<doc id="19808971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19808971" title="Barclay Edmund Tremaine">
Barclay Edmund Tremaine

Barclay Edmund Tremaine (April 13, 1839 – January 26, 1907) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Victoria in the Canadian House of Commons from 1875 to 1876 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Port Hood, Nova Scotia, the son of John Lewis Tremaine and Anna Kearny Caroline Dodd. He was educated at the Horton Academy, studied law and was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1862. Tremaine first ran for election to the House of Commons in an 1874 by-election held after William Ross was named customs collector for Halifax, but was defeated by Charles James Campbell. After Campbell's election was appealed, Tremaine won the subsequent by-election held in 1875. The following year, he resigned his seat after being named a county court judge for Cape Breton. He served as a judge until 1888. Tremaine resided in Baddeck and died there at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="19809019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809019" title="Pseudopalatinae">
Pseudopalatinae

Pseudopalatinae was a subfamily of crocodile-like archosaurs called phytosaurs. As with all other phytosaurs, pseudopalatines lived during Late Triassic. The name is derived from the genus "Pseudopalatus".
A recent phylogenetic analysis found that the genera "Pseudopalatus", "Mystriosuchus", "Redondasaurus" and "Nicrosaurus" were pseudopalatines.
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Stocker (2012):

</doc>
<doc id="19809037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809037" title="Waldhambach">
Waldhambach

Waldhambach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19809039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809039" title="Shang Yi">
Shang Yi

Shang Yi (born 20 January 1979) is Chinese former footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Tianjin, Shang began his career at Beijing Guoan, spending his entire career there, minus a short spell in Spain with Xerez during the 2003–04 season. While at Xerez, Shang hit the headlines after the club was paid to play him by a "personal sponsor" of the player.
Shang earned two caps for China in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19809048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809048" title="Asarum hartwegii">
Asarum hartwegii

Asarum hartwegii is a species of wild ginger known by the common name Hartweg's wild ginger. 
It is endemic to California; It grows in forest habitat. This is a perennial herb growing from a ginger-scented rhizome which extends vertically deep into the ground. It forms a clump of elaborately white-veined leaves which are heart-shaped to round in shape and coated in curved hairs. Each is borne on a long petiole up to 21 centimeters long. It bears a solitary flower near the ground on a short peduncle. The flower has no petals but three curving, hairy, brownish or maroon sepals which are whitish with red stripes on their inner surfaces. The fruit is a fleshy capsule containing many seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19809071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809071" title="Waldo E. Sexton">
Waldo E. Sexton

Waldo E. Sexton (1885 - 1967) was an entrepreneur whose enterprises have attracted visitors to Vero Beach, Florida since the 1930s and remain of value to the community, industry, tourists, artists, historians and horticulturalists. He was named to the list of Great Floridians by the Florida Department of State for his agricultural contributions.
Biography.
Early life.
Waldo E. Sexton was born in Shelbyville, Indiana to Isaac and Sarah Ann Buckingham Sexton. He was the youngest male out of the couple's five children. He was the first man from Morrow Township to attend High School, which he did at the county seat of Shelbyville High School.
After initially attending Indiana University for medicine, Sexton decided becoming a doctor wasn't for him after his first attempt at autopsying a cadaver. He transferred to Purdue University College of Agriculture, where he met John Wheeler. He was initiated into the Indiana Alpha Chapter of Phi Delta Theta on September 28, 1906. During college, Sexton sold aluminum cooking utensils and later collected commission off of the sales of the men he recruited, including his first cousin Walter Buckingham in 1909. Additionally he worked for the University's extension department during the summers and put himself through school. He also made money by purchasing fraternity pins from local pawn shops and selling them to fraternity members on campus. 
After he graduate in 1911, Sexton moved to Barberton, Ohio an was briefly involved in the rubber industry. Sexton later moved to Cleveland, Ohio and began working as a traveling salesman for an agricultural tillage equipment supplier, where he met Pittsburgh native and attorney Charles "Charlie" H McKee who was financing the company. In 1913 the family suffered a loss when his brother William Avery Sexton, a police officer in Columbus Ohio, drowned while assisting the town during the
March 13th flood.
Agriculture.
His work as a deep tillage machine salesman brought him to the area that would eventually be known as Vero Beach, Florida in 1914 to perform a demonstration on a local farm. Due to a late arriving expense check from his company, he stayed a few extra days at the Sleepy Eye Lodge which gave him time to get to know the area. He decided to buy a forty acre tract of land and proceeded to buy the two neighboring 40 acre tracts during the following days. With $500 left in his pocket and at the advice of Doctor Leroy Hutchinson, Sexton limited his initial investment to 120 acres.
That year he took a sales agent position with the Indian River Farms Company. The company was working on excavating the drainage system that drained the wetlands of the area and created prime agricultural land. Sexton was charged with the company's Cleveland, Ohio based office and organized numerous prospect trips via rail car from Cincinnati, Ohio to the area. During this time Charles H McKee stopped by the area on his way to his Palm Beach honeymoon. He and his wife, Clara stayed at the Sleepy Eye Lodge where he met Sexton. Before leaving, Charles purchased 1000 acres of land. When he died the following year, his cousin and Cleveland based Engineer Arthur McKee bought out his holdings.
Considered an independent citrus grower by 1917 for having planted 10,000 trees, he went on to marry Elizabeth Martens the following year in 1918. His citrus related activities included operating a grove maintenance company, a cooperative packinghouse, and founding the Indian River Citrus League. He also started a cattle ranch, dairy farm, and insurance agency and developed three varieties of avocados. That same year, he and business partner Arthur G. McKee purchased 80 acres of hammock land along the Indian River Lagoon that would eventually become the McKee Jungle Garden. The land was initially purchased in an attempt to save the area from development into residential or citrus groves as well as to explore their own collection of rare flora and fauna and test the commercial validity of various plants including ramie and rubber trees.
He started the Oslo Packing Company with his first cousin Walter Buckingham. The company incorporated in 1920 with Sexton as President and Buckingham as Secretary and Treasurer.
Tourism & Architecture.
Sexton’s first venture in tourist attractions was the McKee Jungle Gardens, developed on purchased for planting citrus groves with his business partner, Arthur G. McKee. They decided the landscape was too beautiful to plow under. Operating from 1931 to 1976, the Gardens attracted crowds of 100,000 a year in its prime. In 1932 a reviewer who had toured tropical botanical gardens around the world, including, Peradeniya in Ceylon said he approached his visit “with that secret doubt we conceal before our friends’ local enthusiasm. This doubt, however, was quickly resolved.“ The collection of rare tropical plants framed by native Florida oaks and palms “set an example for conservation and intelligent use of indigenous growth.” Landscape architect William Lyman Phillips designed “the exquisite series of waterways and landscapes, including the Cathedral of Palms, 300 Royal Palms set on a grid. David Fairchild, a friend of Sexton, supplied many exotic plants for this project as well as his own private garden in Miami, The Kampong, now part of the National Tropical Botanical Garden.
In addition to thousands of orchids and lilies, the Mckee Jungle Gardens featured monkeys, alligators, bathing beauties and “ the wacky buildings and collections of Waldo E. Sexton, the folk architect and Florida nurseryman. Without an architect or plans, Sexton built and decorated the Hall of Giants and the Spanish Kitchen with cypress milled in Florida, salvaged materials and his bell collection. For the Hall of Giants he located a massive mahogany board long he had seen at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904 and turned it into a table. The large iron gates came from the demolished Whitehall Hotel in Palm Beach. The Gardens closed in 1976 but reopened on 18 of the original acres as the McKee Botanical Garden in 2001 and is on United States National Register of Historic Places.
Sexton continued creating unusual structures that became local landmarks and attractions. His penchant for wood, wrought iron, tile and collectibles, can still be viewed at his later enterprises in Vero Beach, including the Driftwood Inn and Restaurant, the Ocean Grill, and the Patio restaurant. Although he bought from many sources and sometimes sight unseen by the truckload through contacts, recognizable pieces from Addison Mizner designed Spanish style mansions in Palm Beach continue to attract new visitors. “…Mizner would no doubt immediately acknowledge the life's work of his kindred spirit and friend, Waldo Sexton, the man who saved what might have been lost forever and who shared his respect for the past and prescience of history's enduring commercial value. The Driftwood Inn is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
One journalist described the businessman and artist who created such unusual attractions: “Sexton was a man who was not afraid to render an opinion and who never hesitated to embroider a story. He loved martinis and women, bells and thing from the sea, and he possessed a compelling urge to create. Some people called him an irresponsible screwball, an untruth he shrewdly did not deny, knowing that the world loves an eccentric.”

</doc>
<doc id="19809075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809075" title="Pangborn-Herndon Memorial Site">
Pangborn-Herndon Memorial Site

The Pangborn-Herndon Memorial Site is dedicated to the Clyde Edward Pangborn and Hugh Herndon, Jr., the two men who made the first non-stop flight across the Pacific Ocean from Misawa, Japan to East Wenatchee, Washington without stopping. The memorial is northeast of East Wenatchee and consists of a 14 foot high, 14 ton basalt column atop a concrete base. The column is topped by 36 inch wings made of aluminum.

</doc>
<doc id="19809125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809125" title="William Levett (Dean of Bristol)">
William Levett (Dean of Bristol)

The Very Rev. Dr. William Levett (also spelled William Levet) (ca. 1643-1694) was the Oxford-educated personal chaplain to Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, whom he accompanied into exile in France, then became the rector of two parishes, and subsequently Principal of Magdalen Hall, Oxford (now Hertford College, Oxford) and the Dean of Bristol.
Life.
Levett was born in Ashwell, Rutland, where his father Rev. Richard Levett, born in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, and a graduate of Magdalen Hall, Oxford, was vicar from 1646 until 1660. After Rev. Richard Levett was turned out of his parish in Ashwell, he wrote to Edward Heath of London, soliciting the rector's job in Cottesmore, Rutland, which Heath's family owned.
The Anglo-Norman family Levett family had roots in Sussex going back to the Norman Conquest. William Levett himself was educated at Christ Church, Oxford, where he became a fellow, in 1663.
After his graduation from Oxford with a doctorate in divinty, William Levett entered the service of the Earl of Clarendon, English historian and statesman who went into exile in France. Levett accompanied him there. Levett returned to England in 1672 and became rector of Husbands Bosworth in Leicestershire. Four years later he became vicar of Flore, Northamptonshire. Levett held all four positions—his appointments to both parishes, as well as his Magdalen Hall principalship and his Deanship of Bristol—until his death. 
In 1681 he was named Principal of Magdalen Hall at Oxford, and in 1685 he became Dean of Bristol. Levett was well-known to many Oxford contemporaries of his day, and remained friends with the Earl of Clarendon and his second son Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester for the rest of his life. Among his fellow churchmen, Levett seems to have been held in high regard.
At Oxford, William Levett had succeeded James Hyde (1618–1681) as Principal of Magdalen Hall. Hyde, who was the eleventh son of Sir Laurence Hyde of Heale, near Salisbury, was a barrister and a physician as well as Member of Parliament. Hyde himself had been nominated Principal by his relation, the Earl of Clarendon, who was Chancellor of the University, and he took office in 1662. On his death in 1681, the Principal's slot passed to Dr. Levett, another favorite of the Hydes.
In his will Levett directed his body be decently interred, "without any manner of speech, or funerall oration, or either good or bad verses, and without any opening of it, or the least dissection of it whatever" in the Cathedral at Christ Church. The invitations should be sent out and the body carried in such a way, Levett directed, so as to permit the service to be carried out at the "canonical houre" of 4 p.m. exactly. When word of Dean Levett's death reached Oxford on 11 February 1694, a Sunday morning, bells were rung in honor of the late Principal.
Levett left bequests of £50 for the Christ Church library; £20 to Magdalen Hall; £5 for books at Corpus Christi College, Oxford library; and monies to the poor apprentice boys of Husband's Bosworth and Flore. The will mentions his namesake nephew William Levett, second son of his brother Sir Richard Levett. The sole executor of Levett's estate was Dr. Henry Levett of the London Charterhouse, fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, and son of Dean Levett's uncle, courtier William Levett Esq. of Swindon and Savernake, Wiltshire. Dean Levett was survived by five daughters.
Dean William Levett's brother Sir Richard Levett, merchant and Lord Mayor of London lived at his home Kew Palace at Kew, Richmond, Surrey. A third brother, Francis Levett, was in business with Sir Richard, overseeing a trading empire, principally of tobacco but also textiles. Dean Levett's uncle William Levett was a courtier and groom of the bedchamber to King Charles I and accompanied to the monarch to his execution.

</doc>
<doc id="19809129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809129" title="Cecil Blachford">
Cecil Blachford

Cecil W. Blachford (June 24, 1880–May 10, 1965) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward player who played for the Montreal Hockey Club and the Montreal Wanderers. He was a member of Stanley Cup-winning teams in 1903, 1906, 1907, 1908 and 1910, and captain of the 1906 to 1908 teams.
Playing career.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Blachford played junior hockey for Montreal Mintos in 1898–99, before graduating to senior-level hockey the following season with Montreal Stirling, for which he played until 1902. He joined the Montreal Hockey Club's intermediate squad, and played one game with the Montreal HC senior team, aka the "Little Men of Iron" in the regular season, and two games of Stanley Cup challenge play, helping to defeat the Winnipeg Victorias. He left Montreal HC with several other Montreal HC players in the off-season to join the new Montreal Wanderers for whom he played continuously until the end of the 1907–08 season. He was captain of the 1906 through 1908 squads.
In the 1906 season, he was sidelined for most of the season with blood poisoning. In the 1907, he was the victim of a blow to the head from Charlie Spittal of the Ottawa Hockey Club for which Spittal was convicted in criminal court. After the 1908 season, he retired, but returned for the 1909–10 season for the Wanderers in the new National Hockey Association, helping to win another Stanley Cup title before retiring for good.
Blachford died in Montreal, Quebec in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19809144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809144" title="Reza Shah-Kazemi">
Reza Shah-Kazemi

Reza Shah-Kazemi is an author who specializes in comparative mysticism, Islamic Studies, Sufism and Shi'ism. He is the founding editor of the "Islamic World Report" and currently a Research Associate at the Institute of Ismaili Studies with the Department of Academic Research and Publications. 
He received degrees in International Relations and Politics at Sussex and Exeter University, before receiving his doctorate in Comparative Religion from the University of Kent in 1994. He later acted as a consultant to the Institute for Policy Research in Kuala Lampur.

</doc>
<doc id="19809152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809152" title="Taurach Railway">
Taurach Railway

The Taurach Railway () is a narrow-gauge museum railway in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
History.
The Taurach Railway uses the section of the Murtalbahn from Tamsweg to Mauterndorf, which was closed for economic reasons in 1981 after heavy damage to a bridge. The section was revived as a museum railway by Club 760, which is an association formed for that purpose. Club 760 leased the line on 1 April 1982 and from 1983 to 1987 volunteers and members worked on restoring it. The Taurachbahn was opened on 9 July 1988 and operates as a museum railway weekends every summer.
The route.
The line begins at Mauterndorf station and runs along the Taurach through Gröbendorf stop to Mariapfarr station. From there the route goes through Lintsching stop to St. Andrä Andlwirt, which is the terminus for passenger traffic. The Taurachbahn continues a further two kilometers to meet the Murtalbahn at Tamsweg. On this section is a branchline, which gives an easier grade. Tamsweg station is not used for regular tourist traffic because of the fees demanded by the Steiermärki National Railways for it; however special trains do go through to Mauterndorf through Tamsweg from the Murtalbahn on specific occasions. Also this section is used for the mutual change by vehicles.
Infrastructure.
The major station on the railway is Mauterndorf, where there is a boiler house and workshop, and also a wagon-works constructed in 1999 with the assistance of a European Union grant. After passing through Mariapfarr the line crosses the Taurach, and Lignitzbach rivers, and then local highway L248. After St. Andrä-Andlwirt the railway crosses the Göriachbach river, local highway L222, and then finally the Lessachbach river.
The railway crossings on the federal highway at Mariapfarr station and the local highway at Lintsching stop are secured by barriers, which must be closed and opened by the train crew by hand. There are many crossings at local dirt roads, which are secured by speed limits, St Andrews crosses and/or stop boards.
Rolling stock.
Steam locomotives 298,56, 699,01, StLB 6 are used to operate the railway, and in 2004 locomotive 12 from a salt mine railway was obtained. Diesel locomotives 2091,03 and SKGLB D40 are also used, as well as three smaller diesel locomotives and a hand trolley for work trips. Several historic railway carriages are used for passenger traffic. In the goods yard are a number of goods wagons, several of which are used for maintenance on the railway.
Operation.
The railway operates on Saturday and Sunday afternoons from the middle of June to in the middle of September, in the mornings in July and August and on Friday afternoons from middle of July to the middle of August. The railway is operated completely by those voluntary members from Club 760.

</doc>
<doc id="19809156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809156" title="Schagen railway station">
Schagen railway station

Schagen is a railway station in Schagen, the Netherlands. The station opened on 20 December 1865. The station is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway, between Den Helder and Heerhugowaard. The train station has 3 platforms. The line between Schagen and Den Helder is single track and between Schagen and Alkmaar double track. The track between Schagen and Heerhugowaard was also single track until 1995.
Train services.
The following train services call at Schagen:
Bus services.
The following bus services stop at Schagen NS:

</doc>
<doc id="19809212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809212" title="French frigate Aglaé (1788)">
French frigate Aglaé (1788)

The Aglaé was a 32-gun frigate of the French Navy, built to a design by P. Duhamel.
Service.
During the Revolutionary wars, she was used to ferry troops to the Caribbean, and spent two years on station at Saint Domingue. In 1793, she undertook a refit, after which she was renamed "Fraternité".
Under "lieutenant de vaisseau" Gourrège, she cruised off Spain, and later she took part in the Battle of Groix on 23 June 1795 under "lieutenant de vaisseau" Florinville.
During the winter 1796, she took part in the Croisière du Grand Hiver under vice-admiral Morard de Galles. On 30 December, she helped "Révolution" in rescuing the crew of "Scevola", which foundered in the tempest off Ireland. "Fraternité" returned to Rochefort on 14 January 1797.
Fate.
She was lost at sea in August 1802, as she sailed from Saint Domingue to France.

</doc>
<doc id="19809258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809258" title="Barry Lersch">
Barry Lersch

Barry Lee Lersch (September 7, 1944 – October 4, 2009) was an American Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1969–1973 and the St. Louis Cardinals in 1974.
One of Barry's great moments was a victory in the annual Midnight Sun Game in 1964. Barry defeated the host Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks by a score of 10 to 5. 2,500 people were on hand to witness Barry's win. By finishing at 2:34 am local time, this game is in the record books for one of the latest finishing games in amateur baseball history.

</doc>
<doc id="19809260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809260" title="Highland RFC">
Highland RFC

Highland Rugby Football Club is a rugby union amateur club from the city of Inverness that compete in the Caledonia Regional League Division 1, the Highland Alliance League and the Caledonia Three Northwest (as the Highland Reds). They have a number of teams taken from different age groups including micros and minis, S1 and S2, Under-15, Under-16, Under-18 and senior first and second teams. They play their rugby at canal park in Inverness.
2010-2011 Reds Success.
During the 2010-11 season the Highland Reds became champions in the Caledonia Division 2 Northwest league although they could not be considered for promotion due to them playing as a second XV side. Due to this, Moray RFC progressed to the play-off stage for a chance at promotion to Caledonia Division 1 in which they triumphed over Aberdeen Wanderers. The Reds however still got the chance to become Division 2 champions by playing Aberdeen Wanderers, a game in which they also achieved success.
Rugby development in Inverness.
Highland RFC have been celebrating recently as they announced the appointment of a jointly funded development officer enabling the club to more actively grow rugby across all ages. The Canal Park Club demonstrated their commitment to the game, and the revised development structure, when they teamed up with Scottish Rugby and the Highland Council to fund the new post which brings thousands of pounds of investment into rugby in the area.
Development Officers (DOs) are dedicated to recruiting and retaining rugby players, coaches, referees and volunteers in and around their local communities working continuously to create links between schools and clubs to maximise the opportunities to play rugby in their area. There efforts have been awarded in the 2010-11 season when they given the SRU club of the month award for November.
Training.
The senior and Under-18 teams hold training sessions on Tuesdays and Thursday starting at 7pm sharp until around 8.30pm. The Under-15 and Under-16 teams train on a Wednesday night at the same time. The club welcome all prospective players to attend.

</doc>
<doc id="19809282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809282" title="NewsBios">
NewsBios

NewsBios is an Internet-based service that provides in-depth, unauthorized bios on the world’s most influential business and financial reporters, editors, writers, producers, anchors, freelancers and other journalists.
History.
Among those journalists whose bios are sold most frequently are members of NewsBios’s annual list of the "100 Most Influential Business and Financial Journalists", winners of its "Business News Luminary Awards" (NewsBios) and the "30 Under 30" list of successful young business journalists.
Those on the NewsBios Top 100 include: Robert James Thomson, managing editor, The Wall Street Journal; Lawrence Ingrassia, business editor, The New York Times; Matthew Winkler, editor-in-chief, Bloomberg News; Neil Cavuto, anchor and managing editor of Business News for FOX News Channel; and Allan Sloan, prize-winning columnist for Fortune Magazine.
NewsBios aggregates and sifts information from more than 60 sources of public information and combines that research with its own analytics and proprietary databases. Among the core advantages of a NewsBio when compared with an authorized profile is the inclusion of biographical information that journalists do not wish the public to know.
This unauthorized information may include previous jobs that did not work out well, complaints pertaining to a journalist’s reporting, personal life developments that may influence a reporter’s news judgment and opinions writers and editors have expressed that reveal a bias.
In addition, because NewsBios has prepared more than 10,000 reporter dossiers over a period of two decades, including those on more than 7,000 active journalists, NewsBios is able to put individual bios in perspective with professional standards in general.
NewsBios was originally founded in 1987 as FaxProfiles in Ridgewood, New Jersey. Its parent company, TJFR Group, Inc., was publisher of the TJFR Business News Reporter, a twice monthly print newsletter that tracked the activities of key financial journalists. The newsletter was published from 1987 to 2002. TJFR stands for "The Journalist & Financial Reporting".
Originally, NewsBios content was largely reproduced from issues of the newsletter. Over time, however, NewsBios began to include information obtained from dozens of independent research and news sources.

</doc>
<doc id="19809283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809283" title="Anna Paulowna railway station">
Anna Paulowna railway station

Anna Paulowna is a railway station in Anna Paulowna, the Netherlands. The station opened on 20 December 1865. The station is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway, between Den Helder and Heerhugowaard.
Train services.
The following train services call at Anna Paulowna:
Bus services.
The following bus services stop at Anna Paulowna NS:

</doc>
<doc id="19809290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809290" title="List of comedy features of the Stephanie Miller Show">
List of comedy features of the Stephanie Miller Show

This page is a list of comedy features of "The Stephanie Miller Show.
Impersonations.
Impersonations by Miller and Ward on the show make fun of both sides of the political aisle. Usually these impersonations exaggerate the voice of various pundits or political leaders.
Self-deprecating humor.
Miller pokes fun at herself quite a bit.
Running gags.
The show incorporates a variety of recurring comedic elements, including:
Sound effects and drops.
Sound effects and short sound clips, or "drops," from movies and other sources are often inserted during discussions to emphasize points. Many are used on a daily or near-daily basis; the sources for some of these are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="19809296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809296" title="Alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics – Women's downhill">
Alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics – Women's downhill

The women's alpine skiing downhill event was part of the alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event. The competition was held on Monday, February 2, 1948.
Thirty-seven alpine skiers from eleven nations competed.
Results.
This race was also part of the alpine combined event.

</doc>
<doc id="19809329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809329" title="A Long and Winding Road">
A Long and Winding Road

A Long and Winding Road is Maureen McGovern's twelfth studio album and was released in 2008 by PS Classics. It is a cover album of songs that were from the 1960s and early 1970s, written by notable songwriters of that era. Inside the album cover includes an essay by Philip Himberg (who is the Producing Artistic Director of the Sundance Institute Theatre Program) that covers Maureen McGovern's making of the album and the growth of the Great American Songbook during the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19809332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809332" title="The Taking of Power by Louis XIV">
The Taking of Power by Louis XIV

The Taking of Power by Louis XIV (), also called The Rise of Louis XIV, is a French television film by Italian film director Roberto Rossellini. The film revolves around the French king Louis XIV's rise to power after the death of his powerful advisor, Cardinal Mazarin. To achieve this political autonomy, Louis deals with his mother and the court nobles, all of whom assumed that Mazarin's death would give them all more power.
Release.
"The Taking of Power by Louis XIV" received a DVD release by The Criterion Collection in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19809344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809344" title="Alderman Blaxill School">
Alderman Blaxill School

Alderman Blaxill School was a secondary school with academy status in Colchester, Essex, and was the town's smallest secondary school prior to it's 2013 closure.
History.
The site was developed as Hamilton Road Central School in 1914, but was used as a military hospital during World War I, and did not open until 1920. Following the Education Act 1944, it became a secondary modern school. In 1955, the school moved to a new building in Walnut Tree Way, Shrub End, and was renamed Alderman Blaxill after a former Mayor of Colchester and chairman of the education committee. In 1976, it became a comprehensive school. It became an academy in 2012, and closed the next year. The majority of the students were transferred to The Stanway School and Thomas Lord Audley School, which Alderman Blaxill was federated with.

</doc>
<doc id="19809347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809347" title="1996 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles">
1996 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles

This article is about tennis. The event was sponsored by Association of Tennis Professionals.
Grant Connell and Patrick Galbraith were the defending champions but only Connell competed that year with Byron Black.
Black and Connell lost in the semifinals to Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde.
Woodbridge and Woodforde won in the final 6–4, 5–7, 6–2, 7–6(7–3) against Sébastien Lareau and Alex O'Brien.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
<ol start="5">
<li> Sébastien Lareau / Alex O'Brien "(Final)
<li> Jonas Björkman / Nicklas Kulti "(Round Robin)
<li> Libor Pimek / Byron Talbot "(Round Robin)
<li> Trevor Kronemann / David Macpherson "(Semifinals)
Draw.
Green Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Yellow Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19809361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809361" title="Den Helder Zuid railway station">
Den Helder Zuid railway station

Den Helder Zuid is a suburb railway station in Den Helder, the Netherlands. The station opened on 31 May 1980. The station is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway, between Den Helder and Anna Paulowna.
Train services.
The following train services call at Den Helder Zuid:
Bus services.
These services stop outside the station. For journey times see.

</doc>
<doc id="19809378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809378" title="Les Avions">
Les Avions

Les Avions was a French pop rock band formed in 1980 in Paris by Jean-Pierre Morgan. Jean-Pierre played vocals and guitar and was born on January 7, 1959., Jean Nakache (guitar / keyboards) and Jérôme Lambert (drums). The keyboardist Sylvain Pauchard also greatly contributed to Les Avions'albums for the arrangements and programming. The group disbanded in 1997 after an ultimate concert in Moscow on the occasion of the festival named 'Les Allumées'. Their best known song is the hit "Nuit sauvage" in 1986 (#16 in France), but few other singles of the trio also enjoyed a significant broadcasting, such as "Tu changes" (1986), "Noël (tombe la neige)" (1987) and "Tous ces visages" (1989).

</doc>
<doc id="19809382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809382" title="Christine (album)">
Christine (album)

Christine is the third album by Norwegian pop singer Christine Guldbrandsen, released in 2007 in Norway through MBN Music Business Norway. The album is progressive Celtic, using a combination of traditional and modern instruments. 
Album information.
Guldbransen's third album and was released on February 5, 2007. The songs on this album span a wide range of styles, from ballads with choir and piano, to soundscapes. The lyrics are primarily in Norwegian, though Latin and English is used on a couple of songs. Guldbrandsen wrote several of the songs in collaboration with her creative team. One of these is "Alvedansen", Norway's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, reworked for the album. Apart from one Norwegian folk song "Den Dag Kjem Aldri" the rest of the album is new material. The song "Dansekjolen" placed 1st in the Norwegian charts. 
Reviews.
A review on the Musical Discoveries website states, "Artists can often deliver more emotional content when singing in their native tongue and this evolution has worked well for Christine... The combination of traditional instruments and modern arrange- ments work perfectly to support Christine's far ranging vocal power."

</doc>
<doc id="19809395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809395" title="This Time of Year EP">
This Time of Year EP

This Time of Year EP is the second EP released by Orange County-based rock band Project 86. The release was first announced on September 23, 2008 through the band's official MySpace blog. Nine days later, the band released a further update naming the new release as This Time of Year, and specifying the release date as November 18, 2008. The release date was then changed to November 25, 2008. The EP contains four new songs, as well as a cover of the song, This Time of The Year, which was created for the Christmas season of 2007. The instrumental song "What Child?" uses elements from the traditional English folk song Greensleeves.

</doc>
<doc id="19809436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809436" title="Historic Railway, Frankfurt">
Historic Railway, Frankfurt

The Historic Railway, Frankfurt ("Historische Eisenbahn Frankfurt") or HEF is a German museum railway in Frankfurt am Main. The society was founded in 1978 and its aim is the preservation of historic, valuable railway materiel in working order, especially steam locomotives, as technical and cultural monuments.
Since 1979 there has been a regular museum service several weekends a year on the tracks of the Frankfurt Harbour Railway ("Frankfurter Hafenbahn") between the halts of Mainkur, Eiserner Steg and Frankfurt-Griesheim. Since 1981 the society has organised the Königstein railway festival ("Bahnhofsfest Königstein") every year at Whitsun, when the "Königsteiner Bahn" between Frankfurt-Höchst and Königstein im Taunus is operated. In addition vehicles of the Historic Railway, Frankfurt are used in special services throughout Germany.
Rolling stock.
The society has several operational locomotives. The most famous and historically important is the DRG Class 01 express train, steam locomotive, number "01 118".
Steam locomotive 01 118.
The locomotive was built by Krupp in Essen in 1934 under works number 1415 and is the only one of its class still in existence today that has seen unbroken operational service. It was delivered on 18 December 1934 and officially taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn on 24 December 1934. The purchase price for the engine and tender was 208,597 Reichsmarks. It began its duties on 2 January 1935 and in March 1939 it was fitted with an inductive train control (PZB).
Over the course of time, the locomotive was stationed in various central German locomotive sheds (Betriebswerke. After the end of the Second World War it was left in the Soviet Zone of Occupation and was incorporated in the Deutsche Reichsbahn's fleet in East Germany, where it was given the computer number 01 2118-6 in 1970.
During its entire service the Reichsbahn did not carry out any major conversion or modernisation of the engine. As a result, its appearance has remained unchanged; something which is especially evinced by the large Wagner smoke deflectors. Instead of the original rivetted tender, the locomotive was coupled with a Class 2'2'T 34 tender which was delivered by Borsig in 1941 under the works number 15117. Over the course of the years the boiler has been replaced several times. Its present boiler, which is the seventy, was fitted in July 1973. It came originally from locomotive 01 191, built in 1937, and was last used on locomotive 01 089.
Until its sale to the Historic Railway, Frankfurt, on 5 November 1981 it had covered 3,559,271 kilometres according to its log. Her last locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") was "Bw" Saalfeld in the Reichsbahn division of Erfurt.
Its sale was handled by the "Kunst und Antiquitäten GmbH", a branch of the "Kommerzielle Koordinierung". This government department of East Germany's Foreign Ministry, headed by Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski, had the task of acquiring foreign exchange assets through the sale of art and antiquities to customers in the West. After the bill of sale had been paid, the locomotive was on its way to the West on 7 November 1981 together with two other historic locomotives, numbers 35 1097 (formerly 23 1097) and 03 2098.
Since 1981 the locomotive has been used for steam specials, initially on the Frankfurt Harbour Railway and since 1985 on public railway lines. The engine underwent the required general inspections in 1991, 1995, 1999 and 2003 and can therefore continue to be used for special trips, that have taken it so far to France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Switzerland. In spring 2004 the locomotive was fitted with the PZB 90 train safety system. She is stationed at Frankfurt Eastern Harbour.
Up to 2006 the specials were organised by the Nuremberg Transport Museum. In addition to the traditional events held by the Historic Railway, Frankfurt, she also took part, for example, in the Frankfurt Harbour celebrations in August 2006, as part of the 'Rhine-Main route of industrial heritage'.
Apart from the numerous photographs and films, that railway fans and train spotters have produced on her appearances, the locomotive played an important side role in the 2001 TV melodrama "Geraubte Liebe" ('Stolen Love'), that was shown by Hessischer Rundfunk.
Locomotive 01 118 is the prototype for several models in various gauges. In 2004, for their 70th anniversary, a model railway manufacturer in Viernheim made a brass model of 01 118 in 1:45 (I) scale, that was produced as a limited edition. It is also available as a model from the trade in TT gauge.
Steam locomotive 52 4867.
The DRG Class 52 goods train locomotive, 52 4867, was built in 1943 and was left in Austria after the Second World War. In 1980 it was acquired by the Historic Railway, Frankfurt, from the "Graz-Köflacher Eisenbahn- und Bergbaugesellschaft".
She carried out an unusual duty in October 2007. When the tracks on the curve of the "Bäderbahn" (Homburger Damm) – a link line in west Frankfurt normally worked by the "Taunusbahn" – needed to be completely refurbished, the firm carrying it out decided on cost grounds, to charter the goods train locomotive from the Historic Railway, Frankfurt, as motive power for the heavy works trains. Number 52 4867 hauled wagons laden with track ballast in a 64-hour continuous shift to the Frankfurt (Main) Höchst goods station. Likewise she was used for duties on the Main-Neckar bridge at Easter 2008.
Passenger coaches.
The society has a range of historic passenger coaches, including 13 eight-wheeled wagons of class Bm 234, a saloon car as well as twelve six-wheeled Class 3yg coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="19809439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809439" title="Krupá">
Krupá

Krupá may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19809467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809467" title="Prince of Light">
Prince of Light

Prince of Light can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19809473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809473" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 51">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 51

The 51st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Fayette County and inckudes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19809474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809474" title="Saturday Night Hustle">
Saturday Night Hustle

"Saturday Night Hustle" is the second single released from Sway's second album "The Signature LP". It features R&B singer Lemar.The song was produced by Al Shux, who has worked with Sway before. The single was released on 15 September 2008. It spent one week on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 67.
According to the DVD release of "The Signature LP", "Saturday Night Hustle" was written during the production of Sway's debut album "This Is My Demo", but was omitted from the album's tracklist as he believed it was not appropriate for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19809480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809480" title="You Will Know">
You Will Know

"You Will Know" is a hit 1988 R&B ballad by American singer-songwriter and Motown music great Stevie Wonder, taken from his "Characters" album.
It is the opening track on the album, and is the second single from the album as well. This is Stevie Wonder's 18th number-one R&B hit single.
Overview.
"You Will Know" is about a protagonist claims that in hope for answers to an unsolved solution, whether in a state of depression, or hoping for a better tomorrow, despite the magnitude.
In March 1988, the song reached number seventy-seven on the Billboard Hot 100, number one on the R&B chart, and number sixteen on the Adult Contemporary charts.
Other versions.
In 1990, keyboardist Bob Baldwin covered this song from the album "Long Way to Go."

</doc>
<doc id="19809484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809484" title="Kate Edwards">
Kate Edwards

Kate Edwards is the executive director of the International Game Developers Association. She is also a geographer, writer and content culturalization strategist, most active in information-based cartography and video game content. She was born in Lynwood, California on 24 February 1965 and was raised in Mission Viejo, California. She has resided in the suburbs of Seattle since 1989. She is known for pioneering the field of geopolitical risk assessment in digital content and content culturalization, from online maps and reference materials to video games, and her work on the geocultural impacts of the globalization and localization of content. She once wrote, "We can actually look at any specific local culture as a combined set of “content assets” that clearly define the look, feel, sound, taste and general nature of the culture in very much the same way the content assets of a game define the look, feel, sound and general nature of the unique game world." (Chandler, 2011, p. 21)
Education.
After initial studies in Aerospace Engineering, and Industrial Design she completed her B.A. in Geography and a Certificate in Cartography in 1988 at California State University, Long Beach. After a year of working at Thomas Brothers Maps in Irvine, California, she entered the Geography graduate program at the University of Washington in Seattle where she received an M.A. in Geography in 1991, with a thesis on "Virtual Worlds Technology as an Interface to Geographic Information".
Career.
After one year of further graduate study towards her doctorate, she applied for a cartographer position at Microsoft. Edwards was hired as a contractor in February 1992 to help build the maps for version 1.0 (1993) of Encarta Encyclopedia. Her "permatemp" role expanded to become the Cartography Lead for Encarta for the 94, 95, and 96 versions while also helping with the evolution of Microsoft's virtual earth technology and Encarta World Atlas project. In 1995, she obtained a full-time position at Microsoft as its Geopolitical Specialist.
She proposed and founded a new team called Geopolitical Strategy, approved by the company in 1998. As Microsoft’s Senior Geopolitical Strategist (her final title at the company, after using simply "Geographer" for years), Edwards was responsible for the risk assessment of geopolitical and cultural content across all products and locales. In the Microsoft Studios, Edwards implemented a “geopolitical quality review” process and was responsible for reviewing the potential sensitivities of nearly all 1st party PC and Xbox games between 1995 and 2005 as well as many 2nd and 3rd party titles. Academically, she restarted her Ph.D program in 1998 and passed her general exam in early 2000 to obtain her Ph.C (Ph.D Candidate) status.
In March 2005, she left Microsoft to launch Geogrify, a geocultural consulting firm specializing in content culturalization and strategy, with a specialty in video games, cartography and general cultural sensitivities in digital content. She has spoken at many geopolitical forums and game conferences and has been a regular columnist for "MultiLingual Computing" magazine since 2005. In addition, she was a senior advisor for Business for Diplomatic Action until its closure in 2010 (which aimed to improve the image of the US overseas), the founder and chair of the Game Localization Special Interest Group (SIG) in the International Game Developers Association (IGDA) since 2007, a board of directors member for the IGDA Seattle chapter, and she was awarded Chartered Geographer (CGeog) status by the Royal Geographical Society (UK) in 2004. Edwards is also known to be an active advocate of improving geographic and cultural literacy in the U.S. and beyond.
In the video game industry, she worked on numerous titles while at Microsoft, including the Halo 1 & 2, Fable 1 & 2, Jade Empire, Forza Motorsports, and the entire Age of Empires series. At Geogrify, she has continued working on many game titles, including: Dragon Age 1-3, Ninja Gaiden 2, Star Wars: The Old Republic, Dance Central 1-3, Halo 4 and Ryse. In March 2011, she was awarded the IGDA's 2011 MVP award for her contributions to the organization and to the game industry.
In December 2012, Kate was appointed as the new executive director of the International Game Developers Association after Gordon Bellamy moved on from the position in July of that year. She continued her culturalization consulting work on the side.
In October 2013, a Fortune Magazine feature via CNN Money selected Kate as one of "The 10 Most Powerful Women In Gaming."

</doc>
<doc id="19809492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809492" title="Goodwin model (economics)">
Goodwin model (economics)

The Goodwin model, sometimes called Goodwin’s class struggle model, is a model of endogenous economic fluctuations first proposed by the American economist Richard M. Goodwin in 1967. It combines aspects of the Harrod–Domar growth model with the Phillips curve to generate endogenous cycles in economic activity (output, unemployment, wages) unlike most modern macroeconomic models in which movements in economic aggregates are driven by exogenously assumed shocks. Since Goodwin’s publication in 1967 the model has been extended and applied in various ways.
The model.
Output is given by the aggregate production function
where "q" is aggregate output, "ℓ" is employment of labor, "k" is (homogeneous) capital, and a is labor productivity. All of these variables are functions of time, though the time subscripts have been suppressed for convenience. σ is the capital-output ratio, a constant.
Unlike in the Harrod–Domar model, full capital utilization is assumed. Hence
at all times. The employment rate is given by
where "n" is total labor force which grows at the rate "β". Additionally, labor productivity "a", is assumed to also increase at the rate "α". Note that in this case the rate of growth of the employment rate is given by
The growth rate of the absolute level of employment in turn is given by
Wages are assumed to change according to a linearized Phillips curve relationship given by
In other words, if the labor market is 'tight' (employment is already high) there is upward pressure on wages and vice-versa in a 'lax' labor market. This is the aspect of the model that can loosely be associated with the "class struggle" portion of its name, however, this kind of Phillips curve can be found in many Macroeconomic models.
The workers' share in output is "u", which by definition is
Hence the growth rate of the workers' share is
Labor's share in output increases with wages but declines with productivity growth as less workers are needed to produce the same amount of output.
Finally we have the capital accumulation equation and the resulting growth rate for output (since k and q grow at the same rate by assumption of full utilization of capital and constant returns to scale). It is assumed that workers consume their wages and capital owners save a portion s of their profits (note that the model generalizes to the case where capitalists save more than workers) and that capital depreciates at the rate delta. The growth rate of output and capital is then given by
This in turn implies that
Solution.
The two differential equations
are the key equations of the model and in fact are the Lotka–Volterra equations (which are used in biology to model predator-prey interaction).
While the model can be solved explicitly it is instructive to analyze the trajectory of the economy in terms of a phase diagram. Setting the two equations above equal to zero we get the values of "u" and "v" at which growth of "v" and growth "u", respectively, are zero.
These two lines (along with parameter restrictions which ensure that neither u nor v can go higher than 1) divide the positive orthant into four regions. The figure below indicates with arrows the movement of the economy in each region. For example the north-western region (high employment, low labor's share in output) the economy is moving north-east (employment is rising, worker's share is increasing). Once it crosses the u* line it will begin moving south-west.
The figure below illustrates the movement of potential output (output at full employment), actual output and wages over time. 
As can be seen the Goodwin model can generate endogenous fluctuations in economic activity without relying on extraneous assumptions of outside shocks, whether on the demand or supply side.
The model has been applied and extended by many economists since its first presentation in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19809509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809509" title="Clinical Colorectal Cancer">
Clinical Colorectal Cancer

Clinical Colorectal Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by CIG Media Group (Cancer Information Group) since 2001 and more recently, Elsevier (late 2010). The journal publishes original articles describing various aspects of clinical and translational research of gastrointestinal cancers. Clinical Colorectal Cancer is devoted to articles on detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of colorectal, pancreatic, liver, and other gastrointestinal cancers. The main emphasis is on recent scientific developments in all areas related to gastrointestinal cancers. Specific areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches; drug sensitivity and resistance; gene and antisense therapy; pathology, markers, and prognostic indicators; chemoprevention strategies; multimodality therapy; and integration of various approaches.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Clinical Colorectal Cancer" is indexed in Index Medicus/Pubmed, EMBASE Excerpta Medica, ISI Current Contents, CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature), Chemical Abstracts, and Journal Citation Reports.
Article types.
The journal publishes editorials, original research papers, comprehensive reviews, current treatment reports, case reports, brief communications, current trials, translational medicine pieces, and a "Meeting Highlights" section.

</doc>
<doc id="19809517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809517" title="The Lakes, Copenhagen">
The Lakes, Copenhagen

The Lakes () in Copenhagen, Denmark are a row of three rectangular lakes curving around the western margin of the City Centre, forming one of the oldest and most distinctive features of the city's topography. The paths around them are popular with strollers, bikers, and runners.
History.
Originally the area, which the lakes now form, was one long stream. It had an arch shape and was just outside the city levees. In the early Middle Ages, a need of water for watermills was determined. As a result of this a dam was built and the Peblinge Sø was created.
As a result of a siege of Copenhagen in 1523, it was decided to expand the entrenchments in order to improve the fortifications of the city. The levee at Peblinge Sø was expanded and another was created, which resulted in the creation of Sortedams Sø. In the beginning of the 16th century, Sankt Jørgens Sø was created, by further damming. This made it possible to flood the banks and lakes in case of an attack.
Peblinge Sø and Sortedams Sø also served as reservoirs for the city, and in the period 1705-1727 they were cleaned and dug deeper. The edges were also straightened, giving them their current shape. In the middle of the 18th century they were discontinued as a source of drinking water, due to poor water quality. Sankt Jørgens Sø was to be used instead and it was cleaned and straightened in a similar manner as had the two other lakes 120 years earlier. Until the end of World War II, it played a central role in as a reservoir in Copenhagen and as a backup reservoir until 1959.
The first Fredensbro (bridge) was built across Sortedams Sø in 1878 as a small wooden bridge. The current Fredensbro is a wide levee, that separates the two basins. It was created in 1976-1977.
The vertical slopes of Peblinge Sø and Sortedams Sø were made in 1929, where the pathways surrounding the lakes also were made. In the 60's it was suggested a four lane city ring (named "Søringen") be constructed, but the project was disbanded and the lakes were granted the a status of a protected area in 1966.
Fugleøen was raised to fame in 1967, when it was "liberated" by a group of activists, who declared it an independent state, separate from Denmark.
Geography.
The landmark consist of three artificial lakes, which are divided into five basins:
Water.
The lakes inlet is through piped streams ("Grøndalsåen", "Lygteåen" and "Ladegårdsåen"). These streams jointly provide water from the wet-area "Utterslev Mose", the lake "Emdrup Sø" and to a lesser degree the lake "Damhussøen". "Ladegårdsåen" was converted from an open stream to a piped stream in 1925 and is located below the streets "Ågade" and "Åboulevarden". It provides water for Peblinge Sø and has its endpoint near the pavilion "Søpavillonen" (). From the lakes the water is streamed further on, with an endpoint at the north end of Sortedams Sø, to the lakes in Østre Anlæg, the Fredrikshavn Entrenchment and Øresund. The water has an average time in the lakes of approx. one year.
The water in Utterslev Mose and Emdrup Sø is very high in nutrients. As a result of this, large quantities of algae formed in the lakes and the water became rather unclear as well as hindering animal and plant life. In 1999 the municipality of Copenhagen erected a water treatment plant by Emdrup Sø, to clean the water that was being led to the lakes. This allowed for the re-creation of the water environment. Currently the water is much more clear and animal and plant life are present.
Use.
The lakes primarily serve as a recreational area and the paths surrounding them are popular for strolls and a favoured running route. The total distance around the lakes is 6.4 km.
Sankt Jørgens Sø has a depth of 4–5 metres with sloped sides. The other lakes have a depth of 2.5 metres, with hard vertical edges (made of granite). In Sortedams Sø, two artificial islands has been created. They are named "Fiskeøen" () and "Fugleøen" () and both serve as sanctuary for birds.

</doc>
<doc id="19809528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809528" title="Charlie Miller (security researcher)">
Charlie Miller (security researcher)

Charles Miller is a computer security researcher with Twitter.
Prior to his current employment, he spent five years working for the National Security Agency. Miller demonstrated his hacks publicly on products manufactured by Apple. In 2008 he won a $10,000 cash prize at the hacker conference Pwn2Own in Vancouver Canada for being the first to find a critical bug in the ultrathin MacBook Air. The next year, he won $5,000 for cracking Safari. In 2009 he also demonstrated an SMS processing vulnerability that allowed for complete compromise of the Apple iPhone and denial-of-service attacks on other phones. In 2011 he found a security hole in an iPhone's or iPad's security, whereby an application can contact a remote computer to download new unapproved software that can execute any command that could steal personal data or otherwise using iOS applications functions for malicious purposes. As a proof of concept, Miller created an application called "Instastock" that was approved by Apple's App Store. He then informed Apple about the security hole, who then promptly expelled him from the App Store. Participated in research on discovering security vulnerabilities in NFC (Near Field Communication). Miller currently works for Twitter.
Miller holds a Bachelors in Mathematics with a minor in Philosophy from Northeast Missouri State, and a Ph.D. in Mathematics from the University of Notre Dame and currently lives in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19809558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809558" title="Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn">
Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn

Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn is the second novel by American author Paul Watkins. It was published in 1989 by Houghton Mifflin and shared the Encore Award the following year.
Plot introduction.
The story is set on and off the Rhode Island coast where James Pfeiffer, age 20 and just expelled from college starts working on a broken down scallop trawler against the wishes of his family. He follows in the footsteps of his father Russ, who now has an unexplained fear of the sea. James comes to learn the very real dangers that exist in the present and truth about his fathers past...
Film adaptation.
The story was adapted for television in 1996 for "Hallmark Hall of Fame", entitled just Calm at Sunset. Directed by Daniel Petrie it starred Peter Facinelli as James Pfeiffer, Michael Moriarty as his father Russ, Kate Nelligan as his mother Margaret and Gretchen Mol as his girlfriend Emily. Its music, composed by Ernest Troost, was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19809587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809587" title="John Becke">
John Becke

Brigadier-General John Harold Whitworth Becke CMG DSO AFC (17 September 1879 – 7 February 1949) was an infantry officer in the Second Boer War and squadron, wing and brigade commander in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. He transferred to the RAF on its creation on 1 April 1918 as a temporary Brigadier-General. He retired from the RAF in 1920.
He was born in Liverpool on 17 September 1879 and as a Captain in the Sherwood Foresters seconded to the Royal Flying Corps he was awarded his Royal Aero Club aviators certificate on 18 June 1912 flying a Bristol Biplane at Brooklands. Becke was the first commanding officer of No. 6 Squadron, one of a handful of flying squadrons to be established before World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19809618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809618" title="CIG Media Group">
CIG Media Group

CIG Media Group (Cancer Information Group) is (or was) a medical publisher based out of Dallas, TX that publishes 6 peer-reviewed, tumor-specific oncology and hematology journals for clinical and medical oncologists and hematologists. 
CIG Media Group publishes "Clinical Breast Cancer, Clinical Lung Cancer, Clinical Colorectal Cancer, Clinical Lymphoma, Myeloma & Leukemia, Clinical Genitourinary Cancer, and "Clinical Ovarian Cancer."
The original website of the company disappeared. It appears to be hosted on the website of MetaPress. Since 2011 or 2012, the company's journals are published or hosted by Elsevier.

</doc>
<doc id="19809641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809641" title="Megan Rose Gedris">
Megan Rose Gedris

Megan Rose Gedris (born June 12, 1986) is an American cartoonist.
Work.
"YU+ME:dream".
"YU+ME:dream" is a webcomic begun in 2004, using manga and other types of styles, about a teenage girl who spends all her time dreaming. The webcomic won the second Queer Press Grant from Prism Comics which allowed Gedris to publish the first collected volume of the series.
The main character of the series, 18-year-old Fiona, lives with her father and stepmother. She is frequently bullied by her classmates at West Catholic High. She develops strange feelings toward Lia, the new girl at school, which confuse her until she learns that girls can be in love with girls. Fiona and Lia begin a secret relationship. However, while attending a school dance with Lia, Fiona discovers that the past few months have been merely a very long dream while she was in a coma.
Gedris writes, "So many stories (bad ones) end with '. . . and it was all a dream.' But I always wanted to know what would happen after that. How would this affect someone’s life." Therefore, the "it was all a dream" twist comes not at the end of the story, but one-third of the way through. According to Gedris, "I put my twists in the middle, rather than the end. . . . Instead of ending with it being a dream, we follow how things go after the dream ends."
The remaining two-thirds of the story follow Fiona's attempts to return to Dreamworld, find Lia, and resume their relationship against the wishes of Sadako, Queen of Dreamworld. The Dreamworld sequences employ a number of art styles, including collage and clay sculpture, to portray different realms in the imaginary world.
"I Was Kidnapped By Lesbian Pirates From Outer Space".
"Lesbian Pirates From Outer Space" (also known as "I Was Kidnapped By Lesbian Pirates From Outer Space" and "LPFOS") centers on Susan Bell, a 1950s secretary who is kidnapped by a group of lesbian pirates, the humorous and risqué situations that develop as she lives with them, and her realization she too is homosexual. The Lesbian Pirates are a race of Amazonesque beings who come from a planet referred to as "Lesbos-1," which is part of the planetary system of Lesbos. Early in the narrative, it was not clear why they were kidnapping girls, until it was revealed that they were looking for their lost crown princess. They eventually returned the kidnapped girls.
Gedris created the comic in 2006 as an antidote to the portrayals of lesbians in the comics media. The comic is based on the Cold War pulp novels about lesbians. She entered the Platinum Comics Comic Book Challenge and was a finalist (first place going to D.J. Coffman for "Hero by Night"). As a result, Platinum Studios began publishing the comic via the Drunk Duck webcomics site; in May 2008, the first story arc was published in print.
Prism Comics has said that the comic had "laugh out loud moments in every issue". The comic was one of the most popular titles on Drunk Duck since its debut.
In November 2013, Gedris took all 18 chapters of "I Was Kidnapped By Lesbian Pirates From Outer Space" down from the web, where it had been hosted by Platinum Studios since 2007. She claimed the company had not paid her since 2007, and had strung her along for years with false promises.
"Meaty Yogurt".
"Meaty Yogurt" began when "Yu+Me" ended, October 25. As per the "Meaty Yogurt" website: "Jackie Monroe’s town is cursed. Anyone born there will die there, and all the time in between is riddled with nothing but calm mediocrity. Jackie is determined to beat the curse and make something of herself, or as she puts it, “Live a life someone would want to read a book about. . . . The tone of the story alternates between funny slice-of-life and mind-f**k."

</doc>
<doc id="19809645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809645" title="Pośród niesnasków Pan Bóg uderza...">
Pośród niesnasków Pan Bóg uderza...

Pośród niesnasków Pan Bóg uderza... - "Among the discord God hits..." - is a poem written by Juliusz Słowacki in 1848.
One of his most mysterious pieces of work, it was incomprehensible to Słowacki's contemporaries. The poem gained huge popularity after Polish cardinal Karol Wojtyła was elected pope in 1978, as it has explicit predictions regarding a future Slavic pope (in Polish: "Słowiański Papież"). It was frequently cited by John Paul II.

</doc>
<doc id="19809646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809646" title="Just Me and My Dad">
Just Me and My Dad

Just Me and My Dad is a Little Critter book by Mercer Mayer; second in the series after "Just for You". The story takes place when Little Critter and his dad go camping in the woods. He and his dad have a few misfortunes during their trip like Little Critter having trouble setting up the tent and a bear taking their freshly caught fish away from them. 
Animated special.
"Just Me and My Dad" was adapted as an animated video in 1993. The 23-minute program was produced by Mercer Mayer for Perennial Pictures Film Corporation. Differences in the adaptation included new characters like Little Sister and Bigpaw, the mother plays a little larger role than the book, and a scene where he and his dad almost crashed into a billboard. There were also two songs, "The World Goes 'Round" and "Bigpaw's Comin'". It has been released on Golden Book VHS, and Mercer Mayer has uploaded it on his official Little Critter website. It has yet to be officially released on DVD.
Interactive storybook.
In 1996, Infogrames / Kidz Corner / GT Interactive released a computer CD-ROM of "Just Me and My Dad" for IBM PC and Macintosh. Many elements from this CD-ROM have been uploaded by Mercer Mayer on his official Little Critter website.

</doc>
<doc id="19809691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809691" title="Bracebridge, Lincolnshire">
Bracebridge, Lincolnshire

Bracebridge is a suburb of the city and county town of Lincoln, England. It is situated approximately south from the city centre on the main A1434 Newark Road, stretching approximately from St Catherine's to Swallowbeck alongside the east bank of the river Witham, and uphill to the more upmarket Bracebridge Heath.
Under the Local Government Act 1888 Bracebridge was part of Kesteven and considered a separate town within that county. The Local Government Act 1894 changed Bracebridge's status to an Urban District within Lincoln in the county of Lindsey. Bracebridge now falls under the City of Lincoln Council, within the county of Lincolnshire.
Bracebridge was formerly served by the now-defunct Bracebridge railway station which was located to the rear of the Manse estate which is accessible from Brant Road. Bracebridge lowfields consist of Brant Road area to Waddington Village in the south and Newark Road area to St. Catherines roundabout at South Park. Using Cross O'Cliff hill from the South Park roundabout, one can access Bracebridge Heath, which has a mixed development of old and new properties and commercial units. It is possible to access the town of Sleaford from 'the heath' as it is locally known via the A15 or Grantham via the A607. Both Bracebridge and Bracebridge Heath are served by regular bus services. The Number 1 goes from Lincoln City bus station to Grantham via Cross O'Cliff hill and the A607, Bracebridge Lowfields are served by the 13/14 Service which travels around the Larne Road area and on to Waddington village. Also serving Bracebridge is the number 27 which travels to ASDA in North Hykeham; this follows the route of Newark Road.
All Saints' Church dates from the 11th century, but was remodelled in 1875 by J L Pearson. It was further restored in 1895 and the 20th century and is a grade I listed building. 

</doc>
<doc id="19809710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809710" title="Phobaeticus chani">
Phobaeticus chani

Phobaeticus chani or Chan's megastick is a species of stick insect. It is the longest insect in the world, with one specimen held in the Natural History Museum in London measuring . This measurement is, however, with the front legs fully extended. The body alone still measures an impressive .
Named after amateur Malaysian naturalist, Datuk Chan Chew Lun, only six specimens are known, all originating from the state of Sabah in Borneo. Very little is known about its biology, but speculation in the popular press is that it may live in the canopy of the rainforest, making it especially hard to find; however, there is no evidence to support this theory and the related "Phobaeticus kirbyi" is commonly found on low growing vegetation alongside rainforest paths. 
"Phobaeticus chani" was selected as one of "The Top 10 New Species" described in 2008 by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University and an international committee of taxonomists. The species was also listed as one of the top ten discoveries of the decade in the BBC television documentary "Decade of Discovery", first broadcast on December 14, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19809715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809715" title="Alfonso Feijoo">
Alfonso Feijoo

Alfonso Feijoo (born 1953) is a former Spanish rugby union footballer and a current coach. He's also a Physical Education teacher in San Sebastián.
Feijoo had 23 caps for Spain, during his career. He later become a rugby union coach, taking office as head coach of Spain, in 1997. He achieved his country first ever qualification for the Rugby World Cup finals. Spain played in the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, but lost all the three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19809726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809726" title="John Hagel III">
John Hagel III

John Hagel (or John Hagel III) is an author and former consultant who specializes in the intersection of business strategy and information technology. In 2007, Hagel, along with John Seely Brown and Lang Davison, founded the Deloitte Center for the Edge Innovation. Hagel is also involved with a number of other organizations, including the World Economic Forum, Innovation Exchange with John Seely Brown and Henry Chesbrough, the International Academy of Management, and the Aspen Institute. He is credited with inventing the term "infomediary" in his book, "NetWorth". with Marc Singer, published by the Harvard Business School Press in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19809793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809793" title="French frigate Cléopâtre">
French frigate Cléopâtre

The Cléopâtre was a 32-gun "Vénus" class frigate of the French Navy. She was designed by Jacques-Noël Sané, and had a coppered hull. She was launched in 1781, but the British captured her in 1793. She then served the Royal Navy as HMS "Oiseau" until she was broken up in 1816. 
French career and capture.
She took part in the taking of Cuddalore in 1782.
On 19 June 1793, as she sailed off Guernsey under "Lieutenant de vaisseau" Mullon, she encountered , under Captain Edward Pellew. During the short but sharp action, "Cléopâtre" lost her mizenmast and wheel, and the ship, being unmanageable, fell foul of the "Nymphe". The British then boarded and captured her in a fierce rush. Mullon, mortally wounded, died while trying to swallow his commission, which, in his dying agony, he had mistaken for the vessel's secret signals. Pellew then sent the signals to the Admiralty. 
In the battle "Nymphe" had 23 men killed and 27 wounded. Pellew estimated the number of French casualties at about 60.
"Cléopâtre" was the first frigate taken in the war. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Nymphe 18 June 1793" to the four surviving claimants from the action.
British career.
The Royal Navy commissioned her as HMS "Oiseau" in September 1793 under Captain Robert Murray. On 18 May 1794 he sailed her from Plymouth to Halifax in a squadron commanded by Rear-Admiral George Murray. In June 1794 "Oiseau" and seized fourteen French vessels of a convoy of 25, all loaded with flour, naval stores, beef, and pork. The vessels were American-owned and sailed from Hampton Roads with two sets of papers, one set showing the cargo going to England and the other giving their destination as France. The British sent the vessels into Halifax. 
In July, "Argonaut", "Oiseau", , and captured the "Potowmac" and the 
"True Republican".
On 8 January 1795, "Argonaut" captured the French Republican warship "Esperance" on the North America Station. "Esperance" was armed with 22 guns (4 and 6-pounders), and had a crew of 130 men. She was under the command of "Lieutenant de Vaisseau" De St. Laurent and had been out 56 days from Rochfort, bound for the Chesapeake. "Argonaut" shared the prize money with "Oiseaux". Because she was captured in good order and sailed well, Rear Admiral Murray put a British crew aboard and sent "Esperance" out on patrol with "Lynx" on 31 January.
In 1798, "Oiseau" served in the Indian Ocean, where she captured the French "Réunion" on 1 September. On 21 April 1799 her boats went into Saint Denis on the Íle de Bourbon and cut out two merchant vessels, the "Denree", which had a cargo of bale goods and coffee, and the "Augustine", which had a cargo of rum and arrack. "Augustine" was lost in St. Augustine's Bay.
On Monday, 26 January 1801, at 8.00 a.m., at , "Oiseux", under Captain Samuel Hood Linzee fell in with and chased "Dédaigneuse", which was bound from Cayenne to Rochefort with despatches. By noon the following day, with Cape Finisterre in sight, Captain Linzee signaled to and , which were in sight, to join the pursuit. "Dédaigneuse" maintained her lead until 2.00 a.m. on the 28th when came within small arms range. "Dédaigneuse" opened fire from her stern-chasers, and the two British ships returned fire. After a running fight of 45 minutes, two miles off shore near Cape Bellem, fire primarily from "Sirius" had cut "Dédaigneuse"s running rigging and sails ). She had also suffered casualties with several men having been killed,and 17 wounded, including her Captain and fifth Lieutenant. She then struck her colours. Unfavourable winds kept "Amethyst", from getting up before "Dédaigneuse" had struck. "Sirius" was the only British ship to sustain any damage (rigging, sails, main-yard and bowsprit) in the encounter and there were no fatalities on the English side. Captain Linzee declared the encounter a long and anxious chase of 42 hours and acknowledged a gallant resistance on the part of "Dédaigneuse". At the time of the encounter she was armed with twenty-eight 12-pounder guns. Linzee described her as "a perfect new Frigate, Copper fastened and sails well...". He sent her into Plymouth with a prize crew under the command of his first lieutenant, H. Lloyd. The Admiralty took "Dédaigneuse" into the Royal Navy under the same name HMS "Dedaigneuse".
On 28 January, along with HMS "Sirius", she captured 3 French frigates off Ferrol.
On 16 September 1800, "Oiseau", and the cutter "Fly" captured the "Neptunus" when she was going into Havre de Grace. The next day "Wolverine" brought "Neptunus" into Portsmouth, together with her cargo of naval stores that Wight had captured 
Fate.
In June 1806 "Oiseau" was commissioned under Lieutenant Walter Kennedy as a prison hulk at Portsmouth. In 1812 Lieutenant William Needham succeeded Kennedy. She was laid up in December, but then lent to the Transport Board.
In 1814 she was under the command of Lieutenant John Bayby Harrison. She was then put in ordinary in 1815. "Oiseau" was advertised for sale on 2 September 1816, and sold for breaking up to a Mr. Rundle for £1500 on 18 September.

</doc>
<doc id="19809797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809797" title="Rabinovitch">
Rabinovitch

Rabinovitch (also spelled Rabinovich) (Рабино́вич, רבינוביץ), is a Russian Ashkenazi Jewish surname, Slavic for ""son of the rabbi"". The Polish equivalents are Rabinowitz or Rabinowicz.
People bearing the surname Rabinovitch include:
It may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19809802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809802" title="Maria Tatar">
Maria Tatar

Maria Tatar is an American academic whose expertise lies in children's literature, German literature, and folklore. Tatar is the John L. Loeb Professor of Germanic Languages and Literatures, and Chair of the Committee on Degrees in Folklore and Mythology at Harvard University. Tatar earned an undergraduate degree from Denison University and a doctoral degree from Princeton University. She lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19809804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809804" title="Massed negative practice">
Massed negative practice

Massed negative practice (MNP) is a proposed treatment for the tics of Tourette syndrome in which the individual with Tourette's "practices" tics continuously until a conditioned level of fatigue is reached. It is based upon the Hullian learning theory, which holds that tics are "maladaptive habits that are strengthened by repetition and can be replaced by the strengthening of more adaptive habits (i.e., not having tics)". There is little evidence supporting its efficacy in the treatment of tics.

</doc>
<doc id="19809824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809824" title="Alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics – Women's slalom">
Alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics – Women's slalom

The women's alpine skiing slalom event was part of the alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event. The competition was held on Thursday, February 5, 1948.
Twenty-eight alpine skiers from ten nations competed.
Results.
"*" 5 seconds penalty added.

</doc>
<doc id="19809836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809836" title="Montluçon Rugby">
Montluçon Rugby

Montluçon Rugby is a French rugby union team, from the city of Montluçon. They play at Fédérale 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19809839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809839" title="Charles Beseler Company">
Charles Beseler Company

Charles Beseler Company is a Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania industrial company addressing four primary markets: public and corporate steel shelving and furniture, iron shelving and storage, shrink wrap packaging and silver halide photography (film photography). The company now has two divisions left, its photo division and shrink wrap packaging. 
The company is a historic contributor to silver halide photography. The company still sells photographic enlargers; one of the few remaining companies to market the device.
History.
The name Charles Beseler Company comes from Charles Beseler, a businessman in Germany in the 19th century who sold magic lanterns and stereopticons.
Beseler died in 1909, but his company remained and then moved to New Jersey in 1919.
The company manufactured photographic enlargers and other photographic equipment throughout the 20th century. It also imported the Topcon line of cameras into the US during the time that company made cameras.
Following a three-way merger in 1987, the company introduced other industrial lines to its business, and assumed new ownership. 
Around 2004, the president died and ownership passed to his wife, with the previous CEO taking on the role of president.
Role in education.
From as early as the 1990s and as of the 2000s, the Charles Beseler Company was a supplier to high schools for photography classes in Minnesota., and Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19809843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809843" title="Benjamin Armitage">
Benjamin Armitage

Benjamin Armitage (1823 – 4 December 1899) was an English industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1886.
Armitage was the second son of Sir Elkanah Armitage, textile manufacturer, of Salford, and his wife Mary Bowers of Newton Heath. He was educated at Barton Hall School, Patricroft. He was a manufacturer at Manchester and in 1878 he was elected president of Manchester Chamber of Commerce. He was also a J. P. for Lancashire.
In the 1880 general election, Armitage was elected as one of two members of parliament for Salford. Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, the Salford constituency was divided into three divisions, and Armitage was elected as the first MP for the new Salford West seat at the 1885 general election. A further election was held in 1886, and he was defeated by his Conservative opponent, Lees Knowles.
Armitage did not re-enter parliament. In January 1899 he was awarded the freedom of the Borough of Salford.
In 1856 he married Elizabeth Southam of Manchester. They made their home at Chomlea Bank, Pendleton.

</doc>
<doc id="19809878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809878" title="Blava">
Blava

The Blava is a tributary of the Dudváh in Trnava District, Western Slovakia. Its source is located in the Little Carpathians Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19809899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809899" title="2008 Karl Schäfer Memorial">
2008 Karl Schäfer Memorial

The 2008 Karl Schäfer Memorial was the Karl Schäfer Memorial figure skating competition of the 2008–2009 figure skating season. The competition is also known as the Vienna Cup. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The competition took place in Vienna, Austria from October 14 through 17, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19809937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809937" title="One Shot Left">
One Shot Left

One Shot Left is a punk rock band from Medicine Hat, Alberta. Signed in 1998, the band members celebrated their 10 year anniversary in May 2008 with a series of three concerts in their hometown.
History.
Formation.
Jeff Barrett (Vocals/Guitar) and Chad Schiebelbein (Drums) formed what would become One Shot Left in 1995, while they were still in high school. Rob Speers (Guitar/Vocals), Tristan Sturm (Bass) and Matt Whitson (Bass) later joined the group, and early in 1998 the quartet was signed by the independent record label Meter Records from Calgary, Alberta.
Studio recordings and performances.
After their first Western Canada tour in 1998, One Shot Left released six new songs on a split CD entitled "Wet Feet". The two other bands featured on the CD, Guilt Trip and Darryl’s Grocery Bag, were also signed to Meter Records. Dan Heaton replaced Matt Whitson on "Something To Be Reckoned With", the band's debut album, released in 2000. Following its release, the group embarked on another West Canadian tour, this time with Guilt Trip. When Rob Speers moved to Vancouver, he was replaced by Weyburn resident Blair Cooney. Their first national Canadian tour began in April 2001, when the band toured from Victoria, British Columbia, to Montreal, Quebec. 
One Shot Left’s second full-length album, "Restitution", was released in 2005, again by Meter Records. Bassist Justin Brown replaced Corey Tapp for the recording of this album, but left the band at the end of 2006 when he moved to China. Corey Tapp has since rejoined the band. "Restitution" was described as a, "Beautiful beacon in the future of rock," by Beatroute Magazine. The opening track on "Restitution", "The Night Falls (On Wicked Little Ninjas)", reached No. 2 on Punk Radio Cast’s Top 40.
In 2008, One Shot Left played at the Zed Fest, a youth-focused part of the annual Sandfly Festival, in Medicine Hat on Canada Day. They also played two concerts at "Meter Records 10 Year Bash" in Calgary in November 2008 to celebrate the record label's ten-year anniversary.
Musical message.
Lead vocalist and guitarist Jeff Barrett is primarily responsible for the band's lyrics. He stated in an interview with Punk Radio Cast that the bands see their music as a platform to provide their listeners with views and ideas that they may not otherwise be exposed to. The band is in favor of accepting people as they are and encourage their listeners to think for themselves rather than relying on stereotypes. Barrett said, "Our message is about standing up and stepping forward rather than passing off the bigoted comments around you."

</doc>
<doc id="19809953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809953" title="Johann Baptist Martinelli">
Johann Baptist Martinelli

Johann Baptist Martinelli or Giovanni Battista Martinelli (February 1701 - June 21, 1754) was an Austrian architect and constructor of Italian descent.
He was born in Vienna, the son of architect Franz Martinelli. In cooperation with his brother Anton Erhard Martinelli, he designed the plans of several baroque churches in the Habsburg empire, among which the church in Grossweikersdorf, the Holy Trinity Cathedral in Blaj and the church in Dunaalmás. He also designed several mansions among which the one in Dolná Krupá. He died in his native city of Vienna, aged 53.

</doc>
<doc id="19809960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809960" title="Southern States University">
Southern States University

Southern States University (SSU) is a for-profit American university with four locations in Southern California. The Chancellor is John Tucker.
History.
The institution was founded in 1983, originally in Orange County, California. Its current owner is Tepper Technologies, Inc., which purchased it in 2005.
School Info.
Southern States University (SSU) is a private school in Southern California with over 650 active students from more than 40 countries. The school has three campuses in San Diego and one campus in Newport Beach.
Southern States University offers a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. SSU offers TOEFL test preparation course and intensive beginner through advanced English courses. Enrollment at the University has been steadily climbing in 2006-2011. 
The uniqueness of the Southern States University is in its own financial model that allows students to pay for education without applying for students loans.
Locations.
SSU is based in San Diego, California. It has campuses in San Diego, the San Diego area community of La Jolla, and in Newport Beach, California.
Accreditation and approvals.
Southern States University was accredited in August 2010 by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools in August 2010, a national accreditor in the United States. SSU has maintained "Institutional Approval" status from the California Bureau of Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE) since the University's acquisition by Tepper Technologies in 2006, certifying that it has continued to meet the state's statutory requirements for a private postsecondary institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19809966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809966" title="Mario Inchausti">
Mario Inchausti

Mario Inchausti Goitia (3 June 1915 – 2 May 2006) was a Cuban footballer who played in Spain for Real Zaragoza, Real Betis and Real Madrid, before retiring in 1942 due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19809968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809968" title="Happiest Place in Town (Do-Re-Mi song)">
Happiest Place in Town (Do-Re-Mi song)

"Happiest Place in Town" is a single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi released by Virgin Records and is the title track from their second album"The Happiest Place in Town". The song was written by, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. While the B-side "Take Me Anywhere" was written by Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and Philip; it is their first single not co-written with lead vocalist Deborah Conway. Do-R´e-Mi's 1985 single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Happiest Place in Town", from their second album, which was produced by Martin Rushent, had less chart success.
The photograph on the artwork features a shot of an old style pinball parlour with the phrase "the happiest place in town" on the awning. The parlour was located on George Street in Sydney, not far from Broadway.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in January 1983. "Man Overboard" was released as a single in June 1985, from "Domestic Harmony" on Virgin Records, and peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. "Happiest Place in Town", the title track from their second album "The Happiest Place in Town", which was produced by Martin Rushent, had less chart success.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Recording details

</doc>
<doc id="19809986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19809986" title="Clinical Lung Cancer">
Clinical Lung Cancer

Clinical Lung Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the CIG Media Group.
History.
"Clinical Lung Cancer" was established in 1999 and is indexed in "Index Medicus/Pubmed, EMBASE (Excerpta Medica), Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, Science Citation Index Expanded, CINAHL", and "Chemical Abstracts." It is published six times annually.
Scope.
"Clinical Lung Cancer" publishes articles on detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of lung cancer. The emphasis is on recent scientific developments in all areas related to lung cancer. 
Areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches; drug sensitivity and resistance; gene and antisense therapy; pathology, markers, and prognostic indicators; chemoprevention strategies; multimodality therapy; and integration of various approaches. 
The journal publishes editorials, original research papers, comprehensive reviews, current treatment reports, case reports, brief communications, current trials, translational medicine pieces, and a "Meeting Highlights" section.
Editor-in-Chief.
The editor-in-chief is David R. Gandara. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer and the Addario Foundation. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) and as secretary-treasurer. Gandara is a member of professional committees, including the NCI Investigational Drug Steering Committee and the NCI Science Correlates Committee. 
He is the Chair of the Southwest Oncology Group’s Lung Committee (SWOG). Gandara has published more than 225 articles and 10 book chapters. Gandara holds a B.A. from the University of Texas and an M.D. with honors from the University of Texas Medical Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="19810033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810033" title="Pepperdine Waves">
Pepperdine Waves

The Pepperdine Waves are the athletics teams of Pepperdine University, located outside the city of Malibu, California. They compete at the Division I level of the NCAA. The school is a member of the West Coast Conference for the majority of its programs.
Pepperdine University was recently ranked by the Sears Cup as having the most successful athletic program for non-football Division I schools. (Stanford was ranked the most successful Division I athletic program with football.) Pepperdine University sponsors seventeen NCAA Division I intercollegiate athletics teams. There are also several intercollegiate sports clubs such as men's soccer, men's and women's lacrosse, surf team, Ultimate Frisbee and men's rugby.
Pepperdine's chief athletic rival is the Loyola Marymount Lions, who are also in the WCC.
Nickname, colors and mascot.
Since the school's founding, the school's nickname has been the Waves. It was selected by president Batsell Baxter, as the general consensus among faculty and students was that there were too many animal names in college athletics at the time. Though the school was located near the Watts section of Los Angeles at the time, the name has stuck, becoming more appropriate after the school's move to Malibu. Also since the founding, the school's colors have been blue and orange. They were chosen by President Baxter over the final choice of blue and gold as at the time, no other Pacific school used the colors, which represented the blue of the Pacific Ocean and the oranges grown by the state of California. (Cal State Fullerton has since adopted similar colors, though their shades are darker than Pepperdine's.)
The school's first mascot was Roland the Wave (a nod to the popular cheer "Roll on you Waves!"). From 1945 to 1950 the school used a wave costume (less amorphous than the current mascot's) on the sidelines. In 1951, Joe the Pelican was introduced at a football game. The idea was quickly dropped, however, because of the expense of caring for a live pelican. In 1952, Willy the Wave made his debut. Willy has always had the head and "hair" of a wave, though he has gone through several costumes, including one with white hair representing the foam of a wave, and the early 1990s version which bore a strong resemblance to the Mac Tonight mascot of Kraft Macaroni & Cheese commercials at the time. In 1996, Willy was replaced with King Neptune as part of a re-branding effort. The nickname never took off, however, and was scrapped in 2003. It was not until 2006, however, that Willy made his final return to Pepperdine athletics, this time with a larger wave head and usually wearing boardshorts and an Aloha shirt.
Sports at Pepperdine.
Teams.
Pepperdine University sponsors teams in eight men's and nine women's NCAA sanctioned sports:
Men's Intercollegiate Sports
Women's Intercollegiate Sports
Titles won.
NCAA Division I team championships:
NCAA Division I individual titles:
Men's golf.
The men's golf team has won 17 West Coast Conference championships (1987, 1989, 1991–92, 1994–97, 1999–05, 2007, 2010) They won the NCAA Division I Championship in 1997.
Pepperdine golfers who have won at the professional level are Brent Geiberger (2 PGA Tour wins), Jason Gore (1 PGA Tour win, 7 Web.com Tour wins), Jeff Gove (3 Web.com Tour wins), Michael Putnam (3 Web.com Tour wins), and Byron Smith (4 Canadian Tour wins).

</doc>
<doc id="19810038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810038" title="Jan Grot">
Jan Grot

Jan Grot (Grotowic) was bishop of Kraków from 1326 to 1347. Initially he was a fierce opponent of King Casimir the Great, whom he excommunicated in 1334, however they reconciled in 1343.

</doc>
<doc id="19810044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810044" title="Artaius">
Artaius

Artaius is a Celtic epithet applied to the Roman god Mercury during the Romano-Celtic period. It is known from a single inscription from Beaucroissant in the Isère:
In Gaulish, the word "artos" means ‘bear’, and "artaios" would have been a derivative (meaning something like ‘ursine’). Miranda Green considers Mercury Artaius to have been a bear-god. It is also possible that Artaius is derived from a place name (so that, as an "Artaian Mercury", he would only indirectly have any association with bears - if at all) - the inscription above was discovered at a location that was once called Artay and there is a similarly named town, Artaix, in Saône-et-Loire.
Curiosity.
Artaius is also an Italian folk-prog metal band.

</doc>
<doc id="19810071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810071" title="The Accidental President">
The Accidental President

The Accidental President: How 413 Lawyers, 9 Supreme Court Justices, and 5,963,110 Floridians (Give or Take a Few) Landed George W. Bush in the White House is a 2001 book by "Newsweek" writer David A. Kaplan. The book details the 2000 United States presidential election, focusing on the battle over the electoral votes of the state of Florida that culminated in the United States Supreme Court ruling in Bush v. Gore that awarded the votes, and thus the Presidency, to George W. Bush. 

</doc>
<doc id="19810079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810079" title="Hollis Robbins">
Hollis Robbins

Hollis Robbins (born in 1963) is an American academic and scholar in the humanities, specializing in literature and poetry.
Career.
Robbins is a Chair of the Department of Humanities at the Peabody Institute and Associate Research Scholar at the Center for Africana Studies at the Johns Hopkins University. She serves as an adviser of the Black Periodical Literature Project at the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute at Harvard University and is a noted expert in the field of nineteenth-century African American literature. Robbins received a B.A. from the Johns Hopkins University, a Masters in Public Policy from Harvard's Kennedy School of Government in 1990, an M.A. in English literature from the University of Colorado, Boulder, and a Ph.D. from Princeton University in 2003. Previously Robbins was an Assistant Professor at Millsaps College in Jackson, Mississippi.
Robbins coedited two books with Henry Louis Gates, Jr.: "The Annotated Uncle Tom's Cabin" (2006) and "In Search of Hannah Crafts: Essays on The Bondwoman's Narrative" (2003). She also co-edited "The Works of William Wells Brown" with Paula Garrett (2006) and recently edited a Penguin edition of Frances E.W. Harper's 1892 novel Iola Leroy. Her poetry has been published in "The Cortland Review," "Mezzo Cammin," "Per Contra", "Boston Literary Magazine", and other literary journals.

</doc>
<doc id="19810093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810093" title="Leroy Resodihardjo">
Leroy Resodihardjo

Leroy Resodihardjo (born 4 March 1987) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for SVV Scheveningen in the Dutch Topklasse. He formerly played for ADO Den Haag and Almere City.
Career.
Born in Leidschendam, Resodihardjo played with the youth teams of DSO and Scheveningen before turning professional with ADO Den Haag in 2008. He moved on loan to Almere City in January 2011 and moved on a permanent basis in July 2011. In July 2013 he returned to Topklasse side Scheveningen.

</doc>
<doc id="19810103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810103" title="Abel Guobadia">
Abel Guobadia

Sir Abel Guobadia OFR (June 28, 1932 – February 4, 2011) was an educator, administrator, diplomat and retired public servant.
Education.
Abel Guobadia was born on June 28, 1932 in Benin City, Nigeria. He attended C.M.S. Primary Schools in Benin City (1939–1945); Government College, Ibadan (1946–1951); University College Ibadan (1952–1957). In 1962, he won a scholarship for graduate studies in the United States of America and was awarded the Ph. D in Solid State Physics from the University of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA in 1966.
Career.
Prior to enroling for his Ph. D, Abel Guobadia began his career as a Physics teacher at Osogbo Grammar School (1957); Ilesha Grammar School (1958); Government College Ughelli (1958–1959); Edo College, Benin City (1960); Government College Ibadan (1960–1961) and the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (1961–1962). From 1966 - 1971, Dr. Guobadia was a Senior Lecturer and Head of Department of Physics at the University of Lagos, Nigeria.
Guobadia worked at Nigeria's National Universities Commission throughout most of the 1970s and early 1980s and rose to the position of Director of Academic Planning and subsequently, Executive Secretary of the Commission. In 1983, Dr. Guobadia helped the University of Benin, Benin City establish a Consultancy Services Unit and became the pioneer Director of the Unit.
In January 1984, Guobadia was appointed Commissioner of Education for the defunct Bendel State of Nigeria under the military administration of then Brigadier Jeremiah Useni. Later in 1986, the Colonel John Mark Inienger military administration appointed him the Bendel State Commissioner of Finance and Economic Planning.
In 1987, President Ibrahim Babangida appointed Abel Guobadia Nigeria's first resident Ambassador to the Republic of Korea. 
Upon retirement, Abel Guobadia floated a private educational consulting firm, Advanced Educational Services Limited, that was responsible for developing academic programs for several universities in Nigeria. Abel Guobadia and Professor T. M. Yesufu played an influential role in the establishment of the Igbinedion University, Okada in Edo State, Nigeria.
In 2000, the government of President Olusegun Obasanjo appointed Guobadia Nigeria's Chief Electoral Officer. 
Dr. Guobadia was confirmed as the Chairman of Nigeria's Independent National Electoral Commission by the Nigerian Senate in May 2000.
Guobada retired from this position in May 2005 becoming the first, and so far, only Chairman of the Electoral Commission since Nigeria's independence in 1960, to complete his tenure.
Abel Guobadia has served as Chairman and/or member of many boards including that of the New Nigeria Bank, West African Examinations Council and the Nigerian Standards Organization. He has served in several capacities on Governing Councils of several Universities in Nigeria. Guobadia was former Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council of the Edo State University, Ekpoma. Abel Guobadia was the President of the Science Teachers Association of Nigeria (STAN) from 1971 to 1976 and remains an honorary life fellow of STAN. He is a Special Member of the Senate of the University of Benin, Benin City.
In seeking to advance the development of his cosmopolitan Edo community in mid-western Nigeria, Guobadia worked as the Secretary of the Benin Forum and Chairman of the Edo Forum respectively from 1992 to 2000.
Abel Guobadia served as Chairman, Board of Trustees of a prominent non-governmental organisation, Women's Health and Action Research Centre (WHARC) located in Benin City, Nigeria.
Guobadia died on February 4, 2011 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19810122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810122" title="Tara Thornton">
Tara Thornton

Tara Mae Thornton is a fictional character in Charlaine Harris's "The Southern Vampire Mysteries" and their television adaptation, HBO's "True Blood". 
Profile.
Tara Mae Thornton is a twenty-something Louisiana native and life-long friend of the main protagonist, Sookie Stackhouse. Compiling a description of her character is a complex task because quite a few facts about her changed when her character was brought from page to screen. 
The fact that Tara had a neglected childhood is one fact that remains the same, but in the books, we read that both of her parents were abusive alcoholics; on "True Blood", the only parent we see and hear about is her mother. The television show also expands Tara's family to include the spared Lafayette Reynolds and his mother, Ruby Jean Reynolds. 
The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
Tara has two siblings, a brother and a sister. They both left Bon Temps and Tara behind as soon as they were able. In "Living Dead in Dallas", Tara is engaged to "Eggs" Benedict Talley, but this relationship ends when a secret sex party they attend ends badly. She then opens up a clothing store called Tara's Togs, and then briefly dates the vampire Franklin Mott. He soon dumps her and gives her to the vampire Mickey who turns out to be a sadist. The situation with Mickey gets so bad, Sookie and the vampire Eric Northman must take steps to rescue her. 
After owning and operating her own business for a few years, Tara becomes ready to settle down. During the events of "All Together Dead", she and JB du Rone elope. Tara is currently pregnant with JB's twins. She confides this to Sookie, telling her that she did not plan on having a baby, but felt she should try her best and be the great mother that she herself never had. It is Claude who reveals that Tara is having twins, a boy and a girl. She later gives birth to a daughter named Sara Sookie and a son named Robert Thornton with help from Sookie. She and JB go trough some financial problems after the birth of the twins and JB decides to work as a stripper at Hooligans, a bar owned by Sookie's fairy cousin Claude, to great annoyance of Tara. After Dead Ever After Tara and JB divorce. Tara became very successful in her business and even opened up a series of clothing stores.
True Blood.
In the HBO series "True Blood", Tara is portrayed by actress Rutina Wesley. Actress Brook Kerr was originally cast in the role, but she was replaced after the pilot episode.
In the beginning of the television show, Tara lives with her mother Lettie Mae, who is described as an alcoholic turned fundamentalist who brings nothing but misery to Tara's life. As a child Tara would run to Sookie's house to get away from her mother's beatings. It is because of this and the fact that Tara's acceptance of Sookie as a telepath that the two became best friends. Despite enduring years of abuse, neglect, and disappointment from her mother, Tara still cares deeply about Lettie Mae's well-being, however, Tara is a very angry and wounded individual. 
Tara leaves her mother's house and moves into Lafayette's home. The discovery of a hidden web cam in his bathroom results in her moving out and into her own apartment. After her mother undergoes an exorcism, Tara briefly moves back in with her, but then Tara is arrested for DUI, so Lettie Mae kicks Tara back out. Tara is later bailed out by the mysterious "social worker" Maryann and she takes up residence at Maryann's luxurious estate. 
Tara and Sam Merlotte, who is Tara's boss, explore the possibilities of a romantic relationship, but it never establishes, and before they can give it another try, Tara meets "Eggs" Benedict Talley. "Eggs" also lives with Maryann and it is at the "social worker's" house that the two meet. Sensing that something is not quite right with the mysterious lady, Tara resists the temptation to live with them permanently and moves in with Sookie. However, Sookie goes to Dallas, Texas and leaves Tara alone. A vulnerable Tara succumbs to the draw of Maryann and Eggs, but instead of moving in with them, Tara invites the pair to move into Sookie's. Tara and Eggs use this opportunity to get to know each other, and Tara even falls in love with him despite his questionable past. The relationship ends when Eggs is killed by Jason Stackhouse.
Tara then crosses paths with the sociopathic vampire Franklin Mott. Franklin glamours and bites her, kidnaps her and holds her bound in a bathroom and takes her to the Mississippi mansion of Russell Edgington. Franklin mixes romantic talk and the prospect of turning her into a vampire with coercive actions, while Tara attempts to soothe him with compliant words, while plotting her own escape. She escapes him on her second attempt, and makes it back to Bon Temps, where she seeks help in a rape survivors' group. Franklin confronts her once more in the parking lot of Merlotte's a few nights later. Franklin is also killed by Jason Stackhouse.
Jason, the object of Tara's affection since she was a little girl, takes her back to his house to recover. They kiss, but then Jason confesses to being the one who shot Eggs. Tara leaves his place and goes back to Merlotte's where she finds a very angry-at-the-world Sam. The two end up spending another night together, and in the morning Tara feels a little less frayed around the edges. The feeling does not last, however, as Sam decides to reveal his shape-shifting secret to her. She leaves his house and goes back to her mother's house where she finds Lettie Mae in an intimate situation with the Reverend Daniels. It is all too much for Tara, and she leaves Bon Temps for destinations unknown.
In season 4, Tara has changed her name to Toni, and moved to New Orleans, working as a cage fighter. Tara is seen dating another female fighter, Naomi. In the final minutes of the season finale, she is seen pushing Sookie Stackhouse out of the way of a shotgun blast but the buckshot hits her in the side and back of the head and neck.
In season 5, she's turned into a vampire by Pam at the request of Lafayette and Sookie to keep her alive; she subsequently attacks Lafayette and Sookie upon awaking. She is resentful that the only people she loved would turn her into her worst nightmare. Currently, she is a bartender at Fangtasia and has renounced Sookie as a friend. As the season progresses Tara begins to develop feelings for Pam, and in the season finale the two share a passionate kiss after Tara rescues her from the Vampire Authority prison.
Bibliography.
The character Tara Thornton appears in the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19810133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810133" title="The Fruits of Enlightenment">
The Fruits of Enlightenment

The Fruits of Enlightenment, aka "Fruits of Culture" (1889) is a play by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy. It satirizes the persistence of unenlightened attitudes towards the peasants amongst the Russian landed aristocracy. In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski achieved success when he directed the play for his Society of Art and Literature organization. 
Tolstoy created the first, incomplete draft of the play in 1886, along with "The Power of Darkness". Three years later, his children and wife persuaded him to complete the manuscript sufficiently for a house performance in Yasnaya Polyana. Tolstoy initially denied the proposal but quickly took the lead in directing the amateur actors; the cast included twenty six of his children, two nieces, a court prosecutor from Tula and a judge from Moscow. This first performance was held December 30, 1889. According to Sergey Tolstoy, the 1889 play deliberately reflected the realities of Yasnaya Polyana and the neighboring country estates, even using the real names of Tula gentry for the stage characters (these names were replaced with purely fictitious ones later). The first performance washed out the border between imaginary characters and the real personalities playing them, removing the fourth wall between actors and the audience; it was never reproduced in this form ever since. The audience received the play well, and it was reproduced by Tula amateurs, including Tatyana Tolstaya, in April 1890, with the proceeds donated to a local orphanage. The second performance was attended by Maly theatre actor Alexander Yuzhin and independent theatre director Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko.
In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski directed the first public performance in Moscow for his amateur Society of Art and Literature in its theatre on Tverskaya Street. This production starred Vera Komissarzhevskaya, Maria Lilina (Stanislavski's wife), Vasily Luzhsky and Stanislavski himself as Zvezdintsev. The first truly professional performance was staged in Saint Peterburg's Alexandrinsky Theater in September 1891. The leading role of Zvezdintsev was offered to Vladimir Davydov who declined the honour and chose the lesser role of a third peasant; the second peasant wore makeup to resemble Leo Tolstoy himself, and the first peasant's makeup was designed by Ilya Repin. The show was a success and in December 1891 it premiered in Moscow's Maly theatre. Tolstoy attended Maly theatre production in January 1892 and left dissatisfied with the artists' rendition of the three peasants. The play has remained in Russian and Soviet theatre repertory ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19810179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810179" title="Grotte du Renne">
Grotte du Renne

The Grotte du Renne (French for "Reindeer's cave/grotto") is one of the many caves of the archaeological site of the Middle/Upper Paleolithic period at Arcy-sur-Cure in France. It contains Châtelperronian lithic industry and Neanderthal remains. It was once taken to provide the best evidence that Neanderthals developed aspects of modern behavior before modern humans. Radiological dating now shows mixing of later human artifacts with Neanderthal remains.
Site.
It has 15 archaeological levels that cover a depth of about 4 m. From top to base they are labelled I to XV. Those of V and VI are Gravettian. Level VII is Proto-Aurignacian. VIII, IX and X are Châtelperronian. Level X contains symbolic ornaments, awls, pierced animal teeth, and ivory pendants together with dental remains of Neanderthals. 
Faunal remains include Reindeer and Horse, and these animals are the source of some of the bone tools used at the site. Some mammoth remains are visible, interpreted by Leroi-Gourhan as evidence for huts at the entrance, but this has not been substantiated.
Neanderthal behavior.
Because Neanderthal remains coexist with artifacts showing complex behavior, such as personal ornaments, it has been argued that they had acquired the capacity for complex symbolic behavior associated with modern humans.
Paul Mellars notes, on the basis of new radiocarbon dating on the cave of Grotte du Renne, "that there was strong possibility—if not probability—
that they were stratigraphically intrusive into the Châtelperronian deposits from .. overlying Proto-Aurignacian levels" and that "The central and inescapable implication of the new dating results from the Grotte du Renne is that the single most impressive and hitherto widely cited pillar of evidence for the presence of complex “symbolic” behavior among the late Neanderthal populations in Europe has now effectively collapsed."

</doc>
<doc id="19810249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810249" title="Kasese Airport (disambiguation)">
Kasese Airport (disambiguation)

Kasese Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19810272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810272" title="Anjali Forber-Pratt">
Anjali Forber-Pratt

Anjali Forber-Pratt (born June 22, 1984) is an American wheelchair racer who competes in sprint events at the Paralympic level.
Raised in Natick, Massachusetts, Forber-Pratt was diagnosed with transverse myelitis at four and a half months of age. The disorder left her paralyzed from the waist down. She began racing at the national level in 1993 with an appearance at the Junior National Wheelchair Games. She competed at the games three more times, in 1996, 1998, and 2003, and won a total of four gold, six silver, and two bronze medals. She is currently the World and American Record holder in the 200m. As a student at Natick High School she also competed in downhill skiing before graduating in 2002.
Forber-Pratt is a three-time graduate from the University of Illinois and is an alumni member of the school's wheelchair track and field team. She has received a bachelor's and master's degree in Speech Language Pathology from Illinois and earned her doctorate of philosophy in human resource education in May 2012.
Her first major international competition was the 2007 Parapan American Games in Rio de Janerio, where she won two gold medals in the 100 and 200 meter races and a bronze in the 400 meters. At the 2008 Beijing Paralympics, she won a bronze medal in the 400 meter T53 event with a personal best time of 56.79 seconds and another bronze in the 4×100 meter relay T53–T54. She also competed in the 100 and 200 meters in Beijing, finishing sixth and fourth, respectively.
Forber-Pratt is a Board Member of Disabled Sports USA, an organization founded in 1967 that provides opportunities for over 60,000 youth, wounded warriors and adults with disabilities to develop independence, confidence and fitness through participation in disabled sports each year.
Forber-Pratt is also an advocate and was involved in a legal battle with her high school in 2002, fighting for equal access to education for students with disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19810315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810315" title="Mackenzie Smith">
Mackenzie Smith

Mackenzie Brooke Smith (born February 6, 2001) is a child actress, most notable for her recurring role on ' as , the daughter of Catherine Weaver. She also appeared in the holiday motion picture "Four Christmases," alongside Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn. Smith can also be seen guest starring in television series like Til Death", "Pushing Daisies", "Desperate Housewives" and "The Middle".
Career.
Best known for her recurring role in "" as , the daughter of Catherine Weaver and . Smith can be seen in "The Passenger" as Claire Currie. She had a small role in "Road to the Altar" as Brooke, a girl who plays with her sister in a hair and makeup shop. Smith also had a small part in "Pushing Daisies" as the younger Lily Charles in the episode "Kerplunk". In 2010, Smith can also be seen in two episode of "Desperate Housewives" as Rachel Miller. She was also seen in "The Middle" as Megan, a young girl that goes to school with Brick Heck.

</doc>
<doc id="19810342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810342" title="Buffon's river garfish">
Buffon's river garfish

Buffon's river garfish (Zenarchopterus buffonis) is a species of fish in the Hemiramphidae family.
Distribution and habitat.
Buffon's river garfish is found at the surface levels of rivers, estuaries and coastal waters throughout the Indo-West Pacific region, extending from southern China to northern Australia. It feeds on terrestrial insects. It grows up to 23 cm in length and is not a commercially fished species.

</doc>
<doc id="19810388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810388" title="756th Air Refueling Squadron">
756th Air Refueling Squadron

The 756th Air Refueling Squadron (756 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 459th Operations Group, stationed at Andrews Field, Joint Base Andrews, Maryland.
Overview.
The squadron operates KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting air refueling missions. 
History.
Activated as a B-24 Liberator heavy bombardment squadron in July 1943; assigned to II Bomber Command for training. Primarily trained in Utah and Arizona received deployment orders for the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO) in September 1943. Moved to Massachusetts where the group flew long-range convoy escort missions over the Newfoundland Banks to Long Island Sound, November-December 1943 while station in Italy was being constructed.
Deployed to Southern Italy in January 1944; entered combat in February, being assigned to Fifteenth Air Force. Engaged in very long range strategic bombing missions to enemy military, industrial and transportation targets in Italy, France, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania, and Yugoslavia, bombing railroad marshalling yards, oil refineries, airdrome installations, heavy industry, and other strategic objectives. Also carried out some support and interdiction operations. Struck bridges, harbors, and troop concentrations in August 1944 to aid the invasion of Southern France. Hit communications lines and other targets during March and April 1945 to support the advance of British Eighth Army and American Fifth Army in northern Italy.
Returned to the United States in August 1945, being programmed for deployment to the Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO) as a B-29 Superfortress Very Heavy Bombardment Squadron. Many combat veterans of MTO demobilized upon arrival in the United States, and a small cadre of personnel reformed at Sioux Falls Army Airfield, South Dakota at the end of August. Japanese Capitulation in August led to inactivation of unit and assigned personnel being reassigned to other group squadrons or demobilized. 
Reactivated in the Air Force Reserve in 1947 with B-29s. Trained at Long Beach Army Air Field, California then moving in 1949 to Smoky Hill AFB, Kansas and Barksdale AFB, Louisiana shortly afterward. Activated in 1951 by Second Air Force due to the Korean War, aircraft and personnel being reassigned to Strategic Air Command combat groups deployed to Far East Air Forces; inactivated shortly afterward.
Reactivated in 1954 as a reserve Tactical Air Command troop carrier squadron. Trained for and troop carrier and airlift operations beginning in Jun 1954 and in 1966 began flying airlift missions worldwide, including airlift support of contingency operations in Grenada in 1983 and in Panama in 1989. The squadron has also flown numerous humanitarian airlift missions.
Redesignated in 2003 as an air refueling squadron; equipped with KC-135Rs.

</doc>
<doc id="19810400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810400" title="Jack Reynolds (broadcaster)">
Jack Reynolds (broadcaster)

Jack Reynolds (1937 – October 16, 2008), born Joseph James Rizzo, was a broadcaster from Cleveland, Ohio who was better known outside of his hometown as a professional wrestling announcer.
Broadcasting career.
Cleveland area native Rizzo (who used the Jack Reynolds name on-air due to a feeling back then that his real name would sound "too ethnic") had a career in radio and television in Cleveland which spanned several decades, perhaps most notably as a DJ/talk show host for The old WGAR AM 1220 (now WHKW), and The old WWWE AM 1100 (aka "3WE" - now known as WTAM), and as booth announcer for then independent TV station WUAB channel 43 (now Cleveland's affiliate for My Network TV), where he was the original host (and later frequent substitute host) of the long running afternoon "Prize Movie". He was also an on-air spokesman (on both radio and TV) for several local businesses. He was also an extra in the wedding scene of the Academy Award winning movie, "The Godfather" (1972).
Professional wrestling.
Nationally, Reynolds was known for being a professional wrestling play by play voice. His first stint announcing wrestling came with the short-lived IWA promotion in 1975, which had attempted to establish a national wrestling promotion years before Vince McMahon had done so. He also worked alongside Pedro Martinez's son Ron announcing for the Buffalo, NY-based National Wrestling Federation.
This experience had apparently served him well, as Reynolds joined the World Wrestling Federation's broadcast team in September 1984. He replaced Vince McMahon as the play-by-play announcer for the WWF's syndicated program "All-Star Wrestling", which was being taped at various venues in southern Ontario and repackaged and aired in Canada as "Maple Leaf Wrestling". 
At the broadcast table, he was initially paired with Canadian Football League legend turned professional wrestler Angelo "King Kong" Mosca, but, in January 1985, Jesse "The Body" Ventura, making his broadcasting debut, replaced Mosca as color commentator when Mosca left his broadcasting job to concentrate on managing his son, Angelo Mosca, Jr., who had just entered the WWF. Reynolds and Ventura were also the original hosts of "WWF Prime Time Wrestling" when it debuted in January 1985 on the USA Network. 
In addition, during his time with the WWF, Reynolds was the regular play-by-play announcer, paired with Billy Red Lyons as color commentator, for matches taped at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto that aired on "Prime Time Wrestling" or other WWF programming. 
In July 1985, Gorilla Monsoon replaced Reynolds as the play-by-play announcer for "All-Star Wrestling" and Reynolds left the WWF. Monsoon had also replaced Reynolds as host of "Prime Time Wrestling". 
Post WWF (now WWE) Reynolds continued to work in wrestling, traveling around the world on tours with former WWF stars such as Greg "The Hammer" Valentine, King Kong Bundy, Kamala, Brutus Beefcake, and others all throughout the 90s and into the 2000s.
Reynolds died at age 71 on Thursday, October 16, 2008.
One of his sons is Tony Rizzo, former longtime sports director at WJW channel 8 (Fox) and current host of "The Really Big Show", a radio talk show on WKNR AM 850, both in Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="19810421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810421" title="Astra 19.2°E">
Astra 19.2°E

Astra 19.2°E is the name for the group of Astra communications satellites co-located at the 19.2°East orbital position in the Clarke Belt that are owned and operated by SES based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg.
Astra 19.2°E used to be commonly known as Astra 1, as it was the first orbital position used by Astra and the craft positioned there all have the Astra 1x name, but this was changed by SES to Astra 19.2°E in 2008, to avoid confusion with other Astra orbital positions that now include Astra 1x craft originally positioned at 19.2°East.
The Astra satellites at 19.2°East provide for services downlinking in the 10.70 GHz-12.70 GHz range of the Ku band.
Astra 19.2°E is one of the major TV satellite positions serving Europe, transmitting over 1,150 TV, radio and interactive channels to more than 93 million direct-to-home (DTH) and cable homes in 35 countries (the other major satellite positions being at 13° East, 28.2° East, 23.5° East, and 5° East).
There are more than 40 high definition television (HDTV) channels broadcast by the satellites at 19.2°E, using five HDTV platforms. SES was instrumental in introducing satellite HDTV broadcasting in Europe, using the Astra 19.2°E satellites, and helped establish the HD ready specifications for TVs to view HDTV broadcasts. A subsidiary of SES, HD+ operates the HD+ free-to-view platform of German channels from Astra 19.2°E.
Astra 19.2°E was one of the last satellite position to carry numerous analogue channels, until April 30, 2012 when the switch-off of German analogue broadcasts was completed. It is also the only position to have carried radio stations in the proprietary Astra Digital Radio format, although that technology was superseded by DVB-S radio as the analogue transponders that carried the service switched to digital.
Market.
The satellites at the Astra 19.2°E position primarily provide digital TV, digital radio and multimedia services to Europe and North Africa, principally to Algeria, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Morocco, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Switzerland, and Tunisia.
Astra 19.2°E provides both free-to-air and a number of pay-TV services in networks such as ARD Digital, ArenaSat, CanalDigitaal, CanalSat, Canal+, ORF Digital, Sky Germany, ProSieben, Sat.1, UPC Direct, and ZDF, and is the market leader for DTH and communal dish reception in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland.
The relatively close proximity of Astra 19.2°E to one of SES' other orbital positions, Astra 23.5°E, allows the use in target countries of a single small dish fitted with a monoblock Duo LNB to receive channels from both positions.
Reach.
Services from the Astra satellites at 19.2° east are received in 96.93 million households (42.63 million by direct-to-home satellite and 54.30 million via cable).
History.
Launched in 1988, Astra 1A was the first satellite in the Astra 19.2°E group. With 16 transponders, Astra 1A was the first satellite intended for DTH reception of satellite TV across Europe. From the start of transmissions in 1989, Astra 1A carried four channels for Sky Television plc, the world's first commercial multi-channel DTH service, on transponders leased before the satellite was completed.
Early channels broadcasting from 19.2°East included those primarily intended for the UK, Germany, the Benelux countries, and Scandinavia, and so-called pan-European channels such as MTV, CNN International, and Super Channel.
Astra 1A was joined at 19.2°East by Astra 1B in 1991 and subsequently by Astra 1C in 1993, establishing SES' principles of co-locating satellites for the provision of transparent backup by each satellite for the others in the group.
The first three satellites at Astra 19.2°E carried only analogue channels in PAL and D2-MAC. The fourth satellite, Astra 1D launched in 1994, was originally intended to carry the first European digital TV channels but the rapid expansion of satellite television across Europe and demand for analogue TV capacity meant that it was primarily used for analogue signals.
Astra 1E (1995) was dedicated to digital satellite TV services for Europe and subsequent satellites launched to Astra 19.2°E were also all-digital in the traffic they carried.
Hand-in-hand with the switchover to digital transmission of TV by satellite came a shift to encryption and the targeting of channels to individual countries or regions. The demand for digital TV capacity was so great that SES opened up additional orbital positions to provide for new digital networks aimed at specific countries, starting with Astra 28.2°E for the UK and Ireland, in 1998. That became the home of Sky Digital, and the last Sky analogue channels left Astra 19.2°E in 2001.
Most Scandinavian broadcasters have migrated from Astra 19.2°E to 1°West and Astra 5°E, and SES has also opened orbital positions of Astra 23.5°E and Astra 31.5°E to cope with the ever-increasing demands for digital capacity and the expanding markets of Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia that are now served by Astra satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="19810457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810457" title="Fuck You, Aloha, I Love You">
Fuck You, Aloha, I Love You

Fuck You, Aloha, I Love You is a collection of poems by Juliana Spahr. First published by Wesleyan University Press in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19810484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810484" title="British Hovercraft Corporation AP1-88">
British Hovercraft Corporation AP1-88

The British Hovercraft Corporation AP1-88 is a medium size hovercraft.
As a civil passenger hovercraft it can seat up to 101 passengers, they have been used on routes in Britain and from Sweden to Denmark. As a troop carrier it can transport up to 90 troops. As a military logistics vessel it can carry two Land Rovers, a Bv202 tracked vehicle and trailer unit or about 10 tons (10,000 kg) of stores.
Canada.
It is used in two versions by the Canadian Coast Guard. In the mid 1990s two AP1-88s, the AP1-88/200 and AP1-88/400, were ordered from GKN Westland Aerospace; the contract being awarded in 1996. The craft were built at Hike Metal Products in Wheatley, Ontario. The two 400 series were completed in August and December 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="19810497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810497" title="In High Cotton">
In High Cotton

In High Cotton is the third studio album by the 2nd South Carolina String Band, released in 2002. It features songs from the American Civil War era, played on period instruments using the original words and music.
__TOC__
Track listing.
The following are tracks on the CD "In High Cotton":

</doc>
<doc id="19810508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810508" title="Carychium exiguum">
Carychium exiguum

Carychium exiguum, common name the obese thorn snail, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Carychiinae.

</doc>
<doc id="19810515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810515" title="Tirúa">
Tirúa

Tirúa is a Chilean commune and town in Arauco Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Tirúa spans an area of and has 9,664 inhabitants (5,028 men and 4,636 women). Of these, 2,508 (26%) lived in urban areas and 7,156 (74%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 10.6% (928 persons).
Administration.
As a commune, Tirúa is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is José Aniñir Lepicheo (RN).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Tirúa is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Manuel Monsalve (PS) and Iván Norambuena (UDI) as part of the 46th electoral district, (together with Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Curanilahue, Los Álamos, Cañete and Contulmo). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19810565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810565" title="Whitehall farce">
Whitehall farce

The Whitehall farces were a series of five long-running comic stage plays at the Whitehall Theatre in London, presented by the actor-manager Brian Rix, in the 1950s and 60s. They were in the low comedy tradition of British farce, following the Aldwych farces, which played at the Aldwych Theatre between 1924 and 1933.
History.
The farces; critical reception.
The five farces were as follows:
Rix built a company of regular players who appeared in some or all of these shows. They included Leo Franklyn, Larry Noble, Dennis Ramsden and Derek Royle, and members of Rix's family: his wife, Elspet Gray, his sister, Sheila Mercier and his brother-in-law, Peter Mercier. Others who appeared in one or more of the Whitehall farces include Terry Scott and Andrew Sachs. Rix starred in all five plays, in a range of roles: a "gormless recruit" to the army in "Reluctant Heroes"; a timidly crooked bookie's runner in "Dry Rot"; a street musician recruited as a secret agent in "Simple Spymen"; four identical brothers in "One For the Pot"; and a harassed civil servant in "Chase Me, Comrade". From "Dry Rot" onwards, Rix and his authors developed a double act for the Rix characters and those played by Leo Franklyn, in which the two performers played off one another rather as Ralph Lynn and Tom Walls had done in the Aldwych farces of the previous generation.
Although the five plays had long runs and packed houses, most London critics were snobbishly dismissive of them. Looking back in 1980, Michael Coveney wrote of the Whitehall farces, "A tradition of critical snobbery has grown up around these plays, partly because they were so blatantly popular but chiefly because of our conviction that farce, unless written by a Frenchman, is an inferior theatrical species. … Once the National Theatre has done its duty by Priestley and Rattigan and others teetering on the brink of theatrical respectability I suggest they employ Mr. Rix … to investigate the ignored riches of English farce between Travers and Ayckbourn." The few London critics of the 1950s and 60s who did not take a lofty view included Harold Hobson, Ronald Bryden, J. W. Lambert and Alan Dent.
Television broadcasts; later productions.
In addition to the five long-running farces, Rix presented a series of more than eighty one-off televised comedies, some of them farces, for the BBC. The first was transmitted live from the Whitehall Theatre in January 1956.
In 1966, having been unable to secure the lease of the Whitehall Theatre, Rix took his company on tour in "Chase Me, Comrade" and "Bang, Bang Beirut" (later retitled "Stand By Your Bedouin"), by Cooney and Hilton. Later productions by the Rix company at the Garrick Theatre and elsewhere included "Uproar in the House", by Anthony Marriott and Alistair Foot (1967); "Let Sleeping Wives Lie" by Harold Brooke and Kay Bannerman (1967); "She's Done It Again", by Michael Pertwee (1969); "Don't Just Lie There, Say Something" (Pertwee, 1971); and "A Bit Between the Teeth" (Pertwee, 1974). According to Leslie Smith in a study of modern British farce, although some of the Rix productions after "Chase Me, Comrade" achieved substantial success, none of them had the conspicuously long runs of the five Whitehall farces.

</doc>
<doc id="19810602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810602" title="Dulcem Melodies">
Dulcem Melodies

Dulcem Melodies is the fourth studio album by the 2nd South Carolina String Band, released in 2006. It features songs from the American Civil War era played on period instruments using the original words and music.

</doc>
<doc id="19810631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810631" title="Ray Clarke">
Ray Clarke

Ray Clarke (born 25 September 1952 in Hackney) is an English retired professional footballer who played in England for Tottenham Hotspur, Swindon Town, Mansfield Town, Brighton and Newcastle United, in the Netherlands for Sparta Rotterdam and Ajax, and in Belgium for Club Brugge.
Clarke was chief international scout for Scottish side Celtic. Clarke left the position in June 2009.
Clarke was appointed chief scout of Portsmouth in September 2009.
By September 2010, Clarke was working as a scout at Middlesbrough, renewing his ties with Gordon Strachan who was his boss during his time at Celtic.
On the 7th of September 2012, he was appointed Head Scout at Blackburn Rovers 

</doc>
<doc id="19810653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810653" title="Buena Vista Railroad">
Buena Vista Railroad

Buena Vista Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19810677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810677" title="Runhällen">
Runhällen

Runhällen is a locality situated in Heby Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 217 inhabitants in 2010.
References.
freddy masonen

</doc>
<doc id="19810682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810682" title="Chemung Canal Bank Building">
Chemung Canal Bank Building

The Chemung Canal Bank Building is located at 415 East Water Street in Elmira, Chemung County, New York, United States. It is thought to be the oldest commercial building in Elmira. The Chemung Canal opened in 1832 and construction on the bank building began the same year. In 1833 the bank moved into the new building and the Chemung Canal Trust Company was chartered to deposit cash and supply capitol and credit. The building continued to house the bank for seventy-six years. For the following fifty-six years it was home to various local law offices. From 1976 forward, it has been owned by the Chemung County Historical Society. The building is significant for its period architecture and its place in the history of the area. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Uses.
The Chemung Canal Bank Building was chartered in July 1833, and was open for business later that year, in October. It was owned and operated by the Chemung Canal Trust Company until 1920 when they moved to a new location. After the Chemung Canal Trust Company moved, the building came under the ownership of the Arnot Realty Company. The building was also home to various offices including the Sayles, Evans, Brayton, Palmer, and Tifft Law Firm. The building was purchased in the early 1980s and is currently run and owned by the Chemung County Historical Society. The first floor has become a general history museum (The Chemung Valley History Museum), the largest in the region. The second floor is occupied by the Booth library, a research facility/archive open to the public and the third floor is used for collections storage.
Appearance and Features.
The building was a combination of Greek revival and Traditional Federal styling. It was a brick structure with stepped gables, whereas most buildings of that time period were made of wood. The Bank building had a stone stoop with an ornamental wrought iron railing. The floor plan included a large central hall with one or two rooms on either side as well as a substantial staircase. The second floor was to be used as an apartment for the bank manager. The structure was built upon a stone basement, separate from the foundations of the vaults on the east and west sides. The west side vaults were used by the gas company offices on the west side of the building. In 1868 the bank was remodeled to include a third floor, to be used as rentable apartment space. In 1903 the building was renovated by the Pierce and Bickford architectural firm. The modifications included the addition of two more vaults to store books and currency, mahogany counters, terrazzo flooring, extra restrooms, coupon booths, and a ventilation system that included an indirect heating system and a fan for the summer months. In 1993 the Bank Building was renovated and restored by the Chemung County Historical Society, although many of the original features are still present.

</doc>
<doc id="19810688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810688" title="Digital Collections Selection Criteria">
Digital Collections Selection Criteria

Digital Collections Selection Criteria are applied by organisations (typically libraries) creating a digital library which of their existing holdings and forthcoming acquisitions to digitise for inclusion.
A strategy with defined selection priorities for digitization is critical, and should consider both preservation and access. factors to consider are:
For the Library of Congress, items of national interest were prime candidates both to improve access and reduce wear and tear on the physical copies.
In the early discussions about digitization of library materials the selection decisions were often proposed based on a desire for better access to that item's content, and not on the condition or value of the original item. In 2001, Paula De Stefano wrote that a use-based group of criteria was promising, as it is “fundamental to collection development and is the common thread in all selection decisions”. In practice, however, her study showed that most digital projects focused on special collections, which are generally not the most popular items in the overall collection.
The persistent risk of disappearing "last copies". and the declines seen in the condition of national treasures, as exemplified by the 2005 Heritage Health Index Report on the State of America's Collections provide the rationale for establishing priorities and balancing access with preservation needs. The transient nature of electronic information can contribute to a phenomenon called "memory loss." This is a result of data extinctions as technologies become obsolete. There is also a drift away from original bibliographic contexts as time passes.
A 1998 Council on Library and Information Sources white paper identified the following comprehensive considerations for selection: 

</doc>
<doc id="19810693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810693" title="Yuecheng District">
Yuecheng District

Yuecheng District (Simplified Chinese: 越城区; Hanyu Pinyin: Yuèchéng Qū) is a county-level district under the jurisdiction of Shaoxing city in Zhejiang Province of the People's Republic of China. It is synonymous with the main urban center of Shaoxing, encompassing all of downtown Shaoxing and immediately surrounding areas. The district's total area is 338 square kilometers, and its population is 610,000 people. The district's postal code is 312000. The district government is located at Tashan Street, Yanan Road.
Paojiang Economic and Technical Development Area [http://www.paojiang.com/] is located in this district.
Administrative regions.
The district administers six street offices and seven towns. In total, this encompasses 66 communities, 11 residential areas, and 340 villages.
Street offices: Tashan Street, Fushan Street, Beihai Street, Jishan Street, Chengnan Street, and Qishan Street.
Towns: Lingzhi, Donghu, Gaobu, Mashan, Doumen, Jianhu, and Dongpu.

</doc>
<doc id="19810707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810707" title="Languages of Djibouti">
Languages of Djibouti

The languages of Djibouti include Arabic and French (official), and Somali and Afar (primary). Modified versions of the Latin script as well as Arabic are the main orthographies.
Languages.
Djibouti is a multilingual country. According to "Ethnologue", the majority of the population speaks Somali (297,200 speakers) or Afar (99,200 speakers) as a first language, which are the mother tongues of the Somali and Afar ethnic groups, respectively. Both languages belong to the larger Afro-Asiatic family.
There are two official languages in Djibouti: Arabic (Afro-Asiatic) and French (Indo-European). Arabic is of social, cultural and religious importance. In formal settings, it consists of Modern Standard Arabic. Colloquially, about 36,000 local residents speak the Ta'izzi-Adeni Arabic dialect, also known as "Djibouti Arabic". French was inherited from the colonial period and is the primary language of instruction. About 10,200 Djiboutians speak it as a first language.
Immigrant languages include Omani Arabic (38,900 speakers), Amharic (1,400 speakers), Greek (1,000 speakers) and Hindi (600 speakers).
Additionally, the Somali deaf community in Djibouti uses the Somali Sign Language.
The Somali language is regulated by the Regional Somali Language Academy, an intergovernmental institution established in June 2013 in Djibouti City by the governments of Djibouti, Somalia and Ethiopia. It is officially mandated with preserving the Somali language.
Writing system.
Nationally, the Latin script is the most widely used orthography for all languages. The Somali alphabet, a modified form of the script, is used to write Somali. In the early 1970s, two Afar intellectuals and nationalists, Dimis and Redo, formalized a similar Afar alphabet. Known as "Qafar Feera", the orthography is also based on the Latin script.
Additionally, Somali and Afar are transcribed using the Arabic script.

</doc>
<doc id="19810709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810709" title="Schubert Theatre">
Schubert Theatre

Schubert Theatre may refer to the Schubert Theatre (Gooding, Idaho). For the differently-spelled (no "h") "Shu"bert Theatre on New York's Broadway, see Shubert Theatre (Broadway), and for others, see Shubert Theatre (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="19810739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810739" title="The NY Quickbooks Group">
The NY Quickbooks Group

The NY QuickBooks Group is a privately held company that provides training solutions as well as design and implementation of ERM systems. The company was founded in 2005 by Max Kleynburd. The NY QuickBooks Group is headquartered in New York City and serves clients throughout the tri-state area.
The NY QuickBooks Group as a model citizen.
In the fall of 2007, The NY QuickBooks Group was recognized as a model citizen by the Bayshore Children's Development Fund for its acts of public good. Over the course of three months, the company collected gently used books, office supplies and computer equipment to be donated to numerous after-school programs on Long Island. The employees of The NY QuickBooks Group are also active in the community by providing free after-school tutoring to high school students in math and accounting, as well as career and entrepreneurial guidance.
In September 2008, The NY QuickBooks Group announced the creation of an academic scholarship for high school seniors looking to major in business and related fields in colleges across New York State. The winner of the scholarship will also receive a laptop computer to help in their college career.
Service Areas.
The NY QuickBooks Group provides a wide variety of services, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19810778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810778" title="Columella edentula">
Columella edentula

Columella edentula, common name the "toothless column snail", is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="19810784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810784" title="Colortrak 2000">
Colortrak 2000

Colortrak 2000 was one of RCA's brand names for their high-end television models produced from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s, the other being Dimensia. The RCA "Colortrak", however, was not a high-end model. As opposed to ColorTrak, ColorTrak 2000 models incorporated a comb filter, which provided a sharper picture. The Colortrak 2000 chassis was identical to the Dimensia tabletop model. Colortrak 2000s with BNC connectors were given the designation of Lyceum TVs. This TV set was also used with RCA's Digital Command Component System released in 1985.
Overview.
The Colortrak 2000, unlike the Dimensia, only came in three chassis, which was simulated woodgrain, or real oak veneer or black with the speakers located on the sides. As stated earlier, this exact chassis was used for one variation of the Dimensia.
Features.
Colortrak 2000s had a wide array of high-end features such as a large input/output panel on the back, which included BNC connections, and advanced video features. The Colortrak 2000s from 1983 and later came with the Digital Command Center, a large and very advanced remote control. The same remote was also used for all the Dimensias, except it was called "Dimensia Intelligent Audio Video".

</doc>
<doc id="19810820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810820" title="Amiens Gun">
Amiens Gun

The Amiens Gun is a German railway gun (originally mounted in the battleship SMS Hessen) that was captured by the Australian Imperial Force during World War I and returned to Australia as a war trophy. The 28 cm SK L/40 "Bruno" (SK – "Schnelladekanone" (quick-loading cannon) L – "Länge" (with a 40-calibre barrel)) gun was placed on public display on 26 March 1920 adjacent to the Central railway station, Sydney. While the gun's carriage was scrapped during the 1960s, the gun barrel remains on display at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
Unveiling Ceremony.
The ceremony of unveiling was performed before cheering thousands by Major-General Lee, State Commandant. Also present were Major-General Sir Charles Rosenthal, Brigadier-General Cox, C.B., Colonel Kingdon, Colonel Brughe, Q.M.G., Captain Soane, A.D.C, Mr. R. T. Ball, Minister for Works, Mr. James Fraser, C.M.G., Chief Railway Commissioner, and many Railway officers. Major-General Lee, in addressing the gathering, complimented all concerned in the unloading and reassembling of the gun.
General Sir C. Rosenthal, speaking of the capture of the gun by the 31st Battalion of the eighth Brigade of the fifth Division, jocularly remarked that as it was a Victorian Brigade, they would no doubt have kept the great trophy for Victoria, but for the fact that they did not have the proper railway gauge there for it, and General. C. Cox added: "Thanks to our 4ft. 8½in. gauge we have this trophy permanently." The Chief Commissioner of Railways (Mr. James Fraser) remarked that he had been authoritatively informed that Great Britain had built the biggest gun on earth as an answer to the German "Big Bertha." It never fired a shot – there was no occasion for it – but it had a length of 83 ft. (25.3m), being 11 ft. (3.35m) longer than the gun at Central, and a range of 87 miles (140 km). It was intended as our answer to Krupp's if the war had lasted any longer. Lieutenant George Burrows, M.C. (and Bar) was decorated for his gallantry in connection with the capture of the gun. 
The capture.
The following account of the capture was given by Lieutenant Burrows. On the morning of 8 August 1918, the Australian Corps, with two Divisions of Canadians on their left, attacked the German position in front of Villiers-Bretonneux, the Australian portion of the line extending from the Somme River to a point some hundreds of yards south of Villers-Bretonneux. Preparations for the attack were carried out secretly along the front for several weeks before the attack. A heavy concentration of artillery was brought on to the front, and every wood for some distance behind the line concealed tanks, ready to move forward into position, during the night prior to the attack. The infantry and tanks got into position under cover of the noise created by aeroplanes flying overhead for that purpose. A dense fog came over at about 2 am, and did not clear until about 9 am Following a terrific bombardment, the infantry supported by tanks, attacked at 5 am, and after passing the German front and support lines very little opposition was met with until reaching the final objective, which was the old Amiens defence line in front of Harbonnieres. The attack was well organised, and came as a complete surprise to the enemy.
Referring to the particular part of the front where the gun was captured, in the fifth Division sector, a section of sappers from the eighth Field Company Engineers was detailed to go over with the 31st Battalion. Their work on arrival at final objective was to put out wire entanglements in front of the front line, and dig a series of strong points about 200 yards (180m) behind the front line for the reserve companies. On arrival at final objective, east of Harbonnieres, about 200 yards in front of the front line, there was a train consisting of
an 11.5in. naval gun on railway mounting, a locomotive, two ammunition trucks, and about twenty other trucks. The rear portion of the train was on fire. An Engineer officer went forward, examined the train, and found it to be in working order, and with the assistance of two sappers raised steam. Whilst this was being done the water feed-pipe from the injector to the tank was perforated by a machine-gun bullet. This was bound round with tracing tape. The burning portion of the train was detached, shunted into a siding, and the engine, gun, and ammunition trucks were brought back about 600 yards (550m) behind the lines, to where the rails had been blown out by shell-fire. A message was sent back to the Field Company Headquarters for a party to repair the track. This was done during the night. The message also asked for more water to be sent forward.
Steam was again raised the following morning and, in trying to move the gun back, the gun slipped the rear bogie wheels off the rails. There were nine lifting jacks on the train. With the aid of these the gun was got on to the track again and brought back to Bayonvillers the following morning at 2 o'clock, and a receipt obtained from the officer sent up from Army Headquarters to take over the gun. The gun was complete in every detail, ready for firing, with 37 rounds of ammunition in the trucks. Each shell weighed over 320 kg (704lbs).
Firing sequence.
The sequence of firing a round was as follows:-
Load – the gun was run back on its mountings with the breech in under the shelter. In here was the ready-for-use ammunition – shell and cartridge case (German guns had the Krupp breech and used brass cartridge cases for all calibres) and the hydraulic rammer which rammed the shell and cartridge into the gun.
Loaded – ready – the loaded gun was run back on its mounting with the breech end over the well between the two side frames of the carriage.
Aim – the piece was raised to the required elevation which, for the heavy siege guns, was a relatively high angle.
Fire – the gun fired and the recoiling barrel went down into the well between the frames with the thrust of the recoil being transmitted to the ground via the recoil pad. The barrel then dropped to the "load" position and the sequence repeated.
Subsequent events.
The Capture paragraph is a first-hand account by the man who captured the gun. This account is of subsequent events.
An Engineer and two sappers were on the train. The Engineer obtained a receipt for the gun from an Artillery Major sent up from the Australian Corps Headquarters. This receipt in the ordinary course of events was filed with the Field Company records.
When he returned to the Field Company's headquarters two days later, he was paraded before the Divisional General, Sir Talbot Hobbs, and was asked what had happened and how the gun was captured. He told the General, and also put in a full report.
From the time he handed over the gun he did not see it again, but later on heard it had been exhibited in Paris.
There was one amusing incident. He was an officer of the 14th Field Company (fifth Division), Engineers, and was on loan to the eighth Field Company only for the attack and was on loan to them when the gun was captured. After the gun had been taken behind Australian lines the O.C. of the eighth Field Company sent a man up with a pot of white paint, and he painted on the side of the gun in large letters:—
CAPTURED BY THE EIGHTH FIELD COMPANY
Naturally the seizure of such a 'big gun' — with the bogies it weighed 185 tons (168t) — excited some interest. Besides, it was the gun that the Germans had brought up specially to shell Amiens. Well, when the announcement of the eighth Field Company appeared on it the
C.O. of the 31st Battalion was not satisfied. As soon as he spotted it he sent along a man with another pot of paint, and the first announcement was painted out, and the new words painted on:—
CAPTURED BY THE 31st BATTALION
It was interesting, as well as amusing; but the fact is I was not under the orders of the C.O. of the 31st Battalion, but was under the orders of the O.C. of the eighth Field Company, although really an officer of the 14th Field Company.
He added that the train consisted of engine, gun, two ammunition trucks containing 37 rounds of ammunition, two officers' carriages, and about 25 other vehicles loaded with cordite charges, ammunition, and other war paraphernalia. The fire at the rear part of the train was caused by shellfire from a British tank, and a number of Germans were burnt to death. Cavalry rounded up about 800 of the enemy in the vicinity.
It was a bit exciting while they were trying to get the gun away. He was all prepared to destroy her if they failed; but all's well that ends well.
After capture.
After capture, the gun was exhibited in Paris before being removed to England, via a Channel ferry. It was later taken by rail to Woolwich Arsenal for examination and finally to Chatham Dockyard for transport to Australia.
Transport of this weapon was a formidable task. Finally, arrangements were made to load the trophy on board the vessel "Dongara" at Chatham dockyard which was achieved without mishap. The vessel "Dongara" on which the gun was shipped to Sydney was itself a war prize, being the former German liner "Stetsenfels". 
Mr. G.D. Delprat, the then general manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, who happened to be in London at the time, offered to place the company's facilities and skilled personnel at Newcastle at the Government's disposal, but on the advice of Mr. Shellshear, consulting engineer for the N.S.W.G.R. in London, that the gun's axle loading would exceed the safe load on the original Hawkesbury River Railway Bridge, unless the gun's barrel was removed. This was agreed to.
However, it was subsequently decided that, as the naval floating crane "Titan" was available in Sydney and was capable of lifting weights up to 200 tons, the problem was solved. So the bogies, central pivot, undercarriage and gun were unloaded in the Port of Sydney direct on the rails, at Jones Bay, Darling Harbour. From there, the gun was hauled to the N.S.W.G.R. Eveleigh Workshops, where with the assistance of Lieut. Pockett, Australian Army Ordnance Corps, all fittings and parts were reassembled.
From Eveleigh the gun was hauled to Station East Box by a superheated T-class locomotive and from there pushed forward to a specially prepared track at Eddy Avenue, via a ramp, the rails of which sank under the weight (approximately 18½ tons per axle). After strengthening, another attempt was more successful, although one bogie ran off the end and remained suspended in mid-air until powerful jacks were used to re-rail the trophy, which was floodlit at night by special arrangement with the Australian General Electric Co. for some weeks during the 1920 visit of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII) who inspected it. Thousands of Sydneysiders passing the site saw the gun until its eventual movement to Canberra in 1923.
Move to Canberra.
Details of this movement by rail are unknown, but must have involved partial dismantlement, if only to negotiate the various tunnels en route, especially those on the Pine Range Bank between Bungendore and Queanbeyan.
In 1927, prior to the visit to Canberra of Their Royal Highnesses, the Duke and Duchess of York (later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth) to open the Federal Parliament, which had sat hitherto in Victoria, the Amiens gun was moved from a siding near the former power station at Kingston and set in position on a set of rails embedded in a concrete base, near the railway station.
This task was carried out under the direction of the then District Superintendent (Mr. Reid) and involved building a spur line 100 yards long employing 40 men who were engaged by the Federal Capital Commission. The cost of the removal was said to be £500.
From 1923 until 1942, one of the first things seen by the train traveller arriving at the terminus of the Australian Capital Territory Railway in Canberra, was the enormous railway gun captured by Australian troops, the so-called Amiens Gun.
Use during World War II.
The gun remained outside the station, resplendent in its camouflage paint and target for the climbing ambitions of numerous small boys until the outbreak of the 1939–45 war, when in 1942 the Australian Army began to express interest in the gun. The Inspector-General of Munitions, in a request for the transfer to the Department of Munitions 'for the duration' pointed out that a mounting of this type in which heavy British guns and ammunition could be test-fired was badly needed, as the stresses involved in such firings made our own coastal defence gun mountings unsuitable.
It was planned to install the mounting at the Artillery Proof Range at Port Wakefield, South Australia. The Army gave an undertaking to restore the gun and its mounting to its former condition and to meet all expenditure involved, and claimed that because the mounting was indispensable to the war effort, the Chairman of the Australian War Memorial Board of Management had given approval for its removal.
A party of engineer troops from Kapooka Camp, Wagga Wagga, under command of Lieut. Colonel Warren McDonald were given the task of dismantling the gun under supervision of Mr. Rettinger of the Department of the Interior. Thus, the mounting was sent to Port Wakefield, presumably by rail and the bogies were sent to No. 1 Central Ordnance Depot, at Bandiana, Victoria, for storage. They remained there until after the war. The gun barrel remained in Canberra.
Final resting place.
After the conclusion of hostilities in 1945, the Australian War Memorial made inquiries with a view to having the mountings and bogies returned. The Inspector-General of Munitions in 1948 requested approval for the retention of the mounting, on loan, for an indefinite period, to which the Board acceded.
In 1954. the Memorial was advised by the Department of Supply and Development that the mounting was no longer required at Port Wakefield and discussions began as to the ultimate fate of the gun barrel, mountings and bogies. These extended over some years and involved both theTourist Bureau and the Returned Servicemen's League. At one stage, consideration was given to assembling the complete gun on Mount Pleasant, overlooking the Royal Military College, Duntroon. In 1964, the Director of the Memorial advised that the Board of Management had decided to exhibit only the barrel. This is on the lawn adjacent to the Memorial building.
In reaching this decision the Board had taken into consideration the anticipated enormous cost involved in the removal of the component parts of the gun, while there was some doubt, because of its immense size and weight, as to the suitability of the gun as a whole as an exhibit in the grounds of the Australian War Memorial. Thus it was that in 1961 the bogies were sold for scrap, while the gun mountings were similarly disposed of two years later.
Two guns.
Mr. Bill Crooks, M.B.E., E.D.. of Bribie Island, Queensland is clear that there were, in fact, not one, but two 'Amiens Guns' captured by Australian forces operating in France in August 1918. 
1. The 28 cm railway gun, the subject of these pages, which weighed 149 tons and was subsequently shipped to Australia; and
2. A concrete-emplaced siege gun with a 38 cm (14.96") calibre 72' long barrel, one of a number disposed by the German forces for the bombardment of Paris and other targets. This latter was presented to the City of Amiens by General John Monash and should rightly be called the "Amiens Gun".
Both guns were products of the Krupp works which specialised in super-heavy artillery for land use.

</doc>
<doc id="19810874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810874" title="Agios Dimitrios, Cephalonia">
Agios Dimitrios, Cephalonia

Agios Dimitrios is a village, about 2 miles (3 km) north of Lixouri in the Paliki peninsula of Cephalonia.
A five minute drive along the main road out of Lixouri takes you into the village which lies on the hillside just above Argostoli bay.
Geography.
Turning off the main road to the East, towards the sea, brings one past small residences with some accommodation for renting and eventually down to the shoreline of Argostoli bay. The shoreline is a long narrow strip of mainly sandy beach with scrub vegetation and no facilities. A small number of fishermen work from the area in small boats. The immediate sea is shallow with extensive weed beds. This area is known to be inhabited by turtles.
In addition to agriculture and tourism, a small activity in fishing is supported. Nearby to the south, just before the village, is an auto mechanics car workshop and garage.
Amenities.
In addition to the small number of local residences, there are several apartments for holiday accommodation. There are also small hotels, for example the Hotel Terra Mare with several acres of associated grounds in which holiday bungalows are set.
Taverna Angelos is situated on the main street.
Another Taverna, Faros, can be found by turning up a side road off the west side of the main street.
There are no shops or banks in the village. The nearest shops are back south on the main road towards Lixouri, 25 minutes to walk but five minutes in a car. They comprise a general grocery and household goods store, a takeaway food shop, and a butcher who sells a range of meats. Most main shops, banks, medical services, and schools are to be found in Lixouri. An exception to this is a nearby store located immediately south of the village on the main road to Lixouri which is a large outdoor centre, stocking swimming, snorkeling, fishing and leisure equipment. 
The fact that the local beach is very narrow and there are no facilities means that tourists are hardly ever seen and it is therefore a quiet area in which to walk and admire very open views over the bay. Cephalonia is renowned for having several world-class beaches (for example, Myrtos Beach, Xi Beach, Petani Beach and Vatsa Bay) and it is very easy to travel to one of these by car, which is what most tourists who come to stay in this part of the island do.
Economy and Environment.
As with many areas in Cephalonia, Agios Dimitrios was originally based on agriculture and a small contribution from fishing.
In recent years tourism has become an increasing priority within the economy of Cephalonia with investment from the EU under the Operational Programme 'Western Greece - Peloponnesus - Ionian Islands' Programme under the Convergence objective co-funded by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) for the period 2007-2013. The budget of the programme is around € 1.14 billion. Within this framework are several priorities which include
These high level strategic priorities are starting to have an effect and the evidence can be seen even in Agios Dimitrios. The number of buildings dedicated to tourist trade and tourist accommodation has increased with an increase in local development. There has been an increase in the number of non-Greek nationals becoming residents and developing properties within the village. There has also been a migration back to Cephalonia of Greek nationals (or family members) who had originally been displaced as a consequence the earthquake in the 1950s.
Geology and Homer's Ithaca.
Recent studies suggest that the Paliki Peninsula, in which Agios Dimitrios is sited, was originally a separate island. Known as the Paliki Hypothesis, it is now suggested that in the Bronze Age, a huge earthquake caused a massive landslide to fill in a sea channel creating the bridge between the Paliki and the main island. One implication of this is that the Paliki Peninsula, and the area in which Agios Dimitrios is located is in fact the original location for Homer's Ithaca, the home of Odysseus, to which he journeyed after the Trojan War and written as the epic tale, Homer's The Odyssey.
External links.
Google Maps satellite view of Agios Dimitrios [http://maps.google.com/maps?t=k&ie=UTF8&ll=38.230848,20.43015&spn=0.012439,0.019398&z=16]

</doc>
<doc id="19810879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810879" title="Thomas Kurton Heath">
Thomas Kurton Heath

Thomas Kurton Heath (1853–1938) was a vaudeville actor with James McIntyre. They started their act in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="19810900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810900" title="Three acres and a cow">
Three acres and a cow

Three acres and a cow was a slogan used by land reform campaigners of the 1880s, and revived by the distributists of the 1920s. It refers to an ideal land holding for every citizen.
The phrase was invented by Eli Hamshire in letters written to Joseph Chamberlain and Jesse Collings during the early 1880s. Hamshire did, in fact, own . Collings used the phrase as a slogan for his 1885 land reform campaign, and it became used as part of the political struggle against rural poverty. He became derisively known as "Three Acres and a Cow Collings."
Chamberlain used the slogan for his own "Radical Programme": he urged the purchase by local authorities of land to provide garden and field allotments for all labourers who might desire them, to be let at fair rents in plots of up to of arable land and up to of pasture.
In "What's Wrong With the World", G. K. Chesterton used the phrase to summarise his own distributist opinions.

</doc>
<doc id="19810908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810908" title="St. Thomas Celts">
St. Thomas Celts

St. Thomas Celts is the name given to the sports teams of the University of St. Thomas based in Houston.
Athletics.
The University of St. Thomas competes with teams in the following sports:

</doc>
<doc id="19810918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810918" title="Anton Erhard Martinelli">
Anton Erhard Martinelli

Anton Erhard Martinelli (1684 – September 15, 1747) was an Austrian architect and master-builder of Italian descent.
Martinelli was born in Vienna. He was the son of architect Franz Martinelli.
Anton Erhard Martinelli supervised the construction of several important buildings in Vienna, such as the Karlskirche and the Palais Schwarzenberg or the remodelling of the Deutschordenskirche. He designed the plans of the Palais Thinnfeld in Graz and of Invalidenhaus (Invalidus-palota) in Budapest, now the city hall.
In cooperation with his brother Johann Baptist Martinelli, he also designed the plans of several baroque churches in the Habsburg empire, among which Holy Trinity Cathedral in Blaj and carried out work for the estates of the Esterházy family (such as the country house in Fertőd) He also worked on the Lanschütz mansion (in Bernolákovo) and the Veľký Biel mansion in Western Slovakia, and the restoration of the Dvorac Zrinskih (Zrinski Castle) of the Croatian counts in Čakovec, Croatia.
He died in Vienna in 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="19810946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810946" title="Exophilia">
Exophilia

Exophilia is the love of strange, new, extraterrestrial, robotic, supernatural, or otherwise non-human life-forms. It can be considered as a sexual form of neophilia. People with exophilia have a desire to be with non-human life forms, but that are essentially human in an alien form.
It also is linked to the belief of otherworldly entities, energies, and/or beings. Mythos from other cultures tell of spirit/alien/demigod/etc. couplings with humans that are sexual in nature, which gives hint that perhaps at one time exophilia was possibly more common.

</doc>
<doc id="19810955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810955" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play

This is a list of winners of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play initially introduced in 1976 as the, Drama Desk for Award Outstanding Revival and included musical theatre as well as stage plays.

</doc>
<doc id="19810988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19810988" title="List of senators in the 40th Parliament of Canada">
List of senators in the 40th Parliament of Canada

This is a list of members of the Canadian Senate in the 40th Parliament of Canada.
At dissolution on March 28, 2011, there were three vacancies in the Senate: two in Quebec, and one in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The province of Quebec has 24 Senate divisions which are constitutionally mandated. In all other provinces, a Senate division is strictly an optional designation of the senator's own choosing, and has no real constitutional or legal standing. A senator who does not choose a special senate division is designated a senator for the province at large.
Names in bold indicate senators in the 28th Canadian Ministry.
Incumbencies are , in the 41st Parliament.
Party standings since the election.
The party standings changed as follows from the election of the 40th Parliament on October 14, 2008 to its dissolution on March 28, 2011:
Honorary Senators.
The Senate of Canada posthumously awarded the title of Honorary Senator during the 40th Parliament to five pioneering women known as The Famous Five. The motion was introduced to celebrate the 80th anniversary of the landmark court challenge that allowed women to hold seats in the Senate of Canada.
The Motion to recognize the women was introduced by Conservative senator Ethel Cochrane and seconded by Consiglio Di Nino. After debate, the motion passed without opposition. This was the first time in the history of the Senate of Canada that the title of honorary Senator was awarded to anyone.

</doc>
<doc id="19811035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811035" title="Mubarak Mosque">
Mubarak Mosque

The name Mubarak Mosque (English: "“Mosque of the blessed”") may refer to:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="19811062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811062" title="Fimbriate gudgeon">
Fimbriate gudgeon

Oxyeleotris fimbriata, the Fimbriate gudgeon, is a species of sleeper goby native to the fresh waters of New Guinea and Australia. This species can reach a length of SL though most do not exceed SL.

</doc>
<doc id="19811070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811070" title="To Kill with Intrigue">
To Kill with Intrigue

To Kill with Intrigue (Chinese: 劍花煙雨江南) is a Kung Fu 1977 Hong Kong action film, directed by Lo Wei. In the movie's plot, Chin Chang Yin (Feng Hsu) leads a gang known as the Killer Bees on a revenge mission to kill Cao Lei's (Jackie Chan) family. However, she kills everyone but Cao Lei and falls in love with him. Jackie mentions, in his book "I Am Jackie Chan", how much of the plot is confusing, and he was sure that even the director, Lo Wei, didn't even know what was going on. He has also went on to express that tensions between himself and the director along with the generally cold weather at the time of filming made for a frustrating experience. The movie was filmed in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19811115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811115" title="1998 Major League Baseball expansion">
1998 Major League Baseball expansion

The 1998 Major League Baseball expansion resulted in the establishment of MLB's 29th and 30th teams beginning play for the 1998 season. After initiating an expansion committee in March 1994, 27 groups representing nine cities submitted bids for the proposed expansion teams. After a yearlong process, on March 9, 1995, the league awarded the National League franchise to Phoenix and the American League franchise to St. Petersburg. The Arizona Diamondbacks and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays (presently the Tampa Bay Rays), would subsequently begin play for the 1998 season.
History.
With the successes of the Colorado Rockies and Florida Marlins as part of the 1993 expansion, by 1994 Major League Baseball was looking to expand again from 28 to 30 teams. On March 2, 1994, MLB created an expansion committee to evaluate the feasibility of expansion. Although both Phoenix and St. Petersburg were believed to be overwhelming favorites for the franchises, other cities were invited to bid for the proposed franchises. The committee was headed by Boston Red Sox General Partner John Harrington, with others serving on the committee including Bill Giles of the Philadelphia Phillies, Jerry Reinsdorf of the Chicago White Sox, George Steinbrenner of the New York Yankees, Stanton Cook of the Chicago Cubs, Richard Jacobs of the Cleveland Indians, Stan Kasten of the Atlanta Braves, Leonard Coleman president of the National League and the president of the American League, Bobby Brown.
By June, the league announced that all cities with interest in the proposed franchises should submit their intentions by June 24. By June 30, the committee released the nine communities that submitted information to MLB for the proposed franchises. Buffalo, Mexico City, Monterrey, Nashville, Northern Virginia, Orlando, Phoenix, St. Petersburg and Vancouver placed expansion requests, Other cities mentioned as potential expansion locations which did not officially submit an application to the league included Charlotte, Washington and Guadalajara.
After whittling down the field to four finalists (Northern Virginia, Orlando, Phoenix and St. Petersburg), MLB announced Phoenix and St. Petersburg as the two expansion franchises on March 9, 1995. Announced to begin play for the 1998 season, each ownership group paid a $130 million expansion fee to enter the league. The ownership groups paid $32 million in July 1995, $25 million in July 1996, $40 million in July 1997 and $33 million in November 1997. In addition, the two expansion teams gave away their rights to $5 million from baseball's central fund for each of the five years following expansion (1998-2002).

</doc>
<doc id="19811121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811121" title="Sodium diacetate">
Sodium diacetate

Sodium diacetate is a compound with formula . It is a colourless solid that is used in seasonings and as an antimicrobial agent.
Preparation and structure.
The salt forms upon half-neutralization of acetic acid followed by evaporation of the solution. It can be viewed as the result of homoassociation, an effect that enhances the acidity of acetic acid in concentrated solution:
Also described as the sodium acid salt of acetic acid, is best described as the sodium salt of the hydrogen-bonded anion (CH3CO2)2H-. The O---O distance is about 2.47 Å. The species has no significant existence in solution but forms stable crystals.
Applications.
As a food additive, it has E number E262 and is used to impart a salt and vinegar flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="19811135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811135" title="Juliet McMains">
Juliet McMains

Juliet E. McMains is a United States dance scholar and instructor, the author of the "Glamour Addiction", the first comprehensive study of the United States DanceSport.
Juliet McMains started doing ballroom dancing as a teenager. Eventually she became professional ballroom dancer until she stopped competing in 2003. Her Senior thesis in the college was "Tradition and Transgression: Gender Roles in Ballroom Dancing". She earned B.A. in Women's Studies from Harvard University and PhD in dance history and theory (2003) at the University of California, Riverside.
, she is a teacher of World Dance History, Beginning Salsa and Beginning Tango at the University of Washington, Seattle. Her academic specializations include dance ethnography, social dance history, post-structural theory, cultural studies, and feminist theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19811149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811149" title="Vespericola columbiana">
Vespericola columbiana

Vespericola columbiana, common name the northwest hesperian, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19811164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811164" title="McMains">
McMains

McMains is a family name which may refer to one of the following persons.

</doc>
<doc id="19811189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811189" title="Lucas L5">
Lucas L5

__NOTOC__
The Lucas L5 was a sport aircraft designed in France in the late 1970s and marketed for amateur construction. It was a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with side-by-side seating for two in a fully enclosed cabin. Construction was of metal throughout, and the builder was given the option of fixed, tricycle undercarriage, or tailwheel undercarriage in which the main units were manually retractable.

</doc>
<doc id="19811191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811191" title="Sankey brick">
Sankey brick

The Sankey brick is the preferred construction material of the South Side Flats in Pittsburgh. It was the original product of the Sankey Brick Company, founded in 1861 by William, John, and Thomas Sankey. The original brick works stood at the end of a railroad at 21st Street, and now forms part of the present South Side Park.
The Sankey Brothers were pioneers in the automated production of brick, using local shale instead of clay as the basis of the brick. The company had an office at 2112 Carson Street, and additional plants at 37th and Liberty in Lawrenceville and at Penn and Atlantic in the East End of Pittsburgh.
1916 Pittsburgh map [http://images.library.pitt.edu/cgi-bin/maps/showmap.pl?client=maps&image=16v06p07&levels=5&originx=6464&originy=3280&lastlevel=2&fullheight=6848&fullwidth=9518&level=3&size=1&tnail.x=124&tnail.y=91]

</doc>
<doc id="19811199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811199" title="Vespericola armigera">
Vespericola armigera

Vespericola armigera, common name the Santa Cruz hesperian, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19811200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811200" title="School Lane (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
School Lane (SEPTA Route 101 station)

School Lane is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is located on School Lane west of Edmonds Avenue in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, with SEPTA giving the address as ""near" School Lane & Edmonds Avenue". The station is next to a church on the northwest corner of the aforementiond intersection.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station features a P&W-era shed with a roof in which passengers can wait during inclement weather. The shed is made of stucco similar to that of the nearby Aronimink stop. An actual school can be found one block east of this intersection. No parking is available at this stop, as it is located in a residential area.

</doc>
<doc id="19811205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811205" title="Ljudevit Jurak">
Ljudevit Jurak

Ljudevit Jurak (October 6, 1881 in Zalug near Hum na Sutli - June 9, 1945 in Zagreb) was a Croatian professor of pathology who was executed by the Yugoslav government for his research into the Vinnytsia massacre. 
Jurak studied medicine at the University of Innsbruck where he graduated in 1910. In 1914 Jurak came to Zagreb where he led the Department of Pathology at the Sisters of Charity Hospital, a post he held until his death. Jurak collaborated on Mate Ujević's "Croatian Encyclopedia".
In 1943, Jurak was among those invited by the International Committee of the Red Cross to take part in an investigation into the massacre of ethnic Ukrainians at Vinnytsia in the 1930s. This investigation concluded that the Soviet Union had been responsible for the massacre. He also commented on the Soviet responsibility for the Katyn massacre. When the communist regime came to power in Yugoslavia, they had Jurak killed by firing squad in June, 1945.
Since the democratic changes in 1990, the "Ljudevit Jurak Clinical Department of Pathology" in Zagreb has borne his name.

</doc>
<doc id="19811220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811220" title="Henri Lopès">
Henri Lopès

Henri Lopès (born 12 September 1937) is a Congolese writer, diplomat, and political figure. He was Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from 1973 to 1975, and since 1998 he has been the Republic of Congo's Ambassador to France.
Political and diplomatic career.
Lopès was born across the Congo River in Leopoldville (now Kinshasa), the capital of the Belgian Congo (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo). He received his primary education in Brazzaville and Bangui, then went to France in 1949 for his secondary and higher education. While there, he was a member of the Executive Committee of the Federation of Black African Students and was President of the Association of Congolese Students from 1957 to 1965. Returning to Congo in 1965, he was a history professor at the "Ecole normale supérieure d'Afrique Centrale" in Brazzaville from 1965 to 1966, then Director-General of Education from 1966 to 1968.
Under President Marien Ngouabi, Lopès was Minister of National Education from January 1969 until becoming Minister of Foreign Affairs in December 1971. He was included on the five-member Political Bureau of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in December 1972. Subsequently he was Prime Minister from 1973 to 1975. He visited China in early 1975, but could not meet with Chairman Mao Zedong because Mao was ill. Lopès and his government resigned following a meeting of the PCT Central Committee in December 1975, and Louis Sylvain Goma was appointed to replace him.
After working as political director of "Etumba" from 1975 to 1977, Lopès was reappointed to the government as Minister of Finance on 5 April 1977; he served in that position until Justin Lekoundzou was appointed to replace him in December 1980. Subsequently he worked at UNESCO as Assistant Director-General for Culture and Deputy Director-General for Africa from 1981 to 1998.
On 26 October 1998, Lopès presented his credentials as the Republic of Congo's Ambassador to France; while posted in Paris, he was additionally accredited as Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, and the Vatican City.
In 2002, Lopès was a candidate for the post of Secretary-General of La Francophonie, but he withdrew his candidacy under pressure on the night before the vote, which was held on 20 October 2002 and resulted in the unanimous election of Senegal's Abdou Diouf.
As a writer.
In addition to his distinguished political and diplomatic career, Lopès has earned distinction as a literary author. Perhaps his most acclaimed work is the satirical novel "Le Pleurer-rire" ("The Laughing Cry", 1982). Other works include the short-story collection "Tribaliques" ("Tribaliks," 1971), as well as the novels "La Nouvelle romance" (1975) and "Sans tam-tam" (1977). "Tribaliques" received the "Grand Prix Littéraire de l'afrique noire" in 1972, and in 1993 Lopès received the "Grand prix de la francophonie" for his entire body of work.

</doc>
<doc id="19811251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811251" title="Neohelix dentifera">
Neohelix dentifera

Neohelix dentifera is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811276" title="Istvan Gaal (soccer player)">
Istvan Gaal (soccer player)

Istvan Gaal was a Hungarian soccer player. In 1970, he moved to Canada and was signed by the Kitchener Kickers.
Overview.
The following season John Fischer, president of the Kickers, agreed to trade him to the Toronto Hungarians. However, instead of another player, Gaal was exchanged for a soccer ball.

</doc>
<doc id="19811287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811287" title="Floyd Chiffer">
Floyd Chiffer

Floyd John Chiffer (born April 20, 1956 in Glen Cove, New York) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who attended the University of California, Los Angeles. He played his entire career for the San Diego Padres, with his best year coming in 1982 when he appeared in 51 games, with a 2.95 ERA. On December 7, 1984, Chiffer was traded to the Minnesota Twins but never pitched in another major league game.
Chiffer is noteworthy for having been drafted three times in the Major League Baseball Draft in three different years, by three different teams, finally signing with the San Diego Padres after the 1978 draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19811302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811302" title="Cools">
Cools

Cools is a Dutch patronymic surname meaning "son of Cool", Cool being an archaic nickname for Nicholas. The name is particularly prominent in the Belgian province of Antwerp. People with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19811304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811304" title="Bobby Lamb (American football)">
Bobby Lamb (American football)

Robert Emory "Bobby" Lamb (born December 24, 1962 in Augusta, Georgia) is the head football coach of the Mercer University football team and the former head football coach of the Furman Paladins located in Greenville, South Carolina. He has filled the position since 2002. He resigned as coach in November 2010. The Paladins compete in the Football Championship Subdivision of Division I as members of the Southern Conference. Coach Lamb has a brother, Hal Lamb, that is an extremely successful Georgia High School football head coach and Athletic Director at Calhoun High School in Calhoun, Georgia.
Playing career.
Lamb attended Commerce High School in Commerce, Georgia, from 1978–81, where he played quarterback. He led the team to the 1981 AA State Championship and was named The Atlanta Journal-Constitution's AA Back of the Year. Lamb played quarterback for the Paladins, from 1982–85, where he was a two year starter. During Lamb's playing career the Paladins defeated three Division I-A teams: South Carolina (1982), Georgia Tech (1983), and NC State (1984 & 1985). In 1985 Lamb led the Paladins to the Southern Conference Championship, was named Southern Conference Player of the Year, and was a runner-up for the Division I-AA National Championship.
Coaching career.
Lamb began coaching as an assistant for the Paladins in 1986 and was the defensive ends coach on the 1988 team that won the I-AA National Championship. He became the quarterbacks coach in 1989, a position he would fill until taking over head coaching duties in 2002. In November 2010, he announced he was resigning at Furman after missing the playoffs 4 straight years.
On January 20, 2011, it was announced that Lamb will be the first modern head football coach for Mercer University, which will begin playing football in 2013 after the sport's 70-year absence from campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19811321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811321" title="Robert Quackenbush">
Robert Quackenbush

Robert Mead Quackenbush (born July 23, 1929) is an American author and illustrator of children's books. As of 1999, he had authored 110 books and illustrated 60 more. 
He has written about many historical figures, such as "Quick, Anne, Give Me a Catchy Line", a children's book about the life and works of Samuel F. B. Morse (inventor of the telegraph), and "Mark Twain? What Kind of Name Is That? : a story of Samuel Langhorne Clemens", published in 1984. 
His most widely known book, "Henry's Awful Mistake", published by Parents Magazine Press in 1980, is present in almost 900 US and Canadian libraries. 
Quackenbush was born in California and now lives in New York with his wife Margery, who is a director of the National Association for the Advancement of Psychoanalysis (NAAP).

</doc>
<doc id="19811362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811362" title="Ivo Brnčić">
Ivo Brnčić

Ivo Brnčić or Brnčič (13 March 1912 - May 1943) was a Yugoslav author, essayist and literary critic of Croat origin, particularly notable for his assessment of the midwar Slovene literature. Most of his works were published posthumously.
Biography.
Brnčić was born in the village of Gradišče, Ormož municipality, Lower Styria, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His father was an Austrian public servant from Croatia. His mother came from a notable Slovene left wing intellectual family: her brother was the writer Lojz Kraigher, and Ivo Brnčić's cousins were the Communist politicians Boris and Sergej Kraigher. After finishing the high school in Ljubljana, Brnčić enrolled at the University of Ljubljana, later switching to the University of Zagreb, where he studied Slavic philology. Because of his openly Marxist convictions, he could not find a job for a long time. He made his living mostly from writing and translating. In 1940, he got employed as a professor in an elementary school in Drniš, Croatia (then also part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia). 
During World War II, he was mobilized in the Croatian Home Guard. In 1942 he tried to escape and join the Yugoslav partisans. He was captured and imprisoned in Zenica, but was later acquitted of charges of desertion and mobilized again into the armed forces of the Independent State of Croatia. In May 1943, Brnčić escaped for the second time, but before he could join the partisans he was captured by the Chetniks, who killed him and buried in an unknown location.
Work and legacy.
Brnčić wrote several lyrical poems, short stories and theatre plays, but he is most known for his works in literary criticism and essayism. He became known mostly for his articles in journals, but he didn't publish a single book during his lifetime. Only in the 1950s, the literary historians Herbert Grün and Janko Kos edited his collected works. The first volume, which included his essays and critiques, was published in 1954 under the title "A Generation in front of the Closed Doors" (). This expression, used in one of his earlier essays from the 1930s, became a popular and widespread designation of the generation of left wing Slovenian authors in the 1930s and early 1940s who embraced a lyrical version of neorealism (notably Ciril Kosmač, Miško Kranjec, Ludvik Mrzel, Karel Destovnik Kajuh and others). 
Since the publication of his collected works in the 1950s, Brnčić has been frequently considered as the foremost theorist of the social realist and neorealist literary movements in Slovenia in the 1930s. His name has been strongly linked to the critical Marxist intellectual scene in the midwar period. Together with the left liberal Josip Vidmar and the Catholic France Vodnik, Brnčić was considered as the foremost Slovene literary critic of the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19811369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811369" title="Franz Antoine">
Franz Antoine

Franz Antoine (February 23, 1815, Paradeisgartel on the Löwelbastei – March 11, 1886) was an Austrian horticulturalist and gardener who was a native of Vienna.
From 1865 he was director of royal gardens to the Austrian/Austro-Hungarian monarchy. He was an authority on the botanical family Bromeliaceae, and was also an avid photographer. His photographs of still lifes, plants and scenes of Vienna were presented at exhibitions in Vienna (1864, 1873) and Paris (1867). Among his written works were the following:
His father Franz Antoine (the Elder) (1768-1834), was also a gardener to Austrian royalty.

</doc>
<doc id="19811371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811371" title="Allan Mackintosh">
Allan Mackintosh

Allan Roy Mackintosh, FRS (22 January 1936 – 20 December 1995) was a prominent English-born Danish physicist and a leading authority on magnetism and neutron scattering, especially in the rare-earth metals.
Mackintosh was known for his key role in stimulating solid-state physics research in Denmark and for his advocacy of international collaboration. Many of his former students now occupy leading academic and industrial posts in a variety of countries. As director of the Danish Atomic Energy Research Establishment from 1971 to 1976 he was a major force in Danish science policy and a prolific contributor to the public debate about nuclear power.
Mackintosh was born in 1936 in Nottingham, England and received his university education at the University of Cambridge (Bachelor of Arts as a scholar at Peterhouse College in 1957, Ph.D. in 1960). His doctoral research at Cambridge was carried out in the renowned Cavendish Laboratory under Sir Brian Pippard, where he investigated the Fermi surface of metals. 
On leaving Cambridge in 1960, he became Associate Professor of Physics at Iowa State University and worked in its Ames Laboratory for seven years. This is where he established himself as a leading expert on the fundamental electrical and magnetic properties of the newly purified group of elements, the rare-earth metals. 
During a 1966 sabbatical at the Riso National Laboratory in Denmark, Mackintosh discovered a technique to quantify the magnetic moments on an atomic scale using the newly constructed neutron spectrometer. His measurements of the spin waves in rare-earth metals marked a significant advance in the study of magnetism, for which he was awarded (jointly with Hans Bjerrum Møller) the prestigious Spedding Prize in 1986. 
In 1970 he became Professor of Experimental Solid State Physics at the University of Copenhagen, a chair he held until his death. From 1971 to 1976 he also served as Director of the Riso National Laboratory, and from 1986 to 1989 as Director of NORDITA (the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics), with its close connections to the Niels Bohr Institute. Mackintosh was also President of the Danish Physical Society from 1976 to 1979, and President of the European Physical Society from 1980 to 1982.
Long known for his careful yet lucid prose, Mackintosh's publication in 1991, with Jens Jensen, of "Rare Earth Magnetism", was a landmark in solid state physics and the book became a classic text. In the same year he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society. In Denmark, he was made a Knight of the Dannebrog Order. He was also a Fellow of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, the Danish Academy of Technical Sciences, the Royal Norwegian Scientific Academy, and the American Physical Society. Uppsala University awarded him an honorary doctorate of philosophy in 1980.
Mackintosh was also noted for a widely quoted 1988 article in "Scientific American" where he argued for wider recognition of John Vincent Atanasoff's key role as the inventor of the first electronic digital computer (the Atanasoff-Berry Computer).
He married the Danish-born Jette Stannow, whom he met in Cambridge, in 1958. The couple had one son, Paul Erik (born 1962), and two daughters, Anne Karen (born 1959) and Ida Alys (born 1964).
He died in 1995 in Roskilde, Denmark after a car accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19811377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811377" title="The Peaches">
The Peaches

The Peaches is a 1964 British short film, narrated by Peter Ustinov
In 1964 the film was the British choice for the Cannes Film Festival and is a sensual, surreal fantasy about a beautiful woman and her passion for peaches. The 15-minute story, which opens with a woman splayed on a bed rubbing her face with a ripe peach is a mostly forgotten piece of British 1960s Cinema. 
Directed by Michael Gill and written by Yvonne Gilan, his then wife, it stars Juliet Harmer as the Very Beautiful Girl, Tom Adams as The Boy Next Door, and is narrated by Peter Ustinov. It also features a cameo from a nine-year-old A. A. Gill, son of the director and writer, later to be the restaurant and TV critic of "The Sunday Times". 
The film charts the coming of age of this clever and beautiful girl and her fetish for fruit. In search of kindred spirits of like intellect, she goes to live in the city, but finds herself cleaning in "the Ministry". She then falls in love, and the peaches become less important as her love grows. Bizarrely she transfers her craving to pickled onions.
The film won several awards and made Michael Gill consider working in Hollywood. Instead he chose to remain at the BBC, where he later approached Sir Kenneth Clark to make the television series "Civilisation".
The film was funded by the BFI’s Experimental Film Fund, invented by Sir Michael Balcon, former head of Ealing Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19811382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811382" title="Xolotrema notata">
Xolotrema notata

Xolotrema notata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811402" title="Roman Lengyel">
Roman Lengyel

Roman Lengyel (born 3 November 1978 in České Budějovice) is a Czech footballer, currently playing for SK Dynamo České Budějovice.

</doc>
<doc id="19811472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811472" title="LORAN-C transmitter Nantucket">
LORAN-C transmitter Nantucket

Nantucket LORAN-C transmitter was a LORAN-C transmitter at Siasconset, Massachusetts. It was built in 1963 with a 625 ft tall mast radiator. It operated in conjunction with the LORAN-A station on Nantucket from 1963-1981. It was closed in February 2010 when the United States discontinued the Loran system, and the tower was taken down in May of 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19811482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811482" title="Haplotrema concavum">
Haplotrema concavum

Haplotrema concavum, the gray-footed lancetooth, is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Haplotrematidae.
Distribution.
The snail is native to the humid hardwood forests of eastern North America, from Southern Canada and the Great Lakes region, south through the Midwestern U.S. including eastern Nebraska and Oklahoma, and through the Southeastern United States, including the Gulf States. It is found along the Apalachicola River in western Florida and Georgia. 
"Haplotrema concavum" is found living in leaf litter near the base of trees, or under rotting logs. 
Feeding habits.
"Haplotrema concavum" is carnivorous species. It is known to be a predator for example on "Patera clarki nantahala".
Parasites.
Parasites of "Haplotrema concavum" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19811486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811486" title="Haplotrema vancouverense">
Haplotrema vancouverense

Haplotrema vancouverense, common name the robust lancetooth, is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Haplotrematidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811500" title="Manta Open">
Manta Open

The Manta Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Umiña Tenis Club in Manta, Ecuador, since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19811512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811512" title="Chuck Riley (Oregon politician)">
Chuck Riley (Oregon politician)

Chuck Riley (born 1939) is an American politician in the state of Oregon. A native of Illinois, he is former consultant and former Democratic legislator in the Oregon House of Representatives. He served three terms representing District 29 which includes Hillsboro, Forest Grove, and Cornelius in western Washington County. He was the Democratic Party nominee for District 15 in the Oregon State Senate in the 2010, losing to incumbent State Senator Bruce Starr.
Early life.
Chuck Riley was born in 1939 in Illinois where he grew up on his father’s farm. In 1957, he graduated from Mount Vernon High School in Mount Vernon before enrolling in college. He took some classes at the University of Illinois, majoring in mathematics, before enlisting in the United States Air Force in 1958. Riley remained in the Air Force until 1961 and spent some time at the Army Language School learning Russian. He later attended Southern Illinois University as an art major and worked for the school before moving to California where he worked at the Jet Propulsion Lab and for Santa Barbara County.
In 1979, he moved to Oregon and settled in Washington County west of Portland. He moved to Hillsboro in 1992 and worked for First Interstate Bank as a systems analyst. Riley also worked in the same position with Blue Cross of Oregon. He later ran his own computer consulting business. Riley is married to wife Katie Riley who teaches at Oregon Health & Sciences University, and they have four children. He enrolled at Portland State University where he majored in art.
Political career.
In 2000, Riley enter politics and ran for a seat on the Hillsboro City Council, losing to incumbent Karen McKinney. The following year he ran for a seat in the Oregon House of Representatives as a Democrat to represent District 29, running unopposed in the primary election. In the November general election he lost to Republican Mary Gallegos by a total of 434 votes. In May 2004, Riley defeated Elena Uhing in the Democratic primary for the same district. Riley then defeated Gallegos in the November 2004 election for the same seat.
In 2006, he faced off against Terry Rilling in the district that has more Democratic voters than Republicans. Riley won with 55% of the vote to Rilling’s 45% in the November election. In the 2007-08 Legislature, Riley was chairman of the Government Accountability and Information Technology Committee in the House. During the 2008 special session he also served on the Consumer Protection and the Workforce and Economic Development committees.
Riley faced Rilling again in the November 2008 election for the House seat after Republican primary winner Jeff Duyck was later declared ineligible. Duyck’s property spans two districts and the county elections office miscalculated where he was registered to vote and thus which seat he was eligible to run for. Politically, Riley supported Measure 50 in 2007 and Measure 49 in 2007, and is pro-choice on the issue of abortion. In 2009, he announced he would run for a seat in the Oregon State Senate in 2010, challenging incumbent Republican Bruce Starr in District 15. Riley lost to Starr, and in 2011 ran for a seat on the school board for Portland Community College, losing in May to Deanna Palm.

</doc>
<doc id="19811520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811520" title="Ketama">
Ketama

Ketama were a Spanish musical group in the New Flamenco tradition. Fusing flamenco with other musical forms (salsa, Brazilian music, reggae, funk, jazz), they created a style that lies somewhere between flamenco and pop salsa. Their music drew as much criticism as praise because purists did not like the change from traditional flamenco, but the group won over the young public. They continued to fuse other music in, and their 2002 album, "Dame la Mano", added hip hop and house music.
History.
Band formation.
Ketama was formed in Madrid in the early eighties, taking its name from a well-known valley in Morocco. The initial line-up featured José Soto Sorderita (guitar), Juan Carmona (guitar) and Ray Heredia (vocals). Each of the three come from great flamenco dynasties: the Heredias of Madrid, the Habichuelas of Granada and the Carmonas of Jerez. 
Heredia left the band shortly afterwards, and was eventually replaced by Antonio Carmona (lead singer) and José Miguel Carmona (guitar). The trio briefly became a quartet, but this was only for a short time, as José Soto Sorderita would leave Ketama a few records later. 
The group played salsero pop. However they added to their sound, and without ever leaving flamenco behind they incorporated a number of different musical genres into their music, mainly those arising from black roots, such as blues, jazz or the African kora, as well as funk, reggae and Brazilian music.
Their first work, "Ketama", was released in 1985, although it was recorded two years earlier. 
In 1987, "La Pipa de Kif" was released. The solo singing was still José Soto's responsibility, but in this record Antonio Carmona started to show the qualities that turned him into the band's undisputed leader. It is one of the works by Ketama that drew most acknowledgements and served to launch them at an international level. The record was mentioned in important newspapers like The Times and The International Herald Tribune, and in 1989 it came away with prizes for the best world music albums from prestigious international music magazines like New Musical Express and Folk Roots.
1990s.
"El arte de lo invisible" (1993) leaves fusion temporarily aside and recovers a more traditional sound. Thus, Ketama came to make the live record to which it owes the fame that it attained in Spain. Until then, although it was a successful band with an acknowledged reputation, it had not reached the public at large yet. 
"La Pipa de Kif" had a sequel in 1994, "Songhai 2". 
They earned international recognition with their third record, "Songhai", a fusion of flamenco with Danny Thompson and Toumani Diabate's African kora, which was praised in reviews in The Times and The International Herald Tribune. Nonetheless, their ultimate success was "De akí a Ketama", which was recorded live with the participation, among others, of Antonio Flores and Antonio Vega. It sold over a million copies, it spent a year in the Spanish hit parade, and won the Ondas award for Best Album (1995), Best Spanish Group (1996) and the Premio de la Música in the Best Song category in 1996 with the song "No estamos lokos". In the same year they contributed to the film Alma Gitana with two songs. 
"De akí a Ketama" (1995) represented a big push in terms of their economy and sales and it showed that the band's three members moved on the stage as comfortably as fish in water. Numerous artists participated, like El Potito, Chonchi Heredia, Antonio Vega, Antonio Flores and Juañares.
After "De akí a Ketama", the band tried to break away from their last record. It was conscious of the fact that it would be difficult to repeat such a big success but, at the same time, it did not want to be repetitive. The end product was "Konfusión" (1997), which achieved some good sales figures as well, without relinquishing their quality or the Ketama imprint. In 1998, the band won the Ondas award for the Best Album again, this time with Konfusión, which sold 300,000 copies.
Their sound.
Violins, an electric guitar, bass, piano, trumpet, trombone and sax can he heard playing alongside Ketama -which was still a quartet- in "Y es ke me han kambiao los tiempos" (1990). The time has come for the rumba and salsa, both of which are flamencoised in this record.
In these early records, it is already possible to appreciate a review of the legacy of their respective families, although they are still distant from the audacious developments that were to come, not long afterwards. In 1988, "Songhai" was released on the market, and its name was that of the court of the Mandinga empire (Sudan). Here, flamenco was blended with African music, Toumani Diabate's kora to be specific, alongside which African choruses, the guitar playing and voices of Ketama and Danny Thompson's folk-jazz double bass could be heard. 
The version of "Vente pa' Madrid" following the rhythm of the kora is indispensable. "Toma Ketama" arrived in 1999, following a compilation record that collected the best themes that they released between 1990 and 1997. "Toma Ketama" sounds more like a flamenco record than "Konfusión", although this does not mean that different influences like pop -which in reality had always been present-, blues or Latin rhythms are absent.
In 2002, Ketama went a step further and was so bold as to blend flamenco with rap, hip-hop and house music in "Dame la mano". This was the last release before their break-up began. In order not to leave anyone with a bad taste in their mouth, their farewell was accompanied by "20 pa' Ketama" (2004): twenty songs for their followers. With a selection of their best songs and few other new releases and surprises, the band put an end to their twenty-year professional and musical career.
Cinema.
In 1995, the band was responsible for the original soundtrack of the film "El efecto mariposa" (The butterfly effect), a Spanish film directed by Fernando Colomo. Their music was also heard in the film "Alma gitana", directed by Chus Gutiérrez and whose protagonist was Amara Carmona.
Source: esflamenco.com
Ketama also contributed to the AIDS benefit compilation album "" (1998) produced by the Red Hot Organization with "Dukeles".
The band today.
Their current members are Antonio Carmona (Vocals) José Miguel Carmona, Juan Carmona.

</doc>
<doc id="19811535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811535" title="Somebody Lied">
Somebody Lied

"Somebody Lied" is a country music song written by Joe Chambers and Larry Jenkins. First recorded by Conway Twitty on his 1985 album "Don't Call Him a Cowboy", it was later recorded by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton. Shelton's version was released in July 1987 as the third single from his debut album "Wild-Eyed Dream", as well as Shelton's first number-one single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19811560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811560" title="Ancotrema sportella">
Ancotrema sportella

Ancotrema sportella, common name the beaded lancetooth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Haplotrematidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811561" title="Massena Central High School">
Massena Central High School

Massena Central High School is a four-year public high school located in Massena, New York for students in grades 9 through 12. It is one of five schools, and the only high school, in the Massena Central School District. 
Massena Central has won numerous hockey championships.
State Champions: 1974, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982, 1993, 1995, 2008
Section X Champions: 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012
NAC Regular Season Champions: 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19811566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811566" title="Odersun">
Odersun

Odersun AG is a German company which develops and manufactures thin-film solar cells and modules on copper tape specifically for building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV).
Odersun employs more than 320 people in production, research and management in Frankfurt (Oder), Fürstenwalde (Spree) and Berlin, Germany. In cooperation with partner and investor AT&M, Odersun is setting up a joint venture in Beijing. On 1 June 2012, Odersun went into administration. 
Technology.
Solarmodules by Odersun AG are produced according to a proprietary and patented manufacturing process. These thin-film modules convert sunlight into electricity by the help of a thin layer of a Copper-Indium-Disulphide semiconductor which is deposited on copper tape. These are cut, interconnected and built into different forms of modules depending on their application (e.g. for facades, roofs, canopies or louvers).
Ranking.
The company topped the inaugural Guardian/Library House "CleanTech 100" list, which showcased the best in European clean technology companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19811627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811627" title="Stjepan Horvat">
Stjepan Horvat

Stjepan Horvat (November 29, 1895 – March 12, 1985) was a Croatian patriot, geodesist and professor, dean of the Technical Faculty in Zagreb, head of the University of Zagreb, editor of the journals "Geodetski list" and "Hrvatska državna izmjera", manager of the Department for State Survey in the Croatian Headquarters for Public Affairs, member of the State Land Consolidation Commission, colonel in the time of the Independent State of Croatia, adviser at the Military-Geography Institute in Argentina for 40 years and an honorary member of the Argentine Association of Geophysicists.
Life and career.
Horvat was born in Sremski Karlovci and he finished classical gymnasium in Vinkovci in 1915. He finished studies in geodesy at the University of Zagreb, where he later taught in the Technical Faculty. From 1944 to 1945 he was the university's rector.
In May, 1945 he escaped the communist regime in Yugoslavia with the fall of the Independent State of Croatia. He took the rector's chain with him on his departure from the country. He left the chain at the Pontifical Croatian College of St. Jerome in Rome for safekeeping during his time in Italy. The chain was originally a gift to the university by Emperor Franz Joseph I in 1877. Horvat emigrated to Argentina where he worked at the "Institutio Geográfico Militar Argentino".
After the arrival, more than 50 scientific papers of him were published by the IGM, Argentine Association of Geophysicists and Geodesists, Pan-American Institute for Geography and History and Direction for Geodesy of the Province of Buenos aires, beside many other papers published in his mother country. Horvat's research interests chiefly deal with the adjustment computation of geodetic nets,general as well as geodetic cartography, ellipsoid geometry, and the development of feasible methods for automatic computation. Horvat is noted as the first person to use hyperbolic functions to ease and simplify problems of numeric calculations in the field of geodetic cartography.
Horvat is also noted as an amateur musician - he wrote "Ave Maria", "Adoration of the Lord" (Croatian: "Odanost Gospodinu"), "Ode to the Death" (Croatian: "Oda Smrti") and numerous other highly complex Croatian compositions which were performed by the choir "Jadran" he instituted in Argentina. To the honour of Croatian archbishop and martyr Alojzije Stepinac he composed a mass "Beata Mariae Virginis". Mixed choir "Jadran" performed a concert in Rome in 1946 as "Concerto di Musiche Nationali Croate", conducted by Horvat who for this occasion harmonised ten folk songs from Bosnia—"Dalla fiera Bosnia", and six folk songs from his native Srijem—"I souni dell Oriente Croato". That concert received praise by music critics and was taped to a gramophone record.
He died in Buenos Aires on March 12, 1985 and was buried there. Argentine Association of Geophysicists proclaim him honorary member in 1979. During the 22nd Conference of Geophysicists and Geodesists held in Buenos Aires 6-11 September 2004, a memorial plate to Stjepan Horvat was revealed in the entrance space of the Military-Geography institute.
With democratic changes in Croatia in 1991, the Pontifical Croatian College of St. Jerome returned Horvat's chain to the university. The university rehabilitated Horvat from the Communist period and restored his rector's picture on November 3, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19811646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811646" title="Robert Lamb">
Robert Lamb

Robert Lamb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19811658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811658" title="Mick Jenkins (footballer)">
Mick Jenkins (footballer)

Mick Jenkins (born 22 October 1962) is an ex-professional footballer and former manager of Conference South side Bognor Regis Town.
Playing career.
Jenkins started off as a trainee at Portsmouth. His long association with Havant Town and Waterlooville saw him play for both sides as well as Bognor Regis Town. It was at Bognor Regis Town that Jenkins ended his career. The former defender was a year into his career as a player at Nyewood Lane, where he moved in 1994 after a long spell at Waterlooville, when he snapped his cruciate ligament. Bognor and Jack Pearce in particular stood by him and gave him time to recover and try to get fully fit again to rejoin the first-team squad. But the injury was too bad, and Jenkins had to abandon his attempts to get back into playing through the Sussex County League and go into coaching.
Management.
His first role was as assistant manager to Dick Semark at Fareham Town in 1996. They moved as a management team to Havant Town in 1997. When Dick Semark left in 1998, Jenkins continued as assistant manager under new manager Billy Gilbert. In 1998 Havant Town merged with Waterlooville to become Havant & Waterlooville and play at Havant Town's West Leigh Park ground.
Havant & Waterlooville.
After Billy Gilbert left Havant & Waterlooville, Jenkins and Liam Daish were appointed joint-managers in April 2000. Jenkins and Daish guided the Hawks to notable successes in the FA Cup where they reached the first round, the first and second of four occasions achieved by the club. In 2000–01, Havant & Waterlooville lost 2–1 at home to Southport of the Conference North, and 3–2 away to another Conference side, Dagenham & Redbridge in 2002–03. The 2002–03 season was also notable for the Hawks' FA Trophy run when Havant & Waterlooville 'giant-killed' Forest Green Rovers en route to the semi-final where Hawks lost 2-1 on aggregate to Tamworth. During a five-year stay in the Southern League Premier Division, Havant & Waterlooville's best season came in 2001–02, finishing third after leading the table during September. In the 2003-04 season the club struggled and this led to the pair being dismissed in January 2004. However the club recovered and finished 12th in the Southern League and qualified for a place in the re-structured Conference South.
Weymouth, Dorchester and Bognor Regis.
When Jenkins moved to Weymouth to work under former Portsmouth team mate Steve Claridge in January 2004, Shaun Wilkinson followed. Jenkins remained at Weymouth until May 2006. Shortly afterwards he took the manager's job at Dorchester Town in August 2006. Although he guided the Magpies to a 17th place finish in the Conference South and avoided relegation, this was not enough to stop him from being let go at the end of the season in June 2007 by a new shareholder. Jenkins then had a year off football until June 2008 when he was appointed manager of Bognor Regis Town. He resigned as manager on 3 January 2009.
Havant and Waterlooville and Winchester City.
After leaving Bognor Regis Town Jenkins became a director at Havant & Waterlooville. After Jim Fallon moved from A.F.C. Totton to become a director at Havant & Waterlooville Jenkins became assistant manager at Winchester City F.C. under Guy Butters in July 2012. “Wherever I’ve been in football I’ve worked with knowledgable people like Liam Daish at Havant, Steve Claridge at Weymouth, Steve Johnson at Dorchester and Andy Awford at Bognor and I see Guy in that mould,” said Jenkins. “I know him ever so well, going back to his Pompey playing days, and I look forward to working with him.”

</doc>
<doc id="19811659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811659" title="Paul Cresey">
Paul Cresey

Paul Cresey (born December 20, 1989) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, born in Edmonton, Alberta. Cresey has received national attention on the Canadian folk music scene and was nominated for Young Performer of the Year at the 2008 Canadian Folk Music Awards.
Biography.
Born in Edmonton, Alberta, Paul attended W. P. Wagner High School and is currently an Education student at the University of Alberta. Paul received his first acoustic guitar at the age of 10, but was unable to play it because it was right-handed. Frustrated, Paul did not take up the guitar again until age 12, when his family purchased him a left-handed guitar. After two years of lessons, Cresey began to work on finger-picking techniques and new strumming patterns and groomed his passion for folk music.
Cresey formed a two person acoustic guitar duo called The Lefties and subsequently joined a four person band called Four Leaf Clover (the name was not completely decided upon by all members). These bands performed mostly acoustic and classic rock cover songs. Cresey’s first on stage performance was not a success and left him unable to perform in front of an audience for quite some time. With some gentle prodding from friends and family, Cresey was able to take to the stage once again. The first gig that really sparked his interest in performing was at a Kenilworth Junior High School talent show in front of an audience of around 500 people.
Cresey has since pursued a solo career, and writes and performs all of his material at coffee houses and open stage performances. Not completely exclusive to Folk music, Cresey performs many other musical genres including rock, blues, Celtic and folk rock. Cresey’s influences include Gordon Lightfoot, Bob Dylan, Neil Young and Leonard Cohen among others. Cresey's voice has been compared to other artists like Dave Grohl and Jack Johnson. Initially Cresey found songwriting difficult however, his first song "The Letter" was the catalyst for his songwriting ability and he soon penned multiple other songs. He released his debut album "Piece the Picture" in October 2007, and it was widely received on Edmonton airwaves. The "Edmonton Journal" wrote, "It's a diverse album with blues, Celtic and pop-folk angles alongside the romantic balladry you might expect."
Cresey is also a featured musician in A Night of Artists. Cresey became a featured artist in the Under-22 Songwriters’ Circle on CKUA radio Alberta, received a nomination for Young Performer of the Year at the Canadian Folk Music Awards in St. John’s Newfoundland. Cresey is currently in the recording process of his third album.

</doc>
<doc id="19811666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811666" title="Orthalicus reses">
Orthalicus reses

Orthalicus reses, common name the Stock Island, Florida treesnail, is a species of large tropical air-breathing land snail, a tree snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae. It was first described in 1830 by the American naturalist Thomas Say. The holotype, a specimen probably collected in Key West, was subsequently lost. Over a hundred years later, in 1946, the American biologist Henry Augustus Pilsbry redescribed the species using a specimen from Stock Island. "Orthalicus reses" has two subspecies, "O. reses reses" and "O. reses nosodryas". The validity of these two taxa is still being discussed, but some experts argue that considering them as independent units may be important for management purposes.
The Stockland treesnail has a large conical shell (45 - 55  mm in length) with variable thickness, generally lighter and more translucent than other species of "Orthalicus". It is colored white to buff, with weakly developed spiral bands and several flame-like, purple-brown axial stripes. The subspecies "O. reses reses" and "O. reses nosodryas" can be distinguished from one another based on the different color patterns of the apical whorl, columella, and parietal callus.
The nominate subspecies "Orthalicus reses reses" is threatened; it lives on trees in hardwood hammocks habitat in Southern Florida, USA, specifically the Florida Keys.
Taxonomy.
"Orthalicus reses" is a species within the genus "Orthalicus", a group of large, arboreal pulmonate snails in the family Orthalicidae. The genus "Orthalicus" occurs primarily in Central and South America. Two species occur in North America, "Orthalicus reses" and "Orthalicus floridensis" Pilsbry, both of which are restricted to South Florida. The Stock Island tree snail ("Orthalicus reses") was first described by Thomas Say in 1830, based on a snail which was probably collected in Key West. That specimen was lost, and the species was later redescribed by Henry Augustus Pilsbry in 1946 using a snail collected from Stock Island.
"Orthalicus reses" has two subspecies:
It is generally thought that the two subspecies of "Orthalicus reses" do not interbreed due to anatomical incompatibility. However, Emmel and Perry (2004) recommended that if the two "Orthalicus reses" subspecies prove to be as genetically invariant as was observed in their study, the groups should be considered a single taxon or taxonomic unit. In that case, the nominate form, "Orthalicus reses reses", would prevail, and "Orthalicus reses nesodryas" would be demoted to a synonym instead of a valid subspecies. Emmel and Perry (2004) however asserted that the taxa “should continue to be considered as independent units for management purposes”.
Description.
"Orthalicus reses" is a snail with a large, conical shell that is approximately 45 to 55 mm in length. The thickness of the shell varies, but is usually more lightweight and translucent than other species of "Orthalicus". The external ground color of the shell is white to buff, with three poorly developed spiral bands and several flame-like purple-brown axial stripes that stop at the lower of the spiral bands. The axial stripes are typically narrower than their whitish interspaces and do not fork near the upper suture. There are two to three white apical whorls. The last whorl contains two to four darker brown growth-rest varices. The columella and parietal callus are white or faint chestnut brown.
The nominate subspecies "Orthalicus reses reses" is distinguished from the supposed subspecies "Orthalicus reses nesodryas" by the lighter color pattern of the apical whorl, columella, and parietal callus. These characteristics are chestnut-brown or darker in "Orthalicus reses nesodryas".
Distribution.
Henry Augustus Pilsbry suggested, in 1946, that "Orthalicus reses reses" arrived in Florida from Central America and the Caribbean shortly after the emergence of the Florida peninsula in the late Pleistocene. Snails that were sealed in place on floating tropical trees may have been cast ashore on the Florida peninsula by high winds and hurricanes. This form of dispersal has been suggested for both "Orthalicus" and "Liguus", but the exact origin of these species is still in question. In 1972, Craig suggested that populations of "Orthalicus" arrived directly across the Gulf of Mexico from Central America, but the mode of transportation and whether dispersal occurred as a single event or multiple events was not known. No one knows when "Orthalicus reses reses" arrived in the Lower Keys.
Historically, the Stock Island tree snail was believed to have a very limited distribution, being found only in tropical hardwood hammocks on Stock Island and Key West; although it may have been found in other hammock areas in the Lower Keys. The distribution has since been artificially extended by collectors, who have introduced them to Key Largo and the southernmost parts of mainland Florida. "Orthalicus reses nesodryas" has a broader range, occurring throughout the Florida Keys from Sugarloaf Key north. "Orthalicus floridensis" is the only "Orthalicus" species to occur naturally on the mainland, and is also found in the Keys. This species is known to occur in the National Key Deer Refuge.
Behavior.
"Orthalicus reses reses" snails are active mainly during the wet season, i.e. May through November, during which time breeding, feeding, and dispersal takes place. Dry periods (December through April) are spent in aestivation, during which time the snail forms a tight sealed barrier between the aperture and a tree trunk or branch. Snails secrete this mucus seal (an epiphragm) that cements their shell to a tree in order to protect them from desiccation during the dry period. Snails may come out of aestivation briefly to feed during dry-season rains, and also may go into aestivation during summer dry spells.
Ecology.
Habitat.
Originally, "Orthalicus reses" occurred exclusively in hardwood hammocks of the Keys. "Orthalicus reses" survives best in hammocks with smooth-barked native trees that support relatively large amounts of lichens and algae. In the Florida Keys, "Orthalicus" is limited to the higher portions of the islands that support hammock forests (minimum elevations of 5 to 11 feet).
Lower Keys hammocks consist of thick forests of tropical trees and shrubs which grow in limestone, marl, and calcareous sand soils. Canopy trees include black ironwood ("Krugiodendron ferreum"), gumbo limbo ("Bursera simaruba"), Jamaican dogwood ("Piscidia piscipula"), mahogany ("Swietenia mahagoni"), pigeon plum ("Coccoloba diversifolia"), poisonwood ("Metopium toxiferum"), and strangler fig ("Ficus aurea"). Hammock understory contains torchwood ("Amyris elemifera"), milkbark ("Drypetes diversifolia"), wild coffee ("Psychotria nervosa"), marlberry ("Ardisia escallonioides"), stoppers ("Eugenia" sp.), soldierwood ("Colubrina elliptica"), crabwood ("Gymnanthes lucida"), and velvetseed ("Guettarda scabra").
Larger trees are more likely to support more "Orthalicus reses reses" snails than smaller trees, probably because they provide the snails with an increased surface area for foraging. It is not known if "Orthalicus reses reses" prefer certain tree types or species; however, Voss (1976) suggested tree snails generally prefer trees with smooth bark rather than trees with rough bark, because it would require less energy to crawl over smooth bark. Voss also believed "Orthalicus reses reses" would prefer smooth bark because it would make it easier for them to form a secure mucous seal when they were aestivating, resulting in lower mortalities from dehydration or accidental dislodgement.
"Orthalicus reses reses" snails are entirely arboreal except when they move to the forest floor for nesting or traveling. Hammocks that contain well-developed soils or leaf litter are important for nesting activity and dispersal. Essential factors affecting food availability are the light intensity and moisture content of the hammock habitat.
No data are available on minimal hammock size needed to support a viable population of tree snails. Suitable habitat would have to include an area large enough to provide for foraging and nesting requirements, as well as provide for the microclimate (air temperature and humidity) needed by the "Orthalicus reses reses". Preferences for edge or interior hammock have been observed in "Liguus" populations on Lignumvitae Key. Age-class differences were seen where older individuals were found in the central mature hammock, while younger individuals were found more often along the edges of the hammock. Tuskes (1981) suggested this may be an adaptation of younger snails to move to the edge to escape competition from older snails. It is not known whether "Orthalicus reses reses" prefer interior or edge hammock areas. Recent surveys of snails in the Key Largo populations have shown higher numbers of snails along the edge of the hammock than in the interior, but this result may be affected by the differences in visibility during surveying.
Feeding habits.
Little is known about the feeding habits or food preferences of "Orthalicus reses reses". They feed on epiphytic growth on hardwood tree trunks, branches, and leaves. Likely food items include a variety of fungi, algae, and lichens found on many of the native hammock trees. "Mixobacteria" and some small mites may serve as a secondary food source.
The rate at which individuals of "Orthalicus reses reses" grow is dependent upon the availability of food, and how quickly their food is replenished after being grazed. Regrowth of the epiphytes is affected by the light intensity and moisture (canopy density and climate) of the hammock habitat.
Feeding can occur at any time during the day or night, with peak feeding activity occurring from late afternoon through the night to mid-morning and during or immediately after rainfall. When they are active, "Orthalicus reses reses" often follow a random twisting path that covers the entire bark surface, but they will move in a straight line if the surface moisture is abundant.
Life cycle.
"Orthalicus reses reses" snails are hermaphroditic, and cross-fertilization is common. "Liguus" individuals are able to locate each other by following mucus trails, and "Orthalicus reses reses" likely do the same. They mate and nest in late summer and early fall during the wettest part of the rainy season. They lay approximately 15 eggs per clutch in a cavity that is dug into the soil humus layer, usually at the base of a tree, and take anywhere from 24 to 105 hours to deposit their eggs. The presence of this humus layer is essential for egg laying.
The eggs hatch during the onset of the rains the following spring. Upon hatching, the juvenile snails immediately proceed to climb adjacent trees. Most nesting snails appear to be approximately 2 to 3 years old and are estimated to live for up to 6 years, with 2.11 years being the mean age for the Stock Island population at the time of Deisler's study (1987). Tree snail age can be estimated by counting the number of dark "suture-like" lines resulting from pigment deposition during long dry spells (the dry season).
Interaction with other snails in the genus.
Emmel and Perry (2004) believed there to be shifts in the relative abundances of the three "Orthalicus" taxa in the Keys. In the past, "Orthalicus floridensis" was the most common and widespread of the three, whereas subsequent to 2000, Emmel and Perry (2004) considered the "Orthalicus floridensis" to be the rarest. This situation results partly from the translocations that bolstered "Orthalicus reses reses" distribution and allowed them to avoid extinction, but probably also reflects actual declines in "Orthalicus floridensis" populations over time. "Orthalicus reses reses" now occur in sympatry with their congeners in several locations. The observations of Emmel and Perry (2004) suggested that translocated "Orthalicus reses reses", all of which are outside the historic range, perform as well or better than congeners in those places where they overlap.
Population biology.
The abundance and range of "Orthalicus reses reses" declined throughout the 20th century. Rigorous estimates of "Orthalicus reses reses" numbers are not known for any population. "Orthalicus reses reses" status is currently assessed by the numbers of discrete populations that are known. Accordingly, potential trend information only includes observations of whether various populations continue to persist. However, for most populations, even the area occupied is poorly defined. As of 2006, a tabulation of all well-known and poorly documented sites indicated that "Orthalicus reses reses" occupied approximately 25 sites in the Florida Keys (Monroe County) and two sites on the mainland (Miami-Dade County).
However, for many of those sites, even confirmation as to whether "Orthalicus reses reses" persists in recent years is lacking. Survey and monitoring efforts have been limited and highly variable, and methodologies are usually not reported in detail. Whereas "Orthalicus reses reses" occupies more sites at present than in the recorded past, the total area occupied remains unknown, as are trends in abundance and demographics. Overall, however, the "Orthalicus reses reses" population status appears to be more secure than when it was listed, due to the widespread translocations that occurred subsequently.
"Orthalicus reses reses" no longer occupies the Key West Botanical Forest and Garden. In contrast, many populations exist on Key Largo, well beyond "Orthalicus reses reses" historic range, as a result of relocations by shell collectors. The majority of relocations had occurred by the late 1990s. These were largely carried out by private hobbyists, who sought to thwart extinction. However, these actions were poorly documented, and were subsequently poorly monitored. One clear trend is that Key Largo has accumulated more populations than the Lower Keys.
Conservation.
"Orthalicus reses reses" is listed as threatened on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species, since 2 August 1978. It was originally listed as "Orthalicus reses". However, "Othalicus reses" comprises two recognized taxa, and only "Orthalicus reses reses" is threatened. In the time of listing, the Florida Game and Fresh Water Fish Commission favored listing, since intensive development has reduced the range to Stock Island. Leslie Hubricht and Alan Solem supported listing. Solem believed that collecting or expansion of tourist facilities could have drastic effects. The primary threat to "Orthalicus reses reses" at the time of listing was habitat loss due to development. Additional threats include pesticides, hurricanes, vegetation trimming along utility corridors, over-utilization of the habitat areas, and non-native predators. Trends in those threats are continuing at the same level, except for predation, the threat level for which is unknown. The population trend is unknown in 2009.
The recovery criteria largely pertain to habitat, in particular a minimum number of sites (four) and habitat stability for those sites in the Lower Keys. However, only one Lower Keys site is currently occupied by a persistent population, whereas more populations and larger numbers of "Orthalicus reses reses" occur at various sites in the Upper Keys. In the Lower Keys, the No Name Key population is the only one that persists in natural surroundings and generally appears to be viable. Accordingly, the criteria do not reflect the best available and most up-to-date information on the biology of the species because they treat the Lower Keys as the only area to conduct reintroductions and otherwise achieve recovery for "Orthalicus reses reses". Moreover, significant threats in addition to habitat loss have emerged, and these are not adequately addressed in the recovery criteria.
References.
This article incorporates public domain work of the United States Government from references.

</doc>
<doc id="19811678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811678" title="Mick Jenkins">
Mick Jenkins

Mick Jenkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19811681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811681" title="Mersudin Ahmetović">
Mersudin Ahmetović

Mersudin Ahmetović (born March 19, 1985 in Tuzla) is a Bosnian footballer who last layed for Salyut Belgorod.
Personal life.
Ahmetović's look bears a strong resemblance to that of famous Swedish forward Zlatan Ibrahimović who is partly of Bosnian ethnicity himself, they also share a similar style of play.

</doc>
<doc id="19811692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811692" title="Clinical Genitourinary Cancer">
Clinical Genitourinary Cancer

Clinical Genitourinary Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by CIG Media Group (Cancer Information Group). The journal publishes articles on detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of genitourinary cancers. The main emphasis is on recent scientific developments in all areas related to genitourinary cancers. Specific areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches, drug sensitivity and resistance, gene and antisense therapy; pathology, markers, and prognostic indicators, chemoprevention strategies, multimodality therapy, and integration of various approaches. The journal was previously published as "Clinical Prostate Cancer" through September 2005.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Clinical Genitourinary Cancer" indexed in Index Medicus/Pubmed, EMBASE Excerpta Medica, ISI Current Contents, CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature), Chemical Abstracts, and Journal Citation Reports.
Article types.
The journal publishes editorials, original research papers, comprehensive reviews, current treatment reports, case reports, brief communications, current trials, translational medicine pieces, and a "Meeting Highlights" section.

</doc>
<doc id="19811727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811727" title="Peter Madden (gang leader)">
Peter Madden (gang leader)

Peter "Punk" Madden (fl. 1910-1914) was an American thief, gang leader and labor racketeer allied with Philip "Pinchy" Paul during the first "Labor Slugger War" against Joseph "Joe the Greaser" Rosenzweig and Benjamin "Dopey Benny" Fein.
In June 1914, Madden was arrested for his suspected involvement in a street mugging. His arrest taking place shortly after midnight, he successfully escaped custody twice before finally being returned in the prison attached to the Yorkville Court at the end of the day. It was during one of these escapes that he visited the office of District Attorney Charles S. Whitman in which he claimed he was not being given a ""square deal"" by police and asked for protection. He made another, and this time successful, escape attempt from The Tombs three months later.
Escape.
On June 17, 1914, Madden was arrested for complicity in the mugging of a Mrs. Artha Ingram, a collector for the Phips Model Tenements, near her office at East 31st Street. He was taken in by police, matching the description given by the victim, and identified by Ingram as one of the three attackers. He was taken to Yorkville Court by the arresting detective for trial where he pled not guilty. The detective then left Madden in a temporary detention room while he left to fill out paperwork for the prisoner's pedigree and when he returned two minutes later Madden had disappeared. There were two exits in the room, one past the complaint room where the detective was and the other through the courtroom, however no one saw Madden use either of these exits. Although several theories were later suggested, Madden himself refused to say.
He remained missing for over two hours before arriving at the District Attorney's office and approached Lloyd Willis, a secretary for District Attorney Charles S. Whitman, explaining he had walked from the courthouse and asked for protection from the police who were trying to ""frame him up"". He admitted he had been in the area where the mugging took place and had heard from bystanders that a woman had lost her purse, but denied his involvement. Madden was given assurances by Assistant District Attorney Aaron J. Conlon that he would receive a fair trial and sent for police to escort him back Yorkville for trial.
Madden was apparently angered believing his confidence was betrayed and that he was imprisoned despite his innocence. Once back at the courthouse, he was allowed to use the washroom. The only other exit was a high window guarded by a heavy iron grating and spikes which covered six or eight inches from the top of the window and nearly ten feet from the floor. Madden was able to escape the room by opening up the window slightly, shinnying up a water pipe and sliding over the top of the sash and the points of the spikes. Once outside, he found himself on the roof of the women's detention center and climbed over the heavy wire screening where he dropped 15 feet to the ground. This was the private corridor where the magistrate entered the court building. He then left the corridor, down a winding staircase, and escaped though a side door where he proceeded down 57th Street towards Third Avenue.
In the meantime, the alarm had been raised when court officials had found Madden had disappeared. It was at that moment that Morris W. Reedy, an officer for the Department of Corrections and captain of its steamship the "Josephine Whitney", had spotted Madden leaving the building. He immediately alerted police and detectives, then franticly searching the courthouse, and began chasing Madden. They pursued Madden all the way down to Third Avenue, who managed to dodge a speeding car, before being caught by two detectives as Madden ran towards 56th Street. Madden was taken back once again, arraigned and held on a $5,000 bail.
Sent to The Tombs, he was tried in another mugging with John Ryan who were both charged with stealing the wallet of a William Beard in Madison Square on June 25. The wallet contained only $1, however he and Ryan were charged with grand larceny. On September 10, he and Ryan were handcuffed together and marched with ten other prisoners from The Tombs and across the Bridge of Sighs to the nearby Criminal Courts Building. Under the charge of two deputy sheriffs, the party were met the two arresting detectives who noticed Madden's absence discovered that Madden was missing. Finding Ryan alone, he explained that Madden had escaped while crossing the bridge. However, authorities believed Madden had slipped away down one of the two unguarded stairways while the prisoners were marched through the second floor of the Criminal Courts Building. A request had been made by one of the officials earlier that year for gates to be placed at the stairways in order to prevent escape.

</doc>
<doc id="19811747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811747" title="Shanghai Pinghe School">
Shanghai Pinghe School

Shanghai Pinghe School （or Shanghai Pinghe Bilingual School, Chinese: 上海平和学校、上海市平和双语学校）is a private boarding school in Shanghai, China The school is located in JinQiao, Pudong. The school consists of an elementary school department (Grades 1 - 5), a middle school department (Grades 6 - 9), a high school International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme (Grades 10 - 12) and an International Curriculum department (Grades 1-9).
History and present.
Shanghai Pinghe School, an independent and private boarding school in Shanghai, was established in September, 1996. Pinghe is now operated and owned by Shanghai JinQiao (Golden Bridge) Group Ltd, a state-owned enterprise. The school offers Grade 1 - Grade 12 education and has an International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme.
The campus was originally designed by Canadian designer team. Pinghe has Elementary, Middle School, IB High School and International Program departments. The total enrollment of the school is 1,500 students which includes more than 260 international students from United States, Japan, Korea (Republic of), Italy, Canada, Singapore, United Kingdom, Taiwan, Hong Kong (S.A.R.) and Macau (S.A.R.) etc.
Accreditations include: the IB World School, Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation; North Central Association of Colleges and Schools; and Bilingual School in Shanghai (by Shanghai Municipal Education Commission) 
Campus.
Teaching facility.
Pinghe School has a total area of 24,770 m2 with a building area of 38,005 m2. There are 4 libraries, 3 computer labs, a theater with 150 seats, one indoor gym,one indoor swimming pool, a 250-m track, and a dining hall with 800 seats on campus. Three classroom buildings on campus: main (elementary department), middle school and high school. All classrooms inside these buildings are equipped with overhead projectors. The high school building, in use after September 2004, includes two physics labs, an assembly hall, an English-language library, offices and classrooms.
Dormitories.
The newest building on campus is the Dormitory Complex which was finished in 2005. It includes a high rise for high school students and teaching faculty and a 4-story building which is for students in middle school. The other dormitory is connected to the main building which is only for elementary department. Dorms are usually single gender with the exception of Grade 1's.
Departments.
High School.
The high school department offers only International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme to students. The high school was established in 2002 and officially accredited by International Baccalaureate Organization in 2003. The school has successfully finished its first 5-year evaluation. The official school code is 001458 from International Baccalaureate Organization.
The school offers following subjects:
International Division.
With an eclectic mix of students from over 40 countries including Australia, Canada, Greece, Japan, India, Netherlands, New Zealand, South Korea, Spain, Turkey, USA, and UK, Pinghe School International Department builds a feeling of a "world community". The staff is equally diverse, and shares a passion for high expectations and global tolerance. A secular-based education is taught with elements of curriculum drawn from USA, UK, Singapore, Hong Kong, and Canada. The International Division has classes from grade 1 (aged 5/6) to grade 9 (aged 13/14). People with Chinese disabilities will learn in a lower grade. The same goes with English. The school website in English is http://www.shphschool.com/english/phintro.htm
School Activities.
The school offers a wide variety of extracurricular activities. Activities include Model United Nations (MUN), community service, TV Station, Radio Station, Associated Students Body, Newspaper, Roots and Shoots, Volvo Adventure, etc.
Famous Alumni.
Yabin, Lu

</doc>
<doc id="19811758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811758" title="Étoile Carouge FC">
Étoile Carouge FC

Étoile Carouge FC is a Swiss football team based in Carouge which was founded in 1904. It currently plays in the Swiss 1. Liga Promotion. It played in top division during periods of 1923-1933, 1934-1935, 1977-1978 and 1997-1998. 
Carouge had survived several seasons in the second tier of Swiss football, the Challenge League, until the 2011–12 season. Due to restructuring of the Swiss Football League, it was announced that the bottom 6 teams of the 10 team division would be relegated to a newly formed division in 2012, rather than the usual two teams being relegated. Carouge finished four points from safety, and were relegated to the 1. Liga Promotion.
Players.
Note:data updated on April 14, 2011 Source ASF Swiss Football Association

</doc>
<doc id="19811791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811791" title="Daedalochila auriculata">
Daedalochila auriculata

Daedalochila auriculata is a species of air-breathing land snails, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811801" title="Martin Horák">
Martin Horák

Martin Horák (born 16 September 1980) is a Czech footballer currently without a contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19811835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811835" title="Daedalochila uvulifera">
Daedalochila uvulifera

Daedalochila uvulifera, common name the peninsula liptooth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811867" title="Two Mountains">
Two Mountains

Two Mountains is the English rendering of "Deux Montagnes", and can represent

</doc>
<doc id="19811873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811873" title="You Make Me Feel (AnnaGrace song)">
You Make Me Feel (AnnaGrace song)

"You Make Me Feel" is the debut single released by the Belgian duo Annagrace, formerly known as Ian Van Dahl. It was released in Belgium on June 23, 2008 and then in the United States on August 26. The track reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Dance Airplay chart in its October 25, 2008 issue.
The track was given a digital only release in the UK at the beginning of 2009 through Hard2Beat Records, which included a new "UK Radio Edit", but it failed to make an impact on the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19811889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811889" title="Moscow metropolitan area">
Moscow metropolitan area

Moscow metropolitan area () or Moscow capital region () is the largest metropolitan area in Russia and Europe, with population of about 15 million people. It consists of city of Moscow and parts of Moscow Oblast.
Also the Russian term Moscow region ( - "Moskovsky region") or Moscow and the Oblast () is used in meteorology, geography, aviation, transport, broadcasting, telecommunications, business, etc. for describing of the whole territory of "both Moscow Oblast and the city of Moscow". In politics, government, organizations and small business, according to the Constitution of Russia, there are two separated federal subjects of Russia with their governments, parliaments and own law. "De jure" there is no united Moscow region.
Structure of Moscow metropolitan area.
Moscow metropolitan area includes the city of Moscow, a ring of cities annexed to it and administered within (Balashikha, Korolyov, Krasnogorsk, Khimki, Mytishchi and Zelenograd), as well as large nearby towns with population of over 100,000 citizens (Reutov, Zheleznodorozhny, Podolsk and Lubertsy, to name a few) that fall under regional administration.
Administratively, all those towns are a part of the Moscow Oblast. The metropolitan area has thus no coordinated administration structures.

</doc>
<doc id="19811891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811891" title="Polygyra cereolus">
Polygyra cereolus

Polygyra cereolus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811896" title="Joe Stillman">
Joe Stillman

Joseph Stillman is an American television and movie writer, producer and director.
Before becoming a screenwriter he worked for several TV shows like "Beavis and Butt-Head", "King of the Hill", "Doug" and "The Adventures of Pete & Pete".
Stillman first screen credits were on "" and his second on "Shrek", both for DreamWorks. His most recent credits are on "Planet 51" for TriStar and "Gulliver's Travels" for 20th Century Fox.
He is currently working on an upcoming film "Alien Zoo", a live-action/CG animated comedy for Warner Bros..

</doc>
<doc id="19811902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811902" title="Anne Murray's Christmas Album">
Anne Murray's Christmas Album

"Anne Murray's Christmas Album" is the seventh Christmas album by Canadian country-pop artist Anne Murray. The album was released on October 7, 2008 through Manhattan Records and features ten previously released Christmas song and five new recordings. 

</doc>
<doc id="19811907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811907" title="GEMAX Open">
GEMAX Open

The MT:S Open powered by Sony Ericsson (known until 2009 as the GEMAX Open) was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It was held annually at the Tennis Club Gemax in Belgrade, Serbia, starting in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19811916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811916" title="Polygyra septemvolva">
Polygyra septemvolva

Polygyra septemvolva is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19811921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811921" title="Francis Higgins (soccer)">
Francis Higgins (soccer)

Francis Higgins was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the American Soccer League and an unknown number in the Southern New England Soccer League.
Higgins’ career details are sketchy. He appears to have spent most of it with teams based in Fall River, Massachusetts. In April 1920, he backstopped the Fall River Rovers of the Southern New England Soccer League in a 2-1 loss to Fore River in the 1920 National Challenge Cup semifinals. In 1922, he signed with the Fall River Marksmen of the American Soccer League. That season he split time in the goal with Tommy Whalen. It is unknown what teams he played for from 1923 to 1925. In 1925, he signed with the New Bedford Whalers. He played only five games before leaving the team and league.

</doc>
<doc id="19811940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811940" title="Speeders Fight Back">
Speeders Fight Back

Speeders Fight Back is a nontraditional court show on TruTV that began airing in the fall of 2008 and is a spin-off of "Speeders".
Offending motorists that were shown on the original "Speeders" show challenge the officers that pulled them over and take their cases to the Oak Lawn, Illinois courthouse in front of Mayor and Judge David Heilman (as of the second season). From there, the said individuals use visual aids, alibis, emotional and offbeat excuses to get out of their traffic tickets. New episodes aired on October 1, 2009.
The first season of "Speeders Fight Back" took place at the Broward County, Florida courthouse with Chief Magistrate Brenda Di Ioia as the magistrate. The first season of the show is actually real. The Magistrate, the officers, the defendants and the court personnel are all actual. There are no scripts. In fact, the production company taped entire court sessions for 4 months from beginning to end then selected the ones they wanted to air.
The second season with the Mayor was scripted and contained some actors who played part of his court staff.
See also.
Developed by Joseph P. Johnson, a retired NYC Police Officer who is also an associate producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19811969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811969" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T11

The Women's 200m T11 had its first round held on September 15, beginning at 11:26 and the A and B Finals were held on September 16 at 17:25.

</doc>
<doc id="19811973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811973" title="Brader">
Brader

Brader may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19811980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811980" title="List of Crown Court venues in England and Wales">
List of Crown Court venues in England and Wales

In the system of courts of England and Wales, the Crown Court deals with serious criminal charges and with less serious charges where the accused has elected trial at the Crown Court instead of trial at a magistrates' court. The Crown Court also hears appeals against conviction and sentence from magistrates. There are 91 locations in England and Wales at which the Crown Court regularly sits. Crown Court centres are designated in one of three tiers: first-tier centres are visited by High Court judges for criminal and also for civil cases (in the District Registry of the High Court); second-tier centres are visited by High Court judges for criminal work only; and third-tier centres are not normally visited by High Court judges. High Court judges hear 2% of cases at the Crown Court, but 27% of the most serious (Class 1) cases. Circuit Judges and Recorders sit at all three tiers, hearing 88% and 10% of the cases respectively. When the Crown Court is conducting a trial, the judge sits with a jury of twelve; when hearing appeals against decisions of a Magistrates Court, the judge sits with two (or sometimes four) magistrates. 
The Crown Court system was established by the Courts Act 1971, which came into force on 1 January 1972, following the recommendations of a Royal Commission chaired by Lord Beeching. Previously, criminal cases that were not dealt with by magistrates were heard by Assize courts and Quarter Sessions courts, in a system that had changed little in the preceding centuries. The Crown Court system is administered by Her Majesty's Courts Service, an Executive Agency of the Ministry of Justice. England is divided into six regions by HMCS (London, Midlands, North East, North West, South East and Western), with the whole of Wales forming a seventh region.
Section 78 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 provides that the Crown Court can conduct business at any location in England and Wales, in accordance with directions given by the Lord Chancellor. This power is sometimes used to enable court sittings to take place away from one of the regular Crown Court venues. For example, in 2007, a sitting of the Crown Court was held at one of the oldest court buildings in England or Wales, the former courthouse in Beaumaris, Anglesey, which was built in 1614 and closed in 1997.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19811984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19811984" title="Switch (Switch album)">
Switch (Switch album)

 
Switch is the first album by R&B band, Switch, released in 1978. It is also their first on the Motown subsidiary Gordy. After recording as White Heat and Hot Ice, this gave them the commercial breakthrough they desired with hits like "There'll Never Be" and "I Wanna Be Closer".

</doc>
<doc id="19812015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812015" title="Breder">
Breder

Breder is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19812020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812020" title="The Pied Piper of Hamelin (1957 film)">
The Pied Piper of Hamelin (1957 film)

The Pied Piper of Hamelin is an American ninety-minute musical film in color, originally made as a television special and first shown by NBC on November 26, 1957, as their Thanksgiving Day offering for that year. It preempted that evening's telecasts of "Tic Tac Dough", "You Bet Your Life", and "Dragnet". Based on the famous poem of the same name by Robert Browning and using the music of Edvard Grieg arranged by Pete King with special lyrics by Hal Stanley and Irving Taylor, it starred Van Johnson, Claude Rains (in his only singing and dancing role), Lori Nelson, Jim Backus, and Kay Starr. It was directed by Broadway veteran Bretaigne Windust. In a direct nod to Browning's poem, nearly all of the dialogue in "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" was written in rhyme, much of it directly lifted from the poem.
Unusually for a made-for-TV family special of the era, it was not presented live but on actual motion picture film, and the color process used was not NBC's usual "living color", but three-strip Technicolor, which had previously been used on television only in the one-hour science specials "Our Mr. Sun" and "Hemo the Magnificent". Theatrical prints, however, erroneously bill the film as having been made in Eastman Color.
The program was successful enough to be repeated in 1958 and then syndicated to many local stations, where it was rerun annually for many years, in the tradition of other holiday specials. The film was briefly released to movie theatres in 1966, where it did not fare nearly as well.
Years later, Van Johnson's performance as the Pied Piper was still so fondly remembered that he played a Piper-like criminal called "The Minstrel" on the 1966 TV series "Batman".
Plot summary.
The Pied Piper (Van Johnson) is first spotted working magic in Hamelin by a disabled boy, Paul, and playing his signature tune "In the Hall of the Mountain King". Paul tells his best friend, the schoolteacher Truson (="true son"), also played by Johnson, but Truson is skeptical.
The town of Hamelin has entered a competition in order to win a banner from the King. To this end, the Mayor (Claude Rains) exhorts the people to work incessantly, even the children, to the extent that they are denied school and play. Truson protests, but his protests go unheeded by the arrogant Mayor. As part of a competition between several villages, the Mayor and his cabinet plan to construct golden chimes to impress the King's Emissary, who is due to pay a visit to Hamelin. But their efforts are temporarily halted when the town is invaded by rats, which have fled the neighboring city of Hamelout after the Weser River flooded and destroyed the town. 
It is then that the Piper magically appears before the Mayor and his councilors. (He can appear inside the council room although the door is bolted.) Asking to be paid all the money in the town's treasury, (fifty-thousand guilders) he offers to rid the town of the rats. An unusual element is introduced into the story here: whenever the Piper plays a happy tune for the children, only Truson and the children can hear it. When he plays "In the Hall of the Mountain King" and leads the rats to their doom in the river, the children quickly fall asleep and only the material-minded adults such as the Mayor, but not Truson, can hear the music.
The Piper rids the town of the rats, but rather than simply paying him, the Mayor and his Cabinet attempt to use legal pettifoggery to trick him into an agreement whereby he must deposit a certain amount of money as a guarantee that the rats will not return, and if they do he must return the rest of the money that he has been paid. Furious, the Piper leaves without his money, and the Mayor plots to use the gold to construct the chimes. Truson, who is in love with the Mayor's daughter Mara (Lori Nelson) is thrown in jail for speaking out against this injustice. The Mayor plans to marry off Mara to the King's Emissary (Jim Backus), but at this point, the Piper takes his revenge. Playing a happy variation on "In the Hall of the Mountain King", he leads the children of Hamelin away and into a beautiful kingdom concealed by a cave which magically opens to let the children in. But Paul is accidentally left behind, after he falls while trying to catch up with the other children and the cave closes before he can pass through.
The rest of the plot concerns the resolution of the Truson-Mara love story, the attempts of the adults to bring back the children, and the townsfolk and the Mayor. A happy ending showing the Piper's forgiveness and his returning of the children was added to the story in order to keep the program a family special.
Differences from poem.
The poem's storyline was greatly embellished in order to pad it out to ninety minutes. The characters of Truson, Mara, and the King's Emissary, as well as several bit roles, were invented for the film, as were the happy ending and the storyline about the town entering a competition to win a banner from the King. In the poem, however, the mayor cheats the Piper over the payment for ridding the town of rats. In Browning's original poem, and in the original legend on which the poem was based, the children never do come back.
Music.
As in the 1944 Broadway musical "Song of Norway", many of Grieg's most famous pieces are heard here, albeit with lyrics. The first movement of the "Piano Concerto in A Minor" serves as the tune for the lovers' duet; "Wedding-Day at Troldhaugen" serves as a work song for the townsfolk of Hamelin, and Grieg's "Peer Gynt" music is used for most of the other musical numbers.
Production history.
The film was one of several telecasts in the 1950s of musical fantasies aimed at children and shown as specials. This trend was caused by the enormous success of the first two live telecasts (in 1955 and 1956) of the Mary Martin "Peter Pan", which had gained the largest audience for a TV special to date. In late 1955, "Hallmark Hall of Fame" had presented a live telecast of the 1932 stage adaptation of "Alice in Wonderland". This had been followed in 1956 by the first telecast of MGM's 1939 film "The Wizard of Oz" (starring Judy Garland), and the first, live version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's only musical for television, "Cinderella" (1957), starring Julie Andrews. Both "The Wizard of Oz" and "Cinderella" also drew large audiences on television. And only a month before the telecast of "The Pied Piper of Hamelin", NBC had presented live a live-action musical adaptation of "Pinocchio", with Mickey Rooney as the puppet who longs to be a real boy. In 1958, a live musical version of "Hansel and Gretel", with Barbara Cook and Red Buttons, would also be televised. Both "Pinocchio" and "Hansel and Gretel" boasted scores by Alec Wilder. Cole Porter would follow in 1958 with "Aladdin", starring Sal Mineo and Basil Rathbone, and that same year, ABC, with the help of Serge Prokofiev and Ogden Nash, would combine the elements of musical comedy, marionette presentations, and classical music in a successful special entitled ""Art Carney Meets Peter and the Wolf"".
Home media.
Rarely telecast now, "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" is currently available on DVD and can also be seen online, though there has never been a restored release, because the movie is now in the public domain. The DVD was re-issued in 2004 by Digiview Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19812032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812032" title="Miguel Córcega">
Miguel Córcega

Miguel Córcega (, October 29, 1929, Mexico City - September 29, 2008, Mexico City) was a Mexican telenovela actor and director. Córcega started his career in acting and directing during the 1940s.
Biography.
Film.
In the 1960s, Córcega participated in the Viruta y Capulina films "El dolor de pagar la renta" and "Dos pintores pintorescos". In the latter film, he co-starred as the villain, Lorenzo, a fortune hunter who murders a woman and tries to murder Capulina, whom he thinks is a witness of the crime.
Telenovelas.
Córcega directed such Mexican telenovelas and soap operas as "Lazos de Amor" and "El privilegio de amar". His acting credits included the television series "Cadenas de amargura".
Later in life, Córcega appeared in "Cuidado con el ángel" in the role of Padre Anselmo. However, he was forced to retire from the popular television show due to illness. Corcega's role of Padre Anselmo in the show passed to actor Héctor Gómez.
Death.
Miguel Córcega died of a stroke in Mexico City on September 29, 2008, at the age of 78.
His funeral was held at the Garden of Mexico pantheon in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19812070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812070" title="Édouard Crut">
Édouard Crut

Édouard Crut (16 April 1901 – 25 October 1974) was a French footballer who played for Étoile Carouge, US Saint-Mandé, Gallia Club Lunel, Marseille, OGC Nice, FAC Nice and AS Cannes, as well as for the French national side.

</doc>
<doc id="19812094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812094" title="Clinical Leukemia">
Clinical Leukemia

Clinical Leukemia is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by CIG Media Group (Cancer Information Group). The journal publishes articles on detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of leukemia. The main emphasis is on recent scientific developments in all areas related to leukemia. Specific areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches; drug sensitivity and resistance, gene and antisense therapy; pathology, markers, and prognostic indicators, chemoprevention strategies, multimodality therapy, and integration of various approaches.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is indexed in CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature), Scopus, Embase, and Chemical Abstracts.
Article types.
The journal publishes editorials, original research papers, comprehensive reviews, current treatment reports, case reports, brief communications, current trials, translational medicine pieces, and a "Meeting Highlights" section.

</doc>
<doc id="19812100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812100" title="Switch II">
Switch II

 
Switch II is the second album from the R&B group, Switch, released in 1979. Included on the album is one of the band's biggest and most often-sampled hits, "I Call Your Name".

</doc>
<doc id="19812118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812118" title="Legacy of Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson">
Legacy of Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson

Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson was one of the leading British naval commanders of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, responsible for several important victories over the French and Spanish navies during a time of crisis for the country. He was widely lauded for his success, and praised for his skill and daring. After his death during the Battle of Trafalgar, he became revered as a British hero, and his fame reached new heights. Large numbers of monuments and memorials have been created in his honour, and he has continued to influence British culture and society.
Background.
The French Revolution and the subsequent conflicts transformed the old systems of protocols of warfare. Whereas wars had previously been fought to inflict losses that would compel the enemy to seek peace, and concede some losses in the subsequent negotiations, it now became about destroying rival states and thoroughly subjugating them. The new Jacobin system terrified the property owning members of the British establishment, and resulted in a wave of patriotism, which manifested itself in the creation of a militarised society based on local militias and volunteer forces. With early French victories in the Low Countries, and large forces stationed at the Channel ports, there was the very real risk on invasion. For the first time since the Spanish Armada, Britain felt that it was in a war of national survival. Together the French and Spanish fleets considerably outnumbered the British. The Royal Navy was the main instrument of defence for the country, but it was a highly professionalised and modern service. In contrast, the French Navy was poorly led, early purges having cost a number of experienced officers and admirals, whilst the Spanish had a large force and skilled leaders, but few sailors. The Russian and Danish forces, while numerically significant, were vastly inferior in quality. But while the French Army was able to achieve a number of victories on land, the Royal Navy was able to harass French possessions, intercept French trade and capture French colonies. The expansion of the navy brought a number of officers and commanders to prominence, but none achieved the level of fame and adulation that Nelson secured.
After Trafalgar.
Nelson's death in the cockpit of his flagship has been described by Andrew Lambert as 'the ideal romantic death'. He was mortally wounded by an enemy sniper, dying slowly and remaining conscious throughout, surrounded by his chaplain and staff officers. His last thoughts covered matters such as final directions for his fleet, his hopes and fears for his family, and his personal desire for absolution and reassurance. The events were recorded by several of those present, including the surgeon, William Beatty, and later interpreted in dramatic paintings, both of the death scene, such as those by Benjamin West, and Arthur William Devis, and of allegorical depictions of Nelson's ascent into immortality as a result of his glorious death, including works by West, and Scott Legrand. When news arrived in Britain the initial joy at the news of the victory was stifled by the report of his death, and a state funeral was immediately planned. Nelson was to be buried in St Paul's Cathedral, in a grand ceremony that was not just a mere funeral but was intended to 'capture the essence, the spirit, and the name of Nelson for the nation.' A special coffin was devised, heavily decorated with emblems and symbols of Nelson's many victories. It enclosed the simpler coffin, given to Nelson by Benjamin Hallowell, and was itself enclosed in a grand sarcophagus made for Cardinal Wolsey. When Nelson was laid in state at Greenwich Hospital, a crowd of 30,000 arrived to pay their respects. The subsequent funeral was one of the grandest ever staged, costing some £14,000 and attended by large numbers of admirals, captains and members of royalty.
Victorian era.
By 1865, Nelson had been humanised by the British public, and his heroic status began to be reduced in comparison to newer military commanders, some of whom explicitly incorporated elements of Nelsonian tradition. The Franco-Prussian War reduced any potential threat that France might have offered, while the liberalising Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone's policies saw the reduction of the navy as part of defence cuts. Gladstone's opponent, the Poet Laureate Alfred Tennyson, appealed to the image and tradition of Nelson, and stressed the importance of the Navy to the defence of the country. The 1890s saw another revival in interest, with several new biographies. Nelson featured in school text books as an idealised British hero, but the more controversial aspects of his life were ignored. In 1891 a grand exhibition of Nelson's life opened, and was visited by nearly two and half million people in the six months it was open for. The formation of the Navy League in 1894 gave added impetus to the movement to recognise Nelson's legacy, and grand celebrations were held in Trafalgar Square on Trafalgar Day, 1896.
20th century.
The signing of the Triple Entente in 1904 led to a call for muted celebrations of the centenary of Trafalgar the following year to avoid offending the French. Some navy officers continued to emphasise the importance of Nelson, Jackie Fisher chose 21 October 1904 as the day to take up the office of First Sea Lord, and was fond of citing Nelson when implementing changes to the Navy. He also oversaw the naming of many navy ships after ships that had been at Trafalgar, or other Nelsonian battles, such as , and ; or after events or people in some way connected with him, such as and . In many ways Fisher was preparing for a second Trafalgar. He had even selected a new Nelson to lead the new Nelsonian style navy, John Jellicoe, of whom he wrote Sir John Jellicoe. Phenomenally young and junior. He will be Nelson at Cape St Vincent until he becomes "Boss" at Trafalgar when Armageddon comes along in 1915 or thereabouts - not sooner!
Nelson's legacy was also influential in the Second World War, inspiring Winston Churchill, who had written about him in his "History of the English Speaking Peoples". Churchill kept a bust of Nelson in his study at Chartwell, and named his cat Nelson. He also declared "That Hamilton Woman" his favourite film, and often showed it to visiting naval officers. The example of Nelson inspired the population as a whole, and a number of Nelsonian biographies were reprinted during the war. The post war era saw the decline of British power, which had been pre-eminent since Nelson's time. Despite a large new biography by Carola Oman in 1946, the figure of Nelson seemed out of touch with post war austerity.
However, Nelson's legacy has endured. In the BBC's "100 Greatest Britons" programme in 2002, Nelson was voted the 9th greatest Briton of all time. The bicentenary of the Battle of Trafalgar in 2005 led to a round of celebrations under the banner of 'Trafalgar 200'. An International Fleet Review was held, and several new biographies and histories of the battle were published. Phrases such as "England expects" and "nelson" (meaning "111") continue to remain closely associated with English sporting teams, especially cricket.
Depictions.
Art.
After the arrival of "Victory" at Portsmouth, large numbers of artists arrived to prepare sketches for their interpretations of the battle, and Nelson's death. Arthur William Devis and Benjamin West competed to create the grandest scene of the death, with West also painting his "Apotheosis of Nelson". J. M. W. Turner also visited the "Victory" to gather material for his paintings of the battle. The caricaturist James Gilray produced some of the earliest works in the aftermath of the battle, but his works were considerably more respectful than many of his satirical attacks on public figures. A large number of prints were also quickly produced to capitalised on public interest. In the 1840s Prince Albert became interested in naval history, and commissioned several works, including ones depicting Nelson's victories, for the Royal palaces. Daniel Maclise duly designed and painted an enormous fresco for the Royal Gallery at Westminster.
Literature.
Hastily written tributes appeared across the country immediately after the news arrived, in papers, pamphlets and books. Samuel Taylor Coleridge, then at Naples, produced an obituary essay on the death of Alexander Ball, one of Nelson's captains whom he had known, and commented on Nelson's qualities. An official biography was written by John McArthur and James Stanier Clarke and published in 1809. This was followed by a work by Robert Southey in 1813, and Lord Byron wrote in his 1819 poem "Don Juan" that 'Nelson was Britannia's god of war'. In the 1840s Nicholas Harris Nicolas drew up and published Nelson's collected correspondence. Thomas Carlyle's earliest works included a brief biographical sketch of Nelson, and he returned to consider Nelson in his 1839 work "Heroes and Hero Worship". Thomas Pettigrew, capitalising on a resurgence of interest in Nelson, produced a new biography in the 1840s. J. K. Laughton produced several works on Nelson in the late 19th century, and in 1897 Alfred Thayer Mahan published his "Life of Nelson", which rapidly became a best seller.
Monuments.
Dublin was the first city to create its own monument to Nelson, with work beginning on Nelson's Pillar in 1808. Liverpool followed suit in 1813, and soon monuments had been erected in cities across the empire, including the Norfolk town on Great Yarmouth in 1819. The possibility of a memorial in London had been discussed in 1816, but it was not until the 1830s that a programme of slum clearance created a suitable location, which was renamed Trafalgar Square in 1835. The column itself was designed by William Railton and modelled on a column in the Temple of Mars Ultor, in Rome. The Temple had been built to celebrate the transformation of the late military leader Julius Caesar into a god. The treatment accorded to Nelson established clear parallels, and compared the triumph of the Roman Empire with the triumph of the British over the French. The square and column were completed by 1843, with the final addition of Sir Edwin Landseer's lions coming several years later.
Music.
John Braham's song, "The Death of Nelson", written immediately after Trafalgar, became extremely popular. Lennox Berkeley's opera "Nelson" premièred in 1954.
Nelson in contemporary fiction.
Nelson appears in Susan Sontag's novel "", and as a ghost in Amber Benson's and Christopher Golden's "Ghosts of Albion". He appears several times in Dudley Pope's Ramage series, and features in "Sharpe's Trafalgar" by Bernard Cornwell. Nelson is the object of the ardent admiration of Captain Jack Aubrey in Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series. In James Joyce's "Ulysses", Nelson is referred to by the character Stephen Dedalus as the 'one-handled adulterer', when speaking of his namesake monument, Nelson's Pillar. Nelson features in James A Michener's "Caribbean", and is referred to in Barry Unsworth's novel "Losing Nelson". Naomi Novik's alternate history/fantasy Temeraire series suggests an alternate future in which Nelson survives Trafalgar. A recently discovered Alexandre Dumas novel, The Knight of Sainte-Hermine, portrays the title character as the shooter of Nelson. The character of Horatio Hornblower in C. S. Forester's series of books was partially inspired by Nelson. Lennox Berkeley's opera "Nelson" premièred in 1954. Nelson also has cameos in the historical fiction of William C. Hammond.
Nelson was portrayed on film by Laurence Olivier in "That Hamilton Woman" (1941), and also in the film "The Young Mr. Pitt". Peter Finch portrayed him in a 1973 film adaptation of Terence Rattigan's 1970 stage play "A Bequest to the Nation". Nelson also appears as a minor character in Abel Gance's "Austerlitz" (1960). In the 1961 television series, "Triton", Nelson was played by Robert James, and in a 1968 version of the same series, he was played by Terry Scully. 
Lord Nelson's cultus was repeatedly lampooned in the 1980s sitcom Blackadder the Third. In the episode "Ink and Incapability", the show's antihero, Mr. E. Blackadder, mocks Nelson's famous signal at the Battle of Trafalgar. He announces that Nelson used a similar signal at the Battle of the Nile: "England knows Lady Hamilton is a virgin. Poke my eye out and cut off my arm if I'm wrong."
Lord Nelson also appears in the Georgian segment of "Blackadder's Christmas Carol" at a party hosted by the Prince Regent. Passed out from too much alcohol, Nelson suddenly awakens and screams that he has gone blind. Then, however, Blackadder reveals to Nelson that his eyepatch is simply on backwards. Relieved, Nelson returns to a drunken stupor.
Nelson and the Royal Navy.
The Royal Navy have named a number of ships after Nelson or his victories. These have included , , and . The Royal Navy celebrates Nelson every 21 October by holding Trafalgar Day dinners and toasting ""The Immortal Memory"" of Nelson. His flagship "Victory" is still kept on active commission in honour of Nelson — it is the flagship of the Second Sea Lord, and is the oldest commissioned Naval ship in the world. She can be found in Number 2 Dry Dock of the Royal Naval Museum at the Portsmouth Naval Base, in Portsmouth, which is named HMS "Nelson". The "Victory" was drydocked for restoration in 1922, and opened to the public as a shrine to Nelson and his navy in 1928.
Nelsonia.
The bullet that killed Nelson is permanently on display in the Grand Vestibule of Windsor Castle. The uniform that he wore during the battle, with the fatal bullet hole still visible, can be seen at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich. A lock of Nelson's hair was given to the Imperial Japanese Navy from the Royal Navy after the Russo-Japanese War to commemorate the victory at the Battle of Tsushima. It is still on display at the Edashima Naval Academy, a public museum maintained by the Japan Self-Defense Forces. Another may be seen in the dining room of the museum ship HMY "Britannia", the former royal yacht, now permanently moored near Edinburgh, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19812123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812123" title="KSWI">
KSWI

KSWI (95.7 FM, "KS 95.7") is a radio station licensed to serve Atlantic, Iowa. The station is owned by Meredith Communications, LLC. It airs a classic hits music format.
The station was assigned the KSWI call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on April 17, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19812138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812138" title="Kokota language">
Kokota language

Kokota is an Austronesian language spoken by perhaps as many as 1,200 people in three villages on Santa Isabel in the Solomon Islands. The villages of Goveo and Sisiga lie on the north coast, while Hurepelo lies on the south coast. People in all three villages use the language daily, but may eventually switch to neighboring Cheke Holo to the west, a language spoken by many more people who have recently settled between Goveo and Sisiga (Palmer 2009:1-2).
Phonology.
Vowels.
The vowel inventory of Kokota is remarkably uninteresting - reflecting the Oceanic five-vowel system - but the actual sound of each may vary according to the phonetic environment. Despite a lack of phonemic length distinction in Kokota, one does find long vowels; however, this is due to a sequence of two identical vowels, rather than one long vowel – this distinction is demonstrated by the optional insertion of an epenthetic glottal stop between the two vowels (Palmer 1999:20).
Kokota doesn’t contain any phonemic diphthongs; however they do occur in normal speech. Only certain vowel sequences are eligible for diphthonisation. Sequences may only diphthongise if the second vowel present is higher than the first. Front-back and back-front movements are not eligible to become diphthongs. This leaves six diphthongs able to occur (Palmer 1999:21-22): /ae/, /ai/, /ao/, /au/, /ei/ and /ou/. Diphthongisation is also not restricted by morpheme boundaries. Thus, any sequence of eligible vowels may diphthongise.
Consonants.
Kokota orthography is heavily influenced by that of Cheke Holo. For instance, glottal stops are not phonemic in Kokota but are often written with an apostrophe (as in Cheke Holo) when they occur in certain nondistinctive environments, such as to mark morpheme boundaries between neighboring vowels. Similarly, Cheke Holo distinguishes "j" and "z" but Kokota does not. Nevertheless, Kokota speakers tend to use either letter to write phonemic /z/. The macron is used to write the voiced velar plosive and the velar nasal .
Most consonants distinguish voiceless and voiced versions (left and right respectively in each cell in the table). Kokota presents a rather uncommon set of consonant phonemes in that each and every phoneme exists in a pair with its voiced or voiceless opposite. There are 22 consonant phonemes in total – 11 place and manner pairs of voiced and voiceless (Palmer 1999:12).
Morphology.
Pronouns.
There exist four sets of pronominal forms: preverbal subject indexed auxiliaries, postverbal object indexing, possessor indexing and independent pronouns (Palmer 1999:65). Complying with typical Oceanic features, Kokota distinguishes between four person categories: first person inclusive, first person exclusive, second person, and third person. The preverbal subject indexing auxiliaries do not differentiate between singular and plural, whereas possessor and postverbal object indexing do – except in first person inclusive, where no singular is possible (Palmer 1999:65).
Non-Independent: Subject pronouns.
The preverbal subject-indexing pronouns do not distinguish number (Palmer 1999:65).
Non-Independent: Object pronouns.
The object-indexing pronouns are postverbal clitics (Palmer 1999:65).
Non-Independent: Possessor pronouns.
The possessor-indexing pronouns are suffixed to nouns (Palmer 1999:65).
Independent: Focal pronouns.
The independent pronouns, however, go one step further and differentiate between singular, dual, trial and plural numbers (Palmer 1999:65).
Possessive Constructions.
Similarly to many Oceanic languages, Kokota makes the distinction between alienable possession and inalienable possession.
Inalienable.
Inalienable possession consists of possessor indexing enclitics attaching to the nominal core of the possessed noun phrase as follows (Palmer 1999:121):
Alienable.
Alienable possession is formed with a possessive base that is indexed to the possessor. This entire unit precedes the possessed noun phrase. Alienable possession is further broken down into two categories, consumable, whose base is "ge-", and non-consumable, whose base is "no-" (Palmer 1999:121).

</doc>
<doc id="19812140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812140" title="Stanisław Krusiński">
Stanisław Krusiński

Stanisław Krusiński (1 May 1857, Posiołkach, Saratov Governorate – 24 January 1886, Kazan) was a Polish economist, sociologist and political activists. One of the first Polish Marxists. With his colleagues (such as Ludwik Krzywicki), he translated Karl Marx's Capital into Polish.

</doc>
<doc id="19812141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812141" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T12

The Women's 200m T12 had its first round held on September 15, beginning at 10:00. The Semifinals were held on September 16, at 9:41 and the A and B Finals were held on September 16 at 17:05.

</doc>
<doc id="19812169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812169" title="Frances Arnold">
Frances Arnold

Frances Hamilton Arnold (born 25 July 1956) is an internationally recognized American scientist and engineer. She pioneered methods of directed evolution to create useful biological systems, including enzymes, metabolic pathways, genetic regulatory circuits, and organisms. She is the Dick and Barbara Dickinson Professor of Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering, and Biochemistry at the California Institute of Technology, where she studies evolution and its applications in science, medicine, chemicals and energy. She earned her B.S. in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering from Princeton University in 1979 and her Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. There, she did her postdoctoral work in biophysical chemistry before coming to Caltech in 1986.
Her work has been recognized by many awards, including the 2011 Draper Prize and a 2011 National Medal of Technology and Innovation. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2011. Arnold has the rare honor of being elected to all three National Academies in the United States - The National Academy of Sciences, The National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine. Arnold is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering.
A member of the Advisory Board of the DOE-funded Joint BioEnergy Institute and the Packard Fellowships in Science and Engineering, Arnold also serves on the President's Advisory Council of the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST). She is currently serving as a judge for The Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering, 2013.
Arnold's Caltech research is in green chemistry and alternative energy, including the development of highly active enzymes (cellulolytic and biosynthetic enzymes) and microorganisms to convert renewable biomass to fuels and chemicals. She is co-inventor on numerous patents and co-founded Gevo, Inc. in 2005.
Personal life.
Arnold is the daughter of nuclear physicist William Howard Arnold and grew up in Edgewood, Pennsylvania, a small suburb of Pittsburgh. As a high schooler, she hitchhiked to Washington, D.C. to protest the Vietnam War and lived on her own working as a cocktail waitress at a local jazz club and a cab driver.
Now, Arnold lives in La Cañada Flintridge, California and has three sons. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 and is a breast cancer survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="19812184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812184" title="Cass High School">
Cass High School

Cass High School is a four-year public high school located in Cartersville, Georgia, United States. They educate students grades 9-12. The current principal is Michael Nelson, a Cass High School graduate. Cass High School is one of five high schools in Bartow County.
Athletics.
Cass High School offers a variety of sports, including Football, Cheerleading, Men's Basketball, Women's Basketball, Baseball, Men's Soccer, Women's Soccer, Volleyball, Softball, Swimming, Cross Country, Wrestling, Track, Tennis and Golf.
Football.
The Cass Colonels football team is led by Rick Casko. In 2004, Casko led the Colonels to the state playoffs for the 1st time in 21 years, the second time in the school history. In 2006, the Colonels returned to the playoffs behind Richard Samuel, former running back and current linebacker for the Georgia Bulldogs.
Wrestling.
The Cass Colonels wrestling team is led by D.L. Koontz. In 2006 under the discipline of former Head Coach Jason Faklaris, the Varsity Wrestling team took 1st Place in the GHSAA Class AAA Dual Wrestling Championships. This was the first time the school won a State Wrestling Championship. The team, again under Faklaris, took 1st place in the GHSAA Class AAA Traditional Wrestling Championships in 2008.
Clubs and organizations.
Academic Team
Anchor Club
Art Club
Beta Club
CASCON
Choir
Cinema Club
Concert band
Flipside "Colonels for Christ"
FBLA
FCA
FCCLA
FFA
Health Occupations Students of America
Honor Ambassadors
Interact
International Thespian Society
JROTC
Literary Team
Marching Band
Mentoring Club
Musical Theater
National Honor Society
One Act Play
Prom Committee
S.A.D.D.
Science Olympiad
Show Choir
SkillsUSA
Spanish Honor Society
Student Council
Symphonic Band
Trumpet
VICA
Voice: A Literary Magazine
Y-Club

</doc>
<doc id="19812185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812185" title="SIC Processing">
SIC Processing

German company SIC Processing designs and manufactures hydroclone technology to improve solar cell production. The company was established in 2000. It was voted fourth in the inaugural Guardian/Library House "CleanTech 100" list, which showcased the best in European clean technology companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19812190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812190" title="Amrithadhare">
Amrithadhare

Amrithadhare () is a 2005 Kannada film directed and co-produced by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar and written by actor Ramesh Aravind. The film was released on 7 October 2005 starring Dhyan and Ramya in lead roles. The music was composed by Mano Murthy.
Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan has made a guest appearance as himself in this movie. The movie was remade in Telugu as "Amrutha Varsham".
Plot.
Puru (Dhyan) and Amritha (Ramya) are a married couple but they behave like lovers. They like each other but quarrel sometimes. She is a spendthrift and he is a miser. She wants a child to build a family, while he wants to build a house. The film follows their trials and tribulations as they navigate the difficult world of marriage in the modern age. The film also has a strong social message and speaks to the emptiness of a large home without a large family inside it.
Amitabh Bachchan makes a guest appearance.
Music.
The official soundtrack contains six songs.music was composed by Mano Murthy and lyrics by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar.

</doc>
<doc id="19812191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812191" title="Jean Charles Marie Grenier">
Jean Charles Marie Grenier

Jean Charles Marie Grenier (1808 – 1875) was a French botanist and naturalist who was a professor to the Faculty of Sciences at Besançon.
In 1836 he received his doctorate in medicine, followed by his degree in sciences in 1844. At Besançon, he taught classes in natural history, zoology and botany, being appointed doyen of the school in 1869. 
Grenier is credited with the description of hundreds of botanical species, many of them in collaboration with Dominique Alexandre Godron (1807–1880), a professor of natural history at Nancy. With Prof. Godron he published a three-volume work on French flora called "Flore de France" (1848–1856). Grenier was also author of "Flore de la châine jurassique" (Flora of the Jura Mountain chain) (1865-69). 

</doc>
<doc id="19812222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812222" title="Torah Aura Productions">
Torah Aura Productions

Torah Aura Productions is a Jewish educational publishing company based in Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1981. The company's main focus is on publishing educational materials (mostly classroom books) for Reform, Conservative, Reconstructionist and unaffiliated Jewish synagogue schools in North America.
Corporate history.
“Torah Aura Productions has been founded by a group of Jewish educators, artists, and technicians as a vehicle to enhance the creation of unique and experimental Jewish products and to provide support for those involved in the creative process. We therefore seek to operate with Jewish values committing ourselves to both the prophets and to profit.” 
Torah Aura Productions is a cooperative Jewish communications group that specializes in the creation of high-quality educational materials for Jewish classrooms. It is owned and operated by Jane Golub, Joel Grishaver, and Alan Rowe.
Jane, Joel and Alan were brought together when they were on the staff of a Jewish educational camp. All of them are successful products of individually diverse Jewish educations, yet all of them felt ambivalent about their Jewish educational experiences. That ambivalence motivated them to further their Jewish learning, to work in Jewish education, and to ultimately come to produce Jewish educational materials.
The actual “creation myth” of Torah Aura Productions goes like this:
In 1981 Alan was running the family business during the week and the P.A. system at the Brandeis-Bardin Institute on weekends. Jane was thinking about a new graduate school, and Joel was free-lancing and tending bar to pay the rent. All of them had worked together at Camp Alonim. Then, everything changed.
Joel had a contract to design a slide show for the Los Angeles Hebrew High School. His car was broken into, the art work stolen, and the deadline was rushing up. Meanwhile, Jane was house-sitting. Joel, Alan, and some other camp friends moved into Jane’s borrowed house and turned it into an animation factory. The end product (finished less than an hour before show time) was The True Story of Hanukkah. Within a few weeks, they were sitting around Alan’s dining room table, creating a new kind of Jewish educational company.
Torah Aura's vision and corporate philosophy.
Torah Aura was founded with a basic vision. According to the owners:
We knew what we wanted to do. We had an idea of what constituted “a good Jewish education,” and we knew the role we believed a publisher should play. Over the next several months we will be sharing those conceptions with you, not to so much for the purpose of selling books, but to facilitate a national dialogue on core issues. We want to hear from you. We want you to demand that other purveyors of educational Judaica make their assumptions and design philosophies equally clear. And, as we work week by week, topic by topic, we want you to think about the way you articulate your school curriculum.
When speaking about their curricular vision, owners and employees of the company usually start by explaining that the purpose of their curricular materials is to save the Jewish people.
The statement may sound like a truism or cliche, but Torah Aura takes it very seriously. They say that it means they believe that students need enough Judaica – and the right Judaica – to build a Jewish future. Torah Aura's observation is that many to most Jews are not taught enough Judaism and to survive as Jews.
For a supplemental school to succeed, it needs to offer a real Jewish foundation. Facts are not a foundation. Concepts are. Feelings are important. They are necessary but not sufficient. Being able to name the objects used on Sukkot doesn’t lead to the building of a personal Sukkah. The ability to perform prayers from the Siddur is an enabling skill, but not one that alone will lead students as they grow to use services as moments of personal connection with the divine.
According to Torah Aura, Jewish schools spend a lot of time on Bible stories, but nowhere near enough on developing the skills of extracting meaning from the biblical text. To survive as a Jew, to care to survive as a Jew, one needs a web of understandings and conceptual tools. Torah Aura was created to produce tools that make the “meanings” of Judaism accessible.
According to Torah Aura (especially co-owner Joel Grishaver), the second thing that leads to Jewish survival is connection to community. The simple truth is that Jews who need other Jews are more likely to seek out Jewish connections than those who have just enjoyed some Jewish activities. This is why anyone in the Jewish schooling business pushes camps and youth groups as companion experiences. And, it is why anyone who understands the simplest secret looks to make their classrooms into communities with interdependent learning as a major modality. Equally true, the relationship between teacher and student is critical. It has redemptive possibilities. Because of Torah Aura's belief in community, most of their material (and all of their teacher’s guides) recommend work in hevrutot (learning dyads or small groups) and set up situations where students and teachers share in significant conversations.
Most of all, Torah Aura believes that no matter what kind of instruction its owners and employees envision, its reality will be in the hands of teacher and class as they interact. Real curriculum isn’t planned, it is actualized. No good lesson should ever happen exactly the same way twice. It is an amalgam of teacher, students, and the moment. For that reason, Torah Aura Productions sees themselves as creating educational tools, resources out of which good teaching moments and good teaching sequences can be built. They explain that they "strive to empower the teacher with challenging resources that lead them towards creating good Jewish educational experiences."
How Torah Aura Productions creates Jewish educational materials.
This is the way we work. First we map out “the structure of the discipline.” This is a list or chart of the things that we believe an adult Jew needs in order to “choose Jewish life.” For example, when we teach values, we look at the resources needed to encourage adults to turn to Jewish resources when then face a real life ethical dilemma. We then take this map of the discipline and look at the scope and range of instructional opportunities in the course of a Jewish education. Will this fit into pre-school? Can we expect it to be included in high school or as part of adult education? Does it fit into a family context? Etc. We then match up the instructional opportunities with the developmental realities. We look to see which part of our map of the discipline can be introduced at each age opportunity. We consider our work experimental and always define it as “work-in-progress.” We have been known to redo a work two or three times, using the laboratory of the market place as a source of feedback. We have always believed that we create tools for Jewish education, that teachers are the ones who turn them into educational experiences. Our work has always been a dialogue between experimental designs and practical applications. We are constantly envisioning new techniques and models and then testing them by the reaction of classroom masters.
Materials published by Torah Aura Productions.
Books.
Books for students.
Torah Aura Productions has published hundreds of curricular books for school-aged children, including:
Books for teachers and educators.
Torah Aura has also published many books for supplementary school teachers, Jewish educators, and other Jewish educational leaders. This list includes:
Instant lessons.
Torah Aura has become well known for publishing sets of educational materials called "Instant Lessons." These are packs of student materials on a single topic meant to provide the teacher with what he or she needs for a single class session.
Newsletters and 'Zines.
Over the years, Torah Aura has published a variety of weekly, bi-weekly, and monthly newsletters for students and teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="19812227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812227" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of 207 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19812230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812230" title="Luscombe 4">
Luscombe 4

The Luscombe 4 was a civil utility aircraft produced in small numbers in the United States in the late 1930s. 
In 1936, Luscombe designed and began flying a simplified version of the Phantom known as the Luscombe 90, or Model 4. Much of the Phantom's complex compound-curved sheet metal was eliminated in favor of simplified single-curved sheets, and the hand-formed fairings were eliminated. Performance was not impressive.

</doc>
<doc id="19812238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812238" title="Carol Brouillet">
Carol Brouillet

Carol Brouillet (born August 28, 1957) is an American political activist and organizer, was a Green Party candidate for the United States House of Representatives in California's 14th congressional district before 2010's redrawing of the districts, and most recently ran for California's 18th congressional district. Carol is a leading activist in the 9/11 Truth Movement. In 2006 and 2008 she ran for the United States Congress as a Green on a 9/11 Truth, Peace, and Impeachment platform. She has co-founded several non-profit organizations that seek to connect people, vital ideas, and important information for the purpose of nurturing healthy social change, economic justice and ecological sustainability. These include the International Media Project, the Who's Counting Project, the 9/11 Truth Alliance, and the Northern California 9/11 Truth Alliance.
Background.
Carol Liane Shepard was born August 28, 1957 in Santa Monica, California to Janet Edwina Zabel and Charles Baumert Shepard. She was raised in California. She attended Hawaii Loa College, Reed College, and the University of Grenoble. Beginning with a sailing trip around the world from 1976 to 1978, Carol continued to travel widely during the 1980s during which she read, wrote and collected experiences to help her fulfil an ambition of becoming an author. She eventually found herself organizing art exhibitions, notably of the artist, Huang Ge Sheng, whose work she discovered on a trip to China. In 1988 she met her husband Jean-Luc Brouillet and settled in Palo Alto, California. She and her husband have three sons.
Media Activism and Political Activism before September 11, 2001.
In 1992, Carol saw the Oliver Stone film "JFK" and began researching the Central Intelligence Agency. She became a “media activist” to raise critical issues that she believed were censored or ignored by the corporate press. In 1993 she edited "The Invisible Nuclear War"- about the health effects of low-level radiation and nuclear issues.
Through the rest of the 1990s and up to September 2001, Carol became deeply involved in what is generally regarded as the anti-globalization movement. She protested against and helped inform others about the policies of the Free Trade Area of the Americas, the World Trade Organization, the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, and other institutions and facets of corporate globalization.
Carol co-sponsored the first local currency conference, the E.F. Schumacher Society Decentralist Conference, held in 1996 at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts. In 1997 she organized a panel and workshop on local currencies at The Other Economic Summit in Colorado . She has lectured and given workshops on Global Economics, Money, and Community Currencies in the U.S., Italy, and Brazil. Her paper “Reinventing Money, Restoring the Earth, Reweaving the Web of Life” was recognized by The Millennium Institute as “one of the best ideas for the new millennium.” She organized three conferences on “Strategies to Transform the Global Economy.” In January 2001, she helped mobilize North Americans to attend the first World Social Forum in Brazil.
Political activism since September 11, 2001.
Carol Brouillet was deeply affected by the terrorism events that took place in the United States on September 11, 2001. She went to Washington, D.C. in September 2001 to protest an impending war, give flowers to Barbara Lee for her courageous stance, and to lobby against the PATRIOT Act. At the anti-war rallies, she came to believe that the war had little to do with fighting terrorism, but a lot to do with securing oil resources which led her to do research and begin local street actions. She was among the first to organize a public rally and march and to demand a Congressional investigation of 9/11.
From October 2001 to October 2007, Carol held a weekly two hour Listening Project- every Wednesday in downtown Palo Alto, California. Since then, she holds it on the 11th of every month, in solidarity with truthaction.org, and the global 9/11 Truth Movement.
She organized the first rally and march on Senator Dianne Feinstein’s office in San Francisco on January 8, 2002 to demand a Congressional inquiry of 9/11.
As a novel way of protesting and to building public awareness of the issues she is interested in, Carol publishes Deception Dollars and Conception Dollars which resemble U.S. currency. The Deception Dollars series includes a Media Bill, and several denominations of an Election Deception Dollar She also publishes a special Conception Dollar to promote healthy alternatives to the politicians and issues she protests with the Deception Dollars. Over seven million of her dollars are circulating and collected in the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond.
In 2003, Carol organized a sold-out presentation "Premiere of Aftermath- Unanswered Questions from 9/11" at the Herbst Theatre in San Francisco and a well attended presentation, including Richard Heinberg, on Earth Day in Palo Alto at Spangenberg Theater.
In 2004, she organized two benefits for the San Francisco International Inquiry into 9/11: "Behind Every Terrorist- There is a Bush", and the "San Francisco International Inquiry into 9/11, Phase One". The Inquiry attracted many journalists, documentary film-makers, and helped spark the growing 9/11 Truth Movement. She also helped with, and spoke at the "International Citizens’ Inquiry into 9/11, Phase Two", held in Toronto, Canada in May 2004.
When she discovered that Congresswoman Anna Eshoo was a co-sponsor of legislation which would reorganize and expand the United States' Intelligence Agencies, she organized a series of protests and rallies in August and September 2004, against what she calls "Police-State Legislation."
In 2005, Carol organized a series of local premiers of Barrie Zwicker’s documentary- "The Great Conspiracy- The 9/11 News Special You Never Saw". The San Francisco Bay Guardian highlighted her in its cover story on the 9/11 Truth Movement.
Also in 2005, Carol organized an internet art contest with the theme "9/11 Truth for Peace and Justice". She also helped organize the "First San Francisco International Inquiry into 9/11" and produced a film from it called "Behind Every Terrorist- There is a Bush", which was featured on Free Speech TV.
In 2006 she ran for Congress in California's 14th congressional district (garnering 2.33% of the vote) while continuing to help organize more events drawing national attention to the existence of the 9/11 Truth Movement.
In 2007 she began hosting a weekly internet radio show "Questioning War- Organizing Resistance" on the We The People Radio Network, wtprn.com. On the program, she interviewed and conversed with thinkers, authors, and film makers on the topics of Impeachment, Peace, 9/11 Truth, the monetary system, electoral integrity, and state-sponsored terrorism. The show ended in October, 2008 when WTPRN ceased its operations.
In January 2007 Carol was inspired by speeches given by Cynthia McKinney, Ralph Nader, and Cindy Sheehan in San Francisco which challenged citizens to run themselves against corporate-influenced politicians. Although plagued with questions about her health (which were afterwards resolved), Carol made the difficult decision to again run for Congress in 2008.
On the seventh anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, Carol organized a 9/11 Truth Rally/March & a 9/11 Film Festival at the Grand Lake Theater in Oakland, California.
Carol Brouillet on the issues.
In 2008, Carol Brouillet ran again for Congress in California's 14th District. In campaign literature, Carol described herself as a Green Party candidate for Congress dedicated to Truth, Peace, Justice, and Ecological Wisdom. Carol also describes herself as interested in the impeachment of the Bush administration and the repeal of the Patriot Act and the Military Commissions Acts.
In October 2008, she published an article Evolution of the Apocalypse- Empire's Demise- Human Renaissance looking at the deep systemic problems with the global economy, the most recent speculative bubble which could crash the global economy. She produced a controversial 30 second TV ad noting that 9/11, WTC 7, the financial crash, the bailout, shared characteristics of controlled demolitions, criminal fraud and treason.

</doc>
<doc id="19812258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812258" title="Frank Booth (soccer)">
Frank Booth (soccer)

Frank Booth (1887–1955) was an American soccer right full back who spent one season in the American Soccer League and six in the Southern New England Soccer League. He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Booth played for the Fall River Rovers of the Southern New England Soccer League beginning at least during the 1915-1916 season, if not earlier. In 1916, 1917 and 1918, the Rovers met Bethlehem Steel F.C. in the finals of the National Challenge Cup. The team lost in 1916 and 1918, but won in 1917. Booth played all three finals. He remained with the Rovers until the establishment of the American Soccer League in 1921. That year, he signed with Fall River United of the new league. He spent only one season, playing twenty league and two National Challenge Cup games before leaving the league at the end of the season.
References.
Frank Booth died from a condition called ALS. This is an important piece of information for the head injury debate.

</doc>
<doc id="19812271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812271" title="Darwin's Children">
Darwin's Children

"Darwin's Children" is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear published in 2003. It is a sequel to his 1999 Nebula Award-winning novel "Darwin's Radio". 
Plot introduction.
A human endogenous retrovirus called SHEVA begins to spread, attaching to people's chromosomes. As it becomes active, it causes the birth of millions of genetically altered children. To the government, this represents a deadly threat to public health and safety, so they take the mutated children from their parents and place them in concentration camps. The children communicate by using complex verbal tricks, enhanced facial expressions, and psychoactive chemical scents made from their own bodies. They also form stable groups that minimize conflict and maximize cooperation. Mitch Rafelson and his wife, Kaye Lang, have a SHEVA daughter named Stella Nova that they try to shield from the government's Emergency Action forces, but the child is captured and sent to a camp. A government virus researcher, Christopher Dicken, makes significant discoveries, as does Kaye.
Reception.
A Kirkus Reviews review says, "Scary and technically plausible though demanding work, even if the good guys' resurgence depends more on coincidence than logic". Peter Cannon, of Publishers Weekly, reviewed the book saying, "Bear's sure sense of character, his fluid prose style and the fascinating culture his "Shevite" children begin to develop all make for serious SF of the highest order". A Library Journal review says, "Believable characters and riveting storytelling make this a priority purchase for sf collections".
"Darwin's Children" received nominations for the Arthur C. Clarke, Locus, and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19812277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812277" title="Resipiscent">
Resipiscent

Resipiscent is an independent record label based in San Francisco, California, founded in 2005 by James Decker and Thomas Day.
The label publishes a wide range of experimental music and film. Most of its releases are extremely limited editions involving handcrafted package art. Liz Allbee's "Quarry Tones" release is packaged in heavy hand-sewn felt with flowers and shredded circuits scattered inside. Smegma's "Live 91-93" relies on dumpster-dived mainstream CDs that the band then defaces to serve as packaging. The Anti-Ear "Tre Picoli" release appears to be a 7-inch record but contains two mini-CDs and one mini-DVD. Aaartfystte's "22 Short Noise Videos" comes in a four-color silkscreen package embellished with hand-carved relief prints by Maw Zuffler. The double CD compilation "String of Artifacts" requires listeners to solve a word jumble and then a crossword puzzle in order to decode the track listing, with some bands adding to the puzzle by imitating the style of other bands. The Bran(...)Pos "Quaak Muttar" package is a crude but functional pinball machine for which track indexes serve as scoreboard.
The label name revives a word that had fallen into disuse. "Resipiscent" means "a return to one's senses following a brutal experience". Its tagline is "Unburying the meanest in criminally obscure sound."

</doc>
<doc id="19812280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812280" title="Joli Jászai">
Joli Jászai

Joli Jászai (21 May 1907 – 26 September 2008) was a Hungarian actress and entertainer. She began her film career relatively late in life.
Jászai was born in Rábatamási, Austria-Hungary, in what is now the present day nation of Hungary, on 21 May 1907. She died in Piliscsaba, Hungary, on 26 September 2008, at the age of 101.

</doc>
<doc id="19812300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812300" title="Luscombe 11">
Luscombe 11

__NOTOC__
The Luscombe 11 ia a civil utility aircraft produced in the United States in the late 1940s. 
Design and development.
In 1946 Luscombe introduced the four-place model 11, designed to specifications produced by the Flying Farmers of America. This was designed as a combined family/business aircraft, capable of carrying four people. With the back seat removed, up to six milk cans could be carried. Eventually, the Flying Farmer market proved to be a myth, so the Model 11 Sedan was finished with a more upmarket interior to appeal to the businessman. Certification was accomplished in May 1948. 38 examples remained on the U.S. civil aircraft register in August 2010. 
The model 11A was reworked into the model 11E by engineers at the Luscombe Aircraft Corporation (later renamed to Quartz Mountain Aerospace after learning that the DLAHF had trademarked the Luscombe name). The 11E model features tri-gear landing and an Continental IO-360. Quartz Mountain Aerospace produced the 11E in Altus, Oklahoma until they declared bankruptcy in November 2009. There are 15 examples registered in the U.S. civil aircraft register as of March 2011. The remaining assets of Quartz Mountain Aerospace were auctioned in 2011 to RA Lalli, based in Stratford, Conn., including the type and production certificates, 7 completed aircraft, and a large amount of spares. The Connecticut group which fabricates and supplies aircraft parts to several major North American companies was the successful bidder for the airplane's Federal Aviation Administration type certificate. Geza Scap, president of JGS Properties, said he purchased the Luscombe type certificate because he is interested in manufacturing the plane, a single-engine four-seater. Scap said his company fabricates parts for Boeing and for several helicopter companies and owns five vehicle dealerships in Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19812301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812301" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 400 metres T12

The Women's 400 m T12 had its first round held on September 11, beginning at 18:05 and the A and B Finals were held on September 13 at 12:10.

</doc>
<doc id="19812306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812306" title="Stanley Weiser">
Stanley Weiser

Stanley Weiser is an American screenwriter. He was born in New York City. He is a graduate of the NYU Film School. His screen credits include "Wall Street" and "W.", both directed by Oliver Stone. He also wrote the 20th Century Fox animal rights film, "Project X". He is credited for creating certain characters in the sequel to "Wall Street": "". In addition, he served as script consultant on Oliver Stone's "Nixon" and "Any Given Sunday".
Weiser's passion projects were two civil rights dramas, developed as feature films, but made for television. "Murder in Mississippi", a chronicle of the 1964 Freedom Summer movement and the lives and deaths of Cheney, Schwerner, and Goodman, the three young civil rights workers who were killed by the Ku Klux Klan, which aired on NBC in 1990. It was nominated for four Emmys and won the Directors Guild of America Award for best TV movie. "Freedom Song", a semi-fictional account of the early SNCC movement in Mississippi, was co-written with Phil Alden Robinson, who also directed. They shared a Writers Guild of America Award and Humanitas nomination for the 2000 TNT film. 
Weiser also adapted the novel, "Fatherland", by Robert Harris, for HBO. It was nominated for three Golden Globe awards and Miranda Richardson won for best supporting actress in a TV or cable movie. He wrote the NBC four hour mini-series "Witness to the Mob" in 1998, which was produced by Robert De Niro. He also wrote "", for which he received a Writers Guild of America nomination for best TV movie.
As of 2012, he wrote a biopic on the life of Rod Serling, the brilliant writer and The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series) creator, which is in development.
Weiser began his career as a production assistant for Brian De Palma on "Phantom of the Paradise", and as an assistant cameraman on the Martin Scorsese documentary, "Street Scenes".
He is married and lives in Santa Monica, California. He is a founding member of the West Los Angeles Shambhala Buddhist Meditation Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19812307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812307" title="Dartchery at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Dartchery at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Dartchery at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of three events.

</doc>
<doc id="19812318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812318" title="Sulfurcell">
Sulfurcell

German company Sulfurcell was formed in 2001 and makes thin film solar cells. The company was voted sixth on the inaugural Guardian/Library House "CleanTech 100" list, which showcased the best in European clean technology companies. The company was renamed into "Soltecture in 2009. On 09 May 2012, Soltecture went into administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19812324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812324" title="Goalball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Goalball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Goalball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19812348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812348" title="Lawn bowls at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Lawn bowls at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Lawn bowls at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of sixteen events, twelve for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19812361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812361" title="Pelamis Wave Power">
Pelamis Wave Power

Pelamis Wave Power designs and manufactures the Pelamis Wave Energy Converter – a technology that uses the motion of ocean surface waves to create electricity. The company was established in 1998 and has offices and fabrication facilities in Leith Docks, Edinburgh, Scotland.
History.
The company was founded in 1998 by Richard Yemm, Chris Retzler and David Pizer with the aim of commercialising the Pelamis Wave Energy Converter. Originally named 'Ocean Power Delivery', the company changed its name in September 2007.
In 2004 the company installed and tested their first full scale prototype at the European Marine Energy Centre in Orkney, Scotland, becoming the first commercial scale, offshore, wave power machine to successfully generate electricity into the national grid. A commercial order for three 750 kW machines followed this successful demonstration of the Pelamis technology, resulting in the installation of three Pelamis Wave Energy Converters in 2008, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm. Located off the northwest coast of Portugal near Póvoa de Varzim the project was funded by Portuguese utility Enersis, at the time were owned by Australian global investment company Babcock & Brown. The farm first generated electricity in July 2008 but was taken offline in November 2008 at the same time as Babcock & Brown encountered financial difficulties.
In February 2009, Pelamis Wave Power secured an order from German utility company E.on for a new generation Pelamis Wave Energy Converter, termed the P2. The machine was installed and grid connected for the first time at EMEC in October 2010, where it is now being tested. An additional order for a P2 machine has been placed by Scottish Power Renewables in March 2010.
Current projects under development include a joint project with Swedish utility Vattenfall to develop the Aegir wave farm off the coast of Shetland, and three 50MW sites in the Pentland Firth area, resulting from The Crown Estate seabed leasing round in March 2010.
In May 2011, the company announced that it was to make a number of redundancies. This followed the completion of the manufacture of its second P2 machine and a move into a testing and operations phase.
Awards.
Pelamis Wave Power has won a number of awards including:
2011
2008
2007
2004
2003

</doc>
<doc id="19812379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812379" title="Shooting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Shooting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Shooting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of three rifle events.

</doc>
<doc id="19812398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812398" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 800 metres T12–13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 800 metres T12–13

The Women's 800m T12-13 had its first round held on September 8, beginning at 18:40 and Final was held on September 9 at 18:35.

</doc>
<doc id="19812405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812405" title="Snooker at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19812415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812415" title="Plikati">
Plikati

Plikati (, ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Mastorochoria, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. It is one of the northernmost villages in Epirus. In 2001 its population was 150. The village is situated at the foot of the Grammos mountains, at 1,240 m elevation, close to the Albanian border. Plikati has traditionally been populated by an exclusively Arvanite population, and Albanian is still spoken in the village. Plikati is 3 km north of Gorgopotamos, 8 km west of Aetomilitsa, 9 km southeast of Ersekë (Albania) and 28 km north of Konitsa.
History.
Plikati is an old village, with a church dating from the 16th century. Due to overpopulation and poverty in the 19th century, many of its inhabitants moved away and founded new villages in the area around Florina (Belkameni and Negovani) and Larissa (Kazaklar).

</doc>
<doc id="19812431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812431" title="Circle Theatre">
Circle Theatre

Circle Theatre or Circle Theater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19812462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812462" title="Make Cars Green">
Make Cars Green

Make Cars Green (MCG) is a campaign by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) aimed at reducing the impact of cars on the environment. The campaign consists of advising motorists of methods of reducing carbon dioxide emissions, as well as purchasing environmentally friendlier vehicles.
Campaign.
The Make Cars Green campaign was launched at the 2008 World Environment Day, which was held in New Zealand. The event was attended by the FIA Foundation director General David Ward and the World Bank's road safety specialist Tony Bliss, as well as New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark. Ward outlined the importance of the campaign, noting:
The basis of the campaign is a ten-point guide for reducing the environmental impact of cars, including checking tyre pressure for optimimum efficiency, planning journeys in advance and offsetting carbon emissions. The FIA aims to reach these objectives by working with its member clubs.
In Formula One.
As the FIA is the governing body of Formula One, the sport is involved in the campaign. At the 2008 Japanese Grand Prix, tyre supplier Bridgestone provided the teams with green-grooved tyres in order to draw attention to Make Cars Green.
FIA president Max Mosley outlined the sport's commitment to the campaign:
The president of the Japan Automobile Federation, Tetsuo Tanaka, agreed with Mosley, adding:
The FIA and Bridgestone held a press conference before the grand prix where F1 drivers Felipe Massa, Kimi Räikkönen, Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen outlined the ways in which they reduce their carbon footprints.

</doc>
<doc id="19812473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812473" title="The Artist Life">
The Artist Life

The Artist Life was a Canadian pop punk band from Burlington signed to Underground Operations as of September 2008.
History.
The Artist Life was started by Ian Blackwood (formerly of Jersey, The Fullblast and Always Outnumbered) on vocals and guitar, and Dean Richards (formerly of Fallen Year and Dreams Among Stars) on guitar and vocals in January 2006. This came as the result of the two discussing the possibility of starting the band and writing some music together in late 2005. They would soon add Andy Crawford (formerly of Beaumont) on bass and Chris Danner (formerly of Grade and To The Lions) on drums. Within a year, the band had recorded a 5 song demo of which they gave away over 1000 copies in Southern Ontario. They also played several one-off concerts with the original line-up, though they never played outside of Ontario. The Artist Life played their first show April 17, 2006 at the Bovine Sex Club in Toronto with The Video Dead.
By fall 2006, the band parted ways with drummer Chris Danner for undisclosed reasons and temporarily had friends fill in until a permanent replacement could be found. Later that fall, Andy Crawford would leave the band following the birth of his first child. This left just Ian and Dean, who decided to enter the studio and record an EP with their friend David Palmer (formerly of The Stickup). They released the "Living" EP in early 2007 as a free download on the band's website.
Following the release of the Living EP, Jake Parsonson (formerly of Madrid is Burning) joined as the full-time drummer and Chuck Leach (formerly of Jude the Obscure and At the Mercy of Inspiration) joined as the permanent bassist. This line-up would immediately begin touring around the country and venturing into the United States in support of the Living EP. The band also began to receive some radio play and video play of “Waiting Room” on MuchMusic. The band's song “Piss test” was used in a West49 television commercial. The success of "Living" led the radio station Punk-o-Rama Edge 102 to name The Artist Life the “Up and coming band of 2008” in January 2008.
After the success of the "Living" EP, the band hit the studio again to record 2 demo songs to pitch to labels. Following an article in AP Magazine, the band was approached by Canadian Record Label Underground Operations, who showed great interest in the band. Soon afterwards, the band was signed to Underground Operations in September 2008. The band promptly finished recording their second EP "Let's Start A Riot", which was released October 28, 2008 on Underground Operations, marking the band's first official label release. Their second video for "Sleep So Sound" gained the band even more street credit. And their third music video for their title track "Let's Start A Riot" will be directed by actor Jason Mewes (Clerks) on September 1, 2009. Since its release, 102.1 The Edge offered them their second FU Award nomination, this time for Song of the Year, Japan's Boundee Records signed on for a Japanese release, MTV Live witnessed a raucous studio performance and Chartattack.com raved after their sold-out CMW appearance.
This summer The Artist Life is in Ontario for Cutting Edge Music Festival and in Eastern Canada for a stretch of dates with The Snips and Brights to coincide with the digital release of “Let’s Start A Campfire” the acoustic counterpart to LSAR.
In between tours the band has been writing and demoing what will be the full-length follow-up to LSAR whose release date is not yet scheduled.
The band broke up on February 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19812553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812553" title="Peter Pezzelli">
Peter Pezzelli

Peter Pezzelli is an author from Narragansett, Rhode Island, who has written five novels. 
Biography.
Peter Pezzelli was born and raised in Rhode Island, Peter Pezzelli grew up in the town of North Providence. A graduate of La Salle Academy, he completed a year of prep school at Phillips Academy Andover before attending Wesleyan University where he earned a bachelors degree in English. 
After college, Pezzelli traveled for several weeks in Italy before coming home to begin training to be an administrator in his family’s nursing home business. He did not begin dabbling on the side with a writing career until later in his twenties when his girlfriend (and future wife) bought him an electric typewriter for his birthday. Not long after, while laid up recovering from knee surgery necessitated by a series of unfortunate rugby injuries, he decided to pass the time by writing short stories. He later enrolled in some creative writing workshops at Brown University and eventually began in his spare time to submit freelance articles to Rhode Island Monthly and other local magazines and newspapers. 
In time Pezzelli decided to put aside short stories and freelance writing, and try his hand at writing a novel. He wrote several before finally penning "Home To Italy". Published by Kensington Books in 2004, the story earned acclaim as a Book Sense “Pick” in September of that year and later as a “First Novel of Distinction”. 
Pezzelli's novels, all set primarily in Rhode Island or Italy, have been translated worldwide into over a dozen languages. His stories of life, love, friendship, and family have been featured in Readers Digest Select Editions, Doubleday Book Club, and are favorites of library book clubs around the U.S.
See also.
Famous people from Rhode Island

</doc>
<doc id="19812575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812575" title="Emmanuel College, Warrnambool">
Emmanuel College, Warrnambool

Emmanuel College is a Catholic, co-educational, secondary college in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia. The College is situated on two campuses in Warrnambool, located at the end of the Great Ocean Road in Victoria’s Western District. A third Campus is currently under construction. The College is co-sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy and the Congregation of Christian Brothers, Emmanuel has been educating students since 1872. The school's stated mission is to "encourage our students to develop to their full potential and make a positive contribution to their community" along with aiming to "provide a school environment that encourages a sense of identity, a sense of faith and a sense of enjoyment".
Geography.
Emmanuel College is located in Warrnambool, 250 kilometres west of Melbourne on the Southern Ocean. The Ardlie Street Campus is home to Year 7 to Year 10 students and is on approximately of land that incorporates Emmanuel’s Agricultural Skills Centre. There is a senior campus in Canterbury Road which caters for Year 11 and 12 VCE Students. A third campus is under construction in Hopetoun Road. In the future the building masterplan will see Years 10 to 12 situated in Ardlie Street, Years 7 and 8 in Hopetoun Road and Year 9 in Canterbury Road.
History.
The Sisters of Mercy established St Ann’s Convent, a girls day and boarding school, in 1872 on the present site of the Ardlie Street Campus. St Joseph’s Christian Brothers College opened in 1902. The two schools amalgamated in 1991 to become Emmanuel College. Since then there has been much growth, bringing all the facilities and curriculum choices of a large school. During the growth period, the school states that it has worked hard to retain its small-school atmosphere. 
Curriculum.
Emmanuel has a wide range of curriculum choices. Its special features are the Five Star Program for Year 7, the FLY program for Years 8 to 10 and a full range of options for senior students, including VCE, VET, VCAL and Australian School Based Apprenticeships. The F.L.Y. (Flexible Learning Years) program provides for students to be able to work at levels appropriate to their ability, rather than the traditional approach of being locked into units bound by their year level or age. Emmanuel College students can also gain nationally accredited qualifications in Agriculture whilst still at school.
Co Curricular Activities.
These include: Music activities and performances; Public speaking and Debating; Mooting; Duke of Edinburgh’s Award; Science Talent Search and other academic competitions; Eisteddfods; Drama Productions; a variety of team sports; Rowing; Equestrian Team; Agricultural Shows; Emmanuel’s Interactive Animal Nursery at the Fun4Kids Festival and Field Days; Chess, Book Club, optional camps and trips including study tours to France, Japan, New Caledonia, Switzerland and the Rock To Reef tours.
Sports.
Emmanuel College has created to the development of a number of students who have represented their state and country at world championships and the Commonwealth, Olympic and Paralympic Games. The College provides a wide range of sporting options and opportunities to compete in interschool carnivals. Everyone is encouraged to participate and for those who excel at and are committed to a particular sport, the Academy of Sport Program may be an option. This program covers all aspects of a chosen sport including skill development, diet, goal-setting, flexibility, training, strength, psychology and administration as well as the provision of quality coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19812601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812601" title="Manly, New Zealand">
Manly, New Zealand

Manly is a suburb on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula, towards the northern end of Auckland, New Zealand. Manly Village is an established shopping centre, with the residential areas of Big Manly to the north and Little Manly to the south. The area was once a seaside holiday location, but has become residential suburbs within commuting distance of central Auckland city. A significant proportion of the population is retired.
The population was 6,123 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 411 from 2001.
Education.
Whangaparaoa School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 9 and a roll of 730. The school celebrated its centenary in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19812609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812609" title="My Life in Orange">
My Life in Orange

My Life in Orange: Growing Up with the Guru is an account of a child growing up in the Rajneesh movement led by Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh. The book is a firsthand account, written by Tim Guest years after his experiences, at the age of 27. The book was published in 2004 by Granta Books. The book's title is a reference to the term "the orange people", which was used to refer to members of the Rajneesh movement due to the color they dyed their clothes.
Guest describes how his mother was initially raised in strict Catholicism, but later turned to a tape of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh after going through a period of experimenting with sex and drugs. She dyed all of her clothes orange, took on the name of "Ma Prem Vismaya", and "Yogesh" for her son, and moved to an Rajneesh movement commune near Bombay. Guest's mother moved to many different communes, and had leadership roles within the movement, eventually running a commune in Suffolk. Guest recounts how he regretted the absence of his mother's presence during this time, and describes controversial living conditions with other children at the various ashrams. Guest and his mother moved to the commune in Oregon, but his mother was demoted in position and sent to live at a different commune in Cologne. His family later disassociated from the Rajneesh movement and moved back to North London, where they each encountered difficulties reintegrating back into mainstream society.
"My Life in Orange" received generally positive reviews, and was highlighted in a "Top 20 non-fiction" list by "The Daily Telegraph", and a "50 Best Books for the Beach" by "The Independent". "Kirkus Reviews" called the book "a rightly disturbing record of malignant child neglect by people who sought a heaven, but made a hell", and William Leith of "New Statesman" described it as "an excellent study of what happens when a charismatic leader comes into contact with a group of rudderless, dispirited people". "Publishers Weekly" called it "an absorbing book about survival and good intentions gone awry".
Author.
Tim Guest attended Sussex University where he studied psychology, and obtained a M.A. degree in creative writing from the University of East Anglia. Guest was a journalist for "The Guardian" and "The Daily Telegraph". After the publication of "My Life in Orange", Guest later wrote a book about the phenomenon of electronic virtual worlds and video games, titled "", published in 2008 by Random House. On 31 July 2009, Guest died of a suspected heart attack at 34 years old. He was found dead by his wife Jo; despite her efforts to resuscitate him, she was unable to revive him. It was later determined that Guest had died of a morphine overdose.
Contents.
Tim Guest's mother Anne was born in 1950 into a Catholic family. She took courses in psychology at the University of Sheffield. His father was a psychologist on staff at the university. Guest's mother fell in love with another man when he was six months old. She became a feminist, studied Ronald David Laing, and experimented with sex and drugs. She gave birth to Tim Guest in 1975. Guest's mother became a follower of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh when Guest was a toddler, after listening to a cassette tape of Rajneesh which displayed the cover text "Surrender to me, and I will transform you", and was titled: "Meditation: the art of ecstasy". Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh taught his followers his perspective on chaotic therapy, sexual freedom and mysticism. She brought her son into the movement in 1979. She was given the name of "Ma Prem Vismaya" (Sanskrit: Mother Love Wonder), and dyed all of her clothes orange.
In 1981, his mother took him to live on an ashram operated by Rajneesh in Poona, India. Guest was renamed as "Yogesh" by Rajneesh. As the Rajneesh movement grew in influence and became involved in controversy, Guest's mother became more involved in the movement. Guest was moved to various Rajneeshee communes, including London, Devon, India, Oregon and Germany. Guest was moved at times to communes and sent to live without his mother. Guest's mother was involved in running the commune and his father lived in the United States. He was raised by other members of the Rajneesh movement, and lived with other children in the "ashrams".
His mother ran a commune called "Medina Rajneesh" in Suffolk, and Guest went to a school run on the commune where no history classes were given. Guest describes multiple rules he disliked which he had to observe while living on the Osho commune, including a restricted diet and mandated worship. His stuffed animals and books were taken away from him. He did not spend much time with his mother, because she was frequently working for the movement. When Rajneesh moved from India to Oregon, Guest and his mother moved to Oregon as well, and though Guest enjoyed roaming on the commune he still wished to spend time with his mother.
His mother was later demoted in leadership status by other members of the female leadership of the commune, and sent with Guest to a commune in Cologne. Guest had difficulty learning German, and spent time hiding behind a pile of mattresses with a book and playing with Legos. He describes his childhood in the Rajneesh movement as "somewhere in between Peter Pan and Lord of the Flies", and writes that he had 200 "mothers", but did not spend time with his own mother. According to Guest, group leaders in the Rajneesh movement often initiated fourteen and fifteen-year-old girls into sex. Guest and his mother left the movement when he was a teenager, and she burned all of her orange clothing. Guest himself left at first; he phoned his mother at age 10 to inform her he was leaving to live with his father in San Francisco.
When his mother left the group, Guest moved back with her to the United Kingdom. Guest, his mother and stepfather Martin moved to north London, and he began the process of experiencing adolescence in a society different from that inside the Rajneesh movement. Guest reentered society at age 11, and faced confusion over the contrast in experiences between his childhood in the Rajneesh movement and his new experiences as a teenager in London. He enrolled in the Haverstock School in north London, but had trouble during his teen years with drugs and alcohol. He had difficult relations with his stepfather, and had not spent much time with him prior to the move to London. Anne and Martin went through a period of time where they thought they were beings from a different world, and read books on UFOs. Guest fostered his interest in reading, and went on to study at university.
Reception.
"My Life in Orange" received generally positive reviews in book trade publications and in the media. "The New Yorker" critic John Lahr characterized "My Life in Orange" as "one of the best autobiographies of the decade". "The Daily Telegraph" placed the book in its "Top 20 non-fiction" list of "the year's best biographies, histories and memoirs" for 2004, and "The Independent" highlighted the book among its "50 Best Books for the Beach". A review in "Reference & Research Book News" commented that participants in the Rajneesh movement created "adults like Guest who are marked by the neglect suffered in a childhood among the completely self-absorbed". "Kirkus Reviews" described the book as "a rightly disturbing record of malignant child neglect by people who sought a heaven, but made a hell". "My Life in Orange" was highlighted among "Kirkus Reviews" "Best books for reading groups". In his review of the book for "M2 Best Books", Peter Haswell concluded: "A thoroughly enjoyable read and a fascinating insight into the workings of a commune along with the people, their beliefs and their attitudes. Both amusing and sad. Pretty much something for everyone."
The book received a favorable review in "New Statesman", and William Leith wrote: "This is an excellent study of what happens when a charismatic leader comes into contact with a group of rudderless, dispirited people. They follow him blindly. They let him get away with anything." Montagu Curzon of "The Spectator" wrote that "Guest makes an astonishingly mature debut (he is 27) and has the rare ability to describe childhood as a small child lives it; accepting, helpless, curious." Lois Kendall gave the book a positive review in "Cultic Studies Review", and wrote: "The book is deep, yet light and readable, both for those who have had similar life experiences and who, I am sure, will find solace in this book, and for those with no such personal experience, who will find the narrative fascinating." "Publishers Weekly" characterized "My Life in Orange" as "Honest and vivid, this is an absorbing book about survival and good intentions gone awry." Gillian Engberg of "Booklist" called the book a "stirring memoir", and wrote: "Guest writes with a reporter's sense of economy and restraint, letting absurd, even shocking details speak for themselves." Christopher Hart gave the book a positive review in "The Sunday Times", and wrote: "Tim Guest’s extraordinary account of his childhood in the communes of Bhagwan, the notorious Indian guru, is a survivor’s tale, poignant, funny and wise."
A review in "The Daily Telegraph" commented that "the main failure of Guest's otherwise excellent book is the absence of character: even his mother comes across rather as a history than a personality." "My Life in Orange, though slightly patchwork in its construction, is an absorbing piece of writing, all the more compelling for begging as many questions as it answers and for the author's refusal to ask for pity," wrote Geraldine Bedell in a review of the book in "The Observer". Director of the Cheltenham Festival of Literature, Christopher Cook, characterized "My Life in Orange" as "the most extraordinary account of his Guest's childhood and the bravest writing I've read in ages". Sudipta Datta of the "Indian Express" described the book as "a postcard from the past that the Osho ashram may not rave about." Datta noted though that after having been angry with his mother and Rajneesh, Guest had reconciled with his family, reclaimed his childhood and come to see Rajneesh as "a loveable rogue who got away with doing his own thing". Catherine A. Powers of "The Boston Globe" characterized the book as a "moving, superbly written account of growing up in the midst of ... cruel madness". Michael E. Young of "The Dallas Morning News" gave the book a favorable review, and wrote: "The book offers a glimpse into the thoughts of the followers, and examines the fine line between spirituality and insanity, between religion and cult." Shane Hegarty of "The Irish Times" characterized the book as "an intriguing and often humorous mix of straightforward 1980s nostalgia and cult delusion".

</doc>
<doc id="19812630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812630" title="National Association of Colleges and Employers">
National Association of Colleges and Employers

The National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE) is a nonprofit professional association established in 1956 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania for college career services and recruiting practitioners and others interested in the employment of the college educated.
Currently, more than 5,200 college career services practitioners at nearly 2,000 colleges and universities and more than 3,000 HR professionals focused on college relations and recruiting hold membership in NACE.
Ethics and professional standards.
NACE members operate under the association's "Principles for Professional Conduct", its code of ethics. The association provides its career services members with guidelines for their operations through the "Professional Standards for College & University Career Services" and employer members through "Professional Standards for University Relations and Recruiting".
Research.
NACE conducts research into four main areas: 1) benchmarks for members on their operations and professional practices; 2) the hiring outlook for new college graduates; 3) starting salary offers to new college graduates; and 4) student attitudes about careers, the job search, and employers.
Publications and events.
NACE publishes a quarterly journal and biweekly newsletter for its members. It also publishes the annual "Job Choices" magazine series for college students and new graduates.
NACE hosts an annual conference, a five-day training management program for career services professionals (the Management Leadership Institute), workshops, and virtual seminars.

</doc>
<doc id="19812631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812631" title="Australian 1½ Litre Formula">
Australian 1½ Litre Formula

The Australian 1½ Litre Formula was a motor racing category which was current in Australia from 1964 to 1968. The formula specified racing cars with four-cylinder unsupercharged engines using commercially available fuel and limited to 1500cc capacity. It occupied the second tier in Australian formula car racing, below the Australian National Formula (which specified a 2500cc engine capacity limit) and above Australian Formula 2 (1100cc) and Australian Formula 3 (1000cc).
Drivers of Australian 1½ Litre Formula cars contested their own national title, the Australian 1½ Litre Championship and were also eligible to compete alongside Australian National Formula drivers in the Australian Drivers' Championship, the Australian Grand Prix and the Tasman Cup Series. The Australian 1½ Litre Formula was discontinued as at the end of 1968 and the engine capacity limit for Australian Formula 2 was raised from 1100cc to 1600cc for 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19812642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812642" title="James Murdoch (singer)">
James Murdoch (singer)

James Murdoch is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter. He has released 5 full-length albums. Murdoch is a multi-instrumentalist, playing guitar, piano, mandolin, banjo and singing on his records, which he often helps produce himself. His 2007 release, "In Transit", was co-produced by compatriot Hawksley Workman.
Born in Whitehorse, Yukon, Murdoch now resides in Edmonton, Alberta. Murdoch has been described as a "Canadian John Mayer," and his sound has been compared to that of rock groups Blue Rodeo and Crowded House.
Biography.
Murdoch was born into an entertainment-oriented family; his father and uncles were writers and actors and his mother was both a concert producer and art director. He began playing music at an early age; at six, he could play the piano and guitar, and he first performed on national radio when he was just eight years old. By the time he was fourteen, Murdoch was touring northern Canada with numerous musicians and groups. He had released several albums with various bands by the time he graduated from high school. After traveling across North America and briefly settling in Victoria, British Columbia he found himself in Edmonton, where he now lives and runs a recording studio, Norwood Studio, with Captain Tractor frontman Chris Wynters. Murdoch has stated that one of his biggest musical influences is the Blue Rodeo album "Five Days in July" (1984). "Every time I put it on, I feel a sense of inspiration and comfort," he explains. "I always want to pick up my guitar when I hear it and just write. I've played music for over 10 years, starting in rock bands like many do, but I was always drawn to want to write in the sweet, melodic mystery of "Five Days". When I finally started to do my solo thing, that record lent me the motivation to move toward the folk-pop style that I now attempt to pursue." Murdoch ended up working with Blue Rodeo producer John Whynot in 2005.
His debut album, "Polyphonic", earned him a Pop Album of the Year nod at the 2002 Prairie Music Awards. He has been nominated for several Western Canadian Music Awards, including three nominations in 2008 for his album "In Transit": Outstanding Pop Recording, Video of the Year and Best Album Design, for the artwork designed by Nick Perreault, whom Murdoch toured with in the fall of 2008. "In Transit" took almost three years to write and record; it was recorded and scrapped twice before Hawksley Workman was brought in to work on a third version of the record with Murdoch, and that version saw eventual release in the fall of 2007.
In the fall of 2008 James was released from his contract with Indica Records allowing him to independently self-record and produce his latest album, Wondering Where The Rush Has Gone. The album, the first released as the James Murdoch Band, marked a return to working with John Whynot, who mixed and mastered it. The album is rootsier than his previous efforts and was largely recorded live off the floor. It was released June 9, 2009 on Shameless Records.
The James Murdoch Band.
Murdoch has recorded all his four albums with his band; together they are known as the James Murdoch Band. His band accompanies him on most tours. 

</doc>
<doc id="19812650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812650" title="Swimming at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of 146 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19812677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812677" title="Little Manly">
Little Manly

Little Manly is the name of two places:

</doc>
<doc id="19812687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812687" title="In the Basement (song)">
In the Basement (song)

"In The Basement" was the first single to be lifted of Australian urban singer Jade MacRae's second album Get Me Home. The single didn't fare well in the charts due to lack of Radio airplay.
MacRae says of the song, "I wrote In The Basement on a whirlwind writing trip to Sweden in early 2007. I was lucky enough to work with Arnthor Birgisson, one of the incredible writers from Max Martin’s famous Maratone Studios in Stockholm. We had one day together. He had a huge collection of vintage synths and we ended up with a banging electro club track.".
"In The Basement" won the 2008 APRA songwriting award for "Urban Work Of The Year".
Video.
The music video for "In The Basement" features Bobby Morley (who MacRae was partnered with during season 2 of "It Takes Two"). Choreography was done by Marko Panzic, who would later go on to reach the Top 20 in series one of "So You Think You Can Dance Australia". (Panzic also appears in the video, along with fellow future Top 20 "SYTYCD" finalist Kassy Lee).

</doc>
<doc id="19812693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812693" title="Christophe Deylaud">
Christophe Deylaud

Christophe Deylaud (born 2 October 1964 in Toulouse) is a former French rugby union footballer and a current coach. He played as a fly-half and as a centre.
Deylaud first played at Portet-sur-Garonne, moving then to Blagnac SCR, where he stayed from 1985/86 to 1989/90. He played two seasons at RC Toulon, joining then Stade Toulousain. He went to win four titles of French Champion, for 1994, 1995, 1996 and 1997, and the Heineken Cup, in 1996. He also won twice the Challenge Yves-du-Manoir, in 1993 and 1995. Deylaud finished his career at SU Agen. He then become assistant coach for the same club. He is currently the head coach of SU Agen.
Deylaud was capped 16 times for France, from 1992 to 1995, being selected for the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals. During his international career, he scored 1 try, 5 penalties, 11 conversions and 3 drop goals, 51 points in aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="19812736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812736" title="Xanthopterin">
Xanthopterin

Xanthopterin is a yellow, crystalline solid that occurs mainly in the wings of butterflies and in the urine of mammals. Small microorganisms convert it into folic acid. It is the end product of a non-conjugated pteridine compound and inhibits the growth of lymphocytes produced by concanavalin. High levels of the chemical were found in patients with liver disease and hemolysis, the latter increasing levels by 35%.
It has been suggested that the Oriental hornet uses xanthopterin as a light-harvesting molecule to transform light into electrical energy, which may explain why the insects are more active when light intensity is greater. Although no explicit biochemical mechanism has been determined for this animal light-to-energy conversion system, it remains an active and important area of scientific research (Plotkin et al., Naturwissenschaften (2010) 97:1067–1076).

</doc>
<doc id="19812742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812742" title="Esther Figueiredo Ferraz">
Esther Figueiredo Ferraz

Esther Figueiredo Ferraz (February 6, 1916 – September 23, 2008) was the first female Minister to serve in the government of Brazil. Ferraz served as the Brazilian Minister of Education from 1982 until 1985.
Esther Ferraz was born in Sao Paulo on February 6, 1929. She was a member of the Academia Paulista de Letras. Ferraz earned a law degree and became a lawyer. She went onto to become the first woman to chair the Brazilian Bar Association (Ordem dos Advogados do Brasil), or OAB, beginning in 1949. Ferraz later became the first woman to teach and lecture at the University of São Paulo (USP).
She served on the São Paulo state Board of Education from 1963 to 1964. Ferraz held the post of Director of Higher Education of the Ministry of Education and Culture (Diretora do Ensino Superior do Ministério da Educação e Cultura) from 1966 until 1967 under the government of Castello Branco. She later served on the Federal Council of Education (Conselho Federal de Educação) between 1969 and 1982.
Esther Ferraz became the first female Minister of Education and Culture from 1982 until 1985 under the government of President João Figueiredo. In doing so, she became the first woman to head a Brazilian government ministry.
She authored several books, including "Mulheres Freqüentemente" and "Prostituição e Criminalidade Feminina", which dealt with women and prostitution.
Esther Ferraz died of a cerebral hemorrhage at the Hospital do Coração in São Paulo, Brazil, on September 23, 2008, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="19812743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812743" title="Dennis Wagner">
Dennis Wagner

Dennis Wagner (born March 9, 1958 in Waverly, Iowa) is the former head football coach of the Western Carolina Catamounts located in Cullowhee, North Carolina. He took over as the twelfth head coach of the Catamounts on December 31, 2007 and resigned on November 13, 2011. He now serves as offensive coordinator at Liberty.
Playing career.
1976, Drake; 1977, Ellsworth (Iowa) Community College; 1978–79, Utah
Wagner begin his collegiate playing days in 1976 at Drake, then transferred to Ellsworth
(Iowa) Community College where he became a JUCO All-American and team captain. Wagner completed 
his career at the University of Utah, and was selected team captain his senior season. He earned All-Western Athletic Conference (WAC) honors and an honorable-mention All-America honor as an offensive guard.

</doc>
<doc id="19812754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812754" title="Table tennis at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of 28 events, 17 for men and 11 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19812772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812772" title="Djin (album)">
Djin (album)

Djin is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena. The album was originally released exclusively in Japan in October 2008, where it became the band's most commercially successful album to date, peaking at #120 on the Oricon Albums Chart. The album was later released in the UK in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19812778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812778" title="Holy Trinity Cathedral, Blaj">
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Blaj

The Holy Trinity Cathedral () in Blaj, Romania is a Romanian Greek Catholic cathedral commissioned by bishop Inocențiu Micu-Klein in 1738. The church was built by Viennese architects Anton Erhard Martinelli and Johann Baptist Martinelli, being completed in 1749.
The building was extended in 1838, when the two monumental towers were added.

</doc>
<doc id="19812825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812825" title="Volleyball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Volleyball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Volleyball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's team event. Sitting volleyball was also included as a demonstration event.

</doc>
<doc id="19812826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812826" title="Moore-Turner Garden">
Moore-Turner Garden

The Moore-Turner Heritage Gardens are located in Pioneer Park, Spokane, Washington. Built between 1889 and 1932 as a residential garden for original property owner, Frank Rockwood Moore, on the grounds of his home, the property was later acquired by United States Senator George Turner in 1896. Turner hired Hugh Bryan in 1911 to make improvements to the Victorian-influenced design following the then popular Arts and Crafts movement.
In 1945, the Spokane Park Board bought the property and combined it with the D.C. Corbin property to the east to form Pioneer Park. The gardens, maintained by the City of Spokane Parks and Recreation Department, opened to public use in 2007 following a three year restoration project funded through donations, grants, and a major donation from Myrtle Woldson. The gardens include plants introduced prior to 1915, a tea house, a rose garden, perennial garden, and a pond. The historic garden is a contributing property to the Marycliff-Cliff Park Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places and in 2008, it won the Valerie Sivinski Award for Outstanding Achievement in Historic Preservation from the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation.
External links.
Moore-Turner Heritage Garden official site

</doc>
<doc id="19812860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812860" title="Weightlifting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of six events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19812893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812893" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19812895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812895" title="Remove the Earth (album)">
Remove the Earth (album)

Remove the Earth is the debut full-length album by Christian thrash metal band Advent. It was released February 12, 2008 through Solid State Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19812904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812904" title="List of white nationalist organizations">
List of white nationalist organizations

The following is the list of well-known white nationalist organizations, groups and related media:
White nationalism is a political ideology which advocates a racial definition of national identity for white people; some white nationalists advocate a separate all-white nation state. White separatism and white supremacism are subgroups within white nationalism. The former seek a separate white nation state, while the latter add ideas from social Darwinism and National Socialism to their ideology. The vast majority of white nationalists are separatists, and only a smaller number are supremacists. Both schools of thought generally avoid the term "supremacy", saying it has negative connotations.
Catalonia.
See also "Catalan nationalism"

</doc>
<doc id="19812909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812909" title="Gleaner Manufacturing Company">
Gleaner Manufacturing Company

The Gleaner Manufacturing Company was an American manufacturer of combine harvesters. It built the first self-propelled combines, and it was a popular brand for many decades, first as an independent firm, then later as a division of Allis-Chalmers. The Gleaner brand continues today under the ownership of AGCO. 
History.
Gleaner combines date back to 1923, when the Baldwin brothers of Nickerson, Kansas, created the best and most reliable self-propelled combine harvester. They decided to use the "Gleaner" name for their radically redesigned grain harvesting machine based on inspiration from "The Gleaners", a famous 1857 painting by Jean-François Millet. "Gleaning" is the act of collecting leftover crops from farmers' fields after they have been commercially harvested, or on fields where it is not economically profitable to harvest, and in the broadest sense, it is the act of frugally recovering resources from low-yield contexts. Thus with the "Gleaner" name, the company evoked a positive connotation in potential customers' minds, of a brand of harvester that would leave none of the grain behind. A combine harvester combines the reaping, binding, and threshing functions all into one machine—hence the "combine" part of its name. To that list, the Baldwin brothers' Gleaner added self-propulsion. Earlier combines, the so-called pull-type or tractor-drawn combines, were towed by tractors. 
The original Gleaner design was mounted on a Fordson Model F. It had an original retail price of USD $950 FOB from the factory in Nickerson. This design was manufactured between 1923 and 1928. 
The Gleaner was one of the pioneers in self-propelled combines. They were often considered the "Cadillac" of the industry because of this feature and because of their sound engineering. Buescher (1991) credited the design principally to one of the brothers, Curt Baldwin, and explained that it focused on the needs of "custom cutters" like the Baldwin brothers themselves—contractors who move north with the harvest season, selling harvesting services to farmers. It resulted in machines that were extraordinarily reliable and useful, which benefited not only custom cutters but anyone who bought a Gleaner. The short wheelbase and axle track allowed the combine to fit on a truck. The grain header did not need to be detached for transit, because it fit over the cab of the truck. Buescher said, "Since custom cutters didn't know where their next parts supply source would be, Baldwin designed his combine so that it wouldn't need parts." (Buescher's tongue-in-cheek point is that the machines were designed and built well so that need for repairs would be minimal.) The frame was "like a bridge" in its strength. The bearings were chosen with service in mind—large and good quality (to obviate service) and of common sizes (so that the operator could carry merely a small stock of spares in his truck and yet be certain to have the size he needed when a replacement did become necessary). The Gleaner's exterior sheet metal was galvanized (zinc plated), giving it weather resistance superior to that of typical farm equipment, which was painted but not plated. As Buescher said, "Baldwin reasoned that most of his combines would sit outdoors. Texas and Oklahoma dust storms have a way of peeling paint off of machinery." As a result of the silver color of the zinc plating, the Gleaner brand ended up having a distinctive color (just as Allis had Persian Orange, IH had red, and John Deere had green), despite the sheet metal not even having any paint. 
During the Great Depression, owing mostly to the collapse of the farm economy and the Dust Bowl, the Baldwins' company fell into bankruptcy in the 1930s as equipment sales plummeted. William James Brace acquired the company with his son-in-law, George Reuland. The pair along with other investors brought the company back to profitability and maintained ownership until 1955. During World War II the factory, like many others, switched over its production to war materiel. 
By the late 1940s and early 1950s, other farm equipment manufacturers were offering increased competition to Gleaner, having introduced their own versions of self-propelled combines. 
In 1955, Allis-Chalmers acquired Gleaner. This represented commercial renewal for Gleaner with the production and marketing success of various new models and technologies. It also represented a great gain for Allis-Chalmers. Allis was the market leader in pull-type (tractor-drawn) combines, with its All-Crop Harvester line. But acquiring Gleaner meant that it would now also be a leader in self-propelled machines, and it would own two of the leading brands in combines. The Gleaner line augmented (and later superseded) the All-Crop Harvester line, and for several years Gleaner's profits made up nearly all of Allis-Chalmers' profit. Gleaners continued to be manufactured at the same factory, in Independence, Missouri, after the acquisition. 
In 1979, Gleaner released its first rotary combine, the N6. It was soon followed by the N5 and N7. The latter was the largest combine of its time, with grain headers as wide as . 
In 1985, Allis-Chalmers sold their farm machinery manufacturing business to Deutz AG and became known as Deutz-Allis, and in 1991, its North American operations became AGCO. Despite several ownership changes, the Gleaner brand never ceased to be produced or marketed. However, between 1985 and 2000, Gleaner lost significant market share, to other manufacturers with broader dealer bases and farm equipment product lines that had clear marketing and customer service advantages. Another attribute that did not bode well for Gleaner was that some of their combines were now built with the air-cooled Deutz engine, which was a departure from water-cooled engines predominantly found in most other industrial and agricultural applications. 
In 2000, AGCO moved the Gleaner manufacturing operations from Independence, Missouri to its Hesston, Kansas facility, which featured modernized manufacturing equipment and techniques. It also centralized the engineering and production functions into one location. The Hesston facility is 35 miles east of Nickerson, Kansas, where the Baldwin brothers started the Gleaner company in 1923.
Firsts.
Some of the firsts introduced by the Gleaner were: an auger that replaced canvas drapers, a rasp bar threshing cylinder instead of a spike-tooth arrangement, and a down-front cylinder that put threshing closer to the crop. In 1972 Gleaner was the first manufacturer to use electro-hydraulic controls, an innovation that other companies didn't incorporate until 25 years later. 
Gleaner also explored use of turbocharged diesel engines far before the competition. Records going back to October of 1962 list the 262-cubic-inch turbo-diesel engine as being available for the model "C".
Another Gleaner innovation was a "rock door" to protect the machine from damaged due to stones that it might pick up while harvesting. If a Gleaner combine ingests a rock, the rock door simply pops open and drops the stone on the ground preventing damage to the cylinder and concave bars, unlike other machines that use a "rock trap" that the operator must periodically clean out or dump.
Today.
Gleaners are still in production under AGCO. The Gleaner brand is marketed in North America, South America, and Australia.
Three models are currently available, the S67, S77, and S88 which are Class VI, VII, and VIII combines, respectively. These combines still utilize the transverse rotor which was originally introduced in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19812910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812910" title="Feminist Approaches to Bioethics">
Feminist Approaches to Bioethics

Feminist Approaches to Bioethics (International Network on Feminist Approaches to Bioethics), or FAB, is a network of feminists in bioethics, adding feminist perspectives to ethical issues in health care and the biosciences. It publishes a journal, the International Journal of Feminist Approaches to Bioethics and is affiliated with the International Association of Bioethics with which it meets.
FAB was formed in 1992 at the inaugural meeting of the IAB. Its aims are to create a more inclusive bioethical theory, from the viewpoint of disadvantaged groups, such as women. It critiques bioethical theory that privileges groups with power.

</doc>
<doc id="19812913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812913" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1976 Summer Paralympics consisted of fourteen events, ten for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19812930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812930" title="Let's Get Ready (organization)">
Let's Get Ready (organization)

Let's Get Ready (LGR) is a non-profit organization that provides low-income high school students with free SAT preparation, admissions counseling and other support services needed to gain admission to and graduate from college. Trained college student volunteers deliver these services and offer encouragement, inspiration and confidence. Programs are based at colleges, staffed by college student volunteers. Let's Get Ready is the largest network of student-run college access programs in the U.S., serving approximately 2,500 U.S. high school students per year.
Mission and Vision Statements.
Vision
Let's Get Ready envisions a future when students from all socioeconomic backgrounds have the support they need to attain a college education.
Mission
Let's Get Ready provides low-income high school students with free SAT preparation, admissions counseling and other support services needed to gain admission to and graduate from college. Trained college student volunteers deliver these services and offer encouragement, inspiration and confidence.
History.
Started in 1998 by a group of college-age students in Westchester, NY the organization grew from a local program to Harvard University. In 2000, the College Board gave LGR money to replicate their program in NYC schools. In 2007, Goldman Sachs gave the New England LGR programs $400,000 to help expand programs. This money accounted for one-third of the budget for these programs. , LGR ran 40 programs throughout the Northeast. The program has a partnership with Teach for America.
The Let's Get Ready Model.
LGR runs afterschool programs that prepare students for college and tutor them for the SATs. The course is open to high school juniors and seniors (grade 11 - 12 in USA).
LGR program managers recruit highly skilled college students who are passionate about education and/or college access to serve as paid site directors. New site directors are chosen for each site each semester, although there is room for continuity. Site Directors recruit talented college coaches and eager high school students, typically working with a site partner, which may be a community center (for example, LGR works with the Goddard Riverside Center), a college program (for example, LGR works extensively with the CUNY Black Male Initiative), or a high school (for example, LGR runs a program that sends Columbia University students to Frederick Douglass Academy). LGR then provides training to the college coaches and support to site directors, and the program begins.
Each high school student receives 39 hours of completely free SAT preparation lessons, including practice tests, and 15 hours of college guidance. Students and coaches often develop powerful bonds, and many coaches return year after year.
Students benefit greatly from LGR, posting an average 110 point increase in SAT scores. Many students have seen scores rise by 300-400 points.
Over 90% of LGR program graduates go directly to college after high school.
Programs.
Summer.
Boston, MA
Bridgeport, CT
Brockton, MA
Bronx, NY
Brooklyn, NY
Cambridge, MA
Dorchester, MA
Harlem, NY
Lawrence, MA
Manhattan, NY
Mount Vernon, NY
New Haven, CT
New Rochelle, NY
New York City
Norwalk, CT
Queens, NY
Stamford, CT
Summit, NJ
White Plains, NY
Worcester, MA
Providence, RI
Alumni.
The organization has over 10,000 alumni who have studied at prestigious universities across the country. Alumni go on to become leaders in diverse fields with a passion for their communities. The organization prides itself on the number of program participants who have returned to LGR as coaches, Site Directors, and staff members, continuing the cycle of service.

</doc>
<doc id="19812960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812960" title="P.J. Perry">
P.J. Perry

Paul John (P.J.) Perry Guloien (born 2 December 1941 in Calgary) is a jazz saxophonist from Edmonton, Alberta. He has won one Juno award as a solo artist, and one for his work with The Rob McConnell Tentet.
Perry was born to prominent western Canadian band leader Paul Perry and Margaret Yeo. Early in life they moved around Canada between Medicine Hat, Regina, Sylvan Lake and Vancouver. He learned to play the clarinet and piano before becoming a saxophonist for his father's band. Perry, known for his bebop-influenced style of play, is active across Canada as a studio musician, jazz soloist, concert performer, and recording artist with Justin Time Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19812974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812974" title="Biofuels by region">
Biofuels by region

The use of biofuels varies by region and with increasing oil prices there is a renewed interest in it as an energy source.
Recognizing the importance of implementing bioenergy, there are international organizations such as IEA Bioenergy, established in 1978 by the OECD International Energy Agency (IEA), with the aim of improving cooperation and information exchange between countries that have national programs in bioenergy research, development and deployment. The U.N. International Biofuels Forum is formed by Brazil, China, India, South Africa, the United States and the European Commission. The world leaders in biofuel development and use are Brazil, United States, France, Sweden and Germany.
Biofuels by region.
Developing countries.
Biofuel industries are becoming established in many developing countries. Many developing countries have extensive biomass resources that are becoming more valuable as demand for biomass and biofuels increases. The approaches to biofuel development in different parts of the world varies. Countries such as India and China are developing both bioethanol and biodiesel programs. India is extending plantations of jatropha, an oil-producing tree that is used in biodiesel production. The Indian sugar ethanol program sets a target of 5% bioethanol incorporation into transport fuel. China is a major bioethanol producer and aims to incorporate 15% bioethanol into transport fuels by 2010. Costs of biofuel promotion programs can be very high, though.
In rural populations in developing countries, biomass provides the majority of fuel for heat and cooking. Wood, animal dung and crop residues are commonly burned. Figures from the International Energy Agency (IEA) show that biomass energy provides around 30% of the total primary energy supply in developing countries; over 2 billion people depend on biomass fuels as their primary energy source.
The use of biomass fuels for cooking indoors is a source of health problems and pollution. 1.3 million deaths were attributed to the use of biomass fuels with inadequate ventilation by the International Energy Agency in its World Energy Outlook 2006. Proposed solutions include improved stoves and alternative fuels. However, fuels are easily damaged, and alternative fuels tend to be expensive. Very low cost, fuel efficient, low pollution biomass stove designs have existed since 1980 or earlier. Issues are a lack of education, distribution, corruption, and very low levels of foreign aid. People in developing countries often cannot afford these solutions without assistance or financing such as microloans. Organizations such as Intermediate Technology Development Group work to make improved facilities for biofuel use and better alternatives accessible to those who cannot get them.

</doc>
<doc id="19812988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812988" title="Gleaner Company">
Gleaner Company

The Gleaner Company Ltd is a newspaper publishing enterprise in Jamaica. Established in 1834 by Joshua and Jacob De Cordova, the company's primary product is "The Gleaner", a morning broadsheet published six days each week. It also publishes a Sunday paper, the "Sunday Gleaner", and an evening tabloid, "The Star". Overseas weekly editions are published in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
The company is headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica.
Overview.
The Gleaner Company Limited is a Jamaica-based newspaper company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries are the publication and printing of newspapers and radio broadcasting. The Company’s subsidiaries include Independent Radio Company Limited (IRC)- Power 106, and Music 99 FM, Gleaner Online Limited, Creek Investments Limited, Selectco Publications Limited, GV Media Group Limited and The Gleaner Company (Canada) Inc. and The Gleaner Company (USA) Limited.
There were approximately 417 direct employees. In addition to these direct employees, the Company’s business depends on contractors and vendors who are business people trading in their own right. Then there are also motor contractors, rural agents, space writers, correspondents, freelance photographers and contributors. In total, some 4,000 people in Jamaica are involved in the Gleaner's operations.
History.
"The Gleaner" commenced publication in the year 1834. It was founded by two brothers, Jacob and Joshua deCordova.
In 1898 it became a publicly registered company and is listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange.
From 1834 until mid-1969, the Gleaner Company was situated at various locations on Harbour Street, principally at 148–156 Harbour Street, with some departments operating from 146-161 Harbour Street. Continued growth prompted the company to erect the present building at 7 North Street, where construction work on the plant commenced on 1 February 1967. It was completed in 1969 and blessed by religious leaders in the community on 26 May of that year. By Monday, 14 July of the same year, the company conducted its business entirely on the new premises.
As the need became apparent for the western end of the island to be better serviced, a branch office was established in Montego Bay in 1966, and later advertising offices were opened in Ocho Rios and Mandeville.
Around the world.
GO-JAMAICA Internet Web Site: "The Gleaner"’s web site provides people throughout the world with current news and tourism information and for returning residents, a special package explaining customs procedures, duty structures, important guidelines and the like. 
GO-LOCAL Internet Web Sites: These web sites feature city/parish news and information. The content and feature areas include community awareness, family, business, education, entertainment and games, news and communication (chats rooms & hot issues forum – discussion areas).
Other products and services.
The Gleaner Archive is an online database containing more than 970,000 historical newspaper pages from the Gleaner newspaper. The full-page newspapers, dating back to 1834, are added to the site three months after publication and are searchable by keyword and date, making it easy for subscribers to quickly explore historical content. This database allows subscribers to gain a local perspective on historical news, to research family history or to simply read about persons or events of interest.
The Jamaica Directory of Personalities
"The Jamaica Directory of Personalities", published by Selectco Publications Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Gleaner Company Limited, is a representation of personalities in Jamaica who have contributed to the country’s development. There continues to be much support for and interest in this publication
"Black Pages"
The "Black Pages Directory" is a resource guide created to help users find products and services within Canada’s Black and Caribbean communities in the Greater Toronto area and Hamilton Ontario. The directory is also available online at www.blackpages.ca.
Social programmes.
The Gleaner Company has a long history of public service and is committed to the development of the nations through its corporate projects. Among these are:
The Gleaner Honour Awards -- this is the Company’s annual flagship event programme that recognises individuals and organizations having contributed significantly to improving Jamaica’s quality of life.
The Gleaner’s Children’s Own Spelling Bee, which in 2009 celebrated 51 years with the 2009 champion, Shari-Jo Miller, who represented Jamaica in the Scripps Spelling Bee in Washington DC.
Newspaper in Education -- a programme, which distributes Gleaner publications to 100 schools each year.
PALS Jamaica -- a non-profit organization, established in conjunction with other media houses and private sector companies to teach and encourage conflict resolution in schools.
CSEC Seminars -- The Gleaner provides face-to-face assistance to students and teachers through seminars in Kingston, St. James and Westmoreland each year. Its Youthlink CSEC Seminar is a very popular annual seminar teaching students strategies o earn the best grades on the CSEC examination. In the pre-Easter week of each year, graders of these regional examinations are used to give the students the highest level of exposure and the best opportunity to succeed at the examination. Thousands of students and scores of teachers have benefited free of cost from this programme so far.
Teacher’s Day -- On Teacher’s Day the Gleaner management team engage students in several primary and secondary-level schools as they provided relief for teachers in honour of Teacher’s Day.
Crime Stop -- In association with the other media houses, the Gleaner publishes information relating to crimes to assist the police.
Award programmes.
The Governor General’s Achievement Award, co-sponsored by the Gleaner Company in association with Jamaica National Building Society, Scotia Jamaica Building Society, Victoria Mutual Building Society and First Caribbean International Building Society, gives recognition to a person from each parish who has secured social and economical mobility in spite of challenging circumstances, and has been involved in community outreach. Youth Awards are given to persons under 35 years old who embody the principles of excellence in various fields of endeavour.
Other awards programmes sponsored by the Gleaner Company included the NCB Nation Builders Award, First Global Vision Awards, the JIM Manager of the Year Awards and the Youth View Awards.
Entertainment events.
In 2009 The Star increased its promotional involvement in the Digicel Rising Stars programme. The contestants visited the Gleaner Company and video clips of this were televised over a period of one week on TVJ. An Editors forum was held with the group and a Star Celebrity Vendor promotion was conducted with the top 3 contestants in Half-Way-Tree.
Other entertainment events sponsored by the company included the Shaggy & Friends Dare to Care Concert, dancing Dynamites, Osmosis, Miss Jamaica World, Ity and Fancy Cat Show, take me away, Jam Reggae Opera Yes, and Downtown Carnival.
Restaurant Week, organized by SSCO in association with the Gleaner, was another successful Gleaner sponsorship. The event offers discounted dining in restaurants for one week in November of each year and has become an important part of Jamaica’s entertainment calendar. For the first time in 2009, restaurants in Montego Bay and Ochio Rios were included in the promotion, necessitating the change of its name from ‘Kingston Restaurant Week’ to ‘Restaurant Week’.
Education and youth programmes.
Each year, through the Burger King National Schools Debate, a number of students are given the opportunity to hone their research, analytical and presentation skills in the annual Burger King National Schools Debates competition. The Gleaner, through its Youthlink magazine, has been a long-standing partner of the programme.
Other Education and Youth programmes supported by the Gleaner Company included the TVJ All Together Sing Competition, The JLS National Reading Competition, Choices Expo and its Publications, and JTA activities.
Economic stimulation.
In December 2009, The Gleaner Company Limited partnered with the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation and other organizations to host ‘Christmas in the City: Downtown Kingston Comes Alive’. The objective was to stimulate economic activity in Downtown Kingston in response to the reduction in business activity.Widely promoted and covered by Gleaner properties, this one-day event was well received by merchants and shoppers filled the streets in a festive and safe environment. Others have approached The Gleaner Company with an interest in replicating the project.
The Gleaner Company continues its support of trade expos and activities of organizations such as the Jamaica Chamber of Commerce, The Jamaica Stock Exchange and the Private Sector Organisation of Jamaica (PSOJ) in their pursuit of supporting national economic objectives.
Corporate awards.
The Gleaner Company received the Award for Excellence at the Pineapple Ball, Ritz Carlton Rose Hall in Montego Bay on October 3, 2009.
Notable years in the life of the company.
1834 September 13: first publication was a 4-page weekly newspaper printed at 66 West Harbour Street along with the "Mercantile Intelligencer". It began life as "The Gleaner and Weekly Compendium of News", published on Saturdays only, at a quarterly subscription rate of 10 shillings in Kingston, and 13 shillings and four pence in the rural areas.
December: changed the name to "The Gleaner: A weekly family newspaper devoted to literature, morality, the arts and sciences, and amusements".
1836 Merger of deCordova’s "Advertising Sheet" with "The Gleaner" to produce a 4-page paper, published every day except Sundays.
1875 "The Gleaner" was printed on a steam-driven press.
1882 Fire destroyed its plant at 148 Harbour Street and "The Gleaner" was printed at The Government Printing Office for two weeks.
1897 June 10: "The Gleaner" became a public company.
1902 "The Gleaner" increased its size to 16-pages and sold for one penny.
1907 January 14: An earthquake and subsequent fire destroyed the building on Harbour Street, four days later the newspaper was on the streets again, and printing being done at the Government Printing Office for a time.
1908 Rapid expansion with the introduction of three linotype machines.
1912 A Photo-engraving department was installed.
1917 Hoe Rotary Press was installed.
1920 Motor delivery routes were established.
1925 "The Pink Sheet" magazine was added to the "Saturday Gleaner".
1939 September 10: The first "Sunday Gleaner" was published, right after World War II started.
1950 June 11: The first "Children's Own" newspaper was published.
1951 July: The first "Overseas Gleaner" (now "The Weekly Gleaner") was published.
November 24: The first "Star" was published.
1959 The Company installed a Crabtree rotary press, which allowed the "Gleaner" to print nine(9) colours and the Star six(6) colours.
1960 Branch offices were established, the first was located in Montego Bay.
1962 "The Weekend Star" was introduced, 24-pages with an eight (8) -page entertainment section, priced at three (3) pence.
1963 "The Sunday Magazine" was added to "The Sunday Gleaner".
1964 "Gleaner" shares quoted on the Jamaica Stock Market at 12 shillings per five-shilling share.
1969 "The Gleaner" “The Old Lady of Harbour Street” began operating at 7 North Street, Central Kingston, its current location, where a six-unit Crabtree rotary press was installed.
1982 Major computer system installed - making it one of the first newspapers in the Caribbean to switch over to new technology.
1992 7 December: Name change from "The Daily Gleaner" to "The Gleaner".
1993 The Company signed an agreement with System Integrators, Inc. (SII) to provide news publishing solutions.
1994 The Company installed a 16-unit Goss Urbanite press and a new Pre-Press system with facility to fully paginate each newspaper page.
1997 February 16: Launch of web site at 
June 9, The Gleaner Company Ltd. begun printing of "The Miami Herald" - International Satellite Edition on daily basis. This operation discontinued on March 31, 1999
1999 March 31, "The Gleaner" stopped printing "The Miami Herald" - International Satellite Version
2000 April: "The Story of The Gleaner: Memoirs and Reminiscences" of the newspaper was published.
2001 Local websites launched go-Kingston and go-Montego Bay.
recognizing excellence in local music.
2002 "London Extr"a first published - October 25
2004 "Hospitality Jamaica" was first published. (October 13)

</doc>
<doc id="19812989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812989" title="Gubben Noak">
Gubben Noak

"Gubben Noak" (originally "Om gubben Noach och hans fru" or just "Gubben Noach", and since 1791 also "Fredmans sång n:o 35") is a traditional Swedish song, a drinking song and bible travesty written in 1766 (or possibly earlier), with text by Carl Michael Bellman. The song is probably the best known of all Bellman's works.
The song.
The setting in the song is when Noah from the Old Testament had come to rest on the mountains of Ararat, and is inspired by the Book of Genesis 9:20–21, when Noah established a vineyard and got drunk from drinking the wine. From there ends the bible connection. The song is, along with songs number 36–43, for instance "Joakim uti Babylon" and "Ahasverus var så mäktig", one of the biblical travesties that made Bellman popular during the 1760s.
Distribution.
Being somewhat afraid of the church, Bellman chose to first publish the song anonymously on broadsheets throughout the country; although it was generally known at the time who had composed the song. 
In 1768 the Lund chapter reacted by sending a letter to the priests of the diocese, attempting to collect all prints and transcripts of "Gubben Noach" and other biblical travesties, in order to have them destroyed.
In 1791 "Gubben Noak" was included in the song book "Fredmans sånger", along with eight other biblical travesties, such as "Gubben Loth och hans gamla Fru" ("Songs of Fredman" no 35–43).
Melody.
Earlier sources for the song's melody have not been found. The same melody has been used for other songs, including the popular Swedish children's song "Björnen sover".
Children's song.
Simplified and more innocent versions of the song have become popular as children's songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19812991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812991" title="USS Yank (SP-908)">
USS Yank (SP-908)

USS "Yank" (SP-908) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Yank" was a motorboat built in 1917 by Julius Peterson at Nyack, New York. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy for World War I service on 8 October 1917 from Mr. N. Ackerman of New York City and commissioned on 10 October 1917.
Assigned to the 3rd Naval District, "Yank" patrolled the coast of Rhode Island and Connecticut for the rest of the participation of the United States in World War I.
"Yank" briefly remained on the Navy List after the armistice on 11 November 1918 but was finally returned to her former owner on 14 February 1919. Her name was simultaneously struck from the Navy List.

</doc>
<doc id="19812993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19812993" title="Mobile-assisted language learning">
Mobile-assisted language learning

Mobile Assisted Language Learning (MALL) describes an approach to language learning that is assisted or enhanced through the use of a handheld mobile device.
MALL is a subset of both Mobile Learning (m-learning) and Computer-assisted language learning (CALL). MALL has evolved to support students’ language learning with the increased use of mobile technologies such as mobile phones (cellphones), MP3 and MP4 players, PDAs and devices such as the iPhone or iPad. With MALL, students are able to access language learning materials and to communicate with their teachers and peers at any time, anywhere.
History.
1980s
1990s
2000s
Current Trends.
Today, due to the growth of wireless and emerging technologies, MALL is available through numerous devices including mobile phones, iPods, tablet PCs, hand-held computers, PDAs, MP3 players, Smartphones and more. MALL designers have begun to move away from merely copying the traditions of standard non-mobile language learning and are implementing techniques that maximize the benefits of these new devices. The increasing number of possible delivery tools has spawned a wide range of mobile language learning programs, from very-short tutorials to full courses. The number of people capable of producing MALL content is also on the rise, due largely to a combination of increased popularity, demand and the advent of content generation tools that simplify the programming process through the use of templates and macros.
MALL currently serves not only as a primary source of language education for students but also supports the retention and utilization of newly acquired language skills—however they were acquired. Through mobile participation in short exercises and tasks, learners are able to keep their linguistic talents sharp while reducing the risk of degradation of valuable knowledge, skills and abilities.
The Future of MALL.
Consensus among the limited literature and studies available specifically about MALL indicate that the demand for it will only increase—along with the demand for second language acquisition and learning flexibility. Predicted growth is reinforced by the overall decrease in free time. With people working longer hours, the time necessary for formal, traditional classroom-based or even standard online courses will decrease. MALL will be an ideal solution to busy students and professionals seeking to acquire one or more new languages.
What mobile devices lack in capability (regarding sound and video quality and screen size) they make up for in portability. In the future, however, we can expect mobile devices to deliver better quality than is currently available among most mobile devices. It is expected that designers will capitalize on this increase in quality—designing MALL programs that employ student-focused, media-rich, flexible and collaborative learning strategies. Additionally, changes in the cost and availability of wireless service—a luxury to most in the not-too-distant past—will make MALL available to a far wider and diverse audience.
Researchers are experimenting with the new way of learning using smart phone. For example Mobile Assisted Word-Learning (MAWL) is an augmented reality based collaborative social-networking interface for learning new words using a smartphone. MAWL keeps track and saves all textual contexts during reading process along with providing augmented reality-based assistance such as images, translation into native language, synonyms, antonyms, sentence usage etc.
MALL Professional Organizations.
At the writing of this article, it is difficult to find organizations that focus specifically on Mobile Assisted Language Learning. Some of the resources for MALL are primarily language learning websites with some space dedicated to technology in language learning. Other resources are primarily educational technology websites that dedicate some of their efforts to language learning.
Collaborative Learning in MALL.
Collaborative learning is the acquisition of knowledge, skills or attitudes occurring in individuals as a result of group interaction. Collaborative learning is a student-centered approach to learning where the instructor is more like a facilitator than a teacher.
Unlike other techniques collaborative learning encourages all involved to help support and motivate each other to achieve the learning goal. Because the collaborative learning is student-centered it often succeeds in engaging the learner.
A language can be learned through collaborative learning with the use of mobile devices
But mobile devices don’t actually drive the learning, learners do. The devices, be they phones, palm pilots or laptops, are used as tools, like a pencil or calculator, to accentuate or aid the learning process.
Duke University's use of iPods in 2004 is an example of using collaborative learning in MALL. The university provided a new tool for the students, particularly those taking a language course. The students in language courses used the iPods in various ways, including working collaboratively with language tutors. The students would record themselves completing an oral assignment and the tutors provided feedback on their assignment. The students also used the iPods to record conversations in the language they were learning, downloading podcasts, store and listen to songs in the language they were learning.
Collaborating on mobile devices is dependent on the device. The following are examples of collaborative learning using mobile devices:
The effectiveness of collaborating varies on the project and mobile device.
Affordances and Constraints.
Enhancing language learning through MALL affords some dynamics not available through the traditional classroom that the language learner can take advantage of. Some of these affordances are even unique to m-learning compared to regular e-learning. In the same way, there are some constraints to m-learning that limit what can be done in language acquisition through m-learning compared to traditional e-learning or classroom learning.
Among the most noted affordances for MALL is ubiquitous access to learning anytime at any place that the user has reception. Compared to classroom or e-learning, the user does not need to be sitting in a classroom or at a computer to access learning materials. This enables users to brush up on language skills just before or just after a conversation in the language they are learning. Handheld delivery also affords new dynamics for collaborative learning as users can share the language learning process in small synchronous groups (Nah, et al. 2008).
Kloper et al. (2002) claimed 5 properties of mobile devices which can produce unique educational affordances:
The most notable constraints for earlier MALL include poor sound and display quality coupled with very limited devices and download speeds. Newer integrated PDA devices have narrowed the gap with higher access speeds, larger screens, having functions and capacities similar to laptop computers (Nah, et al. 2008).
MALL Resources.
As with Professional Organizations, resources that focus specifically on Mobile Assisted Language Learning are not common (check Augmented Reality Language Learning). We more often find resources that are primarily language learning websites with some space dedicated to technology in language learning and vice-versa.

</doc>
<doc id="19813004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813004" title="Port Musgrave">
Port Musgrave

Port Musgrave is a shallow, almost enclosed, estuary, forming a bay on the western coast of the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland, Australia. Two major rivers, the Wenlock and the Ducie discharge into it. The surrounding area is rich in freshwater swamps, while the estuary itself has tidal flats and mangroves, including stands of the Nipa Palm. It is an important breeding area for Saltwater Crocodiles. The small Aboriginal community of Mapoon lies on the southern shore of the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19813010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813010" title="History of East Stirlingshire F.C.">
History of East Stirlingshire F.C.

East Stirlingshire F.C. is a Scottish association football club from the town of Falkirk, formed in 1881. The club played regional football until 1900 when the club was elected into the Scottish Football League, taking the place of Linthouse.
The club experienced success during the late 1800s, reaching the Scottish Cup quarter-finals twice and winning the regional Stirlingshire Cup for four successive seasons. The club won regional leagues such as the Midland League and Central Football Combination before election to the Scottish Football League in 1900, competing in Scotland's top-tier on two occasions in 1932–33 and 1963–64. The club has suffered financially in the past decade and has regularly finished bottom of the Scottish Football League during this period.
Formation and early history: 1880–1900.
East Stirlingshire's official date of formation was in 1881, but its origins can be traced to the previous year in 1880 when a local cricket club called "Bainsford Bluebonnets" formed a football team under the name Britannia. The team's first ever recorded match was against Falkirk's second eleven and resulted in a 7–0 defeat. After the footballers broke away from the cricket club in 1881, they changed the name of the club to its present name of East Stirlingshire which is where the club gets its nickname "The Shire". Under its new guise, the club played one of its first known matches in a friendly against neighbours Falkirk, losing 5–0. After joining the Scottish Football Association, the club became eligible to compete in the Scottish Cup, which is Scotland's main association football knock-out competition. East Stirlingshire first entered the cup in 1882, eliminated in the first round 2–1 by Milngavie Thistle. In December 1883, the Stirlingshire Football Association was founded, resulting in the establishment of a new regional tournament called the Stirlingshire Cup, which was open to clubs exclusively from the county of Stirlingshire. The inaugural season of the tournament saw East Stirlingshire and Falkirk contest the final, the latter winning 3–1 in a replay after an initial 1–1 draw.
The latter years of the 19th century was the most successful period in East Stirlingshire's history in terms of in the Scottish Cup. In the 1888–89 season, East Stirlingshire reached the quarter-finals, recording the club's highest ever win in the tournament and equalling it in successive rounds with a 10–1 victory against local rivals Stenhousemuir in the first round and an 11–2 win over Vale of Bannock in the second round. The club was eventually eliminated in the quarter-finals 2–1, after a very closely fought encounter with a new football team – Celtic – who reached the final of the tournament in their first season in the competition. Two seasons later, East Stirlingshire again reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals in what was to be the last time for 91 years, this time losing to Heart of Midlothian who went on to win the final. The earlier rounds of the tournament saw East Stirlingshire record an 8–2 victory against Grangemouth in round one and a 10–6 win against Camelon in a third round replay.
Between 1885 and 1889, East Stirlingshire won the Stirlingshire Cup four years in a row, a record which stands to this day. The run included 19 rounds without a defeat and an emphatic 9–0 victory against Falkirk in the 1888 final. It was during this period that four East Stirlingshire players earned international caps for their countries. The first was the Wales national team captain, Humphrey Jones, who earned five of his fourteen caps whilst with the club between 1889 and 1890. Three other players, David Alexander, Archibald Ritchie, and James McKie made appearances for the Scotland national team between 1891 and 1898.
Election to the Scottish Football League: 1900–1914.
East Stirlingshire was elected to the Scottish Football League in 1900–01 to replace Linthouse who failed re-election the season before. At the time, the league consisted of two tiers and East Stirlingshire joined the second tier. The club's first ever victory in the league was a 3–0 away win against Motherwell at Fir Park in August 1900. The club ended its first season ranked 7th from ten. In March 1905, a proposal was raised for the club to merge with neighbours Falkirk with an aim to creating a bigger and more financially stable club, which Falkirk accepted in a vote. However, East Stirlingshire's vote was not as unanimous and the club's chairman, John Rutherford, cast the deciding vote and rejected the proposal with both clubs remaining separate entities. The years following included finishing bottom of the league in 1905–06, recording only one win from 22 games, contrasting with finishing as high as third in table in 1912–13, narrowly missing out on winning the championship by two points behind champions Ayr United and runners-up Dunfermline Athletic. The club remained in Division Two until 1914–15 when it, and the Scottish Cup, were both suspended due to the outbreak of World War I.
Inter-war years: 1919–1939.
After the end of World War I, the club was re-elected to join the old Division Two which was re-established in the 1921–22 season. The year beforehand saw East Stirlingshire move to Firs Park after leaving their old ground of Merchiston Park in 1920. Shortly after Firs Park opened, the club's record home attendance was set when 12,000 spectators watched the club take on the eventual champions, Partick Thistle, in a Scottish Cup third round match in February 1921. In 1922–23, the club finished second-bottom in Division Two and was relegated to the newly created, but short lived, Division Three, earning promotion back to Division Two after only one season. It was during this season the East Stirlingshire recorded its longest unbeaten home record with 23 games without a loss. 
A decade later, East Stirlingshire won promotion to Division One, Scotland's top flight, for the first time. En route to promotion, the club spent 32 weeks at the top of Division Two, ending the season equal on 55 points with St. Johnstone, with East Stirlingshire winning the championship by virtue of a superior goal average. East Stirlingshire spent only one season in its first spell in the top flight, ending the year bottom of the league in 20th, amassing a total of seventeen points. Despite being relegated, the club was only one of two teams in the league to win both encounters against Aberdeen, one of which was East Stirlingshire's only away league win of the season in a 3–1 victory at Pittodrie in front of 10,000 spectators. Back in Division Two in the 1935–36 season, East Stirlingshire's heaviest league defeat was inflicted by Dundee United in April 1936. With only one point separating the two clubs in the mid-table before the match, Dundee United won 12–1 at Tannadice Park. In 1938–39, the final season before the league was suspended due to World War II, East Stirlingshire finished second-bottom of the league, ahead of only Edinburgh City, who had occupied the bottom spot for six of the previous eight seasons. Despite finishing low in the league, Malcolm Morrison became East Stirlingshire's highest league goalscorer in a single season with 36 goals.
Post-war exclusion and re-election: 1939–1964.
The club was excluded from a wartime league in 1939 and was also denied re-entry to the Scottish Football League Division Two at the end of World War II, along with six other small league clubs. As a result, East Stirlingshire competed in a newly created Division C along with pre-war clubs such as Montrose, Leith Athletic and Brechin City. The league also consisted of the reserve teams of some of Scotland's top clubs. In the second season in Division C, East Stirlingshire won the league and earned promotion back to Division Two, now renamed "Division B", but the club finished last in the league after only one season in 1948–49 and failed re-election to compete for another year. At the same time, Division C was abolished and the club was forced leave the Scottish Football League. 
After six seasons competing in regional leagues, the club rejoined Division Two in 1955–56 when the number of teams in the Scottish Football League was expanded. In the 1962–63 season, the club won promotion to the top flight for a second time as runners-up in Division Two behind champions St. Johnstone. Like the previous occasion in 1932–33, East Stirlingshire spent one solitary season in Scotland's top tier before being relegated.
Merger with Clydebank Juniors F.C.: 1964–65.
After relegation from Scotland's top flight, East Stirlingshire was controversially merged with Clydebank Juniors in 1964, a junior football club based in the town of Clydebank. The merge was the idea of East Stirlingshire's businessmen owners, Jack and Charlie Steedman, who renamed the club "East Stirlingshire Clydebank" – often E.S. Clydebank for short – and relocated to Kilbowie Park in Clydebank despite the fans' wishes. However, the merge lasted only one season, with East Stirlingshire shareholders winning several court cases against it and thus the club reverted to its original legal status and moved back to Falkirk, parting company with the Steedman brothers, who reformed a senior Clydebank team which was elected to the Scottish Football League in 1966. During the single season as E.S. Clydebank, the club set a record attendance at Kilbowie Park when 14,900 spectators attended a Scottish Cup first round replay against Hibernian in February 1965.
First manager and league reconstruction: 1965–1981.
In 1966, Lawrence Binnie became the club's first official manager, prior to his appointment the board of directors took responsibility for management roles. After de-merging with Clydebank Juniors, the club spent a further 10 seasons in Division Two before being moved by league reconstruction to a new Second Division for the 1975–76 season, now the third tier, to make way for a new Premier Division at the top of the Scottish Football League. During this period, the club reached the supplementary round of the Scottish League Cup for the first time ever since it was inaugurated in 1947, progressing past the group stages after 18 consecutive seasons of being eliminated at this stage. The year beforehand saw the club appoint its most famous manager, Alex Ferguson, who was at the club during 1974 before moving to St. Mirren.
In 1979–80, East Stirlingshire won promotion to the First Division, which is currently the last time the club was promoted in the league. Managed by Billy Lamont, the club finished runners-up by one point to rivals Falkirk in the Second Division. The clubs shared the top two spots in the league for the majority of the season and entered the final match equal on 48 points, with East Stirlingshire required to better Falkirk's result to win the championship due to an inferior goal difference. However, Falkirk won its match and East Stirlingshire managed only a 1–1 draw away to Brechin City and had to settle for second position.
Third Division era: 1994–present.
In the 1994–95 season, the Scottish Football League was again restructured and East Stirlingshire was moved from the old Second Division to create a new Third Division, now the fourth-tier. The club finished its first season in the Third Division ranked fourth from ten and repeated it again in 1997–98. With these exceptions East Stirlingshire generally finished below mid-table, including a final day victory against Arbroath in the 1996–97 season to leapfrog the club and avoid finishing last. In 2000–01, the club reached the semi-final of a national cup competition for the first time in its history, losing 2–1 to Livingston for a place in the final of the Scottish Challenge Cup.
At the start of the 21st century the club struggled financially; as a result East Stirlingshire ranked last in the Scottish Football League for five consecutive seasons from 2002–03 to 2006–07, losing 24 consecutive league games in the 2003–04 season, recording only 8 points from two wins and two draws in 36 games.
From the 2005–06 season, the Scottish Football League determined if any club finished bottom of the Third Division twice in successive years, the club would face the risk of being reduced to associate member status, meaning the loss of voting rights. As East Stirlingshire finished last in successive years, a league vote was held and concluded in favour of the club retaining its full member status with the condition that it did not finish last the following season. Another final day victory saw the club move off the bottom of the table in a 3–1 win against Montrose which was the last ever game at Firs Park, the club's home ground for 87 years. The following season, retaining its full member status, the club moved to Ochilview Park in a ground-share agreement with neighbours Stenhousemuir. Under new manager Jim McInally, the club finished third in successive years to qualify for the promotion play-offs to the Second Division. 
In the 2010–11 Scottish Cup, East Stirlingshire initially reached the fifth round of the tournament with a 1–0 victory against Buckie Thistle at Ochilview Park but was expelled a week later for failing to register the loan extension of Falkirk goalkeeper Michael Andrews to the Scottish Football Association, who therefore became ineligible to play for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19813033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813033" title="Honky (film)">
Honky (film)

Honky is a 1971 film that depicts the love story of an interracial high school couple.
Synopsis.
It depicts the love story of an interracial high school couple. The tagline for the movie was "A love story... of hate". It was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Original Song for "Something More" by Quincy Jones and Bradford Craig.
Cast.
"Honky" starred Brenda Sykes as Sheila Smith and John Neilson as Wayne "Honky" Devine. Jake Mannion and Harriet Gardiner of H.W.A also featured as themselves
Reviews.
The movie received a poor review from "The New York Times". Howard Thompson started his review by saying ""Honky" is awful".

</doc>
<doc id="19813068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813068" title="I'm So Paid">
I'm So Paid

"I'm So Paid" is the second single from Akon's third studio album, "Freedom." The track features additional vocals from Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy. The song was released as a digital download worldwide and a physical single in France only on October 4, 2008. Akon mentions Olympic Athlete Usain Bolt in his verse because the runner mentions that he listens to Akon's music. Fellow Olympian Michael Phelps is referenced in Young Jeezy's verse. The song is in the key of F# major.
Music video.
A music video for the track was filmed in September 2008. Akon said that it would be a James Bond kind of video. The video features Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy, and was directed by Gil Green. DJ Khaled and T-Pain are featured as a cameo. Konvict Muzik artists Kardinal Offishall, Tami Chynn, Bu Thiam, and Cash Money artist Lil Chuckee were also featured in a cameo. The video was released on October 30, 2008. Clothing brand Coogi underwrote the entire $1-million production cost for the video. The music video begins with Akon entering a yacht off a helicopter, giving the female dealer (Tami Chynn) a diamond in exchange for money. As Akon and another woman leave, the dealer discovers the jewelry gone, and asks her assistants to get them. Akon and the woman escape by boat and car. As Akon parked the car, he gave the money to the girl in exchange for the diamond. The girl later discovers that the money is fake.

</doc>
<doc id="19813093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813093" title="Samuel Barton Burdett">
Samuel Barton Burdett

Samuel Barton Burdett (born September 30, 1843 in Tyendinaga, Canada West-died January 20, 1892) was a politician, lawyer and lecturer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member in the 1887 election. He was re-elected in the 1891 election then died in office on January 20, 1892. He also served as a councillor for the town of Belleville, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19813101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813101" title="Wyoming Catholic College">
Wyoming Catholic College

Wyoming Catholic College is a private, Catholic liberal arts college in Lander, Wyoming. It uses the town's sole Catholic church and accompanying facilities as an interim campus. WCC is the only private four-year institution of higher education in the state.
Accreditation.
WCC is one of the newest colleges in the United States, admitting its first class in 2007 and graduating them in the spring of 2011. WCC was granted Institutional Preaccreditation status by the American Academy for Liberal Education (AALE) on September 1, 2010.
Academics.
Because it offers a four-year, integrated, Great Books curriculum, Wyoming Catholic College has no majors, minors, specialized degrees or graduate programs; it awards graduating students the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts. There were 115 students enrolled in fall 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19813104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813104" title="Bellevue (Macon, Georgia)">
Bellevue (Macon, Georgia)

Bellevue is a primarily African-American neighborhood on the west side of Macon, Georgia, United States. The area is surrounded by the Weslyan neighborhood to the north-northwest, Vineville to the northeast, Hillcrest to the east, Unionville to the southeast and Bloomfield to the south-southwest The area is served by one elementary school, Brookdale Elementary. 
In recent years, Bellevue has gained a reputation for its steadily increasing crime rate. The area is also the location for Freedom Park, which is also known for its crime rate. Napier Avenue serves as the main route in, though and out of the area. 
The Macon nightclub, the Cherry Lounge, is also located in Bellevue.

</doc>
<doc id="19813117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813117" title="Carl Fredrik Nyman">
Carl Fredrik Nyman

Carl Fredrik Nyman (August 31, 1820 - April 26, 1893) was a Swedish botanist who was a native of Stockholm. The plant genus "Nymania" is named in his honor.
Nyman was curator at the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm. With Heinrich Wilhelm Schott (1794-1865) and Theodor Kotschy (1813-1866), he was editor of "Analecta Botanica" (1854). Among his publications are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19813130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813130" title="&quot;D&quot; Is for Dubby – The Lustmord Dub Mixes">
&quot;D&quot; Is for Dubby – The Lustmord Dub Mixes

"D" is For Dubby – The Lustmord Dub Mixes is a remix album by Puscifer, a side project of Maynard James Keenan, which was released as a digital download on 17 October 2008. It contains nine dub remixes of tracks from the first Puscifer album ""V" Is for Vagina", all remixed by Lustmord.
On October 31, 2009, an 'extended' release was made available as a digital download via amazon.com, featuring two additional tracks: "Queen D." and "Under Dub". The amazon version also features new mastering, according to Lustmord.

</doc>
<doc id="19813139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813139" title="Damir Milinović">
Damir Milinović

Damir Milinović (born 15 October 1972) is a Croatian football manager, formerly an international player and current manager of Druga HNL club HNK Gorica.
Playing career.
Born in Rijeka, Milinović spent most of his career in his local club, HNK Rijeka, before moving to Dinamo Zagreb (then called Croatia Zagreb) in 1997. He failed to impress in Dinamo so he returned to Rijeka in next season. After an impressive season with Rijeka during which Rijeka lost the title in last match, Milinović left for Germany in summer of 2000, signing with VfL Bochum. As Bochum finished last in the Bundesliga and were relegated, Milinović returned to Rijeka after only one season. He spent half a season in Rijeka before joining eventual season champions NK Zagreb. In January 2003, Milinović returned to Rijeka for the third and final time, spending there one and a half season before joining Dinamo Zagreb once again. He left Dinamo after only half a season, joining Austria Salzburg just few months before club was rebranded as Red Bull Salzburg. Milinović returned to Croatia after only half a season in Austria, signing for second division side Pomorac Kostrena. After two seasons with Pomorac, Milinović announced his retirement in summer of 2007.
International career.
Milinović made four appearances for the Croatia national football team.
Managerial career.
A few months after he announced his retirement, Milinović was appointed as a manager of his last club, Pomorac Kostrena. In Pomorac he was quite successful, finishing amongst top clubs in second division and reaching quarterfinals of Croatian cup. He left Pomorac in 2010 and took over third division side NK Grobničan. With Milinović in charge, Grobničan went from mediocre third division club to one of the best clubs in the league. They were on the edge of promotion to second division two years in a row but were financially incapable to take that step. In May 2012, Milinović was appointed coach of HNK Gorica. Milinović spent only six months in Gorica; he resigned in November 2012 after disappointing results in the first half of the season. In January 2013, Milinović took over third division side NK Novigrad.

</doc>
<doc id="19813178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813178" title="1949 in Malaya">
1949 in Malaya

1949 in Malaya

</doc>
<doc id="19813213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813213" title="Troubadour (K'naan album)">
Troubadour (K'naan album)

Troubadour is the second studio album by Somali-Canadian hip hop artist K'naan, released February 24, 2009. The album features performances by Kirk Hammett, Chubb Rock, Chali 2na, Mos Def, Damian Marley, and Adam Levine. Production was completed by Track and Field, a team composed of R&B artists Gerald Eaton and Brian West.
Critical reception.
K'naan's second album has received generally positive reviews, compiling an average score of 74 on Metacritic. "Billboard" described it as "socially alert and frequently brilliant". David Jeffries of Allmusic called "Troubadour" a "rewarding, often eye-opening spectacle", praising the selections for the guest artists and referring to K'naan as "ridiculously talented". The album was shortlisted for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize. About.com named Troubadour as one of the best Rap Albums of 2009. Troubadour was also included in PopMatters list of top 60 albums of 2009, at a respectable 43rd position. The album fetched K'naan three Juno Award nominations and he ultimately won Juno artist of the year. The Independent gave it a perfect 10 out of 10 rating.
Licensed songs.
"ABCs" is used in the video game Madden 09 by EA Sports and the 2009 film "The Trotsky", while "Dreamer" is used in promotions for the NFL Draft on NFL.com, and was used by ESPN during the national broadcast of the UConn-Kentucky men's basketball game on December 9, 2009. "I Come Prepared" is used in the video game Fight Night Round 4, also by EA Sports. "Wavin' Flag" is used in the video game NBA 2K10, which is a 2K Sports video game. Coca-Cola has announced that a remixed version of "Wavin' Flag" will be the official anthem of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. This version also appears in Konami's PES 2010. "Take a Minute" is used in Dane Tudor's award winning part of the ski movie Everyday is a Saturday by Poor Boyz Productions. "Bang Bang" is featured in the 2010 feature film "The Karate Kid".
Chart positions.
In the U.S., the album sold over 15,000 copies in its first week of release and debuted at #32 on the "Billboard" 200. The album has sold approximately 82,000 copies in the US as of August 2010.
Only the 'champion edition' was released in the United Kingdom on July 16, and charted on the UK R&B Chart at a peak of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19813217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813217" title="Veldin Karić">
Veldin Karić

Career.
Born in Slavonski Brod in present-day Croatia, Karić started playing football at nearby Bosanski Brod, a town across the river Sava in today's Bosnia and Herzegovina. As a youngster he was picked up by the Sarajevo-based Yugoslav First League club FK Željezničar, where he played at youth levels for two years before having his professional debut at 17 years of age, in the squad which featured the Croatian international Mario Stanić. He then signed a four-year contract with the club, but his career took an unpredictable turn due to the outbreak of the Bosnian War. According to Karić, he had been arrested by the JNA in 1992 and was taken to Pale, the Serbian stronghold during the Siege of Sarajevo, where he was delivered as a prisoner to Serbian paramilitary forces. Karić claims that his coach at Željezničar Nenad Starovlah had personally intervened to save Karić from execution, but on the condition that he signed a two-year contract with Serbian club FK Vojvodina based in Novi Sad.
Karić then spent the following six months playing at Vojvodina. He was seen as a talented young forward and there was some interest from Serbian powerhouse FK Partizan to sign him, but the deal never materialised as Vojvodina turned down the offer. Karić later claimed that he tried to leave Serbia on a number of occasions, but that he finally succeeded in doing so only when he met a friend who was a police officer who agreed to help him cross the border to Croatia. Upon his return to Croatia, Karić started playing for his hometown club NK Marsonia, which was at the time playing in the Croatian Second Division, and soon established himself as one of Marsonia's key players, along with Edin Mujčin. The team managed to put on a string of good performances in the following years which saw them win promotion to Croatian First Division in the 1993–94 season, and then going on to finish 5th in their top flight debut in the 1994–95 season.
His good games at Marsonia attracted attention from clubs abroad and Karić then joined Serie A side Torino in the winter break of the 1995–96 season. However, his time at Torino was less successful as he failed to make an impact in his six months with the club, which was relegated from top flight at the end of the season. Following relegation, Karić was loaned out to FC Lugano in Switzerland.
In 1997 Karić returned to Croatia and was signed by Prva HNL club Varteks. During his time at Varteks he established himself as one of the club's key players and appeared in 134 league matches, scoring 53 league goals, in the period in which Varteks reached three Croatian Cup finals (1998, 2002 and 2004) and achieved their best-ever league result, finishing third in the 2002–03 Prva HNL season. However, the highlight of his seven-year spell at Varteks came in September 2001 when they surprisingly knocked out England's Aston Villa in the first round first leg of the 2001–02 UEFA Cup, with Saša Bjelanović scoring two goals and Karić adding a third in their 3–2 win at Villa Park. In the return leg in Varaždin Aston Villa won 1–0 but Varteks progressed to second round on away goals rule, where they were knocked out by Brøndby 6–3 on aggregate.
In July 2004 Karić signed for Croatian powerhouse Dinamo Zagreb. Although he was initially given some playing time and he even scored a goal against Elfsborg in the first round of the 2004–05 UEFA Cup, he failed to make an impact at the club and finished the season with just 4 goals scored in 12 league appearances for the Blues. It proved to be their worst ever Prva HNL season as they finished 6th and failed to qualify for European competitions.
In July 2005 he was released by Dinamo and he signed for minnows Inter Zaprešić. This proved to be his last season of top level football as the club finished bottom in the 2005–06 Prva HNL and was relegated. He stayed with the club for the following season as they won the 2006–07 Druga HNL title which would see them back in top flight, but was released by Inter in July 2007 before the following season kicked off. He then spent the next two years playing for several small clubs in Croatian lower levels before being released from third level side NK Samobor in May 2009, after which he retired from active football.
Karić was also capped for Croatia U21 in 1994–95 and later appeared in three full international matches for Croatia between 2001 and 2003, without scoring any goals. He was first called up by Otto Barić and played in two friendly games against South Korea in November 2001. In the first match played on 10 November in Seoul he came on as a substitute for Miljenko Mumlek, and in the second match played three days later in Gwangju he was named in the starting lineup but was substituted by Mladen Petrić.
His third and final appearance came in February 2003 when he was called up by Mirko Jozić for a friendly against Macedonia played in Šibenik. Karić was named in the starting eleven but was substituted by Boško Balaban at half-time.
As of May 2011 and the conclusion of the 2010–11 Prva HNL season, Karić is ranked as the 11th all-time top scorer in Prva HNL with 75 goals scored in Croatia's top level. In September 2011, Karić started his managerial career at the Croatian sixth tier side Drava Kuršanec.

</doc>
<doc id="19813239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813239" title="2008–09 Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team">
2008–09 Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team was a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I college basketball team representing Oakland University.
Oakland was picked to finish third in The Summit League's preseason poll. was voted to finish first and North Dakota State second. However, only eight votes separated the three teams. Senior forward Derick Nelson and junior guard Johnathon Jones were named to the Preseason All-League First Team. Senior guard Erik Kangas was named to the Second Team.
Prior to the first game of the year against Cleveland State, senior forward Derick Nelson suffered a foot injury and sat out most of the season. Nelson played in two games against and Michigan State, but did not record a point and took a medical redshirt. Oakland lost their first game against CSU and defeated Pacific-10 Conference opponent Oregon for the second year in a row.
Roster.
"* Redshirting 2008–2009 season"

</doc>
<doc id="19813272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813272" title="Družetić">
Družetić

Družetić () is a village in Serbia. It is situated on the banks of the Ub river in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 501 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19813274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813274" title="Oliver Crawford">
Oliver Crawford

Oliver Crawford (August 12, 1917 – September 24, 2008) was an American screenwriter and author who overcame the Hollywood blacklist during the McCarthy Era of the 1950s to become one of the entertainment industry's most successful television writers. The list of shows for which he wrote for included "", "Bonanza", "Quincy, M.E.", "Perry Mason" and the "Kraft Television Theatre".
Early life.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Crawford attended the Chicago Art Institute and the Goodman Theatre school. His classmates at Goodman included Sam Wanamaker and Karl Malden, both of whom became lifelong friends of Crawford.
Career.
Crawford began working in the television industry as a writer in the early 1950s. By 1953, he had contracted to work with both Harold Hecht and Burt Lancaster. Shortly after he signed his contract to work with Lancaster, Crawford was summoned in 1953 to appear before the House Un-American Activities Committee, which was investigating suspected Communist sympathizers in Hollywood. Crawford refused to name suspected Communists sympathizers within the entertainment industry. His refusal to implicate anyone in Hollywood led to his blacklisting. He was also fired from his 1953 contract. He moved to New York City with his family after being blacklisted where he was forced to take several jobs to make ends meet, including designing window displays.
Crawford was finally able to return to television in 1957 when a friend, actor Sam Levene, got him a job as a writer for "Playhouse 90". His career took off during the 1960s, when he wrote for many shows including "Gilligan's Island", "The Fugitive", "The Outer Limits", "The Rifleman", "The Big Valley", "Rawhide", "Ben Casey", "Lawman" and "I Spy". His credits during the 1970s included "Love, American Style", "The Bionic Woman", "Kojak", "Mannix", "Ironside", and numerous other television shows.
Crawford authored a 1978 novel, "The Execution", which explored survivors of a Nazi concentration camp. who recognized a former Nazi doctor who had experimented on them and seek revenge. The novel was adapted into a 1985 television movie of the week, which starred Sandy Dennis, Loretta Swit, Rip Torn, Valerie Harper, Jessica Walter and Barbara Barrie.
Crawford served on the board of directors of the Writers Guild of America for 26 years following the restoration of his screenwriting career. His position in the Writers Guild allowed him to advocate for financial restitution for victims of the Hollywood blacklist. Crawford also worked to successfully remove an anti-Communist loyalty oath from Writers Guild's membership application, which was a holdover from the Hollywood blacklist and McCarthy Eras.
For his work, Crawford received a Writers Guild award nomination for "The Outer Limits". He was also a multiple Emmy Award nominated television writer, including for "Lineup" and "Climax!". Crawford also lectured as an associate professor of filmmaking at Loyola Marymount University.
Death.
On September 24, 2008, Crawford died from complications from pneumonia in Los Angeles at the age of 91. He is survived by two daughters, Jo Kaufman and Vicki Crawford, his son Kenneth Kaufman, a brother, and one sister. His wife Bert had preceded him in death in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19813277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813277" title="Bob Dylan Blues">
Bob Dylan Blues

"Bob Dylan Blues" is a song written in 1965 by Syd Barrett, the founder of Pink Floyd. Recorded during sessions for "Barrett", it was thought lost until it turned up in 2001 and was released on "".
Writing and recording.
It was in a friendly way both gently lampooning Bob Dylan's early style and success while also embracing Dylan. The song was supposedly written by Barrett after attending a concert in 1964. This song, along with "Terrapin" and "Maisie", reflected Barrett's early interest in the blues.
The song was recorded in 1970, and largely forgotten about. The recording was lost until recently when David Gilmour discovered the tapes, in his personal collection. It was released in 2001 on the Barrett compilation "". The song's popularity has grown intensely since its release and many fans seem to consider it one of the best tribute songs ever about Bob Dylan.

</doc>
<doc id="19813281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813281" title="Drentch">
Drentch

Drentch is a Canadian Christian rock band which comes from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. They have already released two independent albums, and are currently working on their third album. They have played at YC (Youth Conference) in the year 2005, the largest Christian youth gathering in western Canada, held annually at Rexall Place in Edmonton.
Introduction.
Drentch is a Canadian Christian/rock, concert and worship band that hails from Edmonton, Alberta. The group’s sound is mainly alternative rock. However they are known to mix a blend of different genres in their albums, such as the aforementioned alternative rock to occasionally softer ballad style songs. The group has four main members, two brothers, their cousin, and a long-time family friend, that have been playing together for a number of years, prior to officially becoming the band known as Drentch.
History.
The beginnings of Drentch were already set in motion as eventual members Mark, Graden and Derek Steinbrenner and friend Darcy Anhorn typically played for the worship services at their hometown church in north Edmonton, where the Steinbrenner brothers' father is a pastor. They first officially formed the band in 2000. However, the name of the band was initially quite different, being Crimson Shadow. However this name did not last, as of November, 2000, the band started accepting suggestions for a new name. The members eventually reached a consensus on the name Drentch. 
The band’s fan base is strongly based on the youth and young adult audience from which they draw much of the inspiration for their music. The band remains unsigned, and yet they have already released 3 independent albums titled “Everything”, “Symphony of Tears” and "take control" produced in Nashville by Ainslie Grosser, Joel Smallbone and Drentch themselves. 
As far as musical styling, the band not only depends on driving guitar riffs but also utilizes piano, strings, full orchestra, dramatic electric guitar pickings and a variety of other instrumental styles. The lead vocal styling also ranges from more alternative rock sounds to even slower ballad style songs. All the while, the band still maintains their original mission on using music as praise and creating a contemporary ministry in the form of music to a youthful audience.
Members.
The four members are brothers, Mark and Graden Steinbrenner, their cousin Derek Steinbrenner and longtime family friend Darcy Anhorn.
• Mark Steinbrenner: Vocals, keys, acoustic/electric guitar
• Graden Steinbrenner: Bass
• Derek Steinbrenner: Lead guitar
• Darcy Anhorn: Drums

</doc>
<doc id="19813294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813294" title="Highland High School (Ault, Colorado)">
Highland High School (Ault, Colorado)

Highland High School is a public high school in Ault, Colorado.
History.
Scenes from the 1978 film "One on One" were filmed at the school.
Curriculum.
Highland High School students can take vocational classes at Aims Community College.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Baseball,
basketball,
Cross Country,
Football,
Girls Basketball,
Track and Field, and
Volleyball.
Students can go to Eaton High School for Softball and Swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="19813311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813311" title="Ducie River">
Ducie River

The Ducie River is a river of the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland, Australia. It rises in the Great Dividing Range, flows through stringybark woodlands, tropical savanna plains and wetlands, and enters the Gulf of Carpentaria on the western side of the peninsula at Port Musgrave just north of Mapoon.
The catchment covers 6,746 km². There are no major towns or water storage facilities in the watershed.
Much of the river is bordered by gallery rainforest. In its lower reaches it supports extensive tidal mangrove forest with stands of Nipa Palms.

</doc>
<doc id="19813313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813313" title="Félix Montoya">
Félix Montoya

International career.
Montoya has made 5 appearances for the senior Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Trinidad & Tobago on February 4, 2007. He appeared in three matches as Costa Rica won the UNCAF Nations Cup 2007 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19813327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813327" title="Kamenica (Koceljeva)">
Kamenica (Koceljeva)

"For other uses, see Kamenica (disambiguation)"
Kamenica (Каменица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 941 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19813358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813358" title="Guido von Mengden">
Guido von Mengden

Guido von Mengden (1896–1982) was a German Sports officer. He was a key figure in the Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen (NSRL), the Sports Office of the Third Reich.
His role as a Nazi is the subject of controversy. Historian Hajo Bernett blames him for being one of the main culprits regarding the politization (i.e. nazification) of German sports during the Third Reich.
Others believe though that thanks to him some valuable German sports associations were preserved. Guido von Mengden has been praised as the "spiritual father" of many post-war sports programs and German sports leader Carl Diem has mentioned him as "one of the most significant Sports leaders in Europe" for his work after 1950.
Biographical data.
Guido von Mengden was born in the town of Düren (North Rhine-Westphalia) in 1896. His family hailed from the ancient Westphalian nobility. He played football (soccer) as a teenager in the Bonner FV team. in 1914 he passed his Reifeprüfung final exams in Bonn and went to World War I as a volunteer. He was discharged from the German Imperial Army after being badly wounded in June 1916 at Verdun and went on to study geodesy at the University of Bonn. He found employment as a land surveyor from 1919 until 1924, when he changed profession and became a journalist. He became an editor of the Art and sports sections of the "Rheydter Tageblatt". In 1925 he moved to the Westdeutscher Spielverband as manager, becoming also the chief editor of its social organ Fußball und Leichtathletik. He had a role in the 1928 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam as a press delegate.
In May 1933 Guido von Mengden became a member of the German Nazi Party. He went to Berlin in June 1933 as a press attaché of the German Football Association. From 1935 he was the public relations officer of the NSRL, the Reich Sports Office. He became the personal advisor and consultant of "Reichssportführer" Hans von Tschammer und Osten in 1936. A committed Nazi, von Mengden became the chief editor of "NS-Sport", the official organ of the Reich Sports Office.
Towards the last days of World War II, von Mengden became a member of the Volkssturm National Militia. After being captured by the Soviet Army, he was employed by the Russians as surveyor in their Land reform projects in what was then East Germany. In 1948 he moved to West Germany and in March 1949 he became part of the Denazification panel in Krefeld.
In 1951 von Mengden became the manager of the German Olympic Society "(Deutsche Olympische Gesellschaft)" and from 1954 to 1963 he rose to general manager of the German Sports Association "(Deutscher Sportbund)". After retiring he kept being active in the sports association as technical advisor.
Von Mengden became a highly respected personality in German sports as an old man. He was the main writer of the standard work about the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. His last significant role was as advisor for the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19813392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813392" title="Krazy">
Krazy

Krazy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19813460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813460" title="Los Jardines">
Los Jardines

Two phantom islands located east of the Marshall Islands, visited by Alvaro de Saavedra in 1528 and by Ruy López de Villalobos in 1542.

</doc>
<doc id="19813473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813473" title="Leggenda di Messer Gianni di Procida">
Leggenda di Messer Gianni di Procida

The Leggenda di Messer Gianni di Procida ("Legend of Mister John of Procida") is a short medieval Tuscan history of the Sicilian Vespers, synoptic with another early Tuscan account, the "Liber Jani de Procida et Palialoco". Both texts focus on the conspiratorial role played by John of Procida, who is cast as a villain. A contemporaneous Sicilian writing, "Lu rebellamentu di Sichilia", portrays John as a hero. Both Tuscan versions are later than the Sicilian, but may share the "Reballamentu" as a source. Conversely, all three may derive from an earlier, now lost source. All three agree on the centrality of John of Procida in the Vespers. 
The "Leggenda" was probably written by a Guelph of Modena. Sicilian folklorist Giuseppe Pitrè first suggested that the "Leggenda" may have influenced the Florentine "Nuova Cronica" of Giovanni Villani, but a critical study by German historian Otto Hartwig soon dismissed this. The "Leggenda" is conserved in a Modenese manuscript. It was published by Lodovico Antonio Muratori in his "Raccolta degli storici Italiani", XXXIV.

</doc>
<doc id="19813477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813477" title="Robert Kupiecki">
Robert Kupiecki

Robert Kupiecki (born 1967) is Poland's Deputy Minister of National Defence.
Education.
Kupiecki was born in 1967 in Warsaw. He received a master’s degree from the Department of History at the University of Warsaw, and a PhD in political science. He also graduated from Poland's National School of Public Administration (Krajowa Szkoła Administracji Publicznej) and the Geneva Centre for Security Policy.
Career.
Kupiecki began working for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1994. He was head of NATO and WEU Section from 1994 to 1998, and the deputy ambassador of Poland to NATO from 1999 to 2004. From 2004 to 2008, he served as the director of the security policy department. From 2008 to 2012, he served as Poland's ambassador to the United States. Kupiecki was nominated for this post on 15 November 2007, and presented his letter of credence on 22 April 2008. On 22 August 2012, he was appointed Deputy Minister of National Defence, replacing Zbigniew Włosowicz.
Kupiecki has received the Officer’s Cross of Ment of the Republic of Lithuania, the Gold and Silver Medal “For the Services for the Country’s Defense”, and the Silver Medal of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Slovakia. He is also the author and co-author of several books.

</doc>
<doc id="19813493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813493" title="Ljutice (Koceljeva)">
Ljutice (Koceljeva)

"For other uses, see Ljutice (disambiguation)"
Ljutice (Љутице) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 593 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19813519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813519" title="AS 2805">
AS 2805

AS 2805 "Electronic funds transfer - Requirements for interfaces" is the Australian standard for financial messaging. It is near-exclusively used in Australia for the operation of card-based financial transactions among banks, automatic teller machines and EFTPOS devices.
It is closely related to ISO 8583, but pre-dates it by two years (1985 vs 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="19813525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813525" title="Timothy Casey">
Timothy Casey

Timothy Casey (February 20, 1862 – October 6, 1931) was the Archbishop of Vancouver, Canada, from 1912 to 1931.
Curriculum Vitae.
Timothy Casey was born on February 20, 1862, in Flume Ridge, New Brunswick.
Ordination.
In 1885, Timothy Casey became a priest of Saint John in America, New Brunswick, Canada.
Consecration.
In 1900, Timothy Casey became consecrated as Bishop of Saint John in America and then was appointed as Archbishop of Vancouver in 1912.
Timothy Casey died on October 6, 1931.
Notes.
Casey is noted for holding together the Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver through hard financial times of pre & post World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19813532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813532" title="Harvey William Burk">
Harvey William Burk

Harvey William Burk (born 1822 in Darlington Township, Upper Canada-died October 13, 1907) was a politician and farmer.
Burk was educated in Darlington Township. He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859. He operated a farm near Bowmanville. Burk served on the township council and was reeve from 1873 to 1874. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member the Liberal Party to represent Durham West in 1874. He won a landslide victory in 1878. Burk resigned October 18, 1879 to allow Edward Blake to be elected.
His daughter Mary Emily married Sam Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="19813557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813557" title="Ljutice">
Ljutice

Ljutice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19813560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813560" title="Boris Levit">
Boris Levit

Boris Ya. Levit is a professor of statistics at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
Career.
Levit obtained his M.Sc. in Mathematics from Moscow State University and his Ph.D. in Statistics from Russian Academy of Science in 1975 (his advisor was Rafail Khasminskii). While at Moscow State University, he was influenced by many famous mathematicians of the era, including Andrei Kolmogorov.
Before undertaking a professorship at Queen's University, Levit spent several years lecturing in the United States. He has also spent nearly ten years in the Netherlands, as a professor of statistics at the University of Utrecht.
Well-known internationally, Levit has made outstanding contributions to the field of statistics. His research has included statistical problems involving infinitely many parameters, as well as nonparametric statistics. In the 1980s, he discovered how to characterize high order approximation problems using the properties of corresponding elliptic differential operators. Levit was awarded a D.Sc. by Vilnius University for his use of differential geometry and partial differential equations in statistical research.

</doc>
<doc id="19813577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813577" title="Stephanie">
Stephanie

Stephanie or Stefanie is a female name that comes from the Greek name Στέφανος (Stephanos) meaning "crown". The male form is Stephen. Forms of Stephanie in other languages include the Italian, Czech, German, Polish, and Russian "Stefania", the Portuguese "Estefânia" (Although the use of that version has become rare, and both the English and French versions are the ones commonly used), and the Spanish "Estefanía". The form Stéphanie is from the French language, but Stephanie is now widely used both in English- and Spanish-speaking cultures. 
Stephanie - (Greek) "Crowned one" Also, Stephania, Etienette, Stefa, Stefania, Stefanie, Stefanina, Steffie, Stepania, Stepanie, Stephana, Stevena, Teena, Stephenie and Stefni.

</doc>
<doc id="19813580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813580" title="Ndidi Onukwulu">
Ndidi Onukwulu

Ndidi Onukwulu is a Canadian singer originally from Burns Lake, British Columbia. Although her style is often classified as jazz and blues, Onukwulu combines several musical genres in her songs including surf music, electric blues, gospel, and country. Onukwulu, whose father, jazz player Ezeadi Onukwulu, is from Nigeria, also integrates Malagasy and Nigerian music into her performances to create a unique and eclectic sound. She frequently tours promoting her music and makes regular appearances at the Vancouver Folk Music Festival.
Life.
Although Onukwulu had the early musical influences of her father, she did not consider a career as a singer until her friends heard her sing in her teens. She moved to New York City where she sang on the open-mic circuit. During her time in New York, she met several hip-hop and blues musicians who influenced her atypical style. Next Onukwulu moved to Toronto where she first became a member of a rock band. Later, she joined the electronica group Stop Die Resuscitate.
Eventually, Onukwulu moved back to a more definitively blues style and began performing at prominent venues including Massey Hall in Toronto. In January 2006 Onukwulu released her first album "No, I Never". The album release was followed by a tour that garnered positive buzz in the Canadian blues community.
Following a bad break-up in December 2006, Onukwulu spent 2007 composing new music. In addition to drawing on the experiences of her relationship, she found inspiration by visiting cemeteries and imagining stories for the deceased people whose graves she visited. Onukwulu united the ideas of death and the end of relationships to create the eclectic music featured on her second album "The Contradictor". This album introduced the more diverse styles for which she is now known. The album got its name from the contradiction between the upbeat music and its more serious themes, in addition to elements of the singer’s own personality. "The Contradictor", released on June 17, 2008, was produced by Steve Dawson under the Indie record label Jericho Beach Music.
Band members.
On "The Contradictor", Onukwulu’s vocals are accompanied by the instrumental contributions of Paul Pigat and Steve Dawson who provide electric blues riffs. Chicago electric blues is a gritty urban style of blues with links to African American folk traditions that contribute to a rougher sound on the album. Jesse Zubot plays strings, and Bill Runge and JP Carter play brass. In her performances on tour, she often collaborates with the Canadian folk and blues guitarist Madagascar Slim.
See also.
Madagascar Slim
Vancouver Folk Music Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19813623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813623" title="1954 in Malaya">
1954 in Malaya

1954 in Malaya

</doc>
<doc id="19813642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813642" title="Duwamish Number 1 Site">
Duwamish Number 1 Site

The Duwamish Number 1 Site, also known as 45KI23, is an archaeological site on the Duwamish River in Seattle, Washington discovered by David Munsell, an archaeologist employed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, in November 1975. The site was excavated by archaeologists in 1978, and again in 1986.
According to an archaeologic report released in 1981, the site was a shell midden and village between 670 and 1700 CE, comprising four separate eras of occupation. The researchers also found remains of ducks, as well as of mammals such as deer and elk.
The site is owned by the Port of Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="19813648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813648" title="Woodhill, Auckland">
Woodhill, Auckland

Woodhill is a locality in the Auckland Region of New Zealand. It is in the "Western Ward" of the Rodney District. Woodhill is approximately 6 kilometres northwest of Waimauku and 10 km south of Helensville on State Highway 16. The North Auckland Line passes through the area. The Woodhill Forest lies to the west.
The railway line reached Woodhill in the 1880s, and allowed expansion of the existing farming settlement. Ambury's Creamery shipped the cream by rail to be made into butter in Auckland. A post office was established, and a store opened up opposite the creamery, becoming a social centre until it was destroyed by fire about 1970. The Woodhill Hall was another centre for social gatherings. It contained a library in the late 1920s, and was also used for church services.
In the 1920s, planting of trees to reclaim the sand dunes to the west brought forestry workers to the settlement, and a pine tree nursery was created in Woodhill in 1934. A settlement was created on the hill for the workers and their families. After the forest was privatised in 1987, this settlement disappeared.
Education.
Woodhill School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 7 and a roll of 129. The school celebrated its 126-year reunion in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19813683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813683" title="Marilynne Paspaley">
Marilynne Paspaley

Marilynne Paspaley AM is an Australian film and television actress and businesswomano of Greek descent, who is best known for her role in the television series "G. P." as Dr. Tessa Korkidas. She appeared in the movie "Evil Angels (A Cry in the Dark)" and other television series such as "Water Rats".
Background.
Ms Paspaley has been referred to as "daughter of Australia's most famous pearling dynasty", as she is a second generation member of the Paspaley family, well known in Australia as the largest producer of South Sea Pearls.
Order of Australia.
In 2008, Marilynne Paspaley was honoured with an Order Of Australia, for her contribution to the marketing and promotion of pearls and Australian designed jewellery.
Family.
Paspaley is the daughter of Nicholas Paspaley Senior, Master Pearler and founder of the Paspaley Pearls empire. The business is now owned and operated by the next generation: her brother Nicholas Paspaley, her sister Roselynne Bracher and Marilynne Paspaley.
Marilynne Paspaley also owns and operates business interests in hospitality in the North West of Australia, including Pinctada Hotels and Resorts, The Kimberley Grande and McAlpine House in Broome.

</doc>
<doc id="19813769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813769" title="Stanley Matthews (disambiguation)">
Stanley Matthews (disambiguation)

Sir Stanley Matthews (1915–2000) was an English football player.
Stanley Matthews may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19813809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813809" title="The Californians (TV series)">
The Californians (TV series)

The Californians is a 54-episode half-hour Western television series, set in the San Francisco gold rush of the 1850s, which aired on NBC from September 24, 1957, to May 26, 1959. Adam Kennedy appeared the first year in thirty-seven episodes as Dion Patrick, an Irish newspaperman who helps the local vigilante committee.
Cast.
Richard Coogan starred in fifty-four episodes as Matthew Wayne, a sheriff and then marshal who organizes the city police, courts a young widow, Wilma Fansler, portrayed in thirty-three episodes in the second season by Carole Mathews, and clashes with an ambitious attorney, Jeremy Pitt, played in thirty-two episodes by Art Fleming, later the first host of "Jeopardy!"
Other co-stars were Herbert Rudley as Sam Brennan, Sean McClory as Jack McGivern, and Nan Leslie as Martha McGivern. Rudley, McClory, and Leslie were each cast in thirty-seven episodes. Howard Caine played Schaab in eight episodes.
Production notes.
"The Californians" theme song is composed by Harry Warren, with lyrics by Harold Adamson, entitled "I've Come to California". Ken Darby, of the Ken Darby Singers, did some of the musical composition for the series. 
"The Californians" faced competition from "The West Point Story" on ABC and "The $64,000 Question" on CBS. In its second season, the western competed with "The Garry Moore Show" on CBS and the crime/police reality show "Confession, hosted by Jack Wyatt, on ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="19813863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813863" title="Leonard Burnett">
Leonard Burnett

Leonard Burnett (April 5, 1845 in Yorkshire, England - August 21, 1932) was a politician, farmer and teacher. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1896 election as a Member of the Liberal Party in the 1896 election to represent the riding of Ontario South.
The son of Thomas Burnett and Hannah Dickenson, he came to Canada in 1846, was educated in Greenwood, Ontario and Whitby and settled in Greenbank. Burnett taught school for three years.
Prior to his federal political experience, he was councilor for Ontario County (1871-1873) then Deputy Reeve for Reach Township, Ontario (1891) then reeve (1892-1893).
In 1870, he married Sarah Jane Dryden. Burnett died in Toronto at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19813865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813865" title="This Christmas, Aretha">
This Christmas, Aretha

This Christmas is the 2008 Christmas album by Aretha Franklin. Initially a Borders Bookstore exclusive, it was reissued in 2009 on DMI Records.
It is her first ever Christmas album. Having failed to launch her own Detroit-based label, Aretha's Records, she chose to release this album on DMI Records. The album peaked at #102 on the "Billboard" album chart. As of January 2013, it has reportedly sold 142,864 copies in the United States (citation needed).

</doc>
<doc id="19813878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813878" title="Bermudian cuisine">
Bermudian cuisine

Bermudian cuisine is the cuisine of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda.
The cuisine of the islands reflects a rich and diverse history and heritage blending English cuisine and Portuguese cuisine with preparations of local seafood species, particularly wahoo and rockfish. Traditional dishes include codfish and potatoes served either with an add on of hard boiled egg and egg sauce with olive oil as cooking medium or in the Portuguese style with tomato-onion sauce, peas and rice. Hoppin' John, pawpaw casserole and fish chowder are also a specialties of Bermuda. As most ingredients used in Bermuda’s cuisine are imported, local dishes are offered with a global blend, with fish as the major ingredient, in any food eaten at any time.
Main dishes.
There are several dishes served on Bermuda that are unique to the island which offer a taste of traditional Bermudian culture. Fish is one of the main ingredients in Bermudian cuisine. Local fish includes mahi mahi, snapper, spiny lobster (during September–March), tuna, and wahoo. These are used in dishes such as fish and chips, panfried fish, and boiled salted codfish and potato, a traditional dish in Bermuda (usually served on Sundays with tomato sauce and olive oil).
Fish chowder is considered a national dish, which is a staple food not only in restaurants and hotels but also in homes; the main ingredients are fish stock, fish, vegetables and bacon fat and served with spices, but a Bermudan specialty is to serve it with black rum and sherry peppers, available in many restaurants, including the Blackbeard's Hideout restaurant; Beef stock is an essential ingredient in Bermudian fish chowder. sherry pepper is prepared with ripe and very hot bird peppers using sherry for marinating it, and supplemented with herbs and spices; and black rum is rum is derived by blackening with molasses in a special barrel for aging.
The specialty in some restaurants during the week end is a codfish brunch. It is a large serving of full blown codfish, boiled and steamed with salt, and with boiled potatoes, onions, and sliced bananas. The topping is with hard-boiled egg or tomato sauce, and, also occasionally with avocado slices.
Appetizers served are a shark hash and Codfish cakes. Shark hash is minced shark meat, sautéed with spices, and served on toast. Codfish cake is made out of salted cod mash (smashed) and with cooked potatoes and fresh thyme and parsley. Then, it is formed made in to patty and fried on a pan. It is also served with topping of a "zesty fruit salsa and a side of mesclun salad" sandwiched in a white bun with mayonnaise.
Fruits and vegetables.
Almost every type of vegetable can grow in Bermuda. Growers provide cabbage, celery, cucumbers, French beans, green peas, carrots, parsnips, radishes, and turnips for local tables. Flax, capsicums and peppers are also locally grown and incorporated in local cuisine. English onions arrived in Bermuda around 1616 where they became known as Bermuda Onions. The Bermudans make use of the abundance of locally grown fruits in fruit salads, incorporating strawberries, loquats, grapefruit, watermelon, papaya, cassava, and Suriname cherries.
For vegetarians, the choice is very limited to dishes prepared with fresh Bermuda carrots, onions, potatoes, and green beans but without any meat.
Breads and desserts.
Corn bread, originating in Mexico and sweet Easter bread, originating in the British West Indies are incorporated into menus. Bananas are versatile in local cuisine, and may be used to make banana crumble and desserts made from strawberries and cherries, fried as fritters, or flamed in rum. Desserts with bananas are also baked in rum and brown sugar. Jelly-roll or sponge cake, served with peaches or strawberries, bananas, custard, chopped nuts, and whipped cream and soaked in sherry is also a common dessert. Another notable Bermudian dessert is the restaurant Fresco's chocolate mousse cake, which is served fresh out of the oven with roasted almonds, toffee, marshmallow ice cream, and pistachio creme.
Holidays and festivals.
Sweet potato pudding makes use of cinnamon, cloves, and lemon or orange juice, and is especially popular on Guy Fawkes Night. Hot cross buns with codfish cakes are a Good Friday fare. Dating to 1612, cassava pie is a Christmas dinner specialty, combining chicken or pork with eggs, brandy and sweet pastry. However, this dish is now offered as a side dish in restaurants on any day. Though every Bermudian family follows its individual recipe, cassava pie includes grated cassava, butters, eggs, salt and sugar. While beef and pork were initially added to chicken for the pie filling, beef and pork are no longer favored. Mussel pie is also a common dish. Its ingredients are shelled mussels, potatoes, and onions. It is served baked and seasoned with thyme, parsley, and curry. Bermuda's Culinary Arts Festival occurs in November and features celebrity seminars as well as gourmet food demonstrations and tastings.

</doc>
<doc id="19813921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813921" title="Marymoor Prehistoric Indian Site">
Marymoor Prehistoric Indian Site

The Marymoor Prehistoric Indian Site is the site of an archaeological dig in Marymoor Park, Redmond, Washington. After King County bought the property in 1962, the site was one of four sites in the park considered for excavation. The dig began in 1964, and continued for four years. 
The dig revealed two separate periods of occupation of the site, which is adjacent to the Sammamish River. The first period was around 4,000 B.C.E., and is thought to have been a seasonal camp. In this layer, researchers found stone tools, including spear/arrow points. The second period of occupation was around 1,000 BCE, and appears to have been a more permanent camp. The stone tools found in this layer are from a more varied array of stone than the basalt of the older layer. Much of the stone had to have been traded from the Eastern side of the Cascade Mountains, as they don't occur naturally on the Western side. 
Many of the items were exhibited in the Marymoor Museum, which was at the park until King County evicted it 2002. Other items were sent to the Burke Museum at the University of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19813964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813964" title="Graignes, Manche">
Graignes, Manche

Graignes is a former commune in the Manche département of the Basse-Normandie region of Northern France. On 28 February 2007, it was merged with the commune of Le Mesnil-Angot to form Graignes-Mesnil-Angot.

</doc>
<doc id="19813987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19813987" title="Joe Lis">
Joe Lis

Joseph Anthony Lis (August 15, 1946 – October 17, 2010) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for four different teams between the 1970 and 1977 seasons. Listed at , 175 lb., Lis batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Somerville, New Jersey.
Lis entered the majors in 1970 with the Philadelphia Phillies, playing for them three years before joining the Minnesota Twins (1973–74), Cleveland Indians (1974–76) and Seattle Mariners (1977). Basically a first baseman during his major league career, he also played left field, right field, third base, and caught in one game. 
A good power hitter in the minor leagues, Lis batted at least 33 home runs in three different seasons and was named International League Most Valuable Player in 1976, an award he shared with fellow infielders Mickey Klutts and Rich Dauer. Nevertheless, he never translated his minor league success into a full-time job in the majors. His most productive season came in 1973 with Minnesota, when he posted career numbers in homers (nine), RBI (25) and games (103) as a replacement for injured Harmon Killebrew. 
Lis also played in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Kintetsu Buffaloes in 1978. He finished his baseball career with the Triple-A Champion, Evansville Triplets, in the 1979 season.
Following his playing career, Lis coached youth baseball for over 30 years, including in the Newburgh American Legion from 1984 to 2002. In 2003, he became General Manager of the Evansville Wolfepack 18-year-old travel team. He also owned and operated the Joe Lis Baseball School since 1991, and worked at James R. Pyle Insurance Agency since 1989.
Lis died in Evansville, Indiana at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19814011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814011" title="America's Suitehearts">
America's Suitehearts

"America's Suitehearts" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the second single taken from their fourth studio album, "Folie à Deux" (2008). Initially released to iTunes in promotion before the album's release, "America's Suitehearts" was later serviced to Pop and Alternative radio in January 2009. A demo/snippet titled "America's Sweethearts" was included on the band's mixtape, "Welcome to the New Administration", as part of their viral campaign in promotion of their record. The music video was unveiled at 3PM on January 1, 2009 on The N. Bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz commented that the song was about society's fixation with celebrities. The music was composed by vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump.
The song has been performed on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", at the MTV Inaugural Celebration and in February 2009 on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
The song debuted at No. 44 in late December 2008 in Australia on the ARIA Singles Chart, and in early 2009 reached its peak of No. 26, becoming the seventh consecutive top 30 single for Fall Out Boy in that region. "America's Suitehearts" also debuted at No. 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, and received minor pop radio airplay to reach No. 30 on Pop Songs but failed to place on Alternative Songs. It peaked at No. 76 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The video for the song involves various people being drastically changed by the media and paparazzi, which is what the song is said to be about. Hey Monday lead singer Cassadee Pope makes an appearance in the video. Clips of the band performing in exaggerated circus costumes on a carousel are shown throughout the video.
Wentz also stated that the music video was inspired by director Federico Fellini, as well as the film "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?".
Each band member's costume represents a character from various lyrics on "Folie à Deux":
Remix.
On March 30, the official remix, called the hip-hop remix, leaked out featuring rappers Joe Budden, 88-Keys and Murs. In the song, the rappers discuss the politics of the music industry, with Fall Out Boy vocalist Patrick Stump singing the chorus. Another remix leaked soon after which featured Lil Wayne as well as a remix made by Mark Hoppus. The Mark Hoppus remix appears on the EP "".
Track listing.
All lyrics written by bassist Pete Wentz; all music composed by lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump.

</doc>
<doc id="19814012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814012" title="Abū Hayyān al-Tawhīdī">
Abū Hayyān al-Tawhīdī

Ali ibn Mohammed ibn Abbas (923-1023) () also known as Abū Hayyān al-Tawhīdī () was one of the most influential intellectuals and thinkers of the 10th century.
Yaqut Al-Hamawi described him as "the philosopher of litterateurs and the litterateur of philosophers." However, he was neglected and ignored by the historians of his era. This neglect continued until Yaqut wrote his famous book "Mu'jam Al-'Udaba (), which contained a biographical outline of at-Tawhidi, relying primarily on what al-Tawhidi had written about himself, and expressed surprise that as eminent a person as al-Tawhidi had been so ignored.
Origin.
There are differing views on the dates of al-Tawhidi's birth and death, and his origins. According to "Tarikh-i Sistan", he was born in 923 Near Baghdad, and died in 1023 in Shiraz. Al-Tawhidi had a difficult childhood. He was born into a poor family that sold dates called Tawhid (hence his surname), and spent much of his childhood as an orphan in the care of his uncle, who treated him poorly.
Education.
Al-Tawhidi received learning in Baghdad at the hands of senior scientists and writers of that era, and the culture of his time taking the same encyclopedic which gleaned from the following sources:
Contact with statesmen.
In spite of that al-Tawhidi tried hard to improve his status when he contacted some of the high-ranking statesmen, such as the viziers: Al-Muhallabi, Ibn al-'Amid, Sahib ibn 'Abbad and others, but it was disappointing every time, probably because of lack of luck.
No exaggeration in saying that the life of al-Tawhidi is a series of successive failures and frustrations, the most cause is al-Tawhidi himself; he had a melancholic and depressed mood, and he was sad, pessimistic, and had resentment against others, alluring defamatory distinguished from the good people in his time, the envier own them. It was, in addition to all this, the aggressors themselves, the most literary self, somewhat ambitious rashness, so he lived most of his life suffering from violent conflict between over-ambitious and painful reality is full of all the colors of failure and deprivation.
This conflict has forced him eventually to succumb to despair and Thrown resorted to Sufism to escape the bitter reality. Perhaps the burning of his books by himself which happened later in his life is a good evidence that the despair of himself and people and that he choose to live the life of asceticism in his remaining days.
Works.
In spite of the incident of burning his books collectively (which was symbolic of course) by himself, he have left to us a set of literary, philosophical, and Sufi works, which were distinctive in the history of the Arabic literature. Perhaps the most important works are: ِ
And also he wrote a series of letters, all are verified and printed.
Literary Style.
In terms of writing style, al-Tawhidi has never yield to the technique of Saj' and Badi' (Arabic Eloquence) which was prevailed in his era, but his style was mostly Jahizian style; and relies on reasoning, duplication, division, cynicism and redundancy, and in his writings pay a careful attention.

</doc>
<doc id="19814024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814024" title="Valley District">
Valley District

The Valley District was an organization of the Confederate States Army and subsection of the Department of Northern Virginia during the American Civil War, responsible for operations between the Blue Ridge Mountains and Allegheny Mountains of Virginia. It was created on October 22, 1861, and was surrendered by the authority of Gen. Robert E. Lee at Appomattox Court House on April 9, 1865.
Background.
The Valley District was created to administer various home guard and military units and armies which operated in the Shenandoah Valley. The first forces organized in this area prior to the creation of the Valley District were the "Forces In and About Harper's Ferry, Virginia", which existed from April 18, 1861, to June 15, 1861. The Forces In and About Harper's Ferry were originally under the Virginia State Militia, and were placed under three commanders during that time. Maj. Gen. Kenton Harper (Virginia State Militia) commanded from April 18 to April 28, then command fell to Col. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's (Virginia State Militia) from April 28 to May 24, and finally the forces were transferred to the Confederate States Army and Brig. Gen. Joseph E. Johnston from May 24 to June 15, 1861.
From June 15 to October 22, military organization in the Shenandoah Valley came under local leadership until the Department of Northern Virginia. It was created on October 22, 1861, as Johnston prepared defenses in Northern Virginia. The Valley District was defined as the area between the Blue Ridge Mountains, the Alleghenies and extended south from the Potomac River to the vicinity of Staunton, Virginia and covered an area of roughly five thousand square miles.
Three districts were created under the Department of Northern Virginia were:
While the Aquia and Potomac Districts ceased to exist by the spring of 1862, the need remained for military organization in the Valley throughout the remainder of the war.
1864.
During 1864, while under the command of Lt. Gen. Jubal Early, the Valley District operated its own independent army, the Army of the Valley, which was essentially composed of the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia. The Second Corps was detached from Lee's main army to invade, threaten and assault Washington, D.C., on the hopes of drawing forces away from Lt. General Ulysses S. Grant's forces, and thereby relieving pressure on his siege around Richmond, and Petersburg, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19814032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814032" title="George Oldfield (detective)">
George Oldfield (detective)

George Oldfield (11 February 1919 – 4 July 1985) was a British police detective who finished his career as Assistant Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police. He is known for leading major criminal inquiries by the force, including the M62 coach bombing and the 'Yorkshire Ripper' series of murders. The latter inquiry put great strain on his health.
Personal life.
George Oldfield was born 11 February 1919, the youngest of four children of Alice (née Issott) (1881–1948) and John Oldfield (1875–1928). George's siblings included Maud Lea (1903–1992), Harold, and Evelyn McGuinn (1907–1999).
In 1944, Oldfield married 21-year-old Agnes Clarkson and had two children, Michael and Linda.
M62 bombing.
Oldfield had served in the Royal Navy before joining the West Riding police force in 1947. He quickly specialised in the Criminal Investigation Department, and rose through the ranks. In February 1974, Detective Chief Superintendent Oldfield as head of the West Yorkshire CID took command of the investigation into an Irish Republican Army bomb which had killed 12 people on board a coach carrying members of the British armed services along the M62 motorway; he immediately made contact with the Garda Síochána and ordered forensic tests on the wreckage on the motorway. On 19 February the investigation charged Judith Ward with the bombing after Griess tests on her hands indicated contact with explosives and prompted a confession. Although her confession was later retracted, Ward was convicted of the bombing on 4 November 1974 and sentenced to 30 years' imprisonment.
Promotion.
The success of obtaining a conviction and heavy sentence on Ward was a significant boost to Oldfield's reputation, and on 27 May 1976 he was promoted to be Assistant Chief Constable for Crime at West Yorkshire Police. It was some years after Oldfield's death that, in 1992, Ward's conviction was overturned as the forensic tests were discredited and her confession found to be the product of a mental illness. In overturning the conviction, the Court of Appeal strongly criticised Oldfield for not disclosing a series of interviews with Ward to her defence team.
Yorkshire Ripper inquiry.
As Assistant Chief Constable, Oldfield took the lead when starting in 1975 several women were found murdered or horrifically injured in Leeds and Bradford. Oldfield confirmed when new attacks were linked with the same inquiry that the police believed they were being committed by the same man. From the fact that the murderer attacked and mutilated women, some of whom were associated with prostitution, the nickname "Yorkshire Ripper" came to be applied to the killings. Oldfield devoted himself to investigating the crimes, working very long hours and taking very little leave.
Health problems.
In June 1979, Oldfield publicised a tape recording received by the police in which a man claiming to be the murderer taunted Oldfield personally for being unable to catch him. Oldfield was convinced that the tape came from the real murderer and spent a great deal of time in the north east around Sunderland, as the accent of the man on the tape was determined to come from the Castletown area in the town. However, in August 1979 Oldfield was taken ill with what was described as a chest infection; he was off work for more than four months. When he returned it was acknowledged that Oldfield had had a heart attack. He did not return to the Ripper investigation.
The arrest of Peter Sutcliffe by South Yorkshire Police in Sheffield in January 1981 led to the discovery that he was the 'Yorkshire Ripper'. Sutcliffe had no connection to Sunderland and it quickly became apparent that the letters had been a distraction from the hunt for the murderer. Oldfield did not attend Sutcliffe's trial at the Old Bailey in London; he still believed, although Sutcliffe had not written the letters or read the taped message, that there was a strong connection between them and the murder inquiry. Shortly after the trial, Oldfield was transferred away from the CID to take charge of operational support. West Yorkshire police insisted that he was not being sacked or demoted, but moved to less onerous duties due to his health. In February 1982 he moved to be Assistant Chief Constable in charge of the Western Division, based at Bradford.
Retirement.
In 1983 Oldfield had a second heart attack and was off work for several months. During this time the Chief Constable Ronald Gregory praised his officers who had worked hard and whose health had suffered under the pressure, including media criticism; the remark was interpreted as referring principally to Oldfield. It was announced in July 1983 that Oldfield was to retire at the end of August due to ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="19814037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814037" title="Descendants of Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici">
Descendants of Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici

Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici were married on October 28, 1533, and their marriage produced ten children. Henry and Catherine became the ancestors of monarchs of several countries. Some of their descendants were doomed historical figures, like Marie Antoinette, Queen of France and her loyal companion and friend, the Madame de Lamballe, brilliant military commanders like Prince Eugene of Savoy and Louis William of Baden, later Kings of France, like Louis XV of France and Louis XVI of France and famous personalities such as actress Brooke Shields, among many others. This article elaborates on descent from Henry and Catherine, and how it can still be traced till today.
Background, pedigree and family ties.
Both Henry and Catherine were from illustrious families and had notable people in their respective family trees.
Henry II of France.
Henry's father was Francis I of France, the patron of Leonardo da Vinci and a member of the Valois-Angoulême branch of the House of Valois. His maternal grandfather was Louis XII of France, the conqueror of the Neapolitan Kingdom of Naples and the Duchy of Milan. Both Kings of France were descendants (in the male line) of Charles V, King of France, and as such represented, as the only extant line of the House of Valois, the descent of Charles, Count of Valois, fourth son of King Philip III of France, from the House of Capet.
Henry's maternal grandmother was Anne of Brittany, the defiant Duchess Regnant of Brittany and Queen of France twice over. Her grandmother was Eleanor of Navarre, the daughter of John II of Aragon and half-sister of Ferdinand II of Aragon. Therefore, this made Henry a distant half-cousin of his son-in-law Philip II of Spain. This also made him a second cousin once-removed of his other son-in-law, Henry IV of France, who was also his 7th cousin, 4 times removed, through their common male-line ancestor, St. Louis of France. Also, Henry was a direct matrilineal descendant of Blanca Núñez de Lara.
Catherine de' Medici.
Catherine's father and grandfather were Lorenzo II de' Medici, Duke of Urbino and Piero the Unfortunate respectively. The latter was a son of Lorenzo il Magnifico, the great Renaissance ruler of Florence. This made Catherine a scion of the illustrious House of Medici. Also her guardian till her marriage was Pope Clement VII, formerly Giulio De'Medici, illegitimate son of Giuliano De'Medici, brother of Lorenzo il Magnifico. Therefore from her father's side, Catherine had high Italian ancestry.
Her mother was from the House of La Tour d'Auvergne, her father being the last Count of Boulogne from the aforementioned House. Through her mother, Catherine's ancestry stretched back to Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, who was part of the invading army of William, the Conqueror in the Battle of Hastings. Interestingly, Catherine was also a descendant of William the Conqueror himself, through his grandson, Stephen of England, whose daughter Marie of Boulogne was a direct ancestor of Catherine. Her maternal grandmother Jeanne de Bourbon-Vendôme was a direct patrilineal descendant of Louis, the first duke of Bourbon. This made Catherine a direct descendant of Louis IX of France, and of the House of Capet, albeit through a female line. Also this made her a 7th cousin, once removed of her husband Henry and a 6th cousin, 3 times removed of Henri of Navarre, her son-in-law.
Children.
During their marriage, the royal couple faced health problems with their children: their fourth child, Louis, died when he was a baby and Catherine almost died giving birth to her youngest children who were the twins, Joan and Victoria. After their birth the doctors told Henry and Catherine that their marriage should not produce more children.
The following table lists all the children of Henry and Catherine.

</doc>
<doc id="19814070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814070" title="Chardon de Croisilles">
Chardon de Croisilles

Chardon de Croisilles or de Reims ("fl". 1220–45) was an Old French trouvère and possibly an Occitan troubadour. He was probably from Croisilles, but perhaps Reims. He is associated with the school of trouvères in and around Arras. Chardon wrote four "chansons d'amour", two "jeux partis", and one "partimen". 
In two of his "chansons" Chardon represented Marguerite de Bourbon, the wife (from 1232) of Theobald I of Navarre, in acrostics. Based on this and another internal reference to the castle of Monreal near Pamplona, whereat Theobald was staying in 1237, it is thought that Chardon joined Theobald's Crusade, which left for the Holy Land in 1237. Henry II of Bar, who adjudicated one of Chardon's "jeux partis", also went on Crusade with Theobald. 
All Chardon's French poems use pedes and cauda: the "chansons" are decasyllabic, the "jeux partis" octosyllabic. His only surviving melodies, for "Mar vit raison covoite trop haut" and "Rose ne lis ne me done talent", are non-repetitive. A fifth "chanson", no longer ascribed to Chardon, "Li departirs de la douce contree", is notable for the simplicity of its melody compared to the "floridity" of that of "Rose ne lis". 
A poet named Chardo wrote a "partimen" (the Occitan version of a "jeu parti") with an otherwise unidentified poet named Uc. The rubric "La tenzo del chardo e den ugo" ("The "tenso" of Chardo and of Lord Hugh") appears in the manuscript. While Chardo's half, "N'Ugo, cauzetz, avans que respondatz", survives, Uc's poem has disappeared. Hermann Suchier was the first scholar to identify Chardo with Chardon, dating the "partimen" to "c".1240, but he has not gone unopposed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19814073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814073" title="Chardo">
Chardo

Chardo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19814081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814081" title="31 Digital">
31 Digital

31 Digital is a community television station based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, formerly known as 'Briz 31, later as 31 Your Local Television, then as QCTV and more recently as 31 QCTV (Queensland Community Television). Its programming features five locally produced shows and shows produced by other community stations around the country. It is broadcast on UHF channel 31 at 548.224 MHz, from the ABQ-2 transmitter tower on Mount Coot-tha. 31 offers newcomers to the media field an opportunity to gain experience before entering commercial broadcasting. The station also carries a number of programs originally developed at other Channel 31 stations in other states. 31 also broadcasts classic films and television programs, and the best in community made programming and original productions.
After a long time of uncertainty, 31 went digital on 7 June 2010. With the discontinuation of analogue television services the station now broadcasts on 529.500MHz.
Branding.
The station was originally called Briz 31 and began transmission on the 31 analogue bandwidth on 31 July 1994. In November 2009, the station was re-branded as 31 QCTV with the intention to later scrap "QCTV" from the name all together. As the station promised, in April 2010 there was a complete return to the name 31. Due to the station beginning transmission on the new digital channel 44, the station was again rebranded as 31 Digital.
History.
Brisbane community television was formed by foundation members Wes Tatters, Ric Adams, Simon Bunker, Ben Morrisson and Cait Spreadborough. The station began broadcasting during a 2 week test transmission in 1992, during the opening of South Bank Parklands. During the broadcast week many different formats produced by the members went to air. Live footage from the opening of South Bank, member produced formats including a variety show "On the Bed with Simon and Karen" where guests were invite to come and sit on a bed in the studio in their pyjamas and be interviewed by the hosts.
The following two years were spent lobbying the ABA (Australian Broadcasting Authority) for permission to broadcast on a full-time basis and developing a draft funding model for the organisation. At this time there were no licence categories available except the experimental broadcasting category.
The station begain broadcasting in the Brisbane area from Vulture Street Studios in July 1994 after an arrangement was struck with Telstra to provide broadcasting facilities on Mount Coot-tha.
In 2007 the station had a major transmitter upgrade, which allowed it to reach another 40% of viewers mainly in Ipswich and the surrounding areas. In March 2010, the station announced it would begin broadcasting in digital by 7 June 2010. In May 2011, the station reported its analogue broadcast would cease on 15 May 2011.
Programming.
Programmes produced by the station are as follows:

</doc>
