<doc id="19919849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919849" title="Precambrian rabbit">
Precambrian rabbit

"Precambrian rabbits" or "fossil rabbits in the Precambrian" are reported to have been among responses given by the biologist J.B.S. Haldane when asked what evidence could destroy his confidence in the theory of evolution and the field of study. The answers became popular imagery in debates about evolution and the scientific field of evolutionary biology in the 1990s. Many of Haldane's statements about his scientific research were popularized in his lifetime.
Some accounts use this response to rebut claims that the theory of evolution is not falsifiable by any empirical evidence. This followed an assertion by philosopher, Karl Popper, who had proposed that "falsifiability" is an essential feature of a scientific theory. Popper also expressed doubts about the scientific status of evolutionary theory, although he later concluded that the field of study was genuinely scientific.
Rabbits are mammals. From the perspective of the philosophy of science, it is doubtful whether the genuine discovery of mammalian fossils in Precambrian rocks would overthrow the theory of evolution instantly, although, if authentic, such a discovery would indicate serious errors in modern understanding about the evolutionary process. Mammals are a class of animals, whose emergence in the geologic timescale is dated to much later than any found in Precambrian strata. Geological records indicate that although the first true mammals appeared in the Triassic period, modern mammalian orders appeared in the Palaeocene and Eocene epochs of the Palaeogene period. Hundreds of millions of years separate this period from the Precambrian.
Origin of the phrase.
Several authors have written that J.B.S. Haldane (1892–1964) said that the discovery of a fossil rabbit in Precambrian rocks would be enough to destroy his belief in evolution. However these references date from the 1990s or later. In 1996 Michael J. Benton cited the 1993 edition of Mark Ridley's book "Evolution", Richard Dawkins wrote in 2005 that Haldane was responding to a challenge by a "Popperian zealot". In 2004 Richa Arora wrote that the story was told by John Maynard Smith (1920–2004) in a television programme. John Maynard Smith attributed the phrase to Haldane in a conversation with Paul Harvey in the early 1970s.
Theoretical background.
The philosopher Karl Popper held that any scientific proposition must be "falsifiable", in other words it must at least be possible to imagine an experiment whose outcome would disprove the hypothesis. Initially he thought that Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection (often summarized as "the survival of the fittest") was untestable in this sense, and therefore "almost tautological." Popper later changed his view, concluding that the theory of natural selection is falsifiable and that Darwin's own example of the peacock's tail had disproved one extreme variation of it, that "all" evolution is driven by natural selection. Although in 1978 Popper wrote that his earlier objection had been specifically to the theory of natural selection, in lectures and articles from 1949 to 1974 he had stated that "Darwinism" or "Darwin's theory of evolution" was a "metaphysical research programme" because it was not falsifiable. In fact he continued to express dissatisfaction with contemporary statements of the theory of evolution which focused on population genetics, the study of the relative frequencies of alleles (different forms of the same gene). Unfortunately some of the adjustments he proposed resembled Lamarckianism or saltationism, evolutionary theories that were and still are considered obsolete, and evolutionary biologists therefore disregarded his criticisms. In 1981 Popper complained that he had been misinterpreted as saying that "historical sciences" such as paleontology or the history of evolution of life on Earth were not genuine sciences, when in fact he believed they could make falsifiable predictions.
Further confusion arose in 1980–1981, when there was a long debate in the pages of "Nature" about the scientific status of the theory of evolution. Specifically, the argument was on the factors influencing and nature of the unit of selection in the genome, with one side positing natural selection, and the other, neutral mutation. Neither of the parties seriously doubted that the theory was both scientific and, according to current scientific knowledge, true. Some participants objected to statements that appeared to present the theory of evolution as an absolute dogma, however, rather than as a hypothesis that so far has performed very well, and both sides quoted Popper in support of their positions. Evolution critics such as Philip E. Johnson took this as an opportunity to declare that the theory of evolution was unscientific.
Would anachronistic fossils disprove evolution?
Evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins said that the discovery of fossil mammals in Precambrian rocks would "completely blow evolution out of the water." Philosopher Peter Godfrey-Smith doubted that a single set of anachronistic fossils, however, even rabbits in the Precambrian, would disprove the theory of evolution outright. The first question raised by the assertion of such a discovery would be whether the alleged "Precambrian rabbits" really were fossilized rabbits. Alternative interpretations might include incorrect identification of the "fossils", incorrect dating of the rocks, and a hoax such as the Piltdown Man was shown to be. Even if the "Precambrian rabbits" turned out to be genuine, they would not instantly refute the theory of evolution, because that theory is a large package of ideas, including: that life on Earth has evolved over billions of years; that this evolution is driven by certain mechanisms; and that these mechanisms have produced a specific "family tree" that defines the relationships among species and the order in which they appeared. Hence, "Precambrian rabbits" would prove that there were one or more serious errors somewhere in this package, and the next task would be to identify those errors.
Benton pointed out that, in the short term, scientists often have to accept the existence of competing hypotheses, each of which explains large parts—but not all—of the observed relevant data.
Fossil evidences.
The hoax.
In 2007 it was announced that a rabbit fossil was discovered among the Burgess Shale fauna. Specifically the photograph shows a complete rabbit skeleton on top of a trilobite. It was recovered by paleontologist Dr Wilfred Splenebyrst of the London School of Ergonomics. Splenbyrst was reported to exclaim, "There really is no doubt. This is a 520-million year old rabbit fossil." It was further publicised that due to its profound impact on evolutionary science, the journal "Nature" published the news ahead of its normal schedule, and that the journal would be renamed "Realm". The fossil was a photoshop fraud and the story a hoax. The discoverer and the institute are jocular names. "Nature" is still "Nature".
Oldest rabbit.
Genuine fossils of earliest rabbits are from the Eocene Epoch, about 56 to 33.9 million years ago. Members of the genus "Gomphos" are established to be the phylogenetic root of lagomorph rabbits and hares. To date, the oldest "Gomphos" is "G. elkema" discovered in 2008 from Gujarat, India. The fossil is dated to 53 million years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19919852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919852" title="Papyrus 39">
Papyrus 39

Papyrus 39 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_139, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John, it contains only John 8:14-22. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 3rd century. Written by professional scribe, in 25 lines per page, in large, beautiful letters. It has numbered pages.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (proto-Alexandrian). Aland placed it in Category I. formula_139 shows agreement with Vaticanus and formula_175. There are no singular readings.
Guglielmo Cavallo published its facsimile in 1967.
The manuscript now resides in the The Green Collection and is featured in its worldwide-traveling exhibition, "Passages".

</doc>
<doc id="19919864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919864" title="Academy of Our Lady">
Academy of Our Lady

Academy of Our Lady may refer to:
Academy of Our Lady school in Waukegan, IL: Archdiocese of Chicago school in Lake County, IL.
A combination of Lake Shore Catholic Academy and Immaculate Conception schools. Changed name to Most Blessed Trinity Academy in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19919873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919873" title="Exchange (organized market)">
Exchange (organized market)

An exchange, or bourse , is a highly organized market where (especially) tradable securities, commodities, foreign exchange, futures, and options contracts are sold and bought. 
History.
The term "bourse" is derived from the 13th-century inn named "Huis ter Beurze" in Bruges, Belgium, where traders and foreign merchants from across Europe conducted business in the late medieval period. The building, which was established by Robert van der Buerze as a hostelry, had operated from 1285. Its managers became famous for offering judicious financial advice to the traders and merchants who frequented the building. This service became known as the "Beurze Purse" which is the basis of "bourse", meaning an organised place of exchange. Eventually the building became solely a place for trading in commodities.
During the 18th century, the façade of the "Huis ter Beurze" was rebuilt with a wide frontage of pilasters. However, in 1947 it was restored to its original medieval appearance.
In the twelfth century, foreign exchange dealers in France were responsible for controlling and regulating the debts of agricultural communities on behalf of banks. This is actually the first brokers. They met on the Grand Bridge in Paris, the current Pont au Change. It just takes its name from the forex brokers.
In the thirteenth century, the Lombard bankers are the first to share state claims in Pisa, Genoa and Florence.In 1409, the phenomenon was institutionalized by the creation of the Exchange Bruges. It was quickly followed by others, in Flanders and neighboring countries (Ghent and Amsterdam). It is still in Belgium and the first building designed to house a scholarship was built in Antwerp. The first scholarship organized in France was born in Lyon in 1540.
The first documented crash takes place in 1636 in Holland. The prices of tulip bulbs reaching excessively high levels, the price collapsed on October 1. This is the tulip mania
In the seventeenth century, the Dutch were the first to use the stock market to finance companies, the first company to issue stocks and bonds was the Dutch East India Company, introduced in 1602. 
It is in 1688 that we began to list the shares and bonds to the London Stock Exchange.
In 1774, the Paris Stock Exchange (founded in 1724), the courts must now necessarily be shouted to improve the transparency of operations. It is the creation of the prosecution. In the nineteenth century, the industrial revolution enables rapid development of stock markets, driven by the significant capital requirements for finance industry and transport. From the 1970s, we are witnessing the dematerialization of securities traded on the stock exchange with the computer revolution.
In 1971, the NASDAQ is the primary market quotes computer. In France, the dematerialization was effective from November 5, 1984 .
Description.
Exchanges bring together brokers and dealers who buy and sell these objects. These various financial instruments can typically be sold either through the exchange, typically with the benefit of a clearinghouse to cover defaults, or over-the-counter (OTC), where there is typically less protection against counter-party risk from clearinghouses, although OTC clearinghouses have become more common over the years, with regulators placing pressure on the OTC markets to clear and display trades openly.
Exchanges can be subdivided:
In practice, futures exchanges are usually commodity exchanges, i.e., all derivatives, including financial derivatives, are usually traded at commodity exchanges. This has historical reasons: the first exchanges were stock exchanges. In the 19th century, exchanges were opened to trade forward contracts on commodities. Exchange-traded forward contracts are called futures contracts. These "commodity exchanges" later started offering future contracts on other products, such as interest rates and shares, as well as options contracts; now they are generally known as futures exchanges.
For details, see:

</doc>
<doc id="19919882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919882" title="Scout Records">
Scout Records

Scout Records was the relatively short-lived German independent record label, founded and owned in the late 1960s by the German concert promoters Horst Lippmann and Fritz Rau, before in 1979 they founded their main label L+R Records.
The Scout label released seven blues albums, among them three compilations, one solo album of Howlin' Wolf's guitarist Hubert Sumlin, the first solo album of J. B. Lenoir, and recordings of the American Folk Blues Festivals 1969 and 1970.
They also issued a triple-LP with recordings of the "Deutsches Jazz Festival Frankfurt" 1970, containing tracks by - amongst others - Albert Mangelsdorff, Just Music, Klaus Doldinger Quartet, Phil Woods and his European Rhythm Machine, Dave Pike Set, Peter Brötzmann Group, Pierre Favre Group, Joachim Kuhn Group, Gunter Hampel Group, European Free Jazz Orchestra of the Art Ensemble of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="19919888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919888" title="Davey Arthur">
Davey Arthur

Davey Arthur (born in Donegal) is an Irish folk singer.
Biography.
Arthur moved to Scotland at the age of two. He started to play music at the age of eight, and at 18 he returned to Ireland, where he started to compose his own music. He became world famous after he joined The Fureys, when they had their most successful hits. After leaving the Fureys in 1992, he went on to continue with his own solo career, and is involved in various projects, including his own tours. He plays the banjo, mandolin and guitar.
Discography.
In all he has written over 40 compositions, that feature on 28 albums.
Solo albums
The Buskers ( with Paul Furey and Brendan Leeson)
The Fureys & Davey Arthur

</doc>
<doc id="19919895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919895" title="Cold Prey 2">
Cold Prey 2

Cold Prey 2: Resurrection () is a 2008 Norwegian slasher film, directed by Mats Stenberg. It is the sequel to the highly successful "Cold Prey" ("Fritt Vilt"), and premiered in Norway on 10 October 2008. It was directed by Roar Uthaug and starred Ingrid Bolsø Berdal in the leading role. The film picks up where the first left off. The female protagonist is picked up in the wilderness and brought to a hospital, but soon her nightmare starts all over again. Reviewers, though not overwhelmed, declared it a surprisingly good sequel to the original. Its opening weekend was the best for any Norwegian movie in history.
Plot.
Jannicke (Berdal), the only survivor from the massacre depicted in the previous movie, is picked up in Jotunheimen and brought to a hospital in Otta. At the hospital, she receives good care, but seems distant from her caretakers. 
While she stays in the hospital, she meets a boy named Daniel and the two have a pleasant conversation. Meanwhile in the rest of the hospital police officers Einar and Kim discuss Jannicke's situation and investigate her last known location at the hotel where they discover several bodies nearby including the mountain man's and  has it sent back to the hospital. 
At the hospital, officer Sverre flirts with the local nurse Audhild while nurse Camilla tries to uncover Jannicke's story. It is also revealed that Jannicke has been suffering nightmares from her previous encounter with the mountain man and even goes as far as attacking the mountain man's body in the morgue, much to the surprise of her caretakers. 
They decide to drug her to keep her calm after her emotional outburst, much to the protest of nurse Camilla. During this time, the police investigation continues as they begin to discover more bodies. 
However, at the hospital the mountain man shows sign of life and is frantically resuscitated, much to the horror of Jannicke who violently attempts to stop them but is tranquillized in the process. The doctors manage to successfully bring the mountain man back to life and leave him under watch by Sverre. Eventually the mountain man wakes up, murders a distracted Sverre, and breaks free. 
He then proceeds to go in a killing spree across the hospital while a recently awoken Jannicke escapes the hospital in the aftermath with Daniel and Camilla while locking the mountain man in the basement. 
They proceed to rendezvous with officers Kim, Ole, Einar and Johan outside. After being told to stay outside by Einar, who has been investigating the mountain man's background, Jannicke watches nervously as he enters the hospital with Ole and Kim accompanying while Daniel is taken away by his mother. 
Inside, the officers fail to find the mountain man and decide to pull back from the hospital but are side tracked by Johan's radio message revealing the location of Sverre's body. 
After finding the body, the officers are attacked and all but Ole are killed in the ambush. After watching gunshots within the hospital, Jannicke offers to enter the hospital with officer Johan. However, this plan is interrupted when the mountain man attacks, wounding her and killing officer Johan as well as frightening Camilla. 
The remaining two are then saved by a severely wounded Ole who dies of his wounds distracting the mountain man allowing the survivors to escape. Enraged, Jannicke travels to the hotel where the first movie occurred and falls asleep waiting for the mountain man. 
The mountain man eventually appears and seems to have the upper hand over Jannicke but is defeated when Camilla arrives. Not satisfied with the mountain man being stabbed through the chest by his own pickaxe, Jannicke ensures the mountain man's death with a shotgun blast to the head.
Production.
The first of the two "Cold Prey"-movies was extremely well received, and seen by 260,000 – a high number for Norway. One reviewer even described it as "the best slasher flick" of 2006. For this reason the expectations on the sequel were high, and Ingrid Bolsø Berdal (whose character was the only surviving member of the original cast) emphasised the determination of everyone involved to make good film, not simply cash in on a mediocre sequel. Though she enjoyed the role, Berdal insisted that this would be the last instalment.
Norsk Filmfond gave financial support to the project 4 February 2008, and the new cast was announced 20 February. Mats Stenberg took over as director after Roar Uthaug, who had directed the first movie. Filming started in late February.
The shooting was eventful, with Berdal at one point suffering from food poisoning; having to perform scenes in between throwing up. There were also lighter moment, with team members hiding in various rooms of the hotel where they were staying, doing their best to scare the others by jumping out wearing masks. While the outdoor scenes were filmed in the wild scenery of Jotunheimen and the village Otta, the scenes in the hospital were shot in Åslund hospital in Ås.
Reception.
Norwegian reviewers were remarkably unanimous in their assessment of the film. All of the three major national newspapers gave it four out of six points. The consensus was that, even though the sequel did not quite live up to the original, it was still enjoyable and not disappointing. Morten Ståle Nilsen, writing for "Verdens Gang", commented on the beautiful natural setting, and commended Berdal for managing to look both battered and sexy at the same time. "Dagbladet"'s Vegard Larsen declared himself surprised that the sequel turned out as well as it did. Like Nilsen, he compared Berdal to Ellen Ripley, Sigourney Weaver's character in the "Alien"-films. Per Haddal in "Aftenposten" concluded that the film failed to scare its audience as much as it intended, but he nevertheless complimented the solid handiwork.
The movie was seen by 101,564 people on its opening weekend, which was a new Norwegian record for a domestic movie. The previous record – of 70,952 – was set by "Mors Elling" in 2003. The box-office success was largely the result of a massive marketing campaign in the weeks leading up to the movie's release.
Home media.
Shout! Factory announced that "Cold Prey 2" will be released on DVD on 23 April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19919926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919926" title="Hutt River (Western Australia)">
Hutt River (Western Australia)

Hutt River is a river in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
The river rises 20 km east of the North West Coastal Highway, between the towns of Northampton and Binnu. It flows in a westerly direction until reaching Broken Anchor Bay on the Indian Ocean south-east of Port Gregory. The main tributary for the Hutt River is Kennedy Creek. Others are Yarder Gully and Swamp Gully, which are important contributors of fresh water to the river.
Under normal flow, the Hutt River runs to the north for a short distance (<500 metres) before breaking through the final dune and flowing to the sea. Under heavy flow it breaks straight through.
Hutt Lagoon, north of the river mouth, is a marginal marine salina. Similar to Lake MacLeod, north of Carnarvon, Hutt Lagoon is fed by marine waters through a barrier ridge and by meteoric waters through springs. Due to the salina’s below sea-level position seepage of seawater into the salina is continuous year round.
History.
The first European to discover the river was probably Francisco Pelsaert, who hove to in Broken Anchor Bay at the mouth of the Hutt River on 9 June 1629, following the sinking of the "Batavia" on the Houtman Abrolhos. He probably returned to the mouth of the Hutt River in the "Sardam" on 16 November 1629. His crew explored the area and two mutineers, Wouter Loos and Jan Pelgrom de Bye, appear to have been abandoned here, becoming Australia's first European residents.
The first British explorer to encounter Hutt River was Lieutenant (later Sir) George Grey on 5 April 1839, naming the river after his friend Sir William Hutt. Hutt was a British Liberal politician who was heavily involved in the colonization of Western Australia, New Zealand and South Australia, and the brother of John Hutt, the second Governor of Western Australia. Hutt was for a time chairman of the Western Australian Land Company. Sir William Hutt was a member with Grey of the 1836 Select Committee on Disposal of Lands in the British Colonies. The next day, Grey named the nearby Bowes River after Hutt's wife, Mary Bowes.
The Principality of Hutt River is a micronation located midway along the river. The Principality covers an area of and claims to be an independent sovereign state that seceded from Australia in 1970 as a result of a dispute over wheat production quotas. It is not recognised by Australian state or federal governments, or any other country.

</doc>
<doc id="19919932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919932" title="Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You">
Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You

Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You is a 1970 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau, intended as a sequel to the 1965 film "What's New, Pussycat?". It starred Ian McShane, Anna Calder-Marshall, John Gavin and Severn Darden.
A neurotic American living in Rome consults with an equally neurotic psychiatrist about his various fears, and the disintegrating relationship with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19919941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919941" title="Valdez High School">
Valdez High School

Valdez High School is a High School located in Valdez, Alaska. It is part of the Valdez City Schools District. It has 228 students and a staff of 23. The school serves students in grades 9 to 12.
Athletics offered include basketball, football, volleyball, wrestling, baseball, softball, swimming, diving, track and field, cheerleading, and cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="19919949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919949" title="Spodchmurykapelusza">
Spodchmurykapelusza

spodchmurykapelusza (""From Under the Cloud of a Hat"") - Last studio album by Czesław Niemen released in 2001.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Czesław Niemen.

</doc>
<doc id="19919969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919969" title="United Ploiești">
United Ploiești

United Ploiești was a football club based in Ploiești, Prahova County, Romania. It was founded in 1909 and it soon became one of the best teams in the country, winning one Romanian Championships in 1912. The club was dissolved in 1914.
History.
The club was founded by the American and Dutch functionaries from the Petroleum Refineries, under the presidency of engineer Jacob Koppes. The first players of the club were: Braizer, the Mayor brothers, Bider, Kolman, van Beck, Meyer, Bolton. In 1911 the first Romanian player appears in the squad, Vintilescu. At the end of the 1911-12 season the club were crowned champions, winning at Ploiești against Olympia București with 6-2. The team from Bucharest played with only 9 players because, the two other players were schoolboys, and their parents didn't allow them to go to the away game. Starting with 1914, the foreign players left the country and United sees itself dissolved just before World War I started. The remaining players and staff were divided between two clubs, Româno-Americană București and Prahova Ploiești.
Honours.
Liga I:

</doc>
<doc id="19919975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919975" title="Principality of Kastrioti">
Principality of Kastrioti

Principality of Kastrioti (1389–1444) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania. It was created by Gjon Kastrioti and then ruled by the national hero of Albania, George Kastrioti Skanderbeg.
Formation.
Gjon Kastrioti had originally only two small villages, which probably emblem of the eagle family with a black two-headed, even if it can provide different interpretations. In short time John Kastrioti managed to expand its lands so as to become the undisputed lord of Central Albania.
He married Voisava Tripalda who bore five daughters - Mara, later wife of Stefan Crnojević of Montenegro; Jela, then wife of Gjin (Gino) Musacchio; Angjelina (Angelina), later wife of Vladan Arianit Comnenus Thopia; Vlajka, later wife of Stefan Maramonte Balšić; Mamica, later wife of Karol Musacchio Thopia - and four sons: Repoš, Staniša (Stanislaus), Kostandin (Constantine) and George Kastrioti. Gjon Kastrioti was among those who opposed the early incursion of Ottoman Bayezid I, however his resistance was ineffectual. The Sultan, having accepted his submissions, obliged him to pay tribute and to ensure the fidelity of local rulers, George Kastrioti and his three brothers were taken by the Sultan to his court as hostages. After his conversion to Islam, he attended military school in Edirne and led many battles for the Ottoman Empire to victory. For his military victories, he received the title "Arnavutlu İskender Bey", (Albanian: "Skënderbe shqiptari", English: "Lord Alexander, the Albanian") comparing Kastrioti's military brilliance to that of Alexander the Great.
Restoration of Gjergj Kastrioti.
He was distinguished as one of the best officers in several Ottoman campaigns both in Asia Minor and in Europe, and the Sultan appointed him General. He even fought against Greeks, Serbs and Hungarians, and some sources say that he used to maintain secret links with Ragusa, Venice, Ladislaus V of Hungary, and Alfonso I of Naples. Sultan Murat II gave him the title Vali which made him General Governor.
On November 28, 1443, Skanderbeg saw his opportunity to rebel after a battle against the Hungarians led by John Hunyadi in Niš as part of the Crusade of Varna. He switched sides along with 300 other Albanians serving in the Ottoman army. After a long trek to Albania he eventually captured Krujë by forging a letter from the Sultan to the Governor of Krujë, which granted him control of the territory. After capturing the castle, Skanderbeg abjured Islam and proclaimed himself the avenger of his family and country. He raised a flag showing a double-headed eagle, an ancient symbol used by various cultures of Balkans (especially the Byzantine Empire), which later became the Albanian flag. The Governor was killed as he was returning to Edirne, unaware of Skanderbeg's intentions...
Skanderbeg allied with George Arianite (born Gjergj Arianit Komneni) and married his daughter Donika (born Marina Donika Arianiti).
League of Lezha.
Following the capture of Krujë, Skanderbeg managed to bring together all the Albanian princes in the town of Lezhë (see League of Lezhë, 1444). Gibbon reports that the ""Albanians, a martial race, were unanimous to live and die with their hereditary prince"" and that ""in the assembly of the states of Epirus, Skanderbeg was elected general of the Turkish war and each of the allies engaged to furnish his respective proportion of men and money"". With this support, Skanderbeg built fortresses and organized a mobile defense force that forced the Ottomans to disperse their troops, leaving them vulnerable to the hit-and-run tactics of the Albanians. He managed to create the League of Lezha, a federation of all Albanian Principalities.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19919977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919977" title="Charon's obol">
Charon's obol

Charon's obol is an allusive term for the coin placed in or on the mouth of a dead person before burial. Greek and Latin literary sources specify the coin as an obol, and explain it as a payment or bribe for Charon, the ferryman who conveyed souls across the river that divided the world of the living from the world of the dead. Archaeological examples of these coins, of various denominations in practice, have been called "the most famous grave goods from antiquity."
The custom is primarily associated with the ancient Greeks and Romans, though it is found also in the ancient Near East. In Western Europe, a similar usage of coins in burials occurs in regions inhabited by Celts of the Gallo-Roman, Hispano-Roman and Romano-British cultures, and among the Germanic peoples of late antiquity and the early Christian era, with sporadic examples into the early 20th century.
Although archaeology shows that the myth reflects an actual custom, the placement of coins with the dead was neither pervasive nor confined to a single coin in the deceased's mouth. In many burials, inscribed metal-leaf tablets or exonumia take the place of the coin, or gold-foil crosses in the early Christian era. The presence of coins or a coin-hoard in Germanic ship-burials suggests an analogous concept.
The phrase "Charon’s obol" as used by archaeologists sometimes can be understood as referring to a particular religious rite, but often serves as a kind of shorthand for coinage as grave goods presumed to further the deceased's passage into the afterlife. In Latin, Charon's obol sometimes is called a "viaticum", or "sustenance for the journey"; the placement of the coin on the mouth has been explained also as a seal to protect the deceased's soul or to prevent it from returning.
Terminology.
The coin for Charon is conventionally referred to in Greek literature as an "obolos" (Greek ὀβολός), one of the basic denominations of ancient Greek coinage, worth one-sixth of a drachma. Among the Greeks, coins in actual burials are sometimes also a danakē (δανάκη) or other relatively small-denomination gold, silver, bronze or copper coin in local use. In Roman literary sources the coin is usually bronze or copper. From the 6th to the 4th centuries BC in the Black Sea region, low-value coins depicting arrowheads or dolphins were in use mainly for the purpose of "local exchange and to serve as ‘Charon’s obol.‘” The payment is sometimes specified with a term for “boat fare” (in Greek "naulon", ναῦλον, Latin "naulum"); “fee for ferrying” ("porthmeion", πορθμήϊον or πορθμεῖον); or “waterway toll” (Latin "portorium").
The word "naulon" (ναῦλον) is defined by the Christian-era lexicographer Hesychius of Alexandria as the coin put into the mouth of the dead; one of the meanings of "danakē" (δανάκη) is given as “the obol for the dead”. The Suda defines "danakē" as a coin traditionally buried with the dead for paying the ferryman to cross the river Acheron, and explicates the definition of "porthmēïon" (πορθμήϊον) as a ferryman’s fee with a quotation from the poet Callimachus, who notes the custom of carrying the "porthmēïon" in the “parched mouths of the dead.”
Charon's obol as viaticum.
In Latin, Charon’s obol is sometimes called a "viaticum," which in everyday usage means “provision for a journey” (from "via", “way, road, journey”), encompassing food, money and other supplies. The same word can refer to the living allowance granted to those stripped of their property and condemned to exile, and by metaphorical extension to preparing for death at the end of life’s journey. Cicero, in his philosophical dialogue "On Old Age" (44 BC), has the interlocutor Cato the Elder combine two metaphors — nearing the end of a journey, and ripening fruit — in speaking of the approach to death:
Drawing on this metaphorical sense of “provision for the journey into death,” ecclesiastical Latin borrowed the term "viaticum" for the form of Eucharist that is placed in the mouth of a person who is dying as provision for the soul’s passage to eternal life. The earliest literary evidence of this Christian usage for "viaticum" appears in Paulinus’s account of the death of Saint Ambrose in 397 AD. The 7th-century "Synodus Hibernensis" offers an etymological explanation: “This word ‘viaticum’ is the name of communion, that is to say, ‘the guardianship of the way,’ for it guards the soul until it shall stand before the judgment-seat of Christ.” Thomas Aquinas explained the term as “a prefiguration of the fruit of God, which will be in the promised land. And because of this it is called the "viaticum", since it provides us with the way of getting there”; the idea of Christians as “travelers in search of salvation” finds early expression in the "Confessions" of St. Augustine.
An equivalent word in Greek is "ephodion" (ἐφόδιον); like "viaticum", the word is used in antiquity to mean “provision for a journey” (literally, “something for the road,” from the prefix ἐπ-, “on” + ὁδός, “road, way”) and later in Greek patristic literature for the Eucharist administered on the point of death.
In literature.
Greek and Roman literary sources from the 5th century BC through the 2nd century AD are consistent in attributing four characteristics to Charon’s obol:
Greek epigrams that were literary versions of epitaphs refer to “the obol that pays the passage of the departed,” with some epigrams referring to the belief by mocking or debunking it. The satirist Lucian has Charon himself, in a dialogue of the same name, declare that he collects “an obol from everyone who makes the downward journey.” In an elegy of consolation spoken in the person of the dead woman, the Augustan poet Propertius expresses the finality of death by her payment of the bronze coin to the infernal toll collector ("portitor"). Several other authors mention the fee. Often, an author uses the low value of the coin to emphasize that death makes no distinction between rich and poor; all must pay the same because all must die, and a rich person can take no greater amount into death:
The incongruity of paying what is, in effect, admission to Hell encouraged a comic or satiric treatment, and Charon as a ferryman who must be persuaded, threatened, or bribed to do his job appears to be a literary construct that is not reflected in early classical art. Christiane Sourvinou-Inwood has shown that in 5th-century BC depictions of Charon, as on the funerary vases called lekythoi, he is a non-threatening, even reassuring presence who guides women, adolescents, and children to the afterlife. Humor, as in Aristophanes’s comic catabasis "The Frogs", “makes the journey to Hades less frightening by articulating it explicitly and trivializing it.” Aristophanes makes jokes about the fee, and a character complains that Theseus must have introduced it, characterizing the Athenian hero in his role of city organizer as a bureaucrat.
Lucian satirizes the obol in his essay “On Funerals”:
Archaeological evidence.
The use of coins as grave goods shows a variety of practice that casts doubt on the accuracy of the term “Charon’s obol” as an interpretational category. The phrase continues to be used, however, to suggest the ritual or religious significance of coinage in a funerary context.
Coins are found in Greek burials by the 5th century BC, as soon as Greece was monetized, and appear throughout the Roman Empire into the 5th century AD, with examples conforming to the Charon’s obol type as far west as the Iberian Peninsula, north into Britain, and east to the Vistula river in Poland. The jawbones of skulls found in certain burials in Roman Britain are stained greenish from contact with a copper coin; Roman coins are found later in Anglo-Saxon graves, but often pierced for wearing as a necklace or amulet. Among the ancient Greeks, only about 5 to 10 percent of known burials contain any coins at all; in some Roman cremation cemeteries, however, as many as half the graves yield coins. Many if not most of these occurrences conform to the myth of Charon’s obol in neither the number of coins nor their positioning. Variety of placement and number, including but not limited to a single coin in the mouth, is characteristic of all periods and places.
Hellenized world.
Some of the oldest coins from Mediterranean tombs have been found on Cyprus. In 2001 Destrooper-Georgiades, a specialist in Achaemenid numismatics, said that investigations of 33 tombs had yielded 77 coins. Although denomination varies, as does the number in any given burial, small coins predominate. Coins started to be placed in tombs almost as soon as they came into circulation on the island in the 6th century, and some predate both the first issue of the obol and any literary reference to Charon’s fee.
Although only a small percentage of Greek burials contain coins, among these there are widespread examples of a single coin positioned in the mouth of a skull or with cremation remains. In cremation urns, the coin sometimes adheres to the jawbone of the skull. At Olynthus, 136 coins (mostly bronze, but some silver), were found with burials; in 1932, archaeologists reported that 20 graves had each contained four bronze coins, which they believed were intended for placement in the mouth. A few tombs at Olynthus have contained two coins, but more often a single bronze coin was positioned in the mouth or within the head of the skeleton. In Hellenistic-era tombs at one cemetery in Athens, coins, usually bronze, were found most often in the dead person’s mouth, though sometimes in the hand, loose in the grave, or in a vessel. At Chania, an originally Minoan settlement on Crete, a tomb dating from the second half of the 3rd century BC held a rich variety of grave goods, including fine gold jewelry, a gold tray with the image of a bird, a clay vessel, a bronze mirror, a bronze strigil, and a bronze “Charon coin” depicting Zeus. In excavations of 91 tombs at a cemetery in Amphipolis during the mid- to late 1990s, a majority of the dead were found to have a coin in the mouth. The burials dated from the 4th to the late 2nd century BC.
A notable use of a danake occurred in the burial of a woman in 4th-century BC Thessaly, a likely initiate into the Orphic or Dionysiac mysteries. Her religious paraphernalia included gold tablets inscribed with instructions for the afterlife and a terracotta figure of a Bacchic worshipper. Upon her lips was placed a gold danake stamped with the Gorgon’s head. Coins begin to appear with greater frequency in graves during the 3rd century BC, along with gold wreaths and plain unguentaria (small bottles for oil) in place of the earlier lekythoi. Black-figure lekythoi had often depicted Dionysiac scenes; the later white-ground vessels often show Charon, usually with his pole, but rarely (or dubiously) accepting the coin.
The Black Sea region has also produced examples of Charon’s obol. At Apollonia Pontica, the custom had been practiced from the mid-4th century BC; in one cemetery, for instance, 17 percent of graves contained small bronze local coins in the mouth or hand of the deceased. During 1998 excavations of Pichvnari, on the coast of present-day Georgia, a single coin was found in seven burials, and a pair of coins in two. The coins, silver triobols of the local Colchian currency, were located near the mouth, with the exception of one that was near the hand. It is unclear whether the dead were Colchians or Greeks. The investigating archaeologists did not regard the practice as typical of the region, but speculate that the local geography lent itself to adapting the Greek myth, as bodies of the dead in actuality had to be ferried across a river from the town to the cemetery.
Near East.
Charon’s obol is usually regarded as Hellenic, and a single coin in burials is often taken as a mark of Hellenization, but the practice may be independent of Greek influence in some regions. The placing of a coin in the mouth of the deceased is found also during Parthian and Sasanian times in what is now Iran. Curiously, the coin was not the danake of Persian origin, as it was sometimes among the Greeks, but usually a Greek drachma. In the Yazdi region, objects consecrated in graves may include a coin or piece of silver; the custom is thought to be perhaps as old as the Seleucid era and may be a form of Charon’s obol.
Discoveries of a single coin near the skull in tombs of the Levant suggest a similar practice among Phoenicians in the Persian period. Jewish ossuaries sometimes contain a single coin; for example, in an ossuary bearing the inscriptional name “Miriam, daughter of Simeon,” a coin minted during the reign of Herod Agrippa I, dated 42/43 AD, was found in the skull’s mouth. Although the placement of a coin within the skull is uncommon in Jewish antiquity and was potentially an act of idolatry, rabbinic literature preserves an allusion to Charon in a lament for the dead “tumbling aboard the ferry and having to borrow his fare.” Boats are sometimes depicted on ossuaries or the walls of Jewish crypts, and one of the coins found within a skull may have been chosen because it depicted a ship.
Western Europe.
Cemeteries in the Western Roman Empire vary widely: in a 1st-century BC community in Cisalpine Gaul, coins were included in more than 40 percent of graves, but none was placed in the mouth of the deceased; the figure is only 10 percent for cremations at Empúries in Spain and York in Britain. On the Iberian Peninsula, evidence interpreted as Charon's obol has been found at Tarragona. In Belgic Gaul, varying deposits of coins are found with the dead for the 1st through 3rd centuries, but are most frequent in the late 4th and early 5th centuries. Thirty Gallo-Roman burials near the Pont de Pasly, Soissons, each contained a coin for Charon. Germanic burials show a preference for gold coins, but even within a single cemetery and a narrow time period, their disposition varies.
In one Merovingian cemetery of Frénouville, Normandy, which was in use for four centuries in the early Common Era, coins are found in a minority of the graves. At one time, the cemetery was regarded as exhibiting two distinct phases: an earlier Gallo-Roman period when the dead were buried with vessels, notably of glass, and Charon’s obol; and later, when they were given funerary dress and goods according to Frankish custom. This neat division, however, has been shown to be misleading. In the 3rd- to 4th-century area of the cemetery, coins were placed near the skulls or hands, sometimes protected by a pouch or vessel, or were found in the grave-fill as if tossed in. Bronze coins usually numbered one or two per grave, as would be expected from the custom of Charon’s obol, but one burial contained 23 bronze coins, and another held a gold solidus and a "semissis". The latter examples indicate that coins might have represented relative social status. In the newer part of the cemetery, which remained in use through the 6th century, the deposition patterns for coinage were similar, but the coins themselves were not contemporaneous with the burials, and some were pierced for wearing. The use of older coins may reflect a shortage of new currency, or may indicate that the old coins held a traditional symbolic meaning apart from their denominational value. “The varied placement of coins of different values … demonstrates at least partial if not complete loss of understanding of the original religious function of Charon’s obol,” remarks Bonnie Effros, a specialist in Merovingian burial customs. “These factors make it difficult to determine the rite’s significance.”
Although the rite of Charon’s obol was practiced no more uniformly in Northern Europe than in Greece, there are examples of individual burials or small groups conforming to the pattern. At Broadstairs in Kent, a young man had been buried with a Merovingian gold tremissis ("ca." 575) in his mouth. A gold-plated coin was found in the mouth of a young man buried on the Isle of Wight in the mid-6th century; his other grave goods included vessels, a drinking horn, a knife, and gaming-counters of ivory with one cobalt-blue glass piece.
Scandinavian and Germanic gold bracteates found in burials of the 5th and 6th centuries, particularly those in Britain, have also been interpreted in light of Charon’s obol. These gold disks, similar to coins though generally single-sided, were influenced by late Roman imperial coins and medallions but feature iconography from Norse myth and runic inscriptions. The stamping process created an extended rim that forms a frame with a loop for threading; the bracteates often appear in burials as a woman’s necklace. A function comparable to that of Charon’s obol is suggested by examples such as a man’s burial at Monkton in Kent and a group of several male graves on Gotland, Sweden, for which the bracteate was deposited in a pouch beside the body. In the Gotland burials, the bracteates lack rim and loop, and show no traces of wear, suggesting that they had not been intended for everyday use.
According to one interpretation, the purse-hoard in the Sutton Hoo ship burial (Suffolk, East Anglia), which contained a variety of Merovingian gold coins, unites the traditional Germanic voyage to the afterlife with “an unusually splendid form of Charon’s obol.” The burial yielded 37 gold tremisses dating from the late 6th and early 7th century, three unstruck coin blanks, and two small gold ingots. It has been conjectured that the coins were to pay the oarsmen who would row the ship into the next world, while the ingots were meant for the steersmen. Although Charon is usually a lone figure in depictions from both antiquity and the modern era, there is some slight evidence that his ship might be furnished with oarsmen. A fragment of 6th century BC pottery has been interpreted as Charon sitting in the stern as steersman of a boat fitted with ten pairs of oars and rowed by "eidola" (εἴδωλα), shades of the dead. A reference in Lucian seems also to imply that the shades might row the boat.
In Scandinavia, scattered examples of Charon’s obol have been documented from the Roman Iron Age and the Migration Period; in the Viking period, eastern Sweden produces the best evidence, Denmark rarely, and Norway and Finland inconclusively. In the 13th and 14th centuries, Charon’s obol appears in graves in Sweden, Scania, and Norway. Swedish folklore documents the custom from the 18th into the 20th century.
Among Christians.
The custom of Charon’s obol not only continued into the Christian era, but was adopted by Christians, as a single coin was sometimes placed in the mouth for Christian burials. At Arcy-Sainte-Restitue in Picardy, a Merovingian grave yielded a coin of Constantine I, the first Christian emperor, used as Charon’s obol. In Britain, the practice was just as frequent, if not more so, among Christians and persisted even to the end of the 19th century. A folklorist writing in 1914 was able to document a witness in Britain who had seen a penny placed in the mouth of an old man as he lay in his coffin. In 1878, Pope Pius IX was entombed with a coin. The practice was widely documented around the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries in Greece, where the coin was sometimes accompanied by a key.
'Ghost' coins and crosses.
So-called “ghost coins” also appear with the dead. These are impressions of an actual coin or numismatic icon struck into a small piece of gold foil. In a 5th- or 4th-century BC grave at Syracuse, Sicily, a small rectangular gold leaf stamped with a dual-faced figure, possibly Demeter/Kore, was found in the skeleton’s mouth. In a marble cremation box from the mid-2nd century BC, the "Charon's piece" took the form of a bit of gold foil stamped with an owl; in addition to the charred bone fragments, the box also contained gold leaves from a wreath of the type sometimes associated with the mystery religions. Within an Athenian family burial plot of the 2nd century BC, a thin gold disk similarly stamped with the owl of Athens had been placed in the mouth of each male.
These examples of the "Charon's piece" resemble in material and size the tiny inscribed tablet or funerary amulet called a "lamella" (Latin for a metal-foil sheet) or a "Totenpass", a “passport for the dead” with instructions on navigating the afterlife, conventionally regarded as a form of Orphic or Dionysiac devotional. Several of these prayer sheets have been found in positions that indicate placement in or on the deceased's mouth. A functional equivalence with the Charon's piece is further suggested by the evidence of flattened coins used as mouth coverings ("epistomia") from graves in Crete. A gold phylactery with a damaged inscription invoking the syncretic god Sarapis was found within the skull in a burial from the late 1st century AD in southern Rome. The gold tablet may have served both as a protective amulet during the deceased’s lifetime and then, with its insertion into the mouth, possibly on the model of Charon’s obol, as a "Totenpass".
In a late Roman-era burial in Douris, near Baalbek, Lebanon, the forehead, nose, and mouth of the deceased — a woman, in so far as skeletal remains can indicate — were covered with sheets of gold-leaf. She wore a wreath made from gold oak leaves, and her clothing had been sewn with gold-leaf ovals decorated with female faces. Several glass vessels were arranged at her feet, and her discoverers interpreted the bronze coin close to her head as an example of Charon’s obol.
Textual evidence also exists for covering portions of the deceased’s body with gold foil. One of the accusations of heresy against the Phrygian Christian movement known as the Montanists was that they sealed the mouths of their dead with plates of gold like initiates into the mysteries; factual or not, the charge indicates an anxiety that Christian practice be distinguished from that of other religions, and again suggests that Charon’s obol and the “Orphic” gold tablets could fulfill a similar purpose. The early Christian poet Prudentius seems to be referring either to these inscribed gold-leaf tablets or to the larger gold-foil coverings in one of his condemnations of the mystery religions. Prudentius says that "auri lammina" (“sheets of gold”) were placed on the bodies of initiates as part of funeral rites. This practice may or may not be distinct from the funerary use of gold leaf inscribed with figures and placed on the eyes, mouths, and chests of warriors in Macedonian burials during the late Archaic period (580–460 BC); in September 2008, archaeologists working near Pella in northern Greece publicized the discovery of twenty warrior graves in which the deceased wore bronze helmets and were supplied with iron swords and knives along with these gold-leaf coverings.
"Goldblattkreuze".
In Gaul and in Alemannic territory, Christian graves of the Merovingian period reveal an analogous Christianized practice in the form of gold or gold-alloy leaf shaped like a cross, imprinted with designs, and deposited possibly as votives or amulets for the deceased. These paper-thin, fragile gold crosses are sometimes referred to by scholars with the German term "Goldblattkreuze". They appear to have been sown onto the deceased’s garment just before burial, not worn during life, and in this practice are comparable to the pierced Roman coins found in Anglo-Saxon graves that were attached to clothing instead of or in addition to being threaded onto a necklace.
The crosses are characteristic of Lombardic Italy (Cisalpine Gaul of the Roman imperial era), where they were fastened to veils and placed over the deceased's mouth in a continuation of Byzantine practice. Throughout the Lombardic realm and north into Germanic territory, the crosses gradually replaced bracteates during the 7th century. The transition is signalled by Scandinavian bracteates found in Kent that are stamped with cross motifs resembling the Lombardic crosses. Two plain gold-foil crosses of Latin form, found in the burial of a 7th-century East Saxon king, are the first known examples from England, announced in 2004. The king’s other grave goods included glass vessels made in England and two different Merovingian gold coins, each of which had a cross on the reverse. Coins of the period were adapted with Christian iconography in part to facilitate their use as an alternative to amulets of traditional religions.
Scandinavian "gullgubber".
Scandinavia also produced small and fragile gold-foil pieces, called "gullgubber", that were worked in repoussé with human figures. These begin to appear in the late Iron Age and continue into the Viking Age. In form they resemble the gold-foil pieces such as those found at Douris, but the "gullgubber" were not fashioned with a fastening element and are not associated with burials. They occur in the archaeological record sometimes singly, but most often in large numbers. Some scholars have speculated that they are a form of “temple money” or votive offering, but Sharon Ratke has suggested that they might represent good wishes for travelers, perhaps as a metaphor for the dead on their journey to the otherworld, especially those depicting "wraiths."
Religious significance.
Ships often appear in Greek and Roman funerary art representing a voyage to the Isles of the Blessed, and a 2nd-century sarcophagus found in Velletri, near Rome, included Charon’s boat among its subject matter. In modern-era Greek folkloric survivals of Charon (as Charos the death demon), sea voyage and river crossing are conflated, and in one later tale, the soul is held hostage by pirates, perhaps representing the oarsmen, who require a ransom for release. The mytheme of the passage to the afterlife as a voyage or crossing is not unique to Greco-Roman belief nor to Indo-European culture as a whole, as it occurs also in ancient Egyptian religion and other belief systems that are culturally unrelated. The boatman of the dead himself appears in diverse cultures with no special relation to Greece or to each other. A Sumerian model for Charon has been proposed, and the figure has possible antecedents among the Egyptians; scholars are divided as to whether these influenced the tradition of Charon, but the 1st-century BC historian Diodorus Siculus thought so and mentions the fee. It might go without saying that only when coinage comes into common use is the idea of payment introduced, but coins were placed in graves before the appearance of the Charon myth in literature.
Because of the diversity of religious beliefs in the Greco-Roman world, and because the mystery religions that were most concerned with the afterlife and soteriology placed a high value on secrecy and arcane knowledge, no single theology has been reconstructed that would account for Charon’s obol. Franz Cumont regarded the numerous examples found in Roman tombs as “evidence of no more than a traditional rite which men performed without attaching a definite meaning to it.” The use of a coin for the rite seems to depend not just on the myth of Charon, but also on other religious and mythic traditions associating wealth and the underworld.
Death and Wealth.
In cultures that practiced the rite of Charon’s obol, the infernal ferryman who requires payment is one of a number of underworld deities associated with wealth. For the Greeks, Pluto ("Ploutōn", Πλούτων), the ruler of the dead and the consort of Persephone, became conflated with Plutus ("Ploutos", Πλοῦτος), wealth personified; Plato points out the meaningful ambiguity of this etymological play in his dialogue "Cratylus". Hermes is a god of boundaries, travel, and liminality, and thus conveys souls across the border that separates the living from the dead, acting as a psychopomp, but he was also a god of exchange, commerce, and profit. The name of his Roman counterpart Mercury was thought in antiquity to share its derivation with the Latin word "merces", “goods, merchandise.”
The numerous chthonic deities among the Romans were also frequently associated with wealth. In his treatise "On the Nature of the Gods", Cicero identifies the Roman god Dis Pater with the Greek Pluton, explaining that riches are hidden in and arise from the earth. Dis Pater is sometimes regarded as a chthonic Saturn, ruler of the Golden Age, whose consort Ops was a goddess of abundance. The obscure goddess Angerona, whose iconography depicted silence and secrecy, and whose festival followed that of Ops, seems to have regulated communications between the realm of the living and the underworld; she may have been a guardian of both arcane knowledge and stored, secret wealth. When a Roman died, the treasury at the Temple of Venus in the sacred grove of the funeral goddess Libitina collected a coin as a "death tax".
The Republican poet Ennius locates the “treasuries of Death” across the Acheron. Romans threw an annual offering of coins into the Lacus Curtius, a pit or chasm in the middle of the Roman forum that was regarded as a "mundus" or “port of communication” with the underworld.
Chthonic wealth is sometimes attributed to the Celtic horned god of the Cernunnos type, one of the deities proposed as the divine progenitor of the Gauls that Julius Caesar identified with Dis Pater. On a relief from the Gallic "civitas" of the Remi, the god holds in his lap a sack or purse, the contents of which — identified by scholars variably as coins or food (grain, small fruits, or nuts) — may be intentionally ambiguous in expressing desired abundance. The antler-horned god appears on coins from Gaul and Britain, in explicit association with wealth. In his best-known representation, on the problematic Gundestrup Cauldron, he is surrounded by animals with mythico-religious significance; taken in the context of an accompanying scene of initiation, the horned god can be interpreted as presiding over the process of metempsychosis, the cycle of death and rebirth, regarded by ancient literary sources as one of the most important tenets of Celtic religion and characteristic also of Pythagoreanism and the Orphic or Dionysiac mysteries.
From its 7th-century BC beginnings in western Anatolia, ancient coinage was viewed not as distinctly secular, but as a form of communal trust bound up in the ties expressed by religion. The earliest known coin-hoard from antiquity was found buried in a pot within the foundations of the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, dating to the mid-6th century BC. The iconography of gods and various divine beings appeared regularly on coins issued by Greek cities and later by Rome. The effect of monetization on religious practice is indicated by notations in Greek calendars of sacrifices pertaining to fees for priests and prices for offerings and victims. One fragmentary text seems to refer to a single obol to be paid by each initiate of the Eleusinian Mysteries to the priestess of Demeter, the symbolic value of which is perhaps to be interpreted in light of Charon’s obol as the initiate’s gaining access to knowledge required for successful passage to the afterlife.
Erwin Rohde argued, on the basis of later folk customs, that the obol was originally a payment to the dead person himself, as a way of compensating him for the loss of property that passed to the living, or as a token substitute for the more ancient practice of consigning his property to the grave with him. In Rohde's view, the obol was later attached to the myth of the ferryman as an "ex post facto" explanation.
In the view of Richard Seaford, the introduction of coinage to Greece and the theorizing about value it provoked was concomitant with and even contributed to the creation of Greek metaphysics. Plato criticizes common currency as “polluting”, but also says that the guardians of his ideal republic should have divine gold and silver money from the gods always present in their souls. This Platonic “money in the soul” holds the promise of “divinity, homogeneity, unchanging permanence, self-sufficiency, invisibility.”
The coin as food or seal.
Attempts to explain the symbolism of the rite also must negotiate the illogical placement of the coin in the mouth. The Latin term "viaticum" makes sense of Charon’s obol as “sustenance for the journey,” and it has been suggested that coins replaced offerings of food for the dead in Roman tradition.
This dichotomy of food for the living and gold for the dead is a theme in the myth of King Midas, versions of which draw on elements of the Dionysian mysteries. The Phrygian king's famous "golden touch" was a divine gift from Dionysus, but its acceptance separated him from the human world of nourishment and reproduction: both his food and his daughter were transformed by contact with him into immutable, unreciprocal gold. In some versions of the myth, Midas's hard-won insight into the meaning of life and the limitations of earthly wealth is accompanied by conversion to the cult of Dionysus. Having learned his lessons as an initiate into the mysteries, and after ritual immersion in the river Pactolus, Midas forsakes the “bogus eternity” of gold for spiritual rebirth.
John Cuthbert Lawson, an early 20th-century folklorist whose approach was influenced by the Cambridge Ritualists, argued that both the food metaphor and the coin as payment for the ferryman were later rationalizations of the original ritual. Although single coins from inhumations appear most often inside or in the vicinity of the skull, they are also found in the hand or a pouch, a more logical place to carry a payment. Lawson viewed the coin as originally a seal, used as potsherds sometimes were on the lips of the dead to block the return of the soul, believed to pass from the body with the last breath. One of the first steps in preparing a corpse was to seal the lips, sometimes with linen or gold bands, to prevent the soul’s return. The stopping of the mouth by Charon's obol has been used to illuminate burial practices intended, for instance, to prevent vampires or other revenants from returning.
The placement of the coin on the mouth can be compared to practices pertaining to the disposition of the dead in the Near East. An Egyptian custom is indicated by a burial at Abydos, dating from the 22nd Dynasty (945–720 BC) or later, for which the deceased woman's mouth was covered with a faience "uadjet", or protective eye amulet. Oval mouth coverings, perforated for fastening, are found in burials throughout the Near East from the 1st century BC through the 1st century AD, providing evidence of an analogous practice for sealing the mouths of the dead in regions not under Roman Imperial control. Bahraini excavations at the necropolis of Al-Hajjar produced examples of these coverings in gold leaf, one of which retained labial imprints.
A coin may make a superior seal because of its iconography; in the Thessalian burial of an initiate described above, for instance, the coin on the lips depicted the apotropaic device of the Gorgon’s head. The seal may also serve to regulate the speech of the dead, which was sometimes sought through rituals for its prophetic powers, but also highly regulated as dangerous; mystery religions that offered arcane knowledge of the afterlife prescribed ritual silence. A golden key "(chrusea klês)" was laid on the tongue of initiates as a symbol of the revelation they were obligated to keep secret. "Charon's obol" is often found in burials with objects or inscriptions indicative of mystery cult, and the coin figures in a Latin prose narrative that alludes to initiation ritual, the “Cupid and Psyche” story from the "Metamorphoses" of Apuleius.
The catabasis of Psyche.
In the 2nd-century “Cupid and Psyche” narrative by Apuleius, Psyche, whose name is a Greek word for “soul,” is sent on an underworld quest to retrieve the box containing Proserpina’s secret beauty, in order to restore the love of Cupid. The tale lends itself to multiple interpretational approaches, and it has frequently been analyzed as an allegory of Platonism as well as of religious initiation, iterating on a smaller scale the plot of the "Metamorphoses" as a whole, which concerns the protagonist Lucius’s journey towards salvation through the cult of Isis. Ritual elements were associated with the story even before Apuleius’s version, as indicated in visual representations; for instance, a 1st-century BC sardonyx cameo depicting the wedding of Cupid and Psyche shows an attendant elevating a "liknon" (basket) used in Dionysiac initiation. C. Moreschini saw the "Metamorphoses" as moving away from the Platonism of Apuleius’s earlier "Apology" toward a vision of mystic salvation.
Before embarking on her descent, Psyche receives instructions for navigating the underworld:
The two coins serve the plot by providing Psyche with fare for the return; allegorically, this return trip suggests the soul’s rebirth, perhaps a Platonic reincarnation or the divine form implied by the so-called Orphic gold tablets. The myth of Charon has rarely been interpreted in light of mystery religions, despite the association in Apuleius and archaeological evidence of burials that incorporate both Charon’s obol and cultic paraphernalia. And yet “the image of the ferry,” Helen King notes, “hints that death is not final, but can be reversed, because the ferryman could carry his passengers either way.” A funeral rite is itself a kind of initiation, or the transition of the soul into another stage of "life."
Coins on the eyes?
Contrary to popular aetiology there is little evidence to connect the myth of Charon to the custom of placing a pair of coins on the eyes of the deceased, though the larger gold-foil coverings discussed above might include pieces shaped for the eyes. Pairs of coins are sometimes found in burials, including cremation urns; among the collections of the British Museum is an urn from Athens, "ca." 300 BC, that contained cremated remains, two obols, and a terracotta figure of a mourning siren. Ancient Greek and Latin literary sources, however, mention a pair of coins only when a return trip is anticipated, as in the case of Psyche’s catabasis, and never in regard to sealing the eyes.
Only rarely does the placement of a pair of coins suggest they might have covered the eyes. In Judea, a pair of silver denarii were found in the eye sockets of a skull; the burial dated to the 2nd century A.D. occurs within a Jewish community, but the religious affiliation of the deceased is unclear. Jewish ritual in antiquity did not require that the eye be sealed by an object, and it is debatable whether the custom of placing coins on the eyes of the dead was practiced among Jews prior to the modern era. During the 1980s, the issue became embroiled with the controversies regarding the Shroud of Turin when it was argued that the eye area revealed the outlines of coins; since the placement of coins on the eyes for burial is not securely attested in antiquity, apart from the one example from Judea cited above, this interpretation of evidence obtained through digital image processing cannot be claimed as firm support for the shroud's authenticity.
Coins at the feet.
Coins are found also at the deceased’s feet, although the purpose of this positioning is uncertain. John Chrysostom mentions and disparages the use of coins depicting Alexander the Great as amulets attached by the living to the head or feet, and offers the Christian cross as a more powerful alternative for both salvation and healing:
Christian transformation.
With instructions that recall those received by Psyche for her heroic descent, or the inscribed "Totenpass" for initiates, the Christian protagonist of a 14th-century French pilgrimage narrative is advised:
Anglo-Saxon and early–medieval Irish missionaries took the idea of a viaticum literally, carrying the Eucharistic bread and oil with them everywhere.
The need for a viaticum figures in a myth-tinged account of the death of King William II of England, told by the Anglo-Norman chronicler Geoffrey Gaimar: dying from a battle wound and delirious, the desperate king kept calling out for the "corpus domini" (Lord’s body) until a huntsman acted as priest and gave him flowering herbs as his viaticum. In the dominant tradition of William's death, he is killed while hunting on the second day of red stag season, which began August 1, the date of both Lughnasadh and the Feast of St. Peter's Chains.
The hunt is also associated with the administering of a herbal viaticum in the medieval "chansons de geste", in which traditional heroic culture and Christian values interpenetrate. The "chansons" offer multiple examples of grass or foliage substituted as a viaticum when a warrior or knight meets his violent end outside the Christian community. Sarah Kay views this substitute rite as communion with the Girardian “primitive sacred,” speculating that “pagan” beliefs lurk beneath a Christian veneer. In the "Raoul de Cambrai", the dying Bernier receives three blades of grass in place of the "corpus Domini." Two other "chansons" place this desire for communion within the mytheme of the sacrificial boar hunt. In "Daurel et Beton", Bove is murdered next to the boar he just killed; he asks his own killer to grant him communion “with a leaf,” and when he is denied, he then asks that his enemy eat his heart instead. This request is granted; the killer partakes of the victim’s body as an alternative sacrament. In "Garin le Loheren", Begon is similarly assassinated next to the corpse of a boar, and takes communion with three blades of grass.
Kay’s conjecture that a pre-Christian tradition accounts for the use of leaves as the viaticum is supported by evidence from Hellenistic magico-religious practice, the continuance of which is documented in Gaul and among Germanic peoples. Spells from the Greek Magical Papyri often require the insertion of a leaf — an actual leaf, a papyrus scrap, the representation of a leaf in metal foil, or an inscribed rectangular "lamella" (as described above) — into the mouth of a corpse or skull, as a means of conveying messages to and from the realms of the living and the dead. In one spell attributed to Pitys the Thessalian, the practitioner is instructed to inscribe a flax leaf with magic words and to insert it into the mouth of a dead person.
The insertion of herbs into the mouth of the dead, with a promise of resurrection, occurs also in the Irish tale "The Kern in the Narrow Stripes," the earliest written version of which dates to the 1800s but is thought to preserve an oral tradition of early Irish myth. The kern of the title is an otherworldly trickster figure who performs a series of miracles; after inducing twenty armed men to kill each other, he produces herbs from his bag and instructs his host's gatekeeper to place them within the jaws of each dead man to bring him back to life. At the end of the tale, the mysterious visitor is revealed as Manannán mac Lir, the Irish god known in other stories for his herd of pigs that offer eternal feasting from their self-renewing flesh.
Sacrament and superstition.
Scholars have frequently suggested that the use of a viaticum in the Christian rite for the dying reflected preexisting religious practice, with Charon’s obol replaced by a more acceptably Christian sacrament. In one miraculous story, recounted by Pope Innocent III in a letter dated 1213, the coins in a moneybox were said literally to have been transformed into communion wafers. Because of the viaticum’s presumed pre-Christian origin, an anti-Catholic historian of religion at the turn of the 18th–19th centuries propagandized the practice, stating that “it was from the heathens the papists borrowed it.” Contemporary scholars are more likely to explain the borrowing in light of the deep-seated conservatism of burial practices or as a form of religious syncretism motivated by a psychological need for continuity.
Among Christians, the practice of burying a corpse with a coin in its mouth was never widespread enough to warrant condemnation from the Church, but the substitute rite came under official scrutiny; the viaticum should not be, but often was, placed in the mouth after death, apparently out of a superstitious desire for its magical protection. By the time Augustine wrote his "Confessions", “African bishops had forbidden the celebration of the eucharist in the presence of the corpse. This was necessary to stop the occasional practice of placing the eucharistic bread in the mouth of the dead, a viaticum which replaced the coin needed to pay Charon’s fare.” Pope Gregory I, in his biography of Benedict of Nursia, tells the story of a monk whose body was twice ejected from his tomb; Benedict advised the family to restore the dead man to his resting place with the viaticum placed on his chest. The placement suggests a functional equivalence with the "Goldblattkreuze" and the Orphic gold tablets; its purpose — to assure the deceased’s successful passage to the afterlife — is analogous to that of Charon’s obol and the "Totenpässe" of mystery initiates, and in this case it acts also as a seal to block the dead from returning to the world of the living.
Ideally, the journey into death would begin immediately after taking the sacrament. Eusebius offers an example of an elderly Christian who managed to hold off death until his grandson placed a portion of the Eucharist in his mouth. In a general audience October 24, 2007, Pope Benedict XVI quoted Paulinus’s account of the death of St. Ambrose, who received and swallowed the "corpus Domini" and immediately “gave up his spirit, taking the good Viaticum with him. His soul, thus refreshed by the virtue of that food, now enjoys the company of Angels.” A perhaps apocryphal story from a Cistercian chronicle "circa" 1200 indicates that the viaticum was regarded as an apotropaic seal against demons ("ad avertendos daemonas"), who nevertheless induced a woman to attempt to snatch the Host ("viaticum") from the mouth of Pope Urban III’s corpse. Like Charon's obol, the viaticum can serve as both sustenance for the journey and seal.
In the 19th century, the German scholar Georg Heinrici proposed that Greek and Roman practices pertaining to the care of the dead, specifically including Charon’s obol, shed light on vicarious baptism, or baptism for the dead, to which St. Paul refers in a letter to the Corinthians. A century after Heinrici, James Downey examined the funerary practices of Christian Corinthians in historical context and argued that they intended vicarious baptism to protect the deceased’s soul against interference on the journey to the afterlife. Both vicarious baptism and the placement of a viaticum in the mouth of a person already dead reflect Christian responses to, rather than outright rejection of, ancient religious traditions pertaining to the cult of the dead.
Art of the modern era.
Although Charon has been a popular subject of art, particularly in the 19th century, the act of payment is less often depicted. An exception is the "Charon and Psyche" of John Roddam Spencer Stanhope, exhibited "ca." 1883. The story of Cupid and Psyche found several expressions among the Pre-Raphaelite artists and their literary peers, and Stanhope, while mourning the death of his only child, produced a number of works dealing with the afterlife. His Psyche paintings were most likely based on the narrative poem of William Morris that was a retelling of the version by Apuleius. In Stanhope’s vision, the ferryman is a calm and patriarchal figure more in keeping with the Charon of the archaic Greek lekythoi than the fearsome antagonist often found in Christian-era art and literature.
The contemporary artist Bradley Platz extends the theme of Charon’s obol as a viatical food in his oil-on-canvas work "Charon and the Shades" (2007). In this depiction, Charon is a hooded, faceless figure of Death; the transported soul regurgitates a stream of gold coins while the penniless struggle and beg on the shores. The painting was created for a show in which artists were to bring together a mythological figure and a pop-culture icon, chosen randomly. The “soul” in Platz’s reinterpretation is the “celebutante” Nicole Richie “as a general symbol for the modern celebrity and wealth,” notes the artist: “She is represented dry and emaciated, having little physical beauty left but a wealth of gold” which she purges from her mouth.
Modern poetry.
Poets of the modern era have continued to make use of Charon's obol as a living allusion. In "Don Juan aux enfers" ("Don Juan in Hell"), the French Symboliste poet Charles Baudelaire marks the eponymous hero's entry to the underworld with his payment of the obol to Charon. Irish Nobel laureate Seamus Heaney makes a less direct allusion with a simile — "words imposing on my tongue like obols" — in the "Fosterage" section of his long poem "Singing School":

</doc>
<doc id="19919985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919985" title="False radiosity">
False radiosity

False Radiosity is a 3D computer graphics technique used to create texture mapping for objects that emulates patch interaction algorithms in radiosity rendering. Though practiced in some form since the late 90s, this term was coined only around 2002 by architect Andrew Hartness, then head of 3D and real-time design at Ateliers Jean Nouvel.
During the period of nascent commercial enthusiasm for radiosity-enhanced imagery, but prior to the democratization of powerful computational hardware, architects and graphic artists experimented with time-saving 3D rendering techniques. By darkening areas of texture maps corresponding to corners, joints and recesses, and applying maps via self-illumination or diffuse mapping in a 3D program, a radiosity-like effect of patch interaction could be created with a standard scan-line renderer. Successful emulation of radiosity required a theoretical understanding and graphic application of patch view factors, path tracing and global illumination algorithms. Texture maps were usually produced with image editing software, such as Adobe Photoshop. The advantage of this method is decreased rendering time and easily modifiable overall lighting strategies.
Another common approach similar to false radiosity is the manual placement of standard omni-type lights with limited attenuation in places in the 3D scene where the artist would expect radiosity reflections to occur. This method uses many lights and can require an advanced light-grouping system, depending on what assigned materials/objects are illuminated, how many surfaces require false radiosity treatment, and to what extent it is anticipated that lighting strategies be set up for frequent changes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19919993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19919993" title="María Angels Ramón-Llin">
María Angels Ramón-Llin

María Angels Ramón-Llin i Martínez (Valencia, Spain, 15 June 1963) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the main opposition People's Party (PP).
Married with one son and daughter, Ramón-Llin holds a degree in law. She entered politics in 1982 when she joined Unió Valenciana (UV) a right wing regional party. She served as President of its youth wing from 1983 to 1991. In 1987 when she was elected as a UV deputy to the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament, serving until 2004. During that period she served as Environment and Agriculture minister (1995-1997) and Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (1999-2003) in the Valencian regional administration She abandoned UV on 11 January 1999 and later joined the PP. In 2004 she moved to national politics when she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region for the PP. She did not stand in 2008 but remains a member of the Provincial committee of the PP in Valencia region.
Ramón-Llin also has a diploma in music and is a qualified teacher of Valencian. 

</doc>
<doc id="19920001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920001" title="Grant Munro (filmmaker)">
Grant Munro (filmmaker)

Grant Munro O.C. (born ) is a Canadian animator, filmmaker and actor.
Early life.
He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He has one sister (Gail) and a brother (Brian). Brian Munro spent his adult life in the Canadian Forces, serving with Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry (PPCLI). Of note, he received the Presidential Unit Citation (United States) for the Battle of Kapyong in the Korean War.
Grant Munro was educated at the Robert H. Smith school, Queenston school, and Gordon Bell High, before attending the Musgrove School of Art and the Winnipeg School of Art. Earning an honor diploma from the Ontario College of Art in 1944, he then joined the National Film Board, Canada's public film producer and distributor.
Career.
His work as an animator first won note during 1945, setting the songs "My Darling Clementine" and "The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze" to animated cut-outs. In 1952, he furthered his reputation by co-starring with Jean-Paul Ladouceur in Norman McLaren's "Neighbours", a film which used the technique known as "pixilation" (a term coined by Munro) and which won both a Canadian Film Award and an Academy Award. He went on to collaborate with McLaren on the films "Two Bagatelles" (1953), "Seven Surprizes" (1963), "Christmas Cracker" (1963) and "Canon" (1964).
In the 1970s, Munro's focus shifted to documentaries. He directed: "Tours en l'air" (1973), a film about work of dancers Anna Marie and David Holmes; "Boo Hoo" (1974), which concerned a cemetery and crematorium in Saint John, New Brunswick; and "Animated Motion" (parts 1–5, 1976–8) and "McLaren on McLaren" (1983), which documented the work and philosophy of his colleague Norman McLaren. He also directed " See You in the Funny Papers" (1983), which examined the life and work of cartoonist Lynn Johnston.
Munro retired from the National Film Board in 1988.
Recognition.
Awards and honors.
The 1962 short "Christmas Cracker" was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Gate Award. "Canon" (1964) won the Canadian Film Award for Best Arts and Experimental; and "The Animal Movie" (1966) won a plate at the Venice Film Festival.
On June 20, 2007 Concordia University awarded Munro an honorary doctorate in recognition of his legacy for generations of filmmakers.
On October 10, 2008, Grant Munro was made an Officer in the Order of Canada by Governor General Michaëlle Jean. The backgrounder to the award read as follows:
Grant Munro is a pioneering animator and filmmaker. One of the earliest and longest-serving members of the National Film Board of Canada, he developed innovative techniques that influenced both the film industry and other animators. He produced films that were used as public education tools in schools across Canada, and collaborated with the Montreal Children’s Hospital to create educational films for children with learning disabilities. As well, he was involved in making several award-winning film's and has been an inspiring role model and dedicated mentor to several generations of young filmmakers.
"Grant Munro Rediscovered".
On December 4, 2003, the Museum of Modern Art paid tribute to him with "Grant Munro Rediscovered", a retrospective program of his work:
On the occasion of Grant Munro’s eightieth birthday and the release of a new DVD, "Cut-Up: The Films of Grant Munro", the Museum of Modern Art pays tribute to this seminal but under-recognized animator. Working from within the historic Animation Unit of the National Film Board of Canada from 1945 through the early 1970s, Munro directed, produced, shot, edited, and even acted in some of the most significant hand-drawn and pixilated animation ever made. A frequent collaborator with Norman McLaren, Munro brought a wicked wit and sublime grace to the art.

</doc>
<doc id="19920006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920006" title="Sean O'Pry">
Sean O'Pry

Sean O'Pry (born July 5, 1989) is an American male model from Kennesaw, Georgia.
Career.
In 2006, 17-year-old O'Pry was scouted from his prom photos on MySpace by Nolé Marin. Bert Hamilton, a photographer from Sean's home state of Georgia, took the picture featured in an article before his career took off.
Since then, O'Pry has been featured in numerous advertising campaigns and editorials for Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Ralph Lauren, Gianfranco Ferré, H&M, Armani Jeans, Marc Jacobs, Emporio Armani, Lacoste, Dsquared2, American Eagle, Bottega Veneta, DKNY, Fendi, "GQ", "Dazed & Confused", "V", "Details", Barneys, Uniqlo, Bloomingdale's, Belstaff, D2, "Arena", Diesel, Gap, JOOP! and Numéro Homme. He is currently the face of Bottega Veneta and Zara.
His runway credentials include opening Versace, Yves Saint Laurent, Givenchy and Salvatore Ferragamo, and closing Moschino, Trussardi and Zegna. Other designers he has walked for include Roberto Cavalli, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Michael Kors, and Hermès.
In November 2011, O'Pry was reported to star in campaign of Viktor & Rolf's fragrance Spicebomb.
O'Pry appeared on Madonna's music video "Girl Gone Wild".
Achievements.
As of September 2013, he is the most successful male model in the world on "models.com" list of the Top 50 international male models having held this position for two years. In June 2009, he was named the world's most successful male model of 2009 by Forbes publications. Previously, he had been named the world's eighth most successful male model of 2008 by the same magazine.
He was the face of Calvin Klein for several seasons and is best known for being GQ's "Man of the Season" in 2007.
Reception.
He has been praised for his pillowed lips and hooded blue eyes.
Personal.
O'Pry has one older brother Chris and a younger sister Shannon. He went to North Cobb High School. His hobbies include American football, golf and lacrosse.
He has a net worth of $6.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19920009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920009" title="Left Hand of Gemini">
Left Hand of Gemini

Left Hand of Gemini is a 1972 American science fiction film starring Ian McShane, Ursula Thiess and Richard Egan.

</doc>
<doc id="19920050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920050" title="Roy Haggerty">
Roy Haggerty

Roy Haggerty was a rugby league player for St. Helens and Barrow who began his career at before moving into the .
His was a popular figure amongst the St. Helens supporters who respected his fitness and commitment to the club. 
He is the father professional rugby league footballers Gareth Haggerty and Kurt Haggerty.
One of the popular folklores in St. Helens is that upon hearing of Mal Meninga's arrival for the 1985 season, Haggerty commented ""Where's he going to play?!""
Haggerty was selected to go on the 1988 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia but did not play in any Test matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19920055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920055" title="Alliterative Revival">
Alliterative Revival

The Alliterative Revival is a term adopted by academics to refer to the resurgence of poetry using the alliterative verse form - the traditional versification of Old English poetry - in Middle English during the period c. 1350 - c. 1500. The last alliterative poem known before this period is Laȝamon's "Brut", which dates from around 1190.
Opinion is divided as to whether the reappearance of such poems represents a conscious revival of an old artistic tradition, or merely signifies that despite the tradition continuing in some form between 1200 and 1350, no poems have survived in written form.
Verse.
The alliterative "long line".
The verse of the Alliterative Revival broadly adheres to the same pattern shown in Old English poetry; a four-stress line, with a rhythmic pause (or caesura) in the middle, in which three of the stresses alliterate, i.e. "aa / ax". Amongst the features differentiating the Middle English alliterative style from its predecessor is that the lines are longer and looser in rhythm, and the medial pause is less strictly observed, or often absent entirely; hundreds of rhythmic variations seem to have been permitted. An example of this style is shown by a few lines from "Wynnere and Wastoure":
Some poets, such as William Langland, the conjectured author of "Piers Plowman", seem to have favoured looser rhythmic patterns than others.
Stanzaic poems.
A second type of verse combining rhymed stanzas, usually of thirteen or fourteen lines, with the basic four-stress line also appeared during the Revival. Here the alliteration may often follow the pattern "aa / aa", "ax / aa", or even "aa / bb". It is still uncertain as to whether this tradition developed from the unrhymed alliterative template or from rhymed verse forms on which the traditional alliterative stave was superimposed. The surviving stanzaic alliterative poems are generally of northern English provenance; some, such as "The Three Dead Kings", are of incredibly complex form.
Development of the Revival.
The dialects shown in the surviving poems often point towards a northern and western provenance, and the conventional interpretation of the Revival states that such verse first began to be produced in the south-west Midlands, perhaps towards the start of the 14th century, and spread gradually northwards and eastwards, eventually becoming limited to the far north and Scotland by the close of the 15th century. It was a largely self-contained movement, and its "contacts with the metropolitan, Chaucerian tradition were slight". 
In recent years medievalists have begun to challenge the idea that alliterative verse and its "revival" was an exclusively regional phenomenon, limited to the north and west of England. Although, as academic Ralph Hanna observes, the records of early alliterative poetry cluster overwhelmingly around the literary communities of Worcester, in the west, and York, in the north, alliterative poetry at least subsequently developed "as one competing form of a national, not regional, literature". In this interpretation, alliterative verse would have been part of the common literary culture of the time, albeit most appreciated in northern and western circles. Indeed, a few poems seem to have a definitely eastern (and in the case of "The Blacksmiths", possibly urban) origin. The apparent flowering of the alliterative style in the period may have been due to social changes occurring in the wake of the Black Death, which would have thrown vernacular literary styles into greater prominence.
Ultimately, changing literary fashions, along with its perhaps old-fashioned and provincial associations, led to the abandonment of the alliterative form. Its use persisted in Scotland long after it had become a curiosity in an English literary culture totally dominated by the Chaucerian tradition: from 1450 until the following century, every major Scots court poet composed at least one alliterative poem.
Audience and authors.
The cultural milieu of the alliterative poets is often described as one more provincial and backward-looking than that of Chaucerian, courtly poetry of the time, with the poems being appreciated by an audience drawn from the landed gentry of the shires rather than the urban sophisticates of the court. Most of the authors self-consciously associate their work with vernacular, informal language, and structure their work as if to be read aloud to a mixed group of listeners.
It has also been suggested that they could have had a more noble audience, perhaps as part of a conscious policy of regionalism encouraged by powerful northern and western magnates - the Mortimer Earls of March, the Bohun Earls of Hereford and the Beauchamp Earls of Warwick - as a political counterweight to the court. However, as Richard II of England and John of Gaunt both had substantial support and connections in the north-west, it is also possible to argue that the alliterative poets of this period could easily have had courtly connections.
In comparison to some of the authors of syllabic rhymed verse during this period, such as Geoffrey Chaucer, John Gower, and John Lydgate, almost nothing is known about the authors of alliterative poetry. The greatest of them, the Pearl poet, author of "Pearl" and "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", and that of "Alliterative Morte Arthure" are both completely anonymous, though the former has been tentatively identified as a John Massey, member of a Cheshire landowning family. Even William Langland, the author of the hugely influential "Piers Plowman", has been identified largely through conjecture. The longest poem of the Revival (over 14,000 lines), "The Destruction of Troy", is ascribed to a John Clerk from Lancashire, but little else is known about him. A notable exception to this lack of information is Scottish court poet William Dunbar; Dunbar generally wrote in syllabic metres, but displays a masterful use of the alliterative line in one poem at the very end of the period.
One man known to have appreciated alliterative verse during the time it was still being composed was Robert Thornton, a 15th-century landowner from North Yorkshire. Thornton's efforts in copying these poems, for the use of himself and his family, resulted in the preservation of several valuable works.
Chronology.
The first alliterative poem after the "Brut" for which a date can be established is "Wynnere and Wastoure", which from internal evidence is usually dated to around 1352. The last, "Scottish Ffielde", was composed in c. 1515. From in between these dates, a number of examples of verse have survived, of which some are listed below:
Some elements of the alliterative technique survived in Scotland until the late 16th century, appearing in "The Flyting Betwixt Montgomerie and Polwart" dated around 1580.

</doc>
<doc id="19920066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920066" title="Oregon and Transcontinental Company">
Oregon and Transcontinental Company

The Oregon and Transcontinental Company was a 19th-century holding company in the United States, organized by Henry Villard in 1881 to control the Northern Pacific Railroad and Oregon Railway and Navigation Company. It was incorporated in Oregon. New Jersey passed legislation in 1889 to facilitate the control of other companies by another corporation with a goal of encouraging trusts to convert into holding companies and relocate to that state. Oregon and Transcontinental in 1890 re-incorporated as a holding company in New Jersey and became the North American Company so that it could take advantage of these expanded corporate powers and invest in a wider range of businesses. 

</doc>
<doc id="19920075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920075" title="Sumnerville, Kansas">
Sumnerville, Kansas

Sumnerville is an unincorporated community in Ottawa County, Kansas, United States, located north of Minneapolis and Interstate 70.

</doc>
<doc id="19920078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920078" title="Live My Life">
Live My Life

Live My Life is the third studio album by Boris. It was released at 30 January 2009, on the Bo-Rush / Upper Room label, and distributed by Rough Trade Benelux. Main producer is Antoon Tolsma (DutchFlower). The preliminary single "If You Wanna Roll with Me" has been released on 7 November 2008.
The album reached the charts with a number 4 entry during the first week in the Dutch Album Top 100.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Boris Titulaer and Anthony Tolsma, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19920084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920084" title="Journey into Fear (1975 film)">
Journey into Fear (1975 film)

Journey into Fear is a 1975 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Mann, and based on the novel of the same name by Eric Ambler.
It stars Sam Waterston, Zero Mostel, Yvette Mimieux, Vincent Price, Donald Pleasence, Shelley Winters, Stanley Holloway, Joseph Wiseman and Ian McShane.
The film is a remake of "Journey into Fear", a 1943 version of the novel starring Orson Welles.
Plot.
U.S geologist Graham (Sam Waterston) discovers something about Oil that proves very threatening to the Turkish and Arab business people. He discovers a rich oil deposit in the mountains of Turkey that creates a dangerous conflict between Turks and Arabs.
His life suddenly in peril, Graham tries to escape aboard a boat with the assistance of Kupelkin from the Turkish embassy. The passengers he encounters include a singer, Josette, who may also be a prostitute, and a bickering couple, Mr. and Mrs. Mathews, all the while Graham aware that someone aboard is determined to kill him.
Critical reception.
TV Guide wrote, "this version was shot all over Europe with well-known guest artists who ought to have known better, and directed by Mann who has done much better."
Influence.
"Journey into Fear: Pilot's Quarters 1 and 2" (2001), an art installation by Stan Douglas "was inspired by the 1975 Daniel Mann film Journey into Fear," writes Rachel Taylor on the Tate website, "one of the first major films to be shot on location in Vancouver. Mann’s film a remake of the 1942 film of the same name directed by Norman Foster, which was based on the 1940 novel by Eric Ambler. 
Douglas’ video, like the two Hollywood films, is set on a container ship. Two characters based on Graham and Möller discuss and argue; Möller tries to convince Graham to delay a container en route to Vancouver, an act that would destabilize shares in a particular Asian contractor, leaving the company’s shares vulnerable to an aggressive takeover. These scenes, which form the majority of the video, take place in the ship’s pilots quarters.
The diptych presents views of the sets used for filming these scenes. Both photographs show the sets from a distance, exposing the sound stage in which they are situated. The sets are empty of people but lights and microphones are visible. Both images show the cabin with a ‘fourth wall’ removed to allow filming take place. In Pilot’s Quarters 2 the cabin is seen from behind the pilot’s bed, while in Pilot’s Quarters 1 the bed is seen on the left side of the room.
Douglas’ practice has always included photography as a source and inspiration for his filmmaking as well as an art form in itself. The large scale images of the set serve to highlight the artifice of filmmaking, laying bare the techniques involved in film-making."

</doc>
<doc id="19920131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920131" title="Jessica Holmes (television presenter)">
Jessica Holmes (television presenter)

Jessica Holmes (born November 17, 1976) is an American television personality. She was the co-host of the popular Nickelodeon TV series "Slime Time Live". She is currently a morning news anchor of the KTLA Morning News in Los Angeles.
Career.
Jessica Holmes was an intern for Nickelodeon in 1999 when she was approached by a producer in a hallway at the network and was asked if she would like to appear on air. She agreed and six months later she began co-hosting the show "Slime Time Live". Slime Time Live ran for 8 seasons between 2000 and 2003. Part of her role as co-host was go get "slimed" or "pied".
In 2003, Holmes was hired to host Bragging Rights for the "OLN" cable network (formerly Outdoor Life Network). Bragging Rights was a 13 episode reality television show and Homes served as the host.
Following her brief stint on "OLN", Holmes decided to relocate to Los Angeles to further her television career. At the time of her move she did not have a new job. Her agent submitted an application for Holmes to appear in a KTLA Morning News competition called "The Audition". "The Audition" was a segment on the KTLA Morning News that was a game show competition. The winner of the competition was reportedly going to be the new weathercaster on the show. Holmes won the competition which was determined by viewer votes.
After winning the competition at KTLA Morning News, Holmes began doing weather segments on the show. A month later, Holmes was hired as a helicopter-based traffic reporter for the show. After two years of reporting traffic, Holmes was tapped to co-host a new 9am morning news show. Holmes later expanded her duties to include co-hosting the 7am KTLA Morning News broadcast, replacing Michaela Pereira.

</doc>
<doc id="19920139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920139" title="Albanian principalities">
Albanian principalities

The term Albanian Principalities refers to a number of principalities created in the Middle Ages in Albania and Epirus that were ruled by Albanian nobility. The 12th century marked the first Albanian principality, the Principality of Arbër, however it is in the 14th century and the beginning of the 15th century that these principalities became stronger, especially because of the fall of the Serbian Empire. Most of these principalities were united in 1444 under the military alliance called League of Lezha.
Principality of Arbanon.
The Principality of Arbanon (1190–1255) was the first Albanian state during the Middle Ages. The proclamation of the feudal state of Arbanon, in the north of Albania, with Kruja as the capital took place on 1190. As the founder of this state is known Progoni and later on Gjini and Dhimiter. Nderfandina is known as the most important center of this principality. For this was spoken clearly by the emblem of Arber found carved on a stone in the Catholic Church of Saint Maria. After the fall of Progon Dynasty the principality came under Grigor Kamona and Gulam of Albania. Finally the principality was dissolved on 1255. The best period of the principality was under Dhimiter Progoni.
Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto.
Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto (1358–1374) was a Despotate, ruled by Albanian chieftains of Epirus. It was created after the defeat of Nikephoros II Orsini in 1358 and ceased to exist in 1374, when its despot, Gjin Bua Shpata, unified the territory with Despotate of Arta.
Principality of Valona.
The Principality of Valona (1346–1417) was a medieval state roughly encompassing the territories of the modern Albanian counties of Vlorë (Valona) and Berat. Initially a vassal of the Serbian Empire, it became an independent lordship after 1355 until conquered by the Ottoman Turks in 1417.
Despotate of Arta.
Despotate of Arta (1358–1416) was a Despotate, ruled by Albanian chieftains of Epirus. It was created after the defeat of Nikephoros II Orsini in 1358 and ceased to exist in 1416. After the death of Peter Losha in 1374, the Albanian despotates of Arta and Angelocastron were united under the rule of Despot Gjin Bua Shpata. The territory of this despotate was from the Corinth Gulf to Acheron River in the North, neighboring with the Principality of Gjon Zenebishti, another state created in the area of the Despotate of Epirus. The Despotate of Epirus managed to control in this period only the eastern part of Epirus, with its capital in Ioannina. 
During this period the Despotate of Epirus was ruled by Thomas II Preljubović, who was in an open conflict with Gjin Bue Shpata. In 1375, Gjin Bue Shpata started an offensive in Ioannina, but he couldn't invade the city. Although Shpata married with the sister of Thomas II Preljubović, Helena their war did not stop. After the death of Gjin Bua Shpata in 1399, the Despotate of Arta weakened continuously. Among the animosities with the rulers of Janina Gjin’s successor, Muriq Shpata, had to deal with the intentions of the Venetians and of Count Carlo I Tocco of Cefalonia. In 1416 he defeated Jakup Shpata and conquered Arta, ending the Shpata dynasty.
Principality of Gjirokastër.
Principality of Gjirokastër (1386–1418) was a principality created by Gjon Zenebishi in 1386 and abolished after the Ottoman invasion in 1434. In 1380, Gjon Zenebishi was appointed "sebastocrator" or prefect of Vagenetia near Delvina and in 1386 he became prince. In 1399 Esau, supported by some Albanian clans, marched against his wife's brother-in-law John Zenevisi of Argyrokastron. Now Esau was routed and captured, and much of his land was occupied by Zenevisi. Esau returned to Ioannina in 1400, regaining the reign from Zenebishi. Zenebishi was defeated by the Turks, he fled to the Venetian island of Corfu, but was called back two years later (1416) by an uprising of the mountain tribes. With the support of Venice, he again set his sights on Gjirokastra, but was chased away once more by the Turks and died in Corfu in 1418.
Muzaka Principality.
Principality of Berat or Muzakaj Principality (1335–1444) was a principality created by despot Andrea II Muzaka in 1335, with its capital Berat. The principality was united with other Albanian principalities in the League of Lezhë in 1444.
Kastrioti Principality.
Principality of Kastrioti (1389–1444) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania. It was created by Gjon Kastrioti and then ruled by the national hero of Albania, Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg.
Gjon Kastrioti had originally only two small villages, which probably emblem of the eagle family with a black two-headed, even if it can provide different interpretations. In short time John Kastrioti managed to expand its lands so as to become the undisputed lord of Central Albania.
Gjon Kastrioti was among those who opposed the early incursion of Ottoman Bayezid I, however his resistance was ineffectual. The Sultan, having accepted his submissions, obliged him to pay tribute and to ensure the fidelity of local rulers, George Kastrioti and his three brothers were taken by the Sultan to his court as hostages.
Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg was distinguished as one of the best officers in several Ottoman campaigns both in Asia Minor and in Europe, and the Sultan appointed him General. 
On 28 November 1443, Skanderbeg saw his opportunity to rebel during a battle against the Hungarians led by John Hunyadi in Niš as part of the Crusade of Varna. He switched sides along with 300 other Albanians serving in the Ottoman army. After a long trek to Albania he eventually captured Krujë by forging a letter from the Sultan to the Governor of Krujë, which granted him control of the territory. After capturing the castle, Skanderbeg abjured Islam and proclaimed himself the avenger of his family and country. 
Following the capture of Krujë, Skanderbeg managed to bring together all the Albanian princes in the town of Lezhë (see League of Lezhë, 1444). Gibbon reports that the ""Albanians, a martial race, were unanimous to live and die with their hereditary prince"" and that ""in the assembly of the states of Epirus, Skanderbeg was elected general of the Turkish war and each of the allies engaged to furnish his respective proportion of men and money"".
Dukagjini Principality.
Principality of Dukagjini (1387–1444) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania. It was created by brothers Pal and Leka I Dukagjini and then ruled by Pal's descendants, Tanush Dukagjini, Pal II Dukagjini, who took part in the League of Lezha. Pal's son, Lekë III Dukagjini is one of the most prominent personalities in Albanian history.
Princedom of Albania.
Princedom of Albania (1368–1443) was an Albanian Principality formed after the disestablishment of Kingdom of Albania, by Karl Thopia. The principality changed hands between the Thopia dynasty and the Balsha dynasty, until 1392, when it was occupied by the Ottoman Empire. When Skanderbeg liberated Kruja and reorganised the Principality of Kastrioti, the descendant of Gjergj Thopia, Andrea II Thopia, managed to regain control of the princedom. Finally, it was united with other Albanian principalities forming the League of Lezha in 1444.
League of Lezha.
The League of Lezhë (2 March 1444 – 25 April 1479) was a confederation of all Albanian principalities, created in the Assembly of Lezha in 2 March 1444. The league was led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg and after his death by Lekë Dukagjini. Skanderbeg organized a meeting of Albanian nobles, the Arianits, Dukagjin, Spani, Thopias, Muzakas, and the leaders of the free Albanian principalities from the high mountains, in the town of Lezhë, where the nobles agreed to fight together for mutual gain against the common Turkish enemy and they voted Skanderbeg as their suzerain chief. The League of Lezhë was a confederation and each principality kept its sovereignty.
References.
""History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1"

</doc>
<doc id="19920150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920150" title="Journey into Fear">
Journey into Fear

Journey into Fear may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19920152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920152" title="The Rebound">
The Rebound

The Rebound is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich, starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and Justin Bartha. It was released in theaters in several countries in late 2009. It was originally scheduled to be released in the United States on December 25, 2010, but was cancelled due to the film's distributor shutting down. It ended up going direct-to-DVD in the United States on February 7, 2012.
Plot.
A housewife and mother of two, Sandy (Catherine Zeta-Jones), discovers that her husband has been unfaithful. After a hasty divorce, she leaves home and goes to New York City with her young son and daughter. There they begin a new life. Sandy quickly rents an apartment above a coffee house and befriends one of the waiters, Aram Finklestein (Justin Bartha). Aram, at 25, is not sure what he wants to do with his life although he has a college degree and a tendency toward women's studies and feminism. He decides to babysit Sandy's children ultimately becoming their full-time nanny. He develops a close-knit relationship with both children and a chemistry starts to brew between Aram and Sandy ensuing in an awkward sexual encounter that the children come to know about. 
Notwithstanding, they start to date and after two months they seem perfect together. One day Sandy feels nauseous and suspects she is pregnant. Aram is thrilled and looks forward to raising a child with her. A doctor confirms that Sandy is pregnant, but it is an ectopic pregnancy and will result in a miscarriage. As they leave the doctor, a fight breaks out between Aram and Sandy, with the latter confirming that she thinks it's ludicrous that the two of them, with an age difference of 15 years, would ever be happy together. After the break up, Aram decides to travel the world and to improve the lives of others. Sandy gets promoted at her job. 
After five years, the two share a chance encounter in a restaurant. Aram reveals he has adopted a young boy from Bangladesh and is still single. Sandy, who is celebrating her promotion with her children and a colleague, invites Aram and his family to join them. The film ends as the two hold hands underneath the table whilst their children start to bond.
Reception.
Critical response.
"The Rebound" received generally mixed reviews from film critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a score of 42% based on 24 reviews with 10 fresh reviews and 14 rotten. Jon Frosch, a top critic, said: "Saddling two game actors with a tone-deaf, charmless script, the film makes recent J.Lo vehicle The Back-up Plan look like Billy Wilder in comparison." Alex Zane said: "These are characters who seem very real. It's their imperfections, not contrived plot points, that drive the story."
Box office.
The film grossed $21,790,414 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19920162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920162" title="Industrial Relations Act (Mauritius)">
Industrial Relations Act (Mauritius)

The Industrial Relations Act (abbreviated 'IRA') is a law in Mauritius, which regulates relations in the labour market. IRA gives the right for workers to strike, but with some limitations. The IRA stipulates a 21-day 'cool-down period' before a strike can take effect and that the Ministry of Labour can decide that a dispute shall be settled by a binding arbitration in the Labour Court. The government may also declare a strike illegal if it is perceived as damaging the national economy.

</doc>
<doc id="19920166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920166" title="Blow Up Records">
Blow Up Records

Blow Up Records (or Blow Up) is a British independent record label, that was established in London in 1994, by Blow Up club founder and DJ Paul Tunkin.
Music genres of releases from the label include New Wave, Pop/Rock and Electronica
Notable releases include one of the first series of music library compilations 'Blow Up presents Exclusive Blend', 'Blow Up A-Go-Go: Dancefloor Classics' (Blow Up club compilation in conjunction with V2) and several series of limited seven inches featuring bands from across Europe and the UK. Blow Up also released the debut Add N to X album 'Vero Electronics' (1996). Current acts on the label roster include Big Boss Man, Baltic Fleet, The Bongolian, Mockingbird, Wish Me Luck and Silvery.
Artists.
List of artists that have released material under Blow Up Records:

</doc>
<doc id="19920170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920170" title="Nitpicky">
Nitpicky


</doc>
<doc id="19920177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920177" title="HealthLine">
HealthLine

The HealthLine (formerly known as the Silver Line, and the Euclid Corridor Transportation Project) is a bus rapid transit line run by the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. The line runs along Euclid Avenue from Public Square in downtown Cleveland to the Louis Stokes Station at Windermere in East Cleveland. It began operation on October 24, 2008.
By late 2009, ridership had expanded 47 percent compared to the former line running along the same route prior to the completion of the Euclid Corridor project and the creation of the HealthLine.
Vehicles and stations.
The HealthLine runs a fleet of 21 articulated DE60LFA-BRT vehicles, manufactured by New Flyer Industries, each with a seating capacity of 47 and able to accommodate 53 more standing up. The vehicles run on a diesel-electric hybrid motor system that produce 90% less emissions than regular buses. A low sulfur diesel engine (Caterpillar C-9)generates electrical power to run smaller electric motors mounted on each of the wheels. Each vehicle also has a GPS locator on board, which allows automated traffic signals to give the HealthLine buses priority at busy intersections, keeping them moving as much as possible. Three doors on each side of the vehicle make for fast and easy boarding and unboarding. However, as late as July 2010, the trip from East Cleveland to downtown during rush hour was more than 40 minutes – longer than the planned 33 minutes. This was due to traffic light timing and the 25 mph speed limit along most of the route. The speed limit was raised to 35 mph for buses and traffic light timing was adjusted further to combat this issue. 
There are 59 stations along Euclid Avenue that serve the HealthLine. All stations are equipped with a fare card vending machine, 24-hour lighting, and an emergency phone. An illuminated text display informs passengers of expected arrival times. Between Public Square and East 107th Street, all stations have raised platforms that align with the floor of the rapid transit vehicle, making for very easy boarding and alighting.
Route.
The HealthLine route travels along Euclid Avenue from Public Square in Downtown Cleveland to Louis Stokes Station at Windermere in East Cleveland. It passes through the neighborhoods of Downtown, Midtown, Fairfax, University Circle, and the suburb of East Cleveland.
Between Public Square and East 105th Street, Euclid Avenue has two "bus only" lanes close to the inner median which only allow HealthLine vehicles passage, reducing delays due to conflicts with general traffic during busy times. Complementing the HealthLine is a set of bike lanes on the outer edges of the stretch Euclid Avenue that connects Cleveland State University with Case Western Reserve University.
Schedule.
The HealthLine provides 24-hour service and runs as often as every five minutes during rush hours. The full timetable is:

</doc>
<doc id="19920187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920187" title="Jessica Valenti">
Jessica Valenti

Jessica Valenti (born November 1, 1978) is an American blogger and feminist writer, known for having founded the feminist blog "Feministing" in 2004. She is the author or co-author of four books on women's issues, including "Full Frontal Feminism" (2007), "He's a Stud, She's a Slut" (2008), and "The Purity Myth" (2009). Her work has appeared in "Ms.", "The Guardian", "The Nation", "The Washington Post", "TPMCafe", and "Alternet".
Valenti was named in March 2011 as one of "The Guardian'"s top 100 women, for what the newspaper described as her pioneering work in bringing the feminist movement online and into the 21st century.
Background.
Valenti was raised in Long Island City, Queens in an Italian-American family. Her father was a Buddhist, and her mother introduced her to her first pro-choice march when she was 13. Valenti graduated from Stuyvesant High School. She received her master's degree in Women's and Gender Studies from Rutgers University. On October 3, 2009, she married Andrew Golis, the deputy publisher of "Talking Points Memo".
Writing and blogging.
Valenti founded "Feministing" as a source for feminist news and ideas by and for young feminists. It was created while she was working at the National Organization for Women's legal defense fund (now Legal Momentum), in response to what she described as "dismissal from older feminists." Homa Khaleeli writes in "The Guardian" that the site shifted the feminist movement online, triggering the creation of blogs and discussion groups, creating a heyday for feminism just as its death was being announced, as Khaleeli puts it. She writes that Valenti "felt the full force of being a pioneer," her involvement with the site attracting online abuse, even threats of rape and death.
University of Wisconsin-Madison law professor Ann Althouse criticized "Feministing" in 2006 for its sometimes sexualized content. Erin Matson of the National Organization for Women's Young Feminist Task Force told "The Huffington Post" the controversy was "a rehashing of a very old debate within the feminist community: is public sexuality empowering or harmful to women?"
Valenti decided to leave the site in February 2011, saying she wanted it to remain a place for younger feminists. In addition to her work appearing in newspapers and magazines, she is a contributing author to Courtney E. Martin and J. Courtney Sullivan's books "Click: When We Knew We Were Feminists" (2010), Melody Berger's "We Don't Need Another Wave" (2008), and Diane Mapes's "Single State of the Union" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19920190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920190" title="The Wild and the Willing">
The Wild and the Willing

The Wild and the Willing is a 1962 British romantic drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Virginia Maskell, Paul Rogers, Ian McShane, Samantha Eggar and John Hurt. It marked the film debuts of 20-year old McShane and 22 year-old Hurt. McShane himself later became famous for his television roles in Lovejoy and Deadwood. It depicts a group of students at University.
Plot summary.
A group of young men at university go through the students' life – dancing, drinking, meeting girls. Harry (Ian McShane) is a rather rebellious young man, going out with Josie (Samantha Eggar). His room mate is Phil (John Hurt), a quiet outsider. Harry feels very protective of Phil for some reason. Phil loves Sarah (Katherine Woodville), who jilted him for another more suitable boyfriend. 
As the plot develops, Harry gets involved with Professor Chown's (Paul Rogers) unhappy wife, Virginia (Virginia Maskell). The professor acts very aloof towards her and doesn't want to divorce her because he is expecting to be knighted. Harry wants Virginia to come away with him, but she is too worried about her future and turns him down. For frustration Harry wants to pull a stunt, climb the campus tower and raise a flag atop. He needs help to pull this off but all the other young men opt out for various reasons. Phil offers Harry to join him, as he feels that Harry has done a lot to involve him into campus life, rather than living on the fringes. 
Gilby (Jeremy Brett), a smart striver is jealous of Harry, as he used to see Virginia before she rejected him. He notices the activities around the tower and reports Harry and Phil to the school authorities. The teachers are more annoyed than worried and call the fire brigade. The spectacle draws a crowd. Although Phil is a bad climber and is slipping several times, the two young men manage to hoist their flag. On the way down Phil loses his footing and falls to his death. 
Harry is expelled from university. He makes one more visit with Professor Chow and Virginia where the Professor admits that Harry's paper was brilliant and that with his stunt, he forfeited a scholarship and an academic career. Josie meets Harry at the bus and realises that she doesn't mean much to him. Yet she asks him to take her along, but he refuses, as he doesn't want to go on hurting people. The film ends with Reggie (John Sekka), an African friend, singing a ballad of Harry and Josie's life.

</doc>
<doc id="19920210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920210" title="Jos de Putter">
Jos de Putter

Jos de Putter (Terneuzen, 1959) is a Dutch film director, film critic and screenwriter who primarily makes Dutch documentary films. He studied political science and literature at the University of Leiden, and was a member of the editorial staff of the film magazine Skrien. He has also worked on a number of Dutch television programs and has written film critique for various Dutch newspapers and magazines.
His documentaries have been shown at many film festivals, and his debut film, "Het is een schone dag geweest", won the City of Utrecht Film Prize at the Dutch Film Festival. This documentary has been included in the Dutch Film Canon. He won the Joris Ivens Prize at the IDFA for Solo, de wet van de favela and the Teheran Film Festival Jury Prize for Nagasaki Stories. The Chicago International Documentary Film Festival featured a retrospective tribute to De Putter’s work in 2003.
De Putter played a part in the Heddy Honigmann film Tot ziens and ‘discovered’ the Brazilian footballer Leonardo Vitor Santiago, whom he cast as the star of Solo, de wet van de favela at the age of 11.
He wrote and directed Beyond the Game.

</doc>
<doc id="19920220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920220" title="Miss Marmelstein">
Miss Marmelstein

"Miss Marmelstein" is a song composed by Harold Rome, first introduced in the musical "I Can Get It for You Wholesale" by Barbra Streisand in the minor role of secretary Miss Marmelstein. In the number Miss Marmelstein laments that no one calls her by her first or second name. The song became the most popular part of the musical.
The song was released as a promotional only single to radio in April 1962 with "Who Knows?" (performed by Marilyn Cooper) on the b-side. This marked Streisand's first appearance on a Columbia Records single.
Streisand's first name was misspelled on the vinyl as Barbara.
Live performances.
In 2000, Barbra performed the song on her "Timeless Tour" and a live recording was included on the live album "Timeless: Live in Concert", and the accompanying DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="19920235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920235" title="Peter Driben">
Peter Driben

Peter Driben (October 22, 1903 - September, 1968), an American pin-up artist, was perhaps one of the most productive pin-up artists of the 1940s and 1950s. Although both Alberto Vargas and Gil Elvgren have extensive catalogues of work, neither came close to the output of Driben. Driben's pinups delighted the American public from the beginning of World War II until the great baby boom of the 1950s.
Born in Boston, Driben studied at Vesper George Art School before moving to Paris (circa 1925). While taking classes at the Sorbonne in 1925, he began a series of highly popular pen-and-ink drawings of the city's showgirls. His first known pin-up was the cover to "Tattle Tales" in October 1934, and by 1935 he was producing covers for Snappy, Pep, New York Nights, French Night Life and Caprice. Driben's popularity continued to rise in the late thirties with covers for "Silk Stocking Stories", "Gay Book", "Movie Merry-Go-Round" and "Real Screen Fun".
Driben's career expanded into advertising with his move to New York in late 1936. He created original three-dimensional die-cut window displays for Philco Radios, Cannon Bath Towels, and the Weber Baking Company. Perhaps his most famous work being the original posters and publicity artwork for The Maltese Falcon. Peter Driben was also a close friend of publisher Robert Harrison, and in 1941 was contracted to produce covers for Harrison's new magazine "Beauty Parade". Driben went on to paint hundreds of covers for that publication and for the other seven titles Harrison was to launch - "Flirt, Whisper, Titter, Wink, Eyeful, Giggles", and "Joker". Driben would often have as many as six or seven of his covers being published every month. Driben's work for Harrison established him as one of America's most recognized and successful pin-up and glamour artists. Just before he began to work for Harrison, Driben married the artist, actress and poet, Louise Kirby.
In 1944 he was offered the unusual opportunity, for a pin-up artist, of becoming the art director of the New York Sun, a post he retained until 1946. During the war, his popular painting of American soldiers raising the flag at Iwo Jima sparked a considerable amount of media attention.
In 1956, Driben and Louise moved to Miami Beach, where he spent his retirement years painting portraits (including one of Dwight D. Eisenhower) and other fine-art works, which were organized into successful exhibitions by his wife. Driben died in 1968, Louise in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19920249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920249" title="Dana Lixenberg">
Dana Lixenberg

Dana Lixenberg (b. 1964, Amsterdam) is a Dutch photographer.
Lixenberg originally went to New York to become an au pair and then discovered photography at a night school class. She decided to study photography at the Gerrit Rietveld Academy and the London College of Printing, returning to live and work in New York in 1990.
Her breakthrough in the U.S. came in 1993, when her quintessential photographs of residents in the Watts section of Los Angeles, published in "Vrij Nederland", caught the attention of New York's "Vibe" magazine.
Lixenberg’s trademark is a 4x5 camera and tripod. She enjoys illustrating contrast in her work and portraying people in pure form. Lixenberg photographs people from all social classes, as her 2001 book United States illustrates. In addition to ordinary people, Lixenberg has photographed a number of American celebrities, including Prince and Whitney Houston.
Lixenberg is also a film director and directed the Dutch singer Anouk’s 2005 video ‘One Word’.

</doc>
<doc id="19920256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920256" title="AutoMan">
AutoMan

AutoMan is a series of software implementations used both for job scheduling and console operations automation for z/OS. These implementations range from simple scheduling to complex cross systems, monitoring and scheduling.
Design philosophy.
The idea behind AutoMan is that a user should have minimum automation software at any given time. These software may be flexible enough to be upgraded according to the needs of the user. AutoMan implements the high level programming language, so that users can make automated decisions at any step of the process. The GAL implementation in AutoMan allows the user to insert high-level language-interpreted code into exit points in the operating systems process.
As an example, AutoMan enables one to name a day or date, and schedule a task in relation to the date given. E.g. if a task is needed "at 9 A.M. on the day after Independence Day", Automan would, in America, define this as the day following American Independence Day, the 5th of July, and schedule the event for that day. However, if the following day would fall on a weekend, Automan would adjust the scheduling of the task to fall on the next work day).
While there are a number of other software products that provide either job scheduling or event automation services, Automan is distinguished by three services that are not provided by any other software. These are as follows: 
Because only one language is handling all events and schedules, text being output to a device can be altered after it has been written by an application but before it is printed. Although this function is most often used to send email or pager alerts when certain text is detected in the logging files, there is a danger that unscrupulous or dishonest users could use it to alter the content of reports or documents after they have been created but prior to output.

</doc>
<doc id="19920264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920264" title="Mansour Eid">
Mansour Eid

Mansour Eid () (1944 - 2013 ) is a Lebanese writer, novelist, researcher and poet. 
Biography.
Mansour Eid was born in Bteddine El Loqch, a village of the Jezzine district in southern Lebanon in 1944. He completed his secondary studies in Our Lady of Mashmoushe School. He received a degree in philosophical and social studies from Arab Beirut University and a degree in Arabic Literature from the Lebanese University and a PHD degree in Arabic Literature from Saint Joseph University. 
As of year 1965 and until his death in 2013, he taught Arabic language and literature as well as Philosophy in a number of Lebanese schools. He has been also the Chairperson of the Social and Behavioral Sciences Department at Notre Dame University - Louaize as well as an Arabic instructor.
His early works mainly consisted of short stories, but then diversified into essays, research and novels (starting with "The Phoenix Bird" in 1998). Two of his major research works concerned the Lebanese writers, Boulos Salameh, and Emily Nasrallah.
He also wrote a collection of poems, ("The Vineyards’ Melodies") which has won the "Said Fayad Literary Prize" in year 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19920276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920276" title="Up from the Beach">
Up from the Beach

Up from the Beach is a 1965 French-American international co-production war film directed by Robert Parrish and starring Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons and James Robertson Justice. It was based on a 1959 novel by George Barr called "Epitaph for an Enemy".
Plot.
Following the Normandy landings at Omaha Beach, an American squad frees a group of French hostages but takes several casualties in an assault in Vierville-sur-Mer.
They capture a German officer who has treated the French in his jurisdiction with kindness, but the American sergeant discovers that no one on the busy beachhead wishes to be bothered with prisoners.
Production.
The film was filmed in Cherbourg with a French cast and was set in the aftermath of the Normandy Landings where a group of Allied soldiers attempt to shelter Frenchmen who faced execution by the Nazis. As the US Department of Defense did not cooperate with the film, the American soldiers were played by French soldiers.
Robert Parrish recalled that Darryl F. Zanuck made the film to use unused footage from "The Longest Day" with the film then marketed as a sequel. Cliff Robertson said he was given the Messerschmitt Bf 108 used in the film. Robertson claimed Zanuck wanted to make the film to showcase his girlfriend Irina Demick who had appeared in "The Longest Day". Robertson called the film "Up From the Bitch" Both Irina Demick and Red Buttons appeared in the original
"The Longest Day".
Oskar Werner was the first choice for the German officer eventually played by Marius Goring. Werner, a World War II Wehrmacht veteran refused on the ground that in his opinion no German officer of the time would have held such humane feelings as the officer portrayed in the film. 

</doc>
<doc id="19920277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920277" title="First Kill">
First Kill

First Kill is a 2001 Dutch documentary film that revolves around the psychology of war. Important turning points in the Vietnam War are used to illustrate the effect of war on body and mind. The documentary consists of interviews with Michael Herr and several Vietnam veterans. The depth of the interviews provides insight into the feelings that accompany violence, fear, hate, seduction and pleasure.
"First Kill" was directed by Coco Schrijber and produced by Lemming Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19920279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920279" title="Fleet Landing Exercises">
Fleet Landing Exercises

The Fleet Landing Exercises, or FLEX were amphibious landing exercises conducted by the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps between 1935 and 1941. The purpose of these exercises was to formulate a workable amphibious warfare doctrine. The development of the necessary craft and other equipment, and the proper tactical deployment of them were also results. Finally, the exercises demonstrated the usefulness of a standing body of Marines, the Fleet Marine Force, specially prepared for amphibious expeditions.
Origins.
The history of amphibious warfare predates Greek antiquity. In United States history, early in the Revolution, Colonial marines were used to conduct amphibious landings and raids such as the Battle of Nassau, and the Penobscot Expedition. Amphibious operations were mounted in the American Civil War, and also prominently in the Spanish American War. Though this history produced a system of landing procedures, the advent of the motor vehicle (the tank in particular) and the airplane required planners to think more critically about the feasibility of amphibious operations. 
In Panama, during the 1920s, the Marine Corps conducted a few modest experiments concerning modern amphibious warfare. At the beginning of the 1930s American defense policy shifted as the threat of the expansionist Japanese Empire became more apparent. The establishment of the Fleet Marine Force and greater concentration on the feasibility of amphibious assault were the direct result. Developing the ability to capture Japanese held islands during a Pacific war against Japan was a vital part of US war contingency plans; War Plan Orange. It was not until these contingency plans described the necessity of amphibious capability that testing key maneuvers in amphibious landings was funded.
History.
After the First World War and until the mid-1930s, appropriations for the United States Navy were small. Ships fitted as troop transports were not priorities for the Navy in fact or in theory, so as a stop-gap measure the responsibility fell to battleships and cruisers to lift Marine landing forces. As a consequence of the standard davits on Navy ships, a length of 30’, the spacing of the davits fitted to these ships, and a weight of 5 tons (the maximum capacity of the davits) were imposed as basic requirements for all new landing craft 
Soon after the formation of the Fleet Marine Force, plans were made for training the FMF in landing operations in the Caribbean. The northwest peninsula of Culebra Island was chosen as the training area. The experimental problem used for the training involved a landing attack by the Fleet Marine Force embarked on Navy vessels moving from ship to shore in ship’s boats and cutters. The Training Squadron consisted of the battleships "Arkansas", "Wyoming", and a destroyer squadron. In December 1934, a conference between Brigadier General C. H. Lyman of the Fleet Marine Force and Admiral C. S. Freeman was held aboard the flagship "Trenton" at St. Petersburg. Florida, to develop plans. The Marine contribution to the exercise included the 1st Marine Brigade, stationed at Quantico, composed of two infantry battalions, an artillery battery from the 10th Marine Regiment, and small engineer and service units.
FLEX 1.
The first of the exercises started 15 January on the beaches of Culebra and Vieques until March 15 in 1935. The lift was provided by 18 ships' boats and one dumb barge artillery lighter. Fleet Landing Exercise Number 1 tested a series of theoretical and practical assumptions collected by the United States Marine Corps and Navy that soon became "Tentative Landing Operations Manual" of 1935. The exercises included landings, naval gunfire experiments, and the use of aviation in landing operations. Aircraft conducted aerial reconnaissance and bombardment sorties. The Caribbean fleet tested a range of weapons while the Marines moving from ship-to-shore employed machine guns, 81-mm mortars, and the 75-mm pack howitzers against beach targets. Due to the mixed results experienced with the boats used in the exercise, the Marines concluded that landing boat design needed to be improved. In one of the experiments, a boat was successfully covered in a protective smoke screen, but this caused the landing party to immediately halt, and the waves broke up the unit, while many boats lost their way to the beachhead. While the landing parties were ashore, the Navy held naval gunfire tests to assess the effects of different shells and fuses. These test concluded that area suppressing fire was far better than attempting pin-point bombardment. However, many supporting fire practices, both by aircraft and warships, were strictly limited due to safety precautions for the Marines conducting maneuvers along the beach. The outcome of these exercises convinced the Marines that better landing craft and boats were needed, as well as more dependable communications equipment and techniques.
FLEX 2.
The Fleet Landing Exercise Number 2 was conducted from January 4 to February 24 in 1936 marking the beginning of the Culebra/Vieques Inner Range or the Culebra/Vieques Complex as it would be known until 1975 and the closing of the Culebra subranges. The amphibious exercises were transferred from Culebra’s Flamenco Beach to Vieques, and naval gunfire practice began on Flamenco Beach and on the adjacent Flamenco Point. The 1st Brigade had revealed many of the same mistakes seen in FLEX1 but encountered several new problems. The Marines needed to get closer to the beach and the battleships were not able to tread in shallow waters. As for the landing craft boats, the problem was still not resolved as they were slow and extremely vulnerable. In several testing of various boats, they found that they proved to highly unstable for gun platforms, dangerous in disembarking the troops and were incapable in crossing submerged coral reefs. The uses of smoke and darkness to conceal the beach landings were still causing confusion amongst the landing parties. While the artificial naval gunfire tests were being continued, the rapid area fire had made the aerial spotting difficult for the pilots. And still communications were a problems. However, the barrage-type bombardment met the approval for the Army Officer-Observers to reinforce a fundamentally sound doctrine. The Marine brigade gained tactical experience in the amphibious maneuvers ashore but the FLEX 2 had not made any significant breakthroughs in fixing the problems encountered during FLEX1.
FLEX 3.
The Fleet Landing Exercise Number 3 was conducted on San Clemente, California from January 26 to March 3, 1937, in agreement with U.S. Attack Force Operation Plans 1-37 and 2-37. The 1st Marine Brigade was transferred to San Diego for the exercise and was absorbed by the small-sized 2nd Marine Brigade; the whole Fleet Marine Force. Also present were the understrength provisional Army 1st Expeditionary Brigade. And once again, the testing problems of previous exercises presented themselves. The heavy California surf proved the landing boats were infeasible for beach landings; the Navy coxswains disembarked their troops too far from the beach, broached their boats, or dispersed the concentration of the landing in scouting out better, safer landing spots. After five standard-type naval boats foundered in four-foot surf, efforts to adapt these were ended. They were criticized for lacking speed and maneuverability and being difficult to handle in surf. The experience proved conclusively that a specially designed landing boat with superior power, maneuverability, protection and surf-riding qualities was vital for landing operations. Smoke and darkness continued to present problems as in earlier tests. Bombardment tests were extensive but the spotting techniques, ordnance, and communications used remained unsatisfactory. The only significant improvements for the landing forces were the new Army Radios that were highly effective for communications and the Marine pack howitzer batteries showing that they could deploy on the shore efficiently. Plus, they learned that aerial attacks had to be made at certain right angles to the direction of the attack to avoid friendly fire. The pilots however argued that they lacked the special-type of attack aircraft and the proper air-ground communications before they were to gain precision in strafing and bombing. Two aircraft squadrons, from Quantico, VA. and North Island, composed of the VF, VO, VB, and VJ aircraft. Also, FLEX 3 was the first time cargo nets used for embarking troops to the landing boats. The method proved a success, but as in the past, other Marines were loaded into boats at the rail before lowering.
The origins of the destroyer-transports, or APDs were not widely known at that time until it was first mentioned in an after action report when Brigadier General James J. Meade suggested destroyers might solve the dual problem of a shortage of amphibious transports and naval gunfire support. With such ships "troops could move quickly close into shore and disembark under protection of the ships' guns." The Navy apparently agreed and decided to experiment with one of its flush-deck, four-stack destroyers. It had built a large number of these during World War I and most were now in obsolete compared to the battleships that were being used as troop transports during those times. And he further concluded that the battleships can be pressed on to other naval missions instead of being relied for troop transportation. Although the APD provided lesser carrying capacity and limited ability in carrying landing crafts and heavy equipment. Of these various naval elements of APDs, the Navy detached Battleship Division One including the , , and had added. The , which was reconfigured as a mobile aerial bombing target. The total amphibious landing force was composed of approximately 4,700 Army and Marine Corps personnel. While firing a scheduled secondary battery practice on board the "USS Wyoming" on the last day of the exercises at San Clemente Island, an explosion occurred in the #13 5-inch gun mount, killing one officer and six enlisted personnel. Thirteen other personnel were injured in the blast.
FLEX 4.
The Fleet Landing Exercise Number 4 was held from January 13 to March 15 in 1938. The Fleet Marine Force returned to the Caribbean to avoid any Japanese observation. The tests were conducted on the beaches of Vieques and the main island of Puerto Rico. During these exercises, three Army National Guard regiments participated by "defending" ashore while the Marines of the 1st Brigade attempted a "mock" assault against them. It was the first time that reconnaissance elements were added to the amphibious assault, reflecting the reconnaissance doctrine outlined in the Fleet Training Publication 167. The Army's contribution climbed to three infantry regiments with supporting arms and brigade alternated in the part of landing force and shoreline defender. Brigadier General James Roosevelt, eldest son of the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who as a Lieutenant Colonel was in the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty aboard the during one of the reconnaissance patrols and experiments with raiding and patrolling parties. These raiding and patrolling parties would lay the ground work for the Marine Raider Bn. 1st Marine Brigade tested the concept of delivering 4-man patrols by submarines. The exercise missions were a mixed success at Vieques and Puerto Rico when two patrols were captured, but it was realized that with experience and refinement the concept held promise.
The Vieques Phase, three patrols of one Army and two Marines with four men each were assigned by Rear Admiral A. W. Johnson, Commander of the Attack Force, in reaching the beach under the cover of darkness by inflatable rafts. They launched from submarines , and with intentions of conducting a reconnaissance ashore and return to the submarines the following night at certain appointed rendezvous. Four Marines from the Headquarters Company of the 1st Brigade marked the first amphibious reconnaissance patrol launching from a submarine by raft in United States history. Those four Marines reported aboard "S-47" but was unsuccessful in locating the beach on Vieques.
The Puerto Rico Phase in the reconnaissance landing was however quite different. After sunset in the darkness, the submerged submarines navigated to within the shoreline, following channels until it was able to reach within from the beach of Ponce Playa. This made it easy to discharge the patrols successfully to reach the beachhead without detection from the "enemy" zone of the Army National Guard. Although one was subsequently captured at the night of the landing.
It was again concluded that the landing force of the main landing parties were still in dispute over the landing craft. Modified fishing craft were tested and, although superior to standard naval boats in beaching and speed, their exposed rudders and screws were wont to dig in during retracting from the beach. The tests in reconnaissance added that small, inflatable air rafts were feasible in transporting reconnaissance teams onto the beaches. However, both the landing teams and recon teams agreed that communications was still a major obstacle in achieving the total success of the Fleet Landing Exercises. Means of communications were important to transmit information quickly and not waiting for it to be relayed once the troops had landed for it to be available for those who would need it.
FLEX 5.
The Fleet Landing Exercise Number 5 commenced on January through March in 1938 and 1939 on the islands of Culebra and Vieques. These exercises again were only Navy-Marine Corps cooperation as the army no longer participated. The Marine Corps successfully landed amphibious reconnaissance patrols on Vieques when two such patrols disembarked from the during exercises from 13 January to 13 March 1939. The Navy reclassified "Manley" as a miscellaneous auxiliary (AG 28). After a few weeks of hasty work in the New York Navy Yard, the ship served as a transport for Marine units in the Caribbean. In the fall of 1939 "Manley" went back into the yards for a more extensive conversion. Workers removed all torpedo tubes, one gun, two boilers, and their smokestacks thus creating a hold amidships for cargo and troops. Again, the Navy reclassified the "Manley" to a destroyer-transport class, "APD-1". The Chief of Naval Operations made conversion a priority so the ship would be available for FLEX 6 in early 1940.
The inserted reconnaissance patrols would deflate their experimental rubber boats upon reaching the shore and re-inflate to rendezvous with the awaiting submarine at a predestined point. As for the Marine assault teams they found that getting their equipment to the beachhead during an amphibious landing was a strenuous task and extremely difficult with the existing landing craft. Most of the landing boats were incapable in hauling amphibious tractors, artillery and other important supplies necessary for properly establishing an advanced base. The Marines requested the Bureau of Construction and Repair to design and build feasible landing craft, but to no avail. Soon the Marines began to express interest in a variety of different commercially produced boats. Of all these tested, the Higgins' boats became the best choice. 
When tested during FLEX 5 by the Navy and Marine Corps, Higgins' Eureka boat surpassed the performance of the Navy-design. Although the drawback was that the equipment had to be unloaded, and men disembarked, over the bow or sides, thus exposing them to enemy fire in a combat situation. They requested that the boat have retractable hinged door at its bow-replacing the machine gun mounts; and it was adopted as the standard personnel landing craft, the Landing Craft Personnel (LCP(L)) by 1940.
FLEX 6.
Fleet Landing Exercise Number Six was the first wartime exercise in amphibious training in 1940-1941. It became clear that the Navy and Marine Corps was in dire need for amphibious transports larger than destroyers as the 1st Brigade could barely send two thousand Marines to land in the Caribbean and only adequate experimental landing craft were provided. Landing craft included two tank lighters, two artillery lighters, twenty-five special landing craft, of which twelve were the Bureau type, and eight landing skiffs. Comparative tests showed the Higgins Eureka landing craft, the 45-foot tank lighters, and rubber boats to have been the best adapted to landing operations. As a partial response to this problem, H.M. Smith seized the newly developed destroyer-transport. During FLEX 6, his plan called for the to land Company A, 1st Battalion, 5th Marines via rubber boats during the night, at H-minus three hours, at a point away from the primary assault beach. This force would advance inland, seize key terrain dominating the proposed beachhead, and thus protect the main landing from counter-attack. They were the first unit to use the revamped "Manley". On 23 February 1940 It used rubber boats to execute an assault landing against Culebra. In 1940, patrols were successfully infiltrating ashore and reporting information and became an accepted doctrine in amphibious reconnaissance.
FLEX 7.
A year later, during Fleet Landing Exercise Number 7, Smith had three destroyer-transports. He designated the three companies of the 7th Marines embarked on these ships as the Mobile Landing Group. During the exercise these units again made night landings, either to protect the main assault, or conducted diversionary attacks.
The 1st Marine Division was one of the first two division-sized units formed by the Corps. It was established in February 1941 aboard the in Cuba around the nucleus of the First Marine Brigade. The Division's first commander was the amphibious expert, Brigadier General Holland M. Smith. There is no record of an activation ceremony since the division was deeply involved the preparations for FLEX 7. This was the last fleet landing exercise before the United States became a combatant in the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19920286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920286" title="Lee Byung-woo">
Lee Byung-woo

Lee Byung-woo (born 22 January 1965) is a South Korean guitarist and composer of film scores. He has composed music for more than twenty films, including the segment "Memories" in "Three" (2002), "A Tale of Two Sisters" (2003), "All for Love" (2005), "The Host" (2006) and "Mother" (2009).
Lee's music for "A Tale of Two Sisters" was described by "OhmyNews" as "one of the best film scores ever composed for a Korean film". He won Best Music at the 2004 Shanghai International Film Festival for "Untold Scandal", and in 2006 his score for "The King and the Clown" won the same accolade at the Blue Dragon Film Awards. In 2007, Lee received a further Best Music nomination at the 44th Grand Bell Awards for "For Horowitz".

</doc>
<doc id="19920291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920291" title="Podlasie (disambiguation)">
Podlasie (disambiguation)

Podlasie is a region in north-east Poland.
Podlasie may also refer to the following villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19920314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920314" title="Atheist Bus Campaign">
Atheist Bus Campaign

The Atheist Bus Campaign aims to place "peaceful and upbeat" messages about atheism on transport media in Britain, in response to evangelical Christian advertising.
It was created by comedy writer Ariane Sherine and launched on 21 October 2008, with official support from the British Humanist Association and Richard Dawkins. The campaign's original goal was to raise £5,500 to run 30 buses across London for four weeks early in 2009 with the slogan: "There’s probably no God. Now stop worrying and enjoy your life".
Richard Dawkins, author of "The God Delusion", agreed to match all donations up to a maximum of £5,500, providing a total of £11,000 if the full amount were to be raised. The campaign reached that target by 10:06AM on 21 October and had raised £100,000 by the evening of 24 October. The campaign closed on 11 April 2009, having raised a total of £153,523.51.
The first buses started running on 6 January 2009 – 800 are running around the whole of the UK and it is also planned to place 1,000 adverts on the London Underground featuring quotations from famous atheists. Subsequently, two large LCD screens were placed on Oxford Street, central London.
Initial proposal.
Sherine first proposed the campaign in June 2008 in a guardian.co.uk Comment is Free blog post, "Atheists – gimme five" in the "Guardian". She expressed her frustration that the Christian organisation JesusSaid.org was allowed to use bus advertising to promote the web address of a website which said that all non-Christians would burn in hell for all eternity. Sherine called on atheists to counter this kind of evangelical advertising by donating five pounds towards a positive philosophical advert. Her idea was taken up by political blogger Jon Worth, who went on to set up a PledgeBank page. The PledgeBank page closed on 31 July 2008, having received 877 of the 4,679 pledges necessary for the original target of £23,400. This event attracted some limited comment in the mainstream media early in August. Sherine then wrote a follow-up Comment is free article, "Dawkin 'bout a Revolution", detailing events since the original piece. In response, the British Humanist Association offered to lend the campaign its official support and undertook to administer all donations. Sherine then asked Richard Dawkins for a quote for the campaign, at which point he offered to match the first £5,500 raised.
History of the campaign.
The Atheist Bus Campaign's donation phase launched on Tuesday 21 October 2008 with another article by Sherine, "All aboard the atheist bus campaign", on Comment is free. To the surprise of the organisers the fundraising target was broken within hours of the launch, raising almost £48,000 by the end of day one.
After four days the campaign had raised more than £100,000. There have been donations to the Justgiving page every day since the campaign's launch, and by 9 January 2009 the total had surpassed £140,000. The BHA has reported a flood of interest in its activities and the Atheist Bus Campaign Facebook group has been growing rapidly since the launch. Many atheists feel the campaign has given them a voice and represented them in a way they have long hoped for.
The story attracted widespread media attention around the world. Writing in The Times, Joan Bakewell observed that "Not since Going to Work on an Egg has an advertising initiative made such an impact, and for so little cost."
There has been some opposition to the adverts. By 21 January 2009 the ASA had received 326 complaints about the bus adverts, including a complaint from Stephen Green of Christian Voice (UK) who said "It is given as a statement of fact and that means it must be capable of substantiation if it is not to break the rules." Hanne Stinson of the BHA has suggested that if the ASA rule on this complaint, then the ASA will be ruling on whether God exists.
On 21 January the ASA ruled that the adverts were not in breach of its rules as the advert "was an expression of the advertiser’s opinion" and was incapable of substantiation. They also claimed that although the advert was contrary to many people's beliefs, it would not generate "serious or widespread offence". By the end of the year, the ASA had received 392 complaints about the adverts.
The campaign has also received criticism from leading clergy including George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury, and Peter Price, the current Bishop of Bath and Wells, who said "the campaign lacked both judgement and a sense of reality."
In Southampton, a bus driver refused to drive a bus displaying the advert. His employers, First Bus, undertook to find him another bus to drive.
Canadian author, Margaret Atwood, has said of the campaign: "That’s religion! Once you’re paying money to put slogans on things, well it’s either a product you’re selling, a political party or religion".
Notable donors.
Television critic Charlie Brooker was the fourth person to donate to the campaign, giving £100 with the comment "I hope to God this helps". The poet and musician Labi Siffre donated £1000 on 22 October 2008 with the verse, "As God knew / What Judas would do / In the final accounting / Who betrayed who?". Philosopher AC Grayling donated £500, while writer Zoe Margolis donated with the comment "About time the rational voices were heard too". Richard Dawkins donated the most of any celebrity with £5,500, but even his donation has been eclipsed by that of an unknown donor called Simon Bishop, who has given £20,000 to the campaign. The campaign is also supported by Matthew Parris. Additionally, Paul Woolley, the director of Christian think tank Theos, and a close associate of the Archbishop of Canterbury, has donated £50 as he thinks the campaign is a "great way to get people thinking about God. The posters will encourage people to consider the most important question we will ever face in our lives." The Gay and Lesbian Humanist Association is a supporter of the Campaign.
"Probably".
The wording of the proposed advert caused considerable debate amongst atheists and Christians alike and Sherine discussed it in a post-launch article, "Probably the best atheist bus campaign ever", on the "Guardian's" "Comment Is Free" section. Dawkins stated that he preferred the wording "There is almost certainly no God". Ariane Sherine claims it is necessary to be factually accurate, and that as it is impossible to disprove the existence of God it is only possible to say one 'probably' does not exist. Critic D. J. Taylor felt that this qualification let the campaign down, but admired it for introducing some tentativeness into an often polarised debate, while atheists including A. C. Grayling think that they can be certain there is no God and therefore the word 'probably' should not be used. It was also suggested that inserting the word would avoid a breach of the Advertising Standards Authority's rules.
Don't Label Me campaign.
The final phase of the campaign challenged the idea that children should be labelled with their parents' religion. In November 2009, an ad appeared on billboards, not buses, in London, Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, displaying a young girl's picture with the caption "Please don't label me" followed by "Let me grow up and choose for myself". The background displays phrases ascribing various labels to the child—"Libertarian child", "Catholic child", "Sikh child", "Capitalist child", "Atheist child", "Protestant child", and so forth.
On November 21, 2009 it was reported in the Times and the Daily Telegraph that the children featured in the 'Don't Label Me' campaign were from an Evangelical Christian family. The British Humanist Association stated that the photographs had been sourced from a photographic agency website, and that it was unaware of the religious background of the models.
Follow up works.
In addition, Atheist Bus Campaign donors have raised over £23,000 for the British Humanist Association's Inclusive Schools campaign.
Following publicity from the campaign, the BBC has agreed to allow a special version of "Thought for the Day". It will be presented as "Thought for the Afternoon", and will be the first programme of the series not presented by a figure from an established faith.
Partly in response to the campaign three different Christian groups have launched advertising campaigns. Slogans include, "There definitely is a God; so join the Christian Party and enjoy your life."; "The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God.", a quote from Psalm 14; and "There IS a God, BELIEVE. Don't worry and enjoy your life." The Christian Party's adverts were the most-complained about of 2009, with the ASA receiving 1,204 complaints regarding them.
When Richard Dawkins turned down a debate with Christian apologist William Lane Craig in 2011, adverts were placed in Oxford with a parody slogan “There’s probably no Dawkins. Now stop worrying and enjoy Oct 25th at the Sheldonian Theatre.” 
Bus adverts in other countries.
North America.
United States.
Influenced by the Atheist Bus Campaign, the American Humanist Association launched a bus campaign in Washington DC in November 2008 with the slogan "Why believe in a God? Just be good for goodness' sake." The Freedom From Religion Foundation had also launched a bus campaign in the United States, featuring buses with various quotations appearing during February and March 2009.
In February, a campaign formed in Bloomington, Indiana to run ads saying "You Can Be Good Without God" in various cities in the state of Indiana.
Significant attention and media coverage has been devoted to atheist roadside billboard campaigns, funded by various groups at the local level between 2008 and 2010.
Canada.
In February 2009, a nation-wide campaign was launched by the Freethought Association of Canada with Justin Trottier and Chris Hammond serving as spokespersons. The Toronto Transit Commission in Canada approved the advertisements on the commission's buses, trams, and metro and rapid transit trains, with the same message as the British adverts, and debuted in mid-February.
Following a request by the "Association humaniste du Québec", the "Société des transports de Montréal", Canada, accepted the proposed message ""Dieu n'existe probablement pas, alors cessez de vous inquiéter et profitez de la vie"", a translation of the original UK advert, and the bus should take to the road during March 2009. Secular Humanists and Free Thinkers in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and London have had their adverts refused. In Canada's capital city, Ottawa, the ads were initially refused, but the decision was ultimately overturned by Ottawa City Council and the ads will be permitted. In British Columbia, Vancouver, Victoria and Kelowna adverts were barred on the ground that no religious advertisement is allowed on buses.
The ads also ran in Calgary and eventually Halifax and Ottawa. The ads were initially rejected in both Halifax and Ottawa, but court cases overturned the bans.
South America.
Brazil.
On December 11, 2010 the Brazilian Association of Atheists and Agnostics (ATEA) also attempted to run a bus campaign with the slogan "Atheism – celebrate reason", but were prevented from doing so. ATEA was prevented from relaying on a bus in Salvador (Bahia) and Porto Alegre messages like "Religion does not define character" and "If God exists, everything is permitted".
The agency responsible for the ads in Salvador informed that they could not fulfill the contract for fear of a lawsuit by the state and the entrepreneur's bus.
In Porto Alegre, the association of passenger barred campaign as the argument that a city ordinance prevents the 'Busdoor' bears message with pornography, alcohol, religious events, among other topics. In the same city, with the same slogans, outdoors were placed. It is the first atheist campaign in Brazil.
Oceania.
Australia.
The Atheist Foundation of Australia also attempted to run a bus campaign with the slogan "Atheism – celebrate reason", but were prevented from doing so by advertising company APN Outdoor, Australia's largest outdoor advertiser, which refused to run the adverts.
In the state of Tasmania the government-owned bus company, Metro Tasmania, also rejected the ads, citing their precedent of blocking any controversial material. However, after conciliation before the office of the Anti-Discrimination Commissioner the ads are scheduled to appear in 2010.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, fund-raising was started in December 2009 for the NZ Atheist Bus Campaign, administered by the Humanist Society of New Zealand.
In just a couple of days, the original target of NZ$ 10000 was reached. A new doubled target of NZ$20000 was reached in under a week.
The organisers said this will provide signs for 12 buses in Auckland, eight in Wellington and four in Christchurch. However the advertisements were later rejected by several bus companies, notably NZ Bus leading the organisers to bring a claim of discrimination to the Human Rights Review Tribunal. The organisers later ran a billboard campaign in the three cities with some of the money raised for the bus campaign using three different slogans combined with the slogan used in the original United Kingdom campaign.
Europe.
Italy.
An atheist bus campaign promoted by the Italian Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics (UAAR) was due to start on 4 February 2009 in Genoa. The city was chosen on the occasion of the nomination of its archbishop, Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco, as president of the Italian Episcopal Conference (CEI). The slogan of the Italian campaign reads ""La cattiva notizia è che Dio non esiste. Quella buona è che non ne hai bisogno"", meaning "The bad news is that God does not exist. The good news is that you do not need him".
On 16 January 2009 IGPDecaux, the company holding licenses for ads on public transport in Genoa, refused to give authorization to the atheist bus campaign on the grounds that it may "offend the moral, civic and religious convictions of the public". Antonio Catricalà, the then head of the Italian National Authority for Fair Trading and Competition, announced that the Authority filed a case against the Atheist Bus initiative because of the potentially "dangerous and mendacious nature" of the ads. As a reaction, the UAAR launched a new campaign in Genoa with a different slogan to comply with the advertising authority's rules: "The good news is there are millions of atheists in Italy. The excellent news is they believe in freedom of expression".
Spain.
In Spain an advertising campaign has been launched with the slogan ""Probablemente Dios no existe. Deja de preocuparte y goza de la vida"", a direct translation of the British advert, on buses in Barcelona which started on 12 January. Madrid and Valencia will follow up at the end of January. This campaign has received criticism from Catholics.
Finland.
In Finland a similar campaign was announced on 16 March 2009 to run on buses in Finland in two of the country's largest cities, Helsinki and Tampere.
Germany.
The German Atheist Bus Campaign had problems finding a bus company which would run their ads and the official website states that they were rejected by 17 companies from all over Germany. Instead they decided to drive the bus themselves on a tour which covered 20 major German cities. On each stop the bus took people from the city on a sightseeing roundtrip with an emphasis on scientific and religious historical developments in respect to secularisation and atheism. This decision was met with mixed reactions from the supporters of the campaign who had originally hoped for a conventional advertising campaign which had succeeded in other countries.
Ireland.
The Humanist Association of Ireland ran a series of advertisements on Dublin commuter trains which they called the "Unbelievable Campaign". The campaign was to highlight that judges and the president have to take a religious oath, which effectively stops 250,000 people from taking these posts.
Sweden.
In Sweden, the Swedish Humanist Association ran ads in the Stockholm Metro during the summer of 2009 with the slogan ""Gud finns nog inte"", meaning "God probably does not exist" that were influenced by the British ads.
Russia.
In Russia in September 2010 activists of ""Общественное объединение по продвижению секуляризма в России"" decided to make the same campaign in Moscow. It is proposed the slogan ""По всей видимости Бога нет"" (There's probably no God). But clericals in the authorities prohibited it. After the activists were trying to get success via change the Campaign slogan on quotation from art.14 of Constitution of Russia "Russian Federation is a secular state", but clerical lobby prohibited this quotation also. Atheists were refused by Advertising Committee of Moscow, large advertising company News Outdoor (division of News Corporation of Rupert Murdoch) and small advertising agencies, city bus operator Mosgortrans, etc.". Now activists are collecting donations for ""Atheistmobile"" to ride in Moscow with Campaign slogan.
Extraordinary Claims Campaign.
In 2010, CFI Canada announced plans to put ads on Canadian buses with the phrase "Extraordinary Claims require Extraordinary Evidence". Below that phrase it lists Allah, bigfoot, UFOs, Homeopathy, Zeus, Psychics and Christ. To date, the bus campaign has not gone into action.

</doc>
<doc id="19920328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920328" title="2008 All-India Railway Recruitment Board examination attack">
2008 All-India Railway Recruitment Board examination attack

On 19 October 2008, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and Shiv Sena activists attacked North Indian candidates appearing for the all-India Railway Recruitment Board entrance exam for the Western region in Mumbai, India. The attacks invoked a quick reaction from Bihari members of the Union Government in Delhi, notably the Union Railways Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav and his cabinet colleague, Ram Vilas Paswan. The Chief Minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar spoke to his Maharashtra counterpart Vilasrao Deshmukh and urged him to provide protection to the migrants from Bihar. Lalu demanded a ban on the MNS, and described its chief Raj Thackeray as a "mental case".
Pawan Mahto, a resident of Bara-Khurd village in Nalanda district, Bihar died after being assaulted by MNS activists. However, railway police claimed, based on the CCTV footage, that Pawan had died due to an accident at Andheri station after slipping at a platform.
On 20 October 2008, Thackeray was arrested in Ratnagiri after Mumbai police had received a non-bailable warrant issued by a Jamshedpur court against the MNS chief.
Incident.
MNS (Maharashtra Navnirman Sena) and Shiv Sena activists attacked 13 railway board examination centres in suburban Mumbai to protest against “inadequate representation” of locals of Maharashtra in the above said exams. As Per MNS, locals i.e. Maharashtrians should be given priority over others as the railway posts were vacant in Maharastra. The applications received from most of the locals of Maharastra were rejected and if the same were accepted they were not provided with hall tickets. Moreover, the applications received from locals residing in Bihar were accepted and issued Hall Tickets to sit in the exam hall. Irked by such irresponsible behaviour of Railways, MNS workers entered the examination halls and vacated all the people of bihar and stopped them from giving the exams.
Violence.
Raj's arrest ignited violence by his supporters in large parts of the city forcing it to shut down. Irate supporters went on the rampage torching public transport and telling office goers to return home. Many shops and commercial establishments, especially those run or managed by non-Maharashtrians, chose not to open at all to avoid trouble. Raj, whose MNS workers Sunday attacked non Maharashtrians appearing for the railway board examination, was brought from Ratnagiri, about 250 km from here, to be produced at the Bandra court, where he was summoned for.
There was mayhem outside the court premises with large crowds gathering around restively and camera crews waiting to capture the trouble.[ In some places, buses, taxis and autorickshaws were set on fire, in others areas public transport just stayed off the roads. The office of the state Congress spokesperson Sanjay Nirupam was also vandalised.]
A North Indian shopkeeper was killed in Bhandup, Mumbai after he refused to shut down his shop when MNS activists protesting Raj's arrest forced him to do so. Four persons were killed and another seriously injured in a village near Kalyan. Deputy commissioner of police (rural) Sanjay Shintre said two North Indians, a member of the Agri community and an MNS worker were killed in a clash between the two communities in Pisavali, 10 km from Kalyan. Earlier, curfew had been imposed in the entire Kalyan area. The situation in Kalyan worsened in the evening as Raj was driven there to a police station lock-up where he was to spend the night before being presented in a court on 22 October. Five outdoor broadcast vans belonging to media houses were damaged by MNS supporters. A cameraman from ETV was injured and had to be admitted to a private hospital. One Kalyan-Dombivli municipal transport bus was set on fire while five bikes were reduced to ashes. Transport services across Kalyan were paralysed. A jewellery shop was also ransacked by MNS supporters. In all one hundred and twenty-five cases of arson, rioting and stonepelting were registered across the state, including in Pune and Marathwada, by early evening, and 2,085 people were arrested, state director general of police A N Roy said.
As news about the arrest spread, there was violence in other parts of Maharashtra too. Sporadic incidents of stone pelting at municipal and private buses were reported in the reat of Maharashtra following the arrest of MNS chief Raj Thackeray in Ratnagiri. In Kothrud area, some alleged MNS activists damaged a company's bus that was taking its employees to workplace. Few Pune Municipal Transport (PMT) buses were stoned by MNS activists, police said. Meanwhile, police have picked up around 100 MNS activists, including some corporators as a preventive measure. In Nashik, MNS activists set ablaze a truck near PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's farm and also damaged another truck at Vilholi-Phata area, police said. Incidents of stone pelting on MSRTC buses and other vehicles were reported in some areas, they said, adding vehicular traffic on the busy Mumbai-Agra-national highway was disrupted following the protest. Police rounded up 70 MNS activists in Nashik incidents and security was tightened in the city. In Solapur, incidents of stone pelting on state transport buses were also reported. In Nagpur MNS party leaders claimed to have damaged several MSRTC buses.
Protests.
Shivananda Tiwari, Rajya Sabha MP and JD-U national general secretary, blaming the Bihar state government for the reactionary violence in Bihar by the agitated youths and said,"This reaction is out of frustration and is totally spontaneous. People are very angry at the treatment meted out to the state youths in Maharashtra.". Various cases were filed in Bihar and Jharkhand against Raj Thackeray for assaulting the students. A murder case was also filed by Jagdish Prasad, father of Pawan Kumar, who was allegedly killed by MNS activists in Mumbai. Mumbai police, however, claimed it to be a case of accident. Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar announced a compensation of Rs 1,50,000 to Pawan's family. Bihar state Congress chief, Anil Kumar Sharma, has demanded enactment of an Act by Parliament for closing opportunities to any political party or organisation that indulge in obscurantism and raise such narrow, chauvinistic issues based on caste, religion and regionalism to capture power.
Bihar.
Angry students in various parts of Bihar damaged railway property and disrupted train traffic, as protests continued against assaults on north Indians by MNS activists in Mumbai. The police said the protesters targeted Patna, Jehanabad, Barh, Khusrupur, Sasaram and Purnia railway stations in the morning. The protesting students reportedly set afire two AC bogies of an express train at Barh railway station. They ransacked Jehanabad, Barh, Purnia and Sasaram railway stations. According to the railway police, at least 10 students were detained in the morning and extra security was deployed to control the situation.
Noted Physician Dr Diwakar Tejaswi observed a day-long fast in Patna to protest against repeated violence by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray and his goons against the north Indians.
Various student organisations gave a call for Bihar shutdown on 25 Oct 2008 to protest attacks on north Indian candidates by Maharashtra Navnirnam Sena activists during a Railway recruitment examination in Mumbai.
During the anti-MNS agitation a group of 63 tourists, of which many were Marathis, were on a tour of sacred Buddhist sites. The tourists found themselves stranded on the outskirts of Patna as riots broke out. The Marathis in the group were forced to hide their identity for fear of attacks. The group avoided speaking in Marathi, and woman wore saris in the north Indian rather than the Marathi style. For security, the group had to escorted by 25 policeman to the station. The tourists reached Nagpur safely.
Uttar Pradesh.
A group of 25 people pelted stones on the Maharashtra Bhawan in Khalasi Line, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Constructed in 1928, the building is owned by the lone trust run by Marathis in Kanpur. Over the years, it has served as an important venue for prominent festivals, including Ganesh Utsav and Krishna Janmastami.
Delhi.
A group of 20 youths, from Bihar, attacked Maharashtra Sadan in the capital on 3 November. The Rashtrawadi Sena has claimed responsibility for the attack. They ransacked the reception of the building and raised slogans against Raj Thackeray.
Jharkhand.
After the October 2008 anti-Bihari attacks in Maharashtra, members of the Bharatiya Bhojpuri Sangh (BBS) vandalized the official residence of Tata Motors, Jamshedpur plant head S.B. Borwankar, a Maharashtrian. Armed with lathis and hockey sticks, more than 100 BBS members trooped to Borwankar’s Nildih Road bungalow around 3.30pm. Shouting anti-MNS slogans, they smashed windowpanes and broke flowerpots. BBS president Anand Bihari Dubey called the attack on Borwankar’s residence unfortunate, and said that he knew BBS members were angry after the attack in Maharashtra on Biharis, but did not expect a reaction. Fear of further violence gripped the 4,000-odd Maharashtrian settlers living in and around the city.
Political reactions.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh admitted that his government was responsible for failure in preventing the attacks by MNS on north Indian candidates at Railways examination centres and ordered a probe into the incident, which will also enquire into why the job advertisements where not given in Marathi newspapers. "What has happened is not good. Such incidents take place because of loopholes in the law. One can't hold only the Home Ministry responsible for it, it is (entire) government's responsibility. Such incidents are affecting the image of the state and I have instructed the DGP to take stern action," Deshmukh said. However, powerful Congress leader Narayan Rane, wrote a piece in the 23 October 2008, issue of `Prahar', in a city newspaper he owns, pleading that Marathis should get their legitimate share in the central government sector. The Times of India noted, the essay indicates that Rane continues to have a soft spot for MNS chief Raj Thackeray – the two were close friends when Rane was in the Sena. Stating that the Marathis were getting a raw deal in central government jobs such as income tax and the railways, Rane said it was perplexing that of 54,000, only 54 Marathis were summoned for the railway recruitment exams. The railways must give Marathis their legitimate share in employment, Rane said.
Political parties condemned the attack by MNS activists on north Indian candidates who had come to appear in railway board exam in the city. "Strict action should be taken on MNS activists for the attack," said Bihari origin Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam. Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh said his government will not tolerate Raj Thackeray's party. NCP spokesperson Gurunath Kulkarni also demanded harsh action against the activists. "I condemned the attack by MNS activists. They are not doing any good for Marathi people but spoiling the name of Maharashtra," Kulkarni said.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar demanded action against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists and full security to students. Nitish Kumar requested Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh intervention. Kumar directed the additional director general of police to contact senior police officials in Maharashtra and compile a report on Sunday's incident and asked the home commissioner to hold talks with the Maharashtra home secretary to seek protection for people from Bihar. 
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar demanded action against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists and full security to students. Nitish Kumar requested Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh intervention. Kumar directed the additional director general of police to contact senior police officials in Maharashtra and compile a report on Sunday's incident and asked the home commissioner to hold talks with the Maharashtra home secretary to seek protection for people from Bihar. He said: "I expect the Maharashtra government to act tough and protect our students."
Others have also chimed in saying:
Similar attack.
In 2003, the Shiv Sena alleged that of the 500 Maharashtrian candidates, only ten of them successful in the Railways exams. 90 per cent of the successful candidates were alleged to be from Bihar. Activists from the Shiv Sena ransacked a railway recruitment office in protest against non-Marathi's being among the 650,000 candidates set to compete for 2,200 railway jobs in the state. Eventually, after attacks on Biharis heading towards Mumbai for exams, the central government delayed the exams.

</doc>
<doc id="19920332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920332" title="Dinesh Paliwal">
Dinesh Paliwal

Dinesh C. Paliwal (born 17 December 1957 in Agra, India) is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Harman International – a leading provider of premium audio and infotainment systems for the automotive, consumer and professional markets.
Dinesh, a US citizen, has lived and worked in Australia, China, India, Singapore, Switzerland, and the United States. Before joining Harman he worked at the ABB Group as President Global Markets and Technology. During his 22 years with ABB, he held management positions in five countries and was instrumental in the company’s dramatic turnaround during the period 2002–2007.
In addition to the Harman board, Dinesh serves as a member of the Trilateral Commission established to foster closer cooperation among the US, Europe and Japan. He has served on the board for Embarq Corporation (NYSE:EQ) and is a member of the Business Roundtable based in Washington, DC. He has served previously as Chairman of the National Foreign Trade Council, ABB India Ltd., Lummus Global (an oil and gas technology company) and as a Director for the US China Business Council, US India Business Council, and International Swimming Hall of Fame. He also served for three years as Economic Advisor to the Governor of Guangdong Province, China.
In 2010, Paliwal was named Metro New York Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst and Young, and received the Indian American Achiever Award by the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO). He received the Pinnacle Award as one of the Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business 2012 by Asian American Business Development Center.
Early life.
Dinesh Paliwal’s father, Ram Chandra Paliwal, was a nationally renowned social leader who worked closely with Mahatma Gandhi and other leaders in India’s freedom movement . He obtained an engineering degree with merit from the University of Roorkee (now renamed as the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee), India. He was later awarded a full scholarship to pursue advanced degrees in Engineering and Management at Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19920340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920340" title="Daryl Veltman">
Daryl Veltman

Daryl Veltman (born September 25, 1985) is a Canadian lacrosse player. He is currently a member of the Calgary Roughnecks in the National Lacrosse League.
High School/College career.
Veltman attended the Connecticut college-preparatory Salisbury School, before enrolling at Hobart and William Smith Colleges. Veltman played collegiate lacrosse for the Hobart College Statesmen. As a freshman in 2005, he was honored by the ECAC Lacrosse League as "Rookie of the Year." During his freshman season, Veltman led his team in scoring. In all three subsequent seasons, he would continue his team's leading scorer. Veltman was recognized by the conference with ALL-ECAC team honors three times, including first team recognition as a senior.
Canadian Box career.
Junior.
Veltman played junior box lacrosse in the Ontario Lacrosse Association. From 2000 to 2002, Veltman was a member of the Halton Hills Bulldogs in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League. In 2002, he was named his conference's Most Valuable Player. From 2003 to 2006 he played Junior A lacrosse with the Orangeville Northmen. In 2005, he led the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League in scoring with a career high 102 points.
Senior.
After some controversy about transferring provinces within the Canadian Lacrosse Association, Veltman moved west to British Columbia and joined the Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association in 2007. During his rookie season, Veltmen helped the Adanacs to a league championship and their first Mann Cup appearance since 2001.
Professional career.
Veltman was selected with the first overall pick by the expansion Boston Blazers of the National Lacrosse League in the 2008 NLL Entry Draft. In his rookie season, Veltman was named Rookie of the Week twice, and was also named Rookie of the Month for both January and February.
Veltman is the nephew of Jim Veltman, former Toronto Rock captain and current Rock advisor and National Lacrosse League all-time loose-ball leader.
International career.
In 2003, he represented Team Canada at the Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships, helping his team win the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19920343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920343" title="Simultaneous action selection">
Simultaneous action selection

Simultaneous action selection, or SAS, is a game mechanic that occurs when players of a game take action (such as moving their pieces) at the same time. An example of a game that uses this type of movement is Diplomacy. Typically, a "secret yet binding" method of committing to one's move is necessary, so that as players' moves are revealed and implemented, others do not change their moves in light of the new information. Thus, in Diplomacy, players write down their moves and then reveal them simultaneously. Because no player gets the first move, this potentially arbitrary source of advantage is not present. It is also possible for simultaneous movement games to proceed relatively quickly, because players are acting at the same time, rather than waiting for their turn. Simultaneous action selection is easily implemented in card games such as Apples to Apples in which players simply select cards and throw them face-down into the center.
Some games do not lend themselves to simultaneous movement, because one player's move may be prevented by the other player's. For instance, in chess, a move of bishop takes queen would be incompatible with a simultaneous opposing move of queen takes bishop. By contrast, simultaneous movement is possible in Junta because each coup phase has a movement stage and a separate combat stage; no units are removed until all have had a chance to move. It has been noted that "a certain amount of reverse psychology and reverse-reverse psychology ensues" as players attempt to calculate the implications of others' potential actions. Junta also has simultaneous action selection in that players secretly choose their locations at the same time. This is important in that, for instance, a player plotting an assassination may choose the bank for his or her own location (hoping to quickly deposit the ill-gotten gains) before finding out whether the location of his or her assassination was on the mark.
It has been noted that in games with simultaneous movement, the mathematical combinations are staggering: "Unlike chess, which has 20 possible opening moves, seven player Diplomacy, with its 'simultaneous' movement, has over four quadrillion possible opening moves."
Simultaneous action selection is used in many real-world applications such as first-price sealed-bid auctions. The fact that no bidder knows what others are planning to bid may provide an incentive to bid high if there is a strong desire to win the auction, which can result in much higher winning bids than if better information were available. The prisoner's dilemma is another classic example of simultaneous action selection. SAS can also be used to introduce an element of chance, as when rock-paper-scissors is used to decide a matter.

</doc>
<doc id="19920352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920352" title="List of libertarian organizations">
List of libertarian organizations

This is a list of libertarian organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19920357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920357" title="Ravin v. State">
Ravin v. State

Ravin v. State, 537 P.2d 494 (Alaska 1975), was a 1975 decision by the Alaska Supreme Court that held the Alaska Constitution's right to privacy protects an adult's ability to use and possess a small amount of marijuana in the home for personal use. The Alaska Supreme Court thereby became the first—and only—state or federal court to announce a constitutional privacy right that protects some level of marijuana use and possession.
History.
It was brought about by Irwin Ravin, an attorney who deliberately got arrested in Anchorage for refusing to sign a traffic ticket while in possession of marijuana in order to challenge the existing law.
The court ruled:
Subsequent law.
Alaskan voters approved a ballot initiative recriminalizing marijuana possession in 1990, but in "Noy v. State", the Alaska Court of Appeals held that ballot iniatives are subject to the same constitutional limitations as legislative enactments, and thus the portion of the amended statutes criminalizing possession of less than four ounces of marijuana in the home was unconstitutional. In June 2006, the Alaska Legislature amended the law to prohibit the possession of less than one ounce of marijuana and to make possession of more than one ounce of marijuana a class A misdemeanor. As of November 2009, Alaskan courts have not considered the constitutionality of this statute.

</doc>
<doc id="19920359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920359" title="Marijuana (word)">
Marijuana (word)

"Marijuana", or "marihuana", etc., is a name for the "Cannabis" plant, and for a cannabis drug preparation made from it. The form "marihuana" is first attested in Mexican Spanish; it then spread to other varieties of Spanish and to English, French, and other languages.
Etymology.
The term, originally spelled variously as "marihuana", "mariguana", etc., originated in Mexican Spanish. The ultimate derivation is unknown. According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", it may come from the Nahuatl "mallihuan", meaning prisoner. Author Martin Booth notes that this etymology was popularized by Harry J. Anslinger in the 1930s, during his campaigns against the drug. However, linguist Jason D. Haugen finds no semantic basis for a connection to "mallihuan", suggesting that the phonetic similarity may be "a case of accidental homophony". 
Additionally, traditional association with the personal name María Juana ("Mary Jane") is probably a folk etymology. The original Mexican Spanish used forms with the letter 'h' ("marihuana"). Forms using the letter 'j' ("marijuana") seem to be an innovation of English, though they later appeared in French and in Spanish, probably due to English influence.
English use.
The word entered into English usage in the late 19th century. According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", the first known appearance of a form of the word in that language is in Hubert Howe Bancroft's 1873 "The Native Races of the Pacific States of North America". Other early variants include "marihuma" first recorded in 1905, "marihuano" in 1912, and "marahuana" in 1914. Through the early 20th century, however, both the drug and the plant were more commonly known as "cannabis" or "hemp". "Marihuana"'s currency in American English increased dramatically in the 1930s, when it was preferred as an exotic-sounding alternative name during the debates of the drug's use. It has been suggested that it was promoted by opponents of the drug, who wanted to stigmatize it with a "foreign-sounding name".
Some references prefer the term "cannabis", for instance in the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. Laws in the United States, such as the Controlled Substances Act, often use the term "marihuana" or "marijuana," and many cannabis reform organizations in the U.S., such as the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws and the Marijuana Policy Project, also use this term.

</doc>
<doc id="19920360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920360" title="On Such a Night (1956 film)">
On Such a Night (1956 film)

On Such a Night is a 1956 British short comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring David Knight, Josephine Griffin and Marie Lohr.

</doc>
<doc id="19920369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920369" title="Symphyotrichum greatae">
Symphyotrichum greatae

Symphyotrichum greatae (formerly "Aster greatae") is a species of aster known by the common name Greata's aster in California.
Endemic distribution.
It is endemic to the San Gabriel Mountains of Southern California, where it grows in damp areas in the canyons of the southern slopes above the Los Angeles Basin.
Description.
"Symphyotrichum greatae" is a colonizing perennial herb growing from a long rhizome. It produces upright to erect stems usually 50 to 120 centimeters tall, but known to approach two meters. The leaves are mostly oval in shape and pointed, the lowest ones up to 15 centimeters long. The leaves and parts of the stems are hairy. 
The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads amidst leaflike bracts. The flower head contains many pale violet to nearly white ray florets and a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene.

</doc>
<doc id="19920371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920371" title="On Such a Night">
On Such a Night

On Such a Night may refer to either:

</doc>
<doc id="19920374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920374" title="Płonna">
Płonna

Płonna may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19920383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920383" title="Papyrus 40">
Papyrus 40

Papyrus 40 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_140, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd century. It is carelessly written. 
Description.
It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Romans, it contains Romans 1:24-27; 1:31-2:3; 3:21-4:8; 6:4-5.16; 9:16-17.27. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, rather proto-Alexandrian, Aland named it as "Free text", and placed it in Category I because of its date. 
This manuscript is closer to Codex Sinaiticus than to Codex Alexandrinus and Vaticanus. 
It is currently housed at the Papyrussammlung der Universität in the University of Heidelberg (Inv. no. 45).

</doc>
<doc id="19920386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920386" title="James John Hamlyn Moses">
James John Hamlyn Moses

James John Hamlyn Moses (14 August 1873 – 28 May 1946) was an English politician who served as mayor and later MP for Plymouth.
Personal life.
Moses was born in Dartmouth, Devon, the son of James J. H. Moses, a shipwright, and Susannah L. Peek.
He was educated at the Board School, Dartmouth and started work part-time at the age of nine as a newspaper boy. He became a full-time errand boy at the age of thirteen. He took an apprenticeship in the trade of shipbuilding at fifteen. He entered HM Dockyard, Devonport in 1895. He married Agnes Ferris in 1897. He lived at 95 Alexandra Road, Devonport. He was a temperance worker and local preacher. He was Methodist from 1891.
Political career.
Moses became a Member of the Devonport Borough Council in 1911, the Council of Greater Plymouth in 1914, and an Alderman in 1921. He then became Borough Magistrate in 1918, Mayor of Plymouth in 1926–27 and Devon County Magistrate in 1927. He was Member of the Executive Committee of the Ship Constructive and Shipwrights' Association.
Moses was originally a Liberal but joined the Labour party in 1918 and became a local leader. He contested the Plymouth Drake constituency in the elections of 1923 and 1924, before defeating Arthur Shirley Benn and H. Pratt in the 1929 election. He was the first royal dockyard worker to be elected to Parliament, serving till 1931. After being elected a petition was presented against him alleging bribery and corruption on the part of his agent during the election. He was cleared of all charges and awarded £3,000 costs.

</doc>
<doc id="19920402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920402" title="Fábio Lima">
Fábio Lima

Fábio Henrique Lima (born 5 February 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Linense.
Biography.
Born in Olímpia, São Paulo state, Lima left for CSKA Sofia in his early career. He then returned to São Paulo state for Juventus (SP), Barueri, Inter de Limeira, XV de Jaú, São Bento and América (SP).
In March 2008, he left for Campeonato Alagoano club CSA and in mid-2008 left for Romanian Liga I club Gloria Buzău.
In December 2008, he returned to CSA and signed a contract until the end of 2009 Campeonato Alagoano. In June he extended his contact until the end of 2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
In December 2009 he left for Linense of 2010 Campeonato Paulista Série A2. After winning the champion and promoted back to São Paulo state first level, he extended his contract with club until the end of 2011 Campeonato Paulista.
On 27 December 2010 he signed a 1-year contract with CSA.

</doc>
<doc id="19920418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920418" title="On Such a Night (1937 film)">
On Such a Night (1937 film)

On Such a Night is a 1937 American crime film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Grant Richards, Karen Morley and Roscoe Karns. It was made by Paramount Pictures and later sold to MGM in 1958 for television release.

</doc>
<doc id="19920422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920422" title="Volkstum">
Volkstum

The Volkstum (lit. "folkdom" or "folklore", though the meaning is wider than the common usage of folklore) is the entire utterances of a Volk or ethnic minority over its lifetime, expressing a "Volkscharakter" this unit had in common. It was the defining idea of the Völkisch movement.
The term was coined by German nationalists in the context of Germany's "Freedom Wars", in marked and conscious opposition to the ideals of the French Revolution such as universal human rights. This sense of the word is now criticised scientifically, though it is still in use in the protection of ethnic minorities and is a legal standard in Austria.
History.
Origins.
In the Age of Enlightenment the adjective "volkstümlich" usually meant the cultural achievements of uneducated Germans as well as popular culture. The "Volksdichtung" (People's Poetry) was 'high' literature, the culture of distinction, and partly devalued the elite education and partly idealised it. The concept was not yet tied to a certain nation, and attributed some of its characteristics to non-German culture.
Justus Möser (1720–1794), Johann Gottfried von Herder (1744–1803), Johann Georg Hamann (1730–1788) and other German Romantics gradually increased the concept by their actions into an unspoiled, organic, person liable closed and eternal "People's character" (Volkscharakter) and charged against the monarchies then dominating Germany. Möser already bordered on being the "Vater der Volkskunde" (Father of Ethnology) the "Deutschtum" against the cosmopolitanism of the Enlightenment and against the French Revolution. 
Friedrich Ludwig Jahn ("Deutsches Volksthum" 1810) is considered the inventor of the noun Volkstum. He translated the foreign word Nation and thus moved it into an "unerring something" in every Volk. For him and for Ernst Moritz Arndt (1769–1860) and Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762–1814), German Volkstum was a revolutionary source not only against the foreign domination of Napoleonic France, but also against dynasties and the church, with the word Enlightenment becoming less and less used. For all three thinkers, the idea of a uniform anti-Enlightenment position with an opposed Volkstum was already linked with Antisemitism. Arndt wrote in "Der Rhein, Deutschlands Strom, aber nicht Deutschlands Grenze" 1813:
He strictly rejected Jewish emancipation, whilst seeing it as every man's natural right and goal, and in particular of the German people to the whole human race was living. He then summarised the concept as exclusive to those on the inside, not as being outside and expansive.
German Empire.
The founding of the German Reich in 1871, as a "Kleindeutsche Lösung" under Prussian domination, only fulfilled part of the German nationalists' objectives, wishing and struggling as they did for the unification of all German speakers in a single nation state.
The more Volkstum concept was now part of a nationalist ideology and political propaganda. It often served as a patriotic or visionary binding-agent to cover over or overcome the real contradictions inside and outside the German empire: for example, by providing a "Volkstumskampf", it summoned a corporate-agrarian Volksgemeinschaft or ideal community as the key features of Volkstum, though these did not actually exist. It was the term of choice for every figure wishing to turn to an irrational feeling and definition of unity, against both enemies inside and outside the Reich.
While the Brothers Grimm had not yet distinguished between Gemeinschaft (community) and Gesellschaft (society), Ferdinand Tönnies (1855–1936) noted in his 1887 work "Gemeinschaft und Gesellschaft" that the two were mutually exclusive - he defined "community" as a form of mutual affirmation of the people in themselves as in their resources, their respective communities (such as their family) but as an understood purpose - as opposed to its mutual form as "society" in which the individual himself was a purpose, with a 'community' (e.g. a corporation) watching over his means. 'Community' would in his terms be felt by children as "the permanent and genuine" against the "temporary and apparent cohabitation" of 'society'. This was directed against the Marxism of social democracy, whose "scientific" reasoned ideal of the classless society was felt by Tönnies to be unworkable. He was very sceptical about a concept such as "Volksgemeinschaft" - in the political sphere, he held that the ancient "polis", or the medieval Hanseatic city as its most pronounced form, little more than which could be expected by modern people.
Underscored by the context of Wilhelmine militarism and imperialism on the eve of the First World War, however, 
Heinrich Claß (chairman of the Alldeutscher Verband) in contrast defined Volkstum as national assertiveness and "Menschlichkeit" (humanity):
He also took the "German disease" to be the German Jewish minority, who for him embodied all the moral values and ethnic roots of "corrosive" internationalism.
During the war the "deutsche Volkstum“ and "Deutschtum", particularly in universities, again became popular, in the sense of chauvinism. In "Deutschen Reden in schwerer Zeit" (German Speeches in a black time), 35 Berlin professors spoke out against much degeneration and foreigners, calling the World War a "Reinigungsbad" and the "fountain cellar of a new culture". Gustav Röthen, for example, saw it as the mass killings of the "sacred flame, faithful to the world-historical mission of the German people against barbarism and sub-culture".
Weimar Republic.
„Hier wird Volk mehr als das große unmittelbare Dasein, aus dem die Bildungen der Geschichte aufsteigen, mehr als der geheimnisvolle Grund, in dem wir alle wurzeln. Hier wird Volk zu einer Auslese und zu einem kategorischen Imperativ. Es wird zur Front aller wahrhaft revolutionären Kräfte, zur Front gegen das Prinzip der industriellen Gesellschaft.“
Er verband dies mit dem Ruf nach dem Führerprinzip:
„Der Führer schafft das eine klassenlose, aber vielschichtige, herrschaftsfreie, aber streng gefügte Gebilde des Volkes. Volk sein heißt Volk werden, unter des Führers Hand.“
Wilhelm Stapel erklärte die Ansicht Hegels, wonach die Menschen ihr Volkstum allmählich zugunsten der Einigung in der gemeinsamen Menschheit überwinden müssten, in "Antisemitismus und Antigermanismus" 1928 für „wunderliches Fehldenken, vor welchem nur der gesichert ist, der Sinn für Wirklichkeit hat“.
Der Friedensvertrag von Versailles schloss deutsche Ansprüche auf durch den Krieg verlorene Gebiete zunächst aus. Doch in der "Leipziger Stiftung für Volks- und Kulturbodenforschung" fanden „völkische“ Nachwuchshistoriker wie Walter Frank, Hermann Aubin, Hans Rothfels, Werner Conze, Theodor Schieder, der Agrar- und Bevölkerungswissenschaftler Theodor Oberländer u.a. ein Betätigungsfeld. Sie konstruierten abseits der Universitäten, wo solche Versuche kaum Interesse fanden, eine „Volksgeschichte“, die sich Fragen der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit von „Volksdeutschen“ widmete und damit aktiv an der Revisionspolitik bereits der Weimarer Zeit teilnahm. Hier wurden Konzepte von „Volkstum“ mit „Volksboden“ und „Lebensraum“ verbunden, „Umsiedlungs“- und „Eindeutschungs“-Pläne entwickelt. 
Seit 1929 traten dieser Forscherkreis auch offen für die „Nationale Revolution“ und für einen Politikwechsel zur ethnischen Neuordnung Europas ein. Dabei bestimmten sie – auch auf zwei Historikertagen – weite Teile Osteuropas als Zone germanisch-deutscher Kulturausstrahlung.
Third Reich.
Under National Socialism Volkstum was aggressively interpreted. Adolf Hitler, in "Mein Kampf", put Volkstum alongside race, "because the Volkstum, better than Race, lies not just in the speech, but in the blood."
After the "Machtergreifung", various university and non-university groups oriented towards völkisch and volkstum-politics were linked to cross-disciplinary "research communities", into which "Volk history" and "Ostforschung" were integrated, closely connected to the Nazi state and party. Their specialist disciplines became programmes with more state backing and funding than ever before. The concept of an "ethnic Volkstum" was divided into "Volksgenossen" (Volk comrades) and "Volksfeinde" (Volk enemies), so that the Volkstum concept was revised and became more strongly oriented towards racist and warlike solutions.
Above all, the Prussian archivist Albert Brackmann advocated and led the Gleichschaltung of the Nordostdeutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft (Northeast German Research Foundation), which centrally directed research on East German history and controlled numerous projects on the issues of border demarcation and population policy. The young historians of Königsberg supported the "Ostpolitik" (Eastern Policy) of the NSDAP, for no academic elite had emerged within the party itself. After 1937 the Norddeutsche and Ostdeutsche Forschungsgemeinschafts combined as a single large state-funded research organization. The impact of Volkstum historians was decisive in the use of their expertise in the Nazi ethnic policies in the conquered areas of eastern Europe from 1939 onwards. They drafted numerous maps and statistics, serving Nazi planning as the basis of its settlement and population policy in Poland, the Baltic states, Ukraine and Belarus.
The Nazis during the war made repeated efforts to propagate Volkstum ("racial consciousness"), pamphlets were issued that enjoined all German women to avoid sexual relations with all foreign workers brought to Germany as a danger to their blood.
The policy of "Eindeutschung" propagated and legitimated by the Volkstum historians, which made so-called German installations as ethnically and culturally, also favoured the Holocaust, even if they did not conceive it and were not directly involved in it.
Since 1945.
After 1945 the concept was first used in its political sense in Germany as an expression of nationalist ideology and avoided by neutral words like "Bevölkerung" (population). Bertolt Brecht formulated it as: "The Volk is not tümlich." In the DDR the term "Volk" – without "-tum" – expressed the supposed conformity of the population with the SED and the state in such word combinations as Volksdemokratie, Volkspolizei and Volksarmee. By contrast a later opposition slogan was "Wir sind das Volk". 
In Austria the concept was equally needed, but in a multi-ethnic monarchy. Thus in the 1976 National Minorities Act the term "Volksgruppe" served approximately as a synonym for national minority, according to the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities of the Council of Europe. Section 6 in the German Federal Expellee Law also used the expression. The legislature of Switzerland explained Volkstum, at the time of ratification of the Framework Convention, as "inspired by the desire [...] to together preserve what relates to their common identity, including their culture, their traditions, their religion or their language". In accordance with this legislation Volkstum is primarily used to mean an expression of the self-perception of a population group. In its popular sense (close to the usual English sense of folklore), the term appears occasionally in Germany as describing regional traditions (the Volkstum of the Danube Swabians, Sorbs, Frisians, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="19920449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920449" title="Tarık Daşgün">
Tarık Daşgün

Tarık Daşgün (born 26 August 1973 in Ankara) is a retired Turkish professional footballer who played for several clubs in Turkey and the Turkey national football team.
Club career.
He played for Gençlerbirliği S.K., Fenerbahçe S.K., Kocaelispor, Ankaragücü and Yimpaş Yozgatspor in the Turkish Süper Lig, appearing in more than 180 league matches and scoring 40 goals. He also played for Tokatspor and retired from football at Belediye Bingölspor in 2007.
International career.
Daşgün made two appearances for the full Turkey national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Chile on 22 June 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19920452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920452" title="Dada Entertainment">
Dada Entertainment

Dada Entertainment, a joint venture between Dada USA, Inc. and Sony Music, is a digital and mobile entertainment service. Formed in October 2007 and based in New York City, Dada Entertainment was the first company to offer both ringtones and DRM-free full-length MP3s for mobile devices and personal computers paid via the mobile phone.
Dada Entertainment operates an online music store. Competitors include Thumbplay, Jamster, Rhapsody's and Amazon.
Product.
A direct-to-consumer entertainment service, Dada Entertainment offers music content, including audio and video clips, ringtones, images and mobile games. Its assets include Dada’s mobile club, Dada.net, Upoc (mobile community) and Sony Music Box (BREW application live on Verizon Wireless, Alltel and U.S. Cellular).
Dada.net.
Dada Entertainment's online music store (Dada.net) members can download DRM-free music that works on any web or mobile device (PC, MP3 players, cell-phones) as part of a monthly mobile subscription.
The music catalog spans all genres and includes full-track songs in a high bit rate (256 kbit/s) MP3 DRM-free format as well as ringtones. The website also contains a social networking platform.
Upoc.
Launched in 1999 and distributed by Dada in the U.S. market since 2006, Upoc was the first company to offer mobile chat groups.
Upoc allows users to share text, picture (MMS) and voice messages among groups of people. Members create chat groups for their friends and family and then can send a single message for everyone to receive simultaneously. Upoc also offers a social networking service where members can browse groups (and member profiles) that reflect their interests. Top groups historically include fans of hip-hop and rap.
In October 2007, Upoc released the beta version of a web service called Up2 which allows users to broadcast themselves through micro-post and to receive updates (up to 140 characters) from people whom they are interested in connecting.
Upoc has suffered since being taken over by Dada. Many longtime users have left due to issues with messages being slow or unposted, the inability of group owners to accept join requests (receiving a message instead that they have joined their own group), and group settings being randomly set to "public" without group owners permission, resulting in unwanted people on private groups.
openDada.
openDada, a program intended to ease the API process for its partners and affiliates, was launched by Dada in June 2008. The site integrates Dada Entertainment’s content catalog with partner websites, making it easier for these sites to get their partnerships off the ground.
Joint Venture Companies.
Dada s.P.a.
is an international provider of web and mobile community and entertainment services to 12 million people in over 40 countries of the world. Dada is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (MTAX STAR: DA.MI) and has among its shareholders Dada’s management and founders, with about 12.4%, and the RCS MediaGroup, with approximately 46.9% of the share capital. 570 people currently work at Dada’s offices in Florence, Milan, Bergamo, New York, Barcelona, London, Worcester, Beijing, San Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
Sony Music Entertainment
is a global recorded music joint venture with a roster of current artists that includes both local artists and international superstars, as well as a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history.

</doc>
<doc id="19920460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920460" title="Matthew Marsh (boxer)">
Matthew Marsh (boxer)

Matthew Marsh (born 1 August 1982) is a British professional boxer who competes in the Super bantamweight division. He is a former two time ABA champion at Flyweight and Bantamweight and a former British super bantamweight champion.
Professional career.
Early career.
Marsh begun his professional career in September 2004 with a win over Freddy James at the York Hall in Bethnal Green. By December 2006 he had compiled a winning ledger of 6-0 with wins over the likes of Welshman Dai Davies and French journeyman Frederic Gosset, and had earned a crack at the Southern Area featherweight championship. He challenged reigning champion Rocky Dean at the Excel Arena in the London Docklands and won a 10 round decision. The two fighters met again in July 2007 this time for the super bantamweight version of the same belt. Going into the second match up Dean was confident saying ""I am faster and fitter, and I am twice the fighter I was when I last met Marsh...Last time we met, I gave him the first four rounds. That will not happen again"". It was not to be however and Marsh won another 10 round decision which meant that he now held the southern area title at two different weights.
Defeat to Mathews.
Following the back to back wins over Rocky Dean, Marsh once again stepped up to featherweight to box the current holder of the WBU title Derry Mathews. Mathews was himself a former ABA bantamweight champion, winning the title in 2002 two years before Marsh would pick up the same crown. The fight in October 2007 ended with a first defeat for Marsh with the step up in class proving a bit too much when the fight was stopped in the 11th round. It was the first time Marsh had been taken beyond 10 rounds and observers noted that the fatigue was beginning to show as he struggled into the later stages.
British champion.
Marsh responded to his first career defeat in style, knocking out Tanzanian fighter Ajibu Salum in the first round of his next bout. The knockout was significant in that it was the first time in his fledgling career that Marsh has stopped an opponent. In June 2008 Marsh met the current British super bantamweight champion Esham Pickering and won a unanimous points decision over 12 rounds. Pickering, a former European champion at the weight, was confident going into the bout saying ""I just think I will blow him away, I can beat him in every department."" Marsh however was dominant from the first bell landing the most punches and being generally busier. Marsh made the first defence of his new title against the man he had already beaten twice, Rocky Dean, at the York Hall on 21 November 2008. The fight ended with a majority decision for the champion handing Marsh his third win over Dean. Marsh had been due to defend his title for the second time on 17 April 2009 against English champion Mark Moran however he struggled to make the super bantamweight weight limit and was forced to vacate the title. Jason Booth, the reigning Commonwealth bantamweight champion stepped in and defeated Moran with a win in the sixth round.
Route back to contention.
Following a break from boxing Marsh returned to action on 18 September 2009 to fight Josh Wale for the vacant English super bantamweight crown. Despite winning the fight Marsh was unable to claim the belt as he once again failed to make the weight limit after weighing in six ounces over. On 18 December 2009 Marsh beat Marc Callaghan over six rounds at the York Hall and on 5 February 2010 challenged Jason Booth for the British and Commonwealth titles. The fight, at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Centre in Nottingham, resulted in a second career defeat for Marsh as he failed to reclaim his old title. Booth was able to claim the Lonsdale belt outright after the fight when a cut above Marsh's right eye forced the fight to be stopped in the 11th round.

</doc>
<doc id="19920468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920468" title="Menon I of Pharsalus">
Menon I of Pharsalus

Menon (in Greek Mενων, 525? BC - 472? BC) was a prominent Pharsalian who assisted Athens, led by Cimon, in their battle against Eion around 476 BC. According to Demosthenes (XIII.23, XXIII.199) he himself contributed 12 talents of silver and equipped 300 cavalry from his own penestae for battle. He was awarded by the Athenians for his service. He may be the father or grandfather of Menon II of Pharsalus.

</doc>
<doc id="19920498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920498" title="Priscilla Wakefield">
Priscilla Wakefield

Priscilla Wakefield, "nee" Priscilla Bell (1751–1832) was an English Quaker, educational and feminist economics writer, and philanthropist.
Life.
Priscilla Bell was born into a family in Tottenham, then a village north of London. Her father was Daniel Bell of Stamford Hill, Middlesex, his wife Catharine was the granddaughter of the Quaker theologian Robert Barclay. She married Edward Wakefield (1750–1826), a London merchant, and had three children. Writing to support her family financially, she wrote seventeen books in two decades. She was one of many female English writers at the end of the eighteenth century who began to demand a wider life for women. Charities which she founded included a maternity hospital, a Female Benefit Club, and a Penny Bank for children, which developed into England's first savings bank.
Mrs. Wakefield died at the house of her daughter, Mrs. Head, on Albion Hill, Ipswich, on 12 September 1832, and was buried on 20 December in the Friends' burial-ground at the New Meeting House, Ipswich. A portrait of Mrs. Wakefield, her husband Edward Wakefield and her sister, Catherine Bell, painted by Wheatley, was exhibited at South Kensington in 1868. 
A portrait in lithograph is in the London Friends' Institute. She was a member of the Society of Friends, and conformed to their religious practice, but did not observe their restrictions in regard either to dress or to abstinence from amusements. Mrs. Elizabeth Fry was her niece. She had two sons and a daughter. Two sons were Edward Wakefield (1774-1854) and Daniel Wakefield. The daughter, Isabella (d. 17 Oct. 1841), married Jeremiah Head of Ipswich. Edward Gibbon Wakefield was her grandson.
Works.
Wakefield wrote books on a range of subjects, including natural science, feminism, and children's literature consisting of moral tales. 
Wakefield published a book on feminism in 1798, "Reflection on the Present Condition of the Female Sex; with Suggestions for its Improvement", which was published by the radical publisher Joseph Johnson. Wakefield examined women's prospects for employment in the modern world in light of Adam Smith's writings, and supported broader education for women. 
Mrs. Wakefield was widely known as a writer of children's literature. Her early publication, "Juvenile Anecdotes, founded on Facts," was successful, and she went on to publish other books of the same nature, and of a more advanced character, dealing with science and travel. 
By the time she died, Wakefield had written seventeen books, many of them appearing in multiple editions and even translated into foreign languages. 
Wakefield had considerable knowledge of botany and natural history, and in 1796 she published "An Introduction to Botany, in a Series of Familiar Letters," London, 12mo, which was translated into French in 1801, and reached an eleventh edition in 1841. It was followed by "An Introduction to the Natural History and Classification of Insects, in a Series of Letters," London, 1816, 12mo. 
Legacy.
Priscilla Wakefield House, a nursing care home in Seven Sisters, London is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="19920508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920508" title="Olympic Games ceremony">
Olympic Games ceremony

Olympic Games ceremonies were an integral part of the Ancient Olympic Games. Some of the elements of the modern ceremonies harken back to the Ancient Games from which the Modern Olympics draw their ancestry. An example of this is the prominence of Greece in both the opening and closing ceremonies. During the 2004 Games, the medal winners received a crown of olive branches, which was a direct reference to the Ancient Games, in which the victor's prize was an olive wreath. The various elements of the ceremonies are mandated by the Olympic Charter and cannot be changed by the host nation. Even the artistic portion of the opening and closing ceremonies must meet the approval of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The ceremonies have evolved over the centuries. Ancient Games incorporated ceremonies to mark the beginning and ending of each successive game. There are both similarities and differences between the ancient Olympic ceremonies and their modern counterparts. While the presentation of the Games has evolved with improvements in technology and the desire of the host nations to showcase their own artistic expression, the basic events of each ceremony have remained unchanged. The presentation of the Opening and Closing Ceremonies continue to increase in scope, scale and expense with each successive celebration of the Games, but they are still steeped in tradition.
Ancient forerunners.
The Ancient Games, held in Greece from ca. 776 BC to ca. 393 AD, provide the first examples of Olympic ceremonies. The victory celebration, elements of which are in evidence in the modern-day medal and closing ceremonies, often involved elaborate feasts, drinking, singing, and the recitation of poetry. The wealthier the victor the more extravagant the celebration. The victors were presented with an olive wreath or crown harvested from a special tree in Olympia by a boy, specially selected for this purpose, using a golden sickle. The festival would conclude with the victors making solemn vows and performing ritual sacrifices to the various gods to which they were beholden.
There is evidence of dramatic changes in the format of the Ancient Games over the nearly 12 centuries that they were celebrated. Eventually, by roughly the 77th Olympiad, a standard 18-event program was established. In order to open a Games in ancient Greece the organizers would hold an Inauguration Festival. This was followed by a ceremony in which athletes took an oath of sportsmanship. The first competition, an artistic competition of trumpeters and heralds, concluded the opening festivities.
Opening.
The Olympic opening ceremonies represent the official commencement of an Olympic Games. In recent Olympics, athletic competition began prior to the opening ceremonies. For example, the football competitions for both men and women at the 2008 Summer Olympics began two days prior (August 6) to the opening ceremonies.
As mandated by the Olympic Charter, various elements frame the Opening Ceremonies of a celebration of the Olympic Games. Most of these rituals were canonized at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium.
Artistic program.
Coubertin's initial vision of the Modern Olympics featured both athletic competitions and artistic achievements. As the modern Olympics have evolved into a celebration of sport, it is in the opening ceremonies that one can see the most of Coubertin's ideal. The ceremonies typically start with the raising of the host country's flag and a performance of its national anthem. The host nation then presents artistic displays of music, singing, dance, and theater representative of its culture, history, and the current Olympic game motto. Since the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, the artistic presentations have continued to grow in scale and complexity. The opening ceremony at the Beijing Games, for example, reportedly cost US$100 million, with much of the cost incurring in the artistic portion of the ceremony.
Parade of Nations.
The traditional part of the ceremonies starts with a "Parade of Nations", during which most participating athletes march into the stadium, country by country. It is not compulsory for athletes to participate in the opening ceremonies. Due to the short time interval between the ceremonies and the first events of the Games, many athletes competing in these early events elect not to participate. It is most common for swimmers to forgo the Opening Ceremony because their events are early on the first day of competition. 
Each country's delegation is led by a sign with the name of their country and by their nation's flag. Traditionally (starting at the 1928 Summer Olympics), Greece enters first, because of its historical status as the progenitor of the Olympics, while the host nation marches last. In the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, the Greek flag led the parade, while the Greek team marched in last, as the host nation.
All other participating teams march after Greece and before the host nation, in order according to a language selected by the organizing committee for those games, which is usually the dominant language in the area of the host city. Announcers announce each country's name in English and French, as they both are the official languages of the Olympics, and the dominant language of the area of the host city, if neither English nor French are the dominant languages.
In the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, both Spanish and Catalan were official languages of the games, but due to the political sensitivity surrounding the use of Catalan, the nations entered in French alphabetical order. In the 2008 Summer Olympics, teams were ordered by the number of strokes in the Chinese translation of the team name. In the 2010 Winter Olympics, teams entered in English alphabetical order, although the languages of the Olympics are also the languages of the host country, Canada, because English is the more dominant of the two in Vancouver and in the host province of British Columbia. In the 2014 Winter Olympics, the countries entered in the Cyrillic alphabetical order, which is the Russian language's official script.
Traditional events.
After all nations have entered, the president of the Organizing Committee makes a speech, followed by the IOC president. At the end of his speech, he introduces the representative of the host country who officially declares the opening of the Games. Despite the Games having been awarded to a particular city and not to the country in general, the Olympic Charter presently requires the opener to be the host country's head of state. However, there have been many cases where someone other than the host country's head of state opened the Games. The first example was at the Games of the II Olympiad in Paris in 1900, which had no opening ceremony before as part of the 1900 World's Fair. There are five examples from the United States alone in which the Games were not opened by the head of state.
The Olympic Charter provides that the person designated to open the Games should do so by reciting whichever of the following lines is appropriate:
Before 1936, the opening official would often make a short welcoming speech before declaring the Games open. However, since 1936, when Adolf Hitler opened both the Garmisch Partenkirchen Winter Olympics and the Berlin Summer Olympics, the openers have used the standard formula. Recent editions of the Winter Games have seen a trend of using the first version instead of the second, which happened in both the 2002 and 2010 Winter Games. There have been four further exceptions to the rule:
"I declare open the Olympic Games of 1976, celebrating the XXI Olympiad of the modern era." 
"Celebrating the XXIII Olympiad of the modern era, I declare open the Olympic Games of Los Angeles".
"On behalf of a proud, determined and grateful nation...," then the standard opening formula followed.
Next, the Olympic flag is carried horizontally (since the 1960 Summer Olympics) into the stadium and hoisted as the Olympic Hymn is played. The Olympic Charter states that the Olympic flag must "fly for the entire duration of the Olympic Games from a flagpole placed in a prominent position in the main stadium". At most games, the flag has been carried into the stadium by prominent athletes of the host nation, but in 2012, it was carried by an international group of athletes and non-athletes famous for promoting Olympic values, including Muhammad Ali as a symbolic flag-bearer.
The flag bearers of all countries then circle a rostrum, where one athlete of the host nation (since the 1920 Summer Olympics), and one judge of the host nation (since the 1972 Summer Olympics) speak the Olympic Oath, declaring they will compete and judge according to the rules of their respective sport. Starting with the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, and continuing with the tradition started at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics a coach from the host nation also speaks the Olympic Oath.
Olympic flame.
Finally, the Torch is brought into the stadium, passed from athlete to athlete during the torch relay, until it reaches the last carrier; often a well-known athlete from the host nation, who lights the fire in the stadium's cauldron. Under IOC rules, the lighting of the Olympic cauldron must be witnessed by those attending the opening ceremony, implying that it must be lit at the location where the ceremony is taking place. Another IOC rule states that the cauldron should be witnessed outside by the entire residents of the entire host city. This was made evident during the opening ceremony for the 2010 Games in Vancouver. The venue chosen as the Olympic Stadium was BC Place, which at the time was an air-supported domed stadium. Since there was no way the cauldron could be displayed outside and also be seen at the stadium, two cauldrons were used. For the first torch lighting inside the stadium the organizers chose three-time speed skating medalist Catriona Le May Doan, Canadian Senator Nancy Greene, who won two medals for Canada at the 1968 Games, NBA star Steve Nash, a native of nearby Victoria, and hockey legend Wayne Gretzky, to each light one of four arms of the torch. Notably, Le May Doan's arm refused to light; this was later rectified during the closing ceremony when she got a second chance to light her part of the torch and succeeded.
After the official conclusion of the Opening Ceremony, Gretzky was whisked away to a waiting car which took him to the secondary cauldron. Once there, he lit it to correspond with the tradition of Olympics past.
During the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the cauldron located inside Olympic Stadium (London) was not visible from outside of the stadium. The image of the lit cauldron was projected on the stadiums rooftop screens during the first week of competition, and live footage was available to all broadcast right holders. See List of 2012 Summer Olympics broadcasters.
Doves.
Beginning at the post–World War I 1920 Summer Olympics, the lighting of the Olympic Flame was followed by the release of doves, symbolizing peace. This gesture was discontinued after several doves were burned alive in the Olympic Flame during the opening ceremony of the 1988 Summer Olympics. It was later replaced with a symbolic release of doves after the flame has been lit.
In the 2000 ceremony, a dove image was projected on an enormous white cloth held by the athletes on the stadium floor. In 2004, an LED screen was used. In 2006, acrobats formed the shape of a dove. The 2008 ceremony had fireworks representing doves. In 2010, dove figures were projected on the stage floor. The 2012 ceremony had bicyclists with dove-wings, lit by LEDs.
Medal presentation.
After each Olympic event is completed, a medal ceremony is held. The Summer Games would usually conduct the ceremonies immediately after the event at the respective venues, whereas the Winter editions would present the medals at a nightly victory ceremony held at a medal plaza, excluding the curling, figure skating, speed skating (starting in 1994), short track speed skating, and ice hockey events, in which medals are presented immediately after those events. A three–tiered rostrum is used for the three medal winners, with the gold medal winner ascending to the highest platform. The medals are awarded by a member of the IOC. The IOC member is usually accompanied by a person from sports federation governing the sport (such as IAAF in athletics or FINA in swimming), who presents each athlete with a small bouquet of flowers. When the Games were held in Athens in 2004, the medal winners also received olive wreaths in honor of the tradition at the Ancient Olympics. After medals are distributed, the flags of the nations of the three medalists are raised. The flag of the gold medalist's country is in the center and raised the highest while the flag of the silver medalist's country is on the left facing the flags and the flag of the bronze medalist's country is on the right, both at lower elevations than the gold medalist's country's flag. The flags are raised while the national anthem of the gold medalist's country plays. Citizens of the host country also act as hosts during the medal ceremonies. They aid the officials who present the medals and act as flag bearers.
Strict rules govern the conduct of athletes during the medal ceremony. For example they are required to wear only pre-approved outfits that are standard for the athlete's national Olympic team. They are not allowed to display any political affiliation or make a political statement while on the medal stand. The most famous violation of this rule was the Black Power salute of Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. For their actions, IOC president Avery Brundage demanded their expulsion from the Olympics. If the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) did not comply, then Brundage demanded the removal of the entire track and field team of the United States. The USOC complied with his demands and Smith and Carlos were expelled.
As is customary, the men's marathon medals (at the Summer Olympics) or the men's 50km cross-country skiing medals (at the Winter Olympics) are presented as part of the Closing Ceremony, which take place later that day, in the Olympic Stadium, and are thus the last medal presentation of the Games.
Closing.
In contrast to the opening ceremonies, many elements of the Olympic closing ceremonies gradually developed more by tradition than official mandate.
Like the opening ceremonies, the closing ceremonies begins with the raising of the host country's flag and a performance of its national anthem. The traditional part of the closing ceremonies starts with the "Parade of Flags", where flag bearers from each participating country enter the stadium in single file. Behind them march all of the athletes without any distinction or grouping by nationality. This "Parade of Athletes", the blending of all the athletes, is a tradition that began during the 1956 Summer Olympics at the suggestion of Melbourne schoolboy John Ian Wing, who thought it would be a way of bringing the athletes of the world together as "one nation." (In 2006, the athletes marched in with their countrymen, then dispersed and mingled as the ceremonies went on.)
After all the athletes enter the stadium, the final medals ceremony of the Games is held. The organizing committee of the respective host city, after consulting with the IOC, determines which event will have its medals presented. During the Summer Olympics, this is usually the men's marathon. Traditionally, the men's marathon is held in the last hours of competition on the last day of the Olympics, and the race is won just before the start of the closing ceremony. However, recent Summer Olympiads in Atlanta, Beijing, and London staged the marathon in the early morning due to heat problems in the host city. Since the 2006 Winter Olympics, the medals for the men's 50 km cross-country skiing event were presented at the closing ceremony. The medallist's national flags are then hoisted and the national anthem of the gold medallist's country is played.
Next, two other national flags are hoisted on flagpoles one at a time while the corresponding national anthems are played: the flag of Greece to honor the birthplace of the Olympic Games, and the flag of the country hosting the next Summer or Winter Olympic Games. In Moscow during the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott, the flag raised to represent the next games host was that of the City of Los Angeles instead of the flag of the boycotting-United States. In Sydney and Athens, two Greek flags were raised because Greece was the next games host (in 2000) and in 2004, because Greece was hosting the games. Then, while the Olympic Hymn is played, the Olympic Flag that was hoisted during the opening ceremonies is lowered from the flagpole and carried from the stadium.
In what is known as the Antwerp Ceremony (because the tradition began at the Antwerp Games), the mayor of the city that organized the Games transfers a special Olympic Flag to the president of the IOC, who then passes it on to the mayor of the city hosting the next Olympic Games. The receiving mayor then waves the flag eight times. There are three such flags:
This tradition posed a particular challenge at the 2006 Winter Games in Turin, Italy. The flag was passed from Sergio Chiamparino, the mayor of Turin, to Sam Sullivan, the mayor of Vancouver, Canada. Mayor Sullivan, who is a quadriplegic, waved the flag by holding it in one hand and swinging his motorized wheelchair back and forth eight times.
The next host nation then introduces itself with artistic displays of dance and theater representative of that country or city. This tradition began with the 1976 Games.
Afterwards, the president of the Organizing Committee makes a speech. The IOC president then makes a speech before closing the Olympics by saying: "And now, in accordance with tradition, I declare the Games of the number of Summer Olympics Olympiad/number of Winter Olympics Olympic Winter Games closed, and I call upon the youth of the world to assemble four years from now in of next host city to celebrate the Games of the ordinal number of Summer Olympics Olympiad/ordinal number of Winter Olympics Olympic Winter Games". Finally, the Olympic Flame is extinguished, marking the end of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19920522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920522" title="Symphyotrichum lentum">
Symphyotrichum lentum

Symphyotrichum lentum (formerly "Aster lentus") is a species of aster known by the common name Suisun Marsh aster in California. 
Endemic distribution.
It is endemic to the marshes of Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta of Northern California including the Suisun Marsh, in Solano County, for which it is named. 
Description.
"Symphyotrichum lentum" is similar in appearance to "Symphyotrichum chilense", which may be found in the same area. It is a colonial perennial herb producing a hairless stem 40 to 150 centimeters tall from a long rhizome. The leaves are linear or lance-shaped, pointed, and up to 15 centimeters long near the base of the plant. The lower leaves wither by the time the plant flowers. 
The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads with a fringe of violet ray florets around a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene with a long white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19920525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920525" title="You Must Be Joking! (1965 film)">
You Must Be Joking! (1965 film)

You Must Be Joking! is a 1965 British comedy film directed by Michael Winner.
Plot.
A collection of British soldiers and one US Air Force officer are tested in initiative by being given a scavenger hunt to perform. They are instructed to obtain six status symbols of the British way of life. A sort of modern rendition of the "feats of Hercules". Among the feats to be accomplished in 48 hours are escaping from of a maze, obtaining a rare rose and the hood ornament off a Rolls-Royce, and taking a lock of hair from a popular singer

</doc>
<doc id="19920542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920542" title="Sally A. Bailie">
Sally A. Bailie

Sally Anne Bailie (January 8, 1937 – August 21, 1995) was an English-born trainer and owner of Thoroughbred racehorses who competed was one of the first female trainers to win major American Graded stakes races.
Born in Enfield, Middlesex in South East England, Sally Bailie grew up on a farm where she learned to ride horses. After working with racehorses in England, in 1965 she moved to the United States and settled in the New York City area where she worked as an assistant trainer. In 1970 she went out on her own and in 1977 became the first woman trainer in American racing history to win a $100,000 when her horse Tequillo Boogie captured the New York Breeders' Futurity at Finger Lakes Race Track in Farmington, New York. In 1982, she became the first woman trainer to win a $200,000 race when she conditioned the winner of the Pegasus Handicap at Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
At a 1982 Fasig-Tipton dispersal auction in Saratoga, Sally Bailie paid $8,000 for a two-year-old grandson of Northern Dancer named Win. The gelding went on to provide Bailie with some of the most important wins of her career and retired with two Grade 1 wins and earnings in excess of $1.4 million. Bailie was voted trainer of the year for New York-bred horses in 1983 and 1984 and in 1985 became the first woman trainer to have a horse compete in the Japan Cup.
Sally Bailie died of cancer at age fifty-eight at Winthrop-University Hospital in Mineola, New York, on Long Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19920553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920553" title="Miguel Fallardo">
Miguel Fallardo


</doc>
<doc id="19920560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920560" title="Pandy">
Pandy

A pandy is another name (in Wales) for a fulling mill. 
Pandy may also refer to several places in Wales:

</doc>
<doc id="19920566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920566" title="Rice County Courthouse">
Rice County Courthouse

Rice County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19920583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920583" title="Principality of Dukagjini">
Principality of Dukagjini

Principality of Dukagjini (1387–1444) was a principality in Medieval Albania. It was created by brothers Pal and Leka I Dukagjini and then ruled by Pal's descendants, Tanush Dukagjini, Pal II Dukagjini, who took part in the League of Lezha. Pal's son, Lekë III Dukagjini is one of the most prominent personalities in Albanian history.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19920591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920591" title="Everton Bilher">
Everton Bilher

Everton Luiz Guimarães Bilher (born 24 May 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Lugano in the Swiss Challenge League.
Biography.
Born in Porto Alegre, Everton signed a contract with Ponte Preta in 2007. In April 2009 he was signed by Palmeiras, agreed a 4-year contract. He was loaned to Marília in February 2010 and extended in July until the end of 2010 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
In January 2012 he was signed by CRB in 1-year contract. In July 2012 he was signed by San Luis F.C. in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19920607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920607" title="Sorrel (disambiguation)">
Sorrel (disambiguation)

Sorrel ("Rumex acetosa") is a perennial herb cultivated as a leaf vegetable
Sorrel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19920621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920621" title="Christ's Church of the Valley">
Christ's Church of the Valley

About CCV.
Christ's Church of the Valley (CCV) is a Non-Denominational Christian megachurch located in Peoria, Arizona, currently with other locations in Surprise, Scottsdale and Mesa. The church was founded in 1982 by senior pastor Dr. Donald Wilson. Weekend church attendance exceeds 18,700, making it the largest non-denominational church in Arizona and the 16th largest church in the United States. The church currently employs over 100 full-time and part-time staff members.
CCV is a church that believes that life is an adventure. They are not about mere religion or a specific denomination; they are about introducing people to the adventure that a life with Christ can bring, and then challenging and encouraging them to live a life of significance. Whether people have never been to church, been hundreds of times, or are somewhere in between, this church invites everyone to get to know CCV and, more importantly, to get to know Christ. CCV is ONE church with multiple locations.
History.
Christ's Church of the Valley was founded by Dr. Don Wilson in 1982 with services held in a rented movie theatre. Since that time, Christ’s Church of the Valley has held services in an elementary school, a strip mall, and a building known as ‘The Castle’. In 1996, Christ’s Church of the Valley raised over $1 million in one day, purchased 50 acres (200,000 m2) of land in the northwest area of Phoenix for a permanent home. In 2006, CCV raised over $8 million on one weekend for the Ripple Effect campaign. This campaign is built two new buildings for Children and Youth ministries. These buildings opened fall 2008.
For the first four years on the new property, Christ’s Church of the Valley held services in a ‘sprung’ structure with seating for 1,100. After holding six identical services each weekend, in January 2004, Christ’s Church of the Valley moved into their new 3,000 seat multi-use structure on the 100-acre (0.40 km2) campus.
In the 30+ years that Christ’s Church of the Valley has been in existence, they have assisted in starting fourteen new churches, four of which were started in 2004. In 2006, CCV started their first church plant in Prescott, Arizona. In late 2007, two additional plants opened; one in Goodyear, Arizona and the other in Scottsdale, Arizona. Of these church plants, only the Goodyear location is still in operation. In 2011, CCV opened a new multisite in Surprise, Arizona called CCV Surprise. In continuous effort in trying push their slogan "One church with many locations", they have opened their third campus in Scottsdale, Arizona in October 2012 as CCV Scottsdale. The following year, in August, plans to launch a campus in the East Valley and in Avondale were announced. CCV East Valley was launched the following month, becoming the fourth CCV campus in the greater Phoenix area.

</doc>
<doc id="19920630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920630" title="Marianna Palka">
Marianna Palka

Marianna Palka is the Scottish-born screenwriter, director and co-star of the film "Good Dick".
Biography.
Palka was born and brought up in Glasgow, Scotland and moved to New York City at age 17 to study at David Mamet and William H. Macy’s Atlantic Theater Company.
Marianna wrote, directed and stars alongside Jason Ritter, Martin Starr, Mark Webber, Charles Durning and Tom Arnold in "Good Dick". It was self released in the US in 2009. 
At the 2010 Sundance Film Festival, Palka was a Sloan Juror with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Later that year she performed in what was to be Nora Ephron’s play "Love Loss and What I Wore" at The Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles. 
Palka appeared in Peter Mullan’s 2011 film "Neds".
Palka played the lead role of JEVA in director Jeremiah Jones independent film "Restive".
She appeared in the shorts "Spoonful" by director Jenee LaMarque and in Bryce Dallas Howard’s second film "When You Find Me". 
Palka played a Scottish east side Stories book store worker slash hipster in director Nathan Sutton’s film "Autumn Wanderer". She starred in director Sylvia Sether’s short film "King Of Norway".
Palka appeared in director Tatia Pilieva’s indie feature film "Forever".
Palka directed music videos for the Moby, "Last Night" as well as a music video for Rain Phoenix for her band Paper Cranes, "God Save All of Us". 
In 2012 she was in The Ensemble Theater in Santa Barbara reading of "The Good Soldier", playing an English Lady from the early 1900s. She appeared in Martin McDonagh’s "The Lonesome West" at the Actor’s Gang Theatre, Los Angeles and in Conor McPherson’s "Dublin Carol" at the Ensemble Theatre Company.
She appeared in Nick Towne’s film "Day of the Dead", Bryce Dallas Howard’s directorial debut "Orchids", Glamour Magazine's "Reel Moments" series, "Came" directed by conceptual artist Brock Enright, and the short film "Betty File 43" popular on ifilm.com. 
She appeared in the HBO pilot "Derek and Simon".

</doc>
<doc id="19920638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920638" title="Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, in Lillehammer (Norway), consisted of 66 events, 46 for men and 20 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19920658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920658" title="Rhie Won-bok">
Rhie Won-bok

Rhie Won-bok (born 4 October 1946) is a South Korean cartoonist and professor.
Education.
Rhie was born in Daejeon, South Korea. He received a bachelor's degree in architecture from Seoul National University, after which he studied graphic design in Münster, Germany. 
Works.
His comics are drawn in a simple, didactic manner, often explaining the inner workings and the psychological makeup of nations like Germany, Japan, or the United States. He does this by taking into account historical, geographic and political factors, drawing in a funny style. An English translation of "Korea Unmasked", dealing with the Korean nations, was published in 2002 by Gimm-Young International. Most of his other works are untranslated and available in Korean only. 
Other activities.
He received the Noonsol Award in 1993 for contributions to the development of the South Korean cartoon industry. 
From 1998 to 2000 he was president of the Korean Society of Cartoon and Animation Studies. 
He is professor of graphic design at Duksung Women's University in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19920671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920671" title="Práxedis G. Guerrero (disambiguation)">
Práxedis G. Guerrero (disambiguation)

Práxedis G. Guerrero was a Mexican Revolutionary leader who was killed in action in Janos, Chihuahua, on 29 December 1910.
Named for him:

</doc>
<doc id="19920701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920701" title="Chilled water">
Chilled water

Chilled water is a commodity often used to cool a building's air and equipment, especially in situations where many individual rooms must be controlled separately, such as a hotel. The chilled water can be supplied by a vendor, such as a public utility or created at the location of the building that will use it, which has been the norm.
Use.
Chilled water cooling is very different from typical residential air conditioning where a refrigerant is pumped through an air handler to cool the air. 
Regardless of who provides it, the chilled water (between 4° and 7°C) is pumped through an air handler, which captures the heat from the air, then disperses the air throughout the area to be cooled.
Site generated.
The condenser water absorbs heat from the refrigerant in the condenser barrel of the water chiller, and is then sent via return lines to a cooling tower, which is a heat exchange device used to transfer waste heat to the atmosphere. The extent to which the cooling tower decreases the temperature depends upon the outside temperature, the relative humidity and the atmospheric pressure. The water in the chilled water circuit will be lowered to the Wet-bulb temperature or dry-bulb temperature before proceeding to the water chiller, where it is cooled to between 4° and 7°C and pumped to the air handler, where the cycle is repeated. The equipment required includes chillers, cooling towers, pumps and electrical control equipment. The initial capital outlay for these is substantial and maintenance costs can fluctuate. Adequate space must be included in building design for the physical plant and access to equipment.
Utility generated.
The chilled water, which absorbed heat from the air, is sent via return lines back to the utility facility, where the process described in the previous section occurs. Utility generated chilled water eliminates the need for chillers and cooling towers at the property, reduces capital outlays and eliminates ongoing maintenance costs. The physical space saved can also become rentable, increasing revenue. 
Utility supplied chilled water has been used successfully since the 1960s in many cities, and technological advances in the equipment, controls and trenchless installation have increased efficiency and lowered costs. 
The advantage of utility-supplied chilled water is based on economy of scale. A utility can operate one large system more economically than a customer can operate the individual system in one building. The utility's system also has back-up capacity to protect against sudden outages. The cost of such "insurance" is also markedly lower than what it would be for an individual structure. 
The use of utility supplied chilled water is most cost effective when it is designed into the building's infrastructure or when chiller/cooling tower equipment must be replaced. Commercial customers often lower their air conditioning costs from 10-20% by purchasing chilled water.

</doc>
<doc id="19920713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920713" title="World Development Information Day">
World Development Information Day

In 1972, the United Nations General Assembly decided to institute a World Development Information Day coinciding with United Nations Day on October 24. The General Assembly had the object of drawing the attention of world public-opinion each year to development problems and the necessity of strengthening international co-operation to solve them.
The day was further recognized as the date on which the International Development Strategy for the Second Nations Development Decade was adopted in 1970.
On May 17, 1972, the UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) proposed measures for information dissemination and for the mobilization of public opinion relative to trade and development problems. These became known as resolution 3038 (XXVII), which the UN General Assembly passed on December 19, 1972. This resolution called for introducing World Development Information Day to help draw the attention of people worldwide to development problems. A further aim of the event is to explain to the general public why it is necessary to strengthen international cooperation to find ways to solve these problems. The assembly also decided that the day should coincide with United Nations Day to stress the central role of development in the UN's work. World Development Information Day was first held on October 24, 1973, and has been held on this date each year since then.
In recent years many events have interpreted the title of the day slightly differently. These have concentrated on the role that modern information-technologies, such as the Internet and mobile telephones can play in alerting people and finding solutions to problems of trade and development. One of the specific aims of World Development Information Day was to inform and motivate young people and this change may help to further this aim.

</doc>
<doc id="19920722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920722" title="Michael Ratzon">
Michael Ratzon

Michael Ratzon (, born 21 September 1952) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud in 1996 and again from 2003 until 2006.
Biography.
Born in Petah Tikva, Ratzon gained an LLB and an MA in law from Bar-Ilan University, before working as an attorney.
Married to Dr. Navah Ratzon, father of five: Eshbal, Re'em, Oded, Anva and Ofri, and grandfather of two: Reshit and Niv. 
For the 1992 Knesset elections he was placed 35th on the Likud list, but the party won only 32 seats. However, he entered the Knesset on 10 March 1996 as a replacement for the deceased Ariel Weinstein. Three months later he lost his seat following the May 1996 elections.
For the 2003 elections he was placed 20th on the Likud list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats. Whilst an MK he served as a member of several committees; the House Committee, the Finance Committee, the Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, the Public Petitions Committee, and was a member of the Parliamentary Inquiry Committee for Uncovering Corruption in the Government System. On 5 March 2003 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Industry, Trade and Labour, but was sacked by Ariel Sharon in October 2004 for voting against the Gaza disengagement plan.
Prior to the 2006 elections he was placed 33rd on the Likud list, and lost his seat when the party won only 12 mandates.
During Yisrael Katz's term as transportation minister, Ratzon was appointed as the chairman of NTA, which is responsible for the Tel Aviv Light Rail project.

</doc>
<doc id="19920725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920725" title="New York Breeders' Futurity">
New York Breeders' Futurity

The New York Breeders' Futurity is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1963 at the Finger Lakes Race Track in Farmington, New York. Restricted to two-year-old horses bred in New York State, the ungraded stakes is a six furlong sprint contested on dirt. It currently offers a purse of $200,000 added and in 2008 that figure swelled to a record $318,525.

</doc>
<doc id="19920727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920727" title="Krzysztof Palczewski">
Krzysztof Palczewski

Krzysztof Palczewski, Ph.D is a Polish biochemist.
His MS and PhD are from the University of Wroclaw and Technical University of Wroclaw respectively (Poland), working with Dr. M. Kochman. His early posts were at the University of Florida and the Oregon Health Sciences University. Dr. Palczewski completed much of his pivotal research at the University of Washington and moved to become the Chair and John H. Hord professor of Pharmacology at Case Western Reserve University in 2005.
He is the founder of two drug discovery companies, Polgenix and Retinagenix.
Research interests.
Palczewski's research interest lie in mapping the Visual Transduction System. His work with determining the crystal structure of rhodopsin has given new insight into the function of G protein receptors. This work has led to revolutionary advances in understanding hereditary blindness and can slow retinal degeneration in adults.

</doc>
<doc id="19920740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920740" title="Almutaster">
Almutaster

Almutaster is a monotypic genus of asters containing the single species Almutaster pauciflorus (formerly "Aster pauciflorus"), which is known by the common name alkali marsh aster. It is native to western North America from northern Canada to Mexico, where it grows in wet alkaline and saline soils such as inland salt marshes and salt flats. This is a perennial herb growing a reddish-green glandular stem to heights from 30 to 120 centimeters. The narrow leaves are linear in shape and up to 10 centimeters long. The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads containing white to pale purple ray florets and a center of yellow disc florets. The head is lined with phyllaries covered in tiny white resin glands. The fruit is a hairy achene.
The inflorescence are a food source for adult Lepidoptera, although they may not be the principal pollinators.

</doc>
<doc id="19920744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920744" title="Cash Cab (U.S. game show)">
Cash Cab (U.S. game show)

Cash Cab (stylized as CA$H CAB) is an American game show that began airing on the Discovery Channel on December 5, 2005. The program was hosted by stand-up comedian Ben Bailey. It is part of the global Cash Cab franchise that originated in the United Kingdom. 
While Bailey's show took place in New York City, some episodes of Season 6 took place in Las Vegas. Contestants who ultimately hailed the Cash Cab were not made aware that they were part of the game until they hired the cab and Bailey informed them of the show and its rules.
In 2007, Discovery Channel began airing a spin-off edition of the program, "Cash Cab: After Dark", in which contestants were picked up near or after sunset as well as overnight and the cash value of the questions was double that of the regular version of the show. The questions also were more difficult than on the daytime version usually.
The show's tagline in the first two seasons was: "There are 13,000 cabs in New York City, but there's only "one" that pays "you"!" Starting in Season 3, the tagline was modified: "There are 13,000 cabs in the streets of the Big Apple, but there's only "one" that pays "you"!" On "Cash Cab: After Dark", the tagline is: "Every night, 13,000 cabs hit the streets of the city that never sleeps, but there's only "one" that pays "you"!"
Bailey has been nominated four times for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host, winning the award in 2010, 2011 and 2013. "Cash Cab" won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show in 2008, 2009 and 2010. In 2013, the show appeared in "TV Guide"'s list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
Broadcast history.
According to "Variety", Discovery Channel initially ordered 40 episodes from Lion Television (with Executive Producers Tom Cohen, Allison Corn and Tony Tackaberry; with Ben Bailey being the most recent) and taping of the initial run was completed in November 2005 before the show premiered that December. A new set of 40 episodes were taped and aired in 2006 and 2007. Another 80 episodes were taped in 2007 and aired through spring and summer. Another 40 episodes were taped and aired in 2008 and 2009. Another 40 episodes were taped for airing in 2010 and 2011.
The sixth season premiered on February 14, 2011, at 6:00 pm E/P. During a hiatus, Ben Bailey did a standup special recounting his time as host of the show. He correctly stated in the special that the show has been cancelled for the last two years (taping for the then-current series wrapped in 2008), however, a renewal offer was made after the standup concert was taped during 2011 returning the show to the schedule. The seventh season premiered Thursday, January 5, 2012, at 6:00 pm E/P with two half hour episodes.
On April 18, 2012, it was announced that "Cash Cab" would end its 7-year run.
Rules.
When the potential contestants enter the cab and state their destination, they are made aware that they are in the Cash Cab as ceiling lights and a fanfare play inside, accompanied by the host's greeting. While the only rules given on-camera after the introduction and before asking "Do you want to play?" pertain to his or her driving and the "three strikes and you're out" rule, the contestants are also informed that once their traveling begins, the cab will not take detours of any kind unless directed by a police officer, stop sign, traffic light or other legal means of diverting traffic. Bailey or Melewski offers them the chance to get out of the cab if they do not wish to play, and contestants who choose to play the game must stay in the cab until they reach their destination or get three strikes. 
For the first two seasons, the first four questions were worth $25 each, the next four questions were worth $50 each, and any question thereafter was worth $100. In "Cash Cab: After Dark" - and beginning with the regular episodes of Season 3 - all of the money values were doubled to $50, $100 and $200. Beginning in the fourth season, some games were designated as Double Ride games, making the question values $100, $200 and $400.
Each wrong answer earns the contestant(s) a strike. On the third strike, they forfeit all their winnings and Bailey or Melewski will immediately pull over and kick them out of the cab. Once players have exited the Cash Cab, a camera crew from the trailing production van is already on the street waiting to tape their departure.
Red Light Challenge.
When a contestant has won at least $200 in a normal game or an After Dark game - or at least $600 on a Double Ride - and the cab is forced to stop at a traffic light, Bailey or Melewski will announce a Red Light Challenge. He or she reads a question that has multiple correct answers – usually four to seven – and the passenger(s) have 30 seconds to give those answers. Since there is no penalty for an incorrect answer, giving all the correct answers in the allotted time is worth $250 - or $500 during Double Ride games - regardless of how many incorrect answers a contestant might also blurt out along the way. The contestant does not receive the extra $250 (or $500) if the 30-second time limit runs out; it is also not counted as a strike, and the contestant doesn't lose any accumulated money. While only one Red Light Challenge is usually played per game, beginning in Season 4 there are multiple Red Light Challenges during certain games - at least two per game - with the second for accumulating at least $1,000.
Shout-Outs.
Contestants have two forms of help known as "Shout-Outs" at their disposal during the game; each can be used only once, and neither may be used on a Red Light Challenge or a Video Bonus. In the Mobile Shout-Out, the contestant makes a phone call to someone they choose by means of a cell phone - either provided by Bailey or Melewski - or one belonging to a contestant. The call can take up to a maximum of 15 seconds before the contestant has to give an answer, with the result being either additional money or a strike. The contestant may also elect to use a Street Shout-Out, in which Bailey or Melewski immediately pulls the cab to a curb so that anyone on the sidewalk can be asked for help, without any official time limit. A second Street Shout-Out is included on a Double Ride.
Video Bonus.
Should the passenger(s) reach the destination without striking out, Bailey/Melewski offers a choice: the option of leaving the cab and keeping the prize money that they have won, or they can stay and try to double their money by risking it all on a Video Bonus question. Bailey/Melewski plays a video clip and asks the contestant(s) a single question based on its content. If the question is answered correctly, the contestant(s) win double what they have earned so far, but if they are wrong, they lose all of their money and "leave with nothing but a cab ride".
Double Ride.
Beginning in Season 4, this rarely occurring part of the show happens when randomly selected passengers are able to win double the amount of money of a normal game. The first four questions are worth $100, the second four $200 and the rest until the end of the game are worth $400. The "Red Light Challenge" is worth $500.
Record payouts.
The current record of $6,200 won on one ride is held by Sam Meyer (riding solo, on a Double Ride, taking and winning the Double-or-Nothing Video Bonus question) on the episode that aired May 18, 2009.
Special editions.
One episode of the program was a special celebrity edition, featuring actor Thomas Haden Church of "Spider-Man 3", NHL players Jed Ortmeyer and Ryan Hollweg of the New York Rangers and journalist Harry Smith, formerly of CBS' "The Early Show". All played for a charity of their choice, and Discovery Channel matched the contestants' winnings.
Another episode was a special in which the passengers were asked questions relating to the 2008 film "Frost/Nixon". In this episode the host of "Cash Cab: Canada", Adam Growe, was driving the cab instead of Ben Bailey.
On April 21, 2009, Discovery aired a charity episode of "Cash Cab" for its 250th episode featuring two rides by boat crew members from "Deadliest Catch". "Time Bandit" co-captain Andy Hillstrand and Josh Harris, son of "Cornelia Marie" captain Phil Harris, went against Sig Hansen (captain of the "Northwestern") and his two brothers. All cash values were doubled from the Season 3 payouts, the passengers received a second Street Shout-Out, and all money earned was donated by the passengers to the charities of their choice.
In the "Cash Cab: Las Vegas" episodes, filmed in May 2010 and broadcast beginning in August of that year, celebrities play for charity and civilians play for themselves. Guests have included Mayor of Las Vegas, Oscar Goodman, comedian David Brenner, the band Neon Trees and magicians Penn & Teller. The prizes are sometimes doubled in a "Double Down Ride", just like on the regular show. In the event they strike out or miss the Video Bonus question, their charities receive $500, though some celebrities decide to also chip in with the amount of money lost, out of their own pockets.
Cash Cab: Chicago.
During the sixth season after Cash Cab's premiere a new spin-off series, Cash Cab: Chicago, hosted by comedian Beth Melewski and using the same rules as its New York counterpart aired. The spin-off was cancelled after one season, but rerun episodes are aired along with Cash Cab episodes in syndication.
Production.
A support van tails the Cash Cab, containing producers and a camera crew for the various street shots. The staff provide logistical information and questions by way of a walkie-talkie and earpiece worn by the host. The Cash Cab is equipped with ten cameras: one on the host, three on the passengers, one pointing forward from the back window of the cab, and three (front, left and right) in the advertising shell on the roof of the cab showing the passing streetscape. The rear of the cab behind the seats contains ten recording decks and other production equipment.
The lighting and the music that go off when contestants enter the cab consist of a switchboard that is connected to an iPod and the car stereo. The Video Bonus monitor is a DVD player that is embedded to the back of the front passenger seat.
Some contestants are randomly picked as they walk along the sidewalk, while others are selected in advance. Even so, those picked in advance are never actually told that the cab that is supposed to take them to the show turns out to be the show itself.
Near the end of the game at the player's destination Ben Bailey or Beth Melewski appears to present the cash won. In reality, this cash is a prop and used for on-air purposes only. The winnings, which must be taxed, are sent via check.
The Cash Cab in New York is a Toyota Sienna minivan with the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission call sign "1G12" in the first two seasons and during the After Dark shows. A new cab with the call sign of "7N78" has been used since, which also features new headliner lighting.
Melewski's Cash Cab is also a Toyota Sienna minivan with the Yellow Taxi call sign "4472".
Broadcast and syndication.
Reruns are currently airing on nuvoTV. The New York City version reruns air on the Quest network in the UK.
On October 26, 2009, MGM Television announced that the reruns would begin airing on local stations in January 2011. Stations are allowed the option to air the series as a daily strip or as a weekend series. Me-TV currently airs the New York episodes (summer 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="19920746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920746" title="Kids Pick the President">
Kids Pick the President

Kids Pick the President is a series of "campaign" specials produced by the Nickelodeon TV network, organized around a mock election to determine children's choice for the President of the United States. Since 1992, Kids Pick the President has accurately predicted the winner of each election with the sole exception of the 2004 race.
History.
The specials began in 1988 as part of a yearly "Kids Vote" election-related coverage, in part as a way to encourage children in Nickelodeon's audience to become engaged in the political process, and partly for comedic value.
The 1992 election was sponsored by Target Corporation, and promoted by newspaper advertisements. Children voted in-person at Target's stores, which were used as polling stations.
In the 1996 election, conducted by televote, children picked Bill Clinton over Bob Dole and Ross Perot.
In the 2000 poll, 400,000 people participated via an 800 number. Both Al Gore and George W Bush made campaign appearances at the Nickelodeon studios.
In 2004, Nickelodeon promoted the event with interstitials throughout its regular programming, features in Nickelodeon Magazine, online activities, and a book. Both John Kerry and George W. Bush declined to appear, stating they were too busy. The results were announced by Linda Ellerbee on "U-Pick Live". Kerry received 57 percent of the vote; President Bush got 43 percent. Thus far it has been the only vote in which Kids Pick the President did not correctly predict the actual election results.
In 2008, 2.2 million people participated in the event. Both major candidates participated, and filmed television commercials promoting the event. Participants were allowed to vote, without any voter eligibility or verification, on a non-partisan page of Nickelodeon's website that outlined the candidates' positions on various issues. Barack Obama received 51 percent (1,167,087 votes), and John McCain received 49 percent (1,129,945 votes). Linda Ellerbee announced the results live again in 2008.
In 2012 Obama won with 65% of the vote over Republican challenger Mitt Romney. Obama agreed to appear on the Nick News election special to give taped responses to participants' questions; Romney declined the invitation. This angered a lot of kids and parents, and Obama easily won by a landslide. Making it the biggest victory in the show's history.
Other children's elections.
The "Scholastic Election" has been conducted by Scholastic News every election year since 1940. It claims to have predicted the final election results correctly with two exceptions: Harry S. Truman's win over Thomas E. Dewey in the 1948 election and John F. Kennedy's win over Richard Nixon in the 1960 election.
The "Kids Voting" election takes place in school classrooms, as part of a curriculum exercise in the American democratic process, with different programs designed for kindergarten through high school students. It is a nationwide organization made up of local affiliates. Unlike the others, which generate publicity by announcing their results shortly before the general election, the Kids Voting election takes place on the actual election day.

</doc>
<doc id="19920752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920752" title="Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira">
Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira

Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira (born 16 January 1983 in Lisbon) is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for Atlético Clube de Portugal as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19920768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920768" title="42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron">
42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron

The 42d Expeditionary Airlift Squadron (42 EAS) is on provisional status in the United States Air Forces in Europe at Ramstein Air Base, Germany.
The 42d transported personnel and supplies to the Aleutian Islands from, May 1942-February 1944. Following its combat assignment the squadron served as a replacement training unit and participated in maneuvers from, March-April 1944.
It was reformed in 2008, reporting to Seventeenth Air Force, to fly missions relating to Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="19920781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920781" title="Charity Waciuma">
Charity Waciuma

Charity Waciuma is a Kenyan writer, who wrote several novels for adolescents and an autobiographical novel, "Daughter of Mumbi" (1969).
Charity Waciumbi grew up in pre-Independence Kenya, during the violent anti-colonial struggle between the Mau-Mau and British rulers. "Daughter of Mumbi" tells of the tensions felt by an adolescent who is torn between her allegiance to traditional identities (Mumbi was the mythical female founder of the Kikuyu) and a father (to whom the book is dedicated) who sees his support for British colonial rule as an allegiance to modernity.

</doc>
<doc id="19920806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920806" title="Leonid Kozik">
Leonid Kozik

Leonid Kozik () is the president of the Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus (FPB). Kozik was elected FPB president in 2002. Prior to assuming the FPB position, Kozik had been Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration. After the election of Kozik, FPB began receiving state subsidies in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19920816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920816" title="Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Paralympics">
Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Paralympics

Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of ten events.
Medal summary.
The competition event was:
The event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19920819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920819" title="John A. Campbell (lumber executive)">
John A. Campbell (lumber executive)

John Aloysius Campbell (June 20, 1941 – October 19, 2008) was a timber executive who served as president of the Pacific Lumber Company in the 1990s.
Early life.
Campbell was born on June 20, 1941 in Leura, New South Wales, outside of Sydney, Australia. His father was a recreational sailor who helped American ships navigate near the Great Barrier Reef, as part of assistance he provided to the United States Navy during World War II.
He obtained his early education in a one-room schoolhouse and later attended North Sydney Technical Collegeas well as Sydney Technical Institution for Wildlife Research.
Travels.
Campbell won a national life-saving competition and was an experienced surfer. After service in the Australian Army, his world travels included journeys to England, where he surfed off the coast of Cornwall, and was said by his son as having introduced the sport to the area. He traveled on to New York City, working at the Australian consulate there. He met his future wife Cynthia Carpenter in San Francisco, California in 1966.
High ranking executive.
Campbell was hired by Ed Carpenter, one time company president and father of Campbells then wife, to work the green chain. In time and through changes in administration he worked his way up the ranks to executive vice president in charge of forest products by 1985 and was named as the firm's president after the company was the subject of a hostile takeover by Charles Hurwitz. Campbell was named chief executive in 1993. In order to pay off the costs associated with the $900 million purchase of the company, Pacific Lumber increased the pace of cutting on the more than of timber it owned which included groupings of old-growth California redwoods. This more aggressive logging incurred the opposition of environmental groups, which staged protests aimed at stopping Pacific Lumber's logging efforts.
In 1999, Pacific Lumber's parent, Maxxam Inc., signed the Headwaters agreement, in which Pacific Lumber sold to the federal government and the State of California for $480 million, and The firm agreed to stricter environmental restrictions on logging on its remaining land. In October 2001, Pacific Lumber named Robert E. Manne as president and CEO replacing Campbell, who became the chairman of the firm's board of directors.
Personal life.
Campbell divorced his first wife, and was survived by his wife of 18 years, Margaret R. Campbell, whom he married in 1991. He died of cancer on October 19, 2008 in his home in Fortuna, California. He was elected to the Fortuna council in 2006, and was selected by his fellow councilmemebers to serve as mayor, a position he held until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19920822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920822" title="Dick Cleveland">
Dick Cleveland

Richard Fitch Cleveland (September 21, 1929 – July 27, 2002) was an American competition swimmer, three-time Pan American Games champion, and former world record-holder. 
Cleveland enrolled at Ohio State University, where he swam for the Ohio State Buckeyes swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition.
At the 1951 Pan American Games, he won gold medals in the men's 3x100-meter medley relay, 4x200-meter freestyle relay, and 100-meter freestyle. At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, he competed in the 100-meter freestyle but did not qualify for the event final.

</doc>
<doc id="19920824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920824" title="Uncial 0136">
Uncial 0136

Uncial 0136 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 91 (Soden), is a Greek-Arabic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 9th century. Formerly it was labelled by Θh. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 14:6-13; 25:9-16; 25:41-26:1, on 3 parchment leaves (33 cm by 27 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 16 lines per page, in large uncial letters.
It has breathings and accents.
The codex was taken from Sinai and now is located in the National Library of Russia (Gr. 281) in Saint Petersburg. 
The manuscript 0136 was part of the same codex to which Uncial 0137 belonged. They were divided in the 19th century and catalogued under different numbers. Uncial 0137 contains Matt. 13:46-52. It is Greek-Arabic diglot. It was found by Rendel Harris at Sinai.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Uncial 0137 is still located in Sinai Harris 9 in the Saint Catherine's Monastery in Mount Sinai in Egypt.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.

</doc>
<doc id="19920858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920858" title="Frantz Vitko">
Frantz Vitko

Frantz Vitko () was the president of the Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus (FPB) 2001-2002. Vitko, who had voiced criticism against the government, was persuaded to resign, and was replaced by Leonid Kozik.

</doc>
<doc id="19920881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920881" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of 48 events, 29 for men and 19 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19920884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920884" title="Principality of Arbanon">
Principality of Arbanon

The Principality of Arbanon or Albanon (Albanian: Arbër or Arbëria, ), was the first Albanian state during the Middle Ages. The state was established by "archon" Progon in the region of Kruja, in ca 1190. Progon, the founder, was succeeded by his sons Gjin and Demetrius, the latter which attained the height of the realm. After the death of Dhimiter, the last of the Progon family, the principality came under Gregory Kamonas, and later Golem. The Principality was dissolved on 1255.
Throughout its existence, the principality was an autonomous dependency of its neighbouring powers, first Byzantium and, after the Fourth Crusade, Epirus, while it also maintained close relations with Serbia.
Status.
According to some scholars, Progon's realm was the first Albanian state during the Middle Ages. Pipa and Repishti conclude that Arbanon was the first sketch of an "Albanian state", and that it retained semi-autonomous status as the western extremity of an empire (under the Doukai of Epirus or the Laskarids of Nicaea).
Before 1204, Arbanon was an autonomous principality of the Byzantine Empire. The titles "archon" (held by Progon) and "panhypersebastos" (held by Dhimiter) is a sign of Byzantine dependence. After 1204, the Albanians naturally followed the Despotate of Epirus, the successor of the Byzantine Empire. The Gëziq inscription mention the Progon family as "judices", and notes their dependence on Vladin and Đorđe Nemanjić (r. 1208–1216), the princes of Zeta. The rulers were connected to the Serbian Nemanjić dynasty, through marriage and alliances. In 1252, Golem submitted to the Empire of Nicaea.
History.
Background and Early history.
In the beginning the name "Arbanon" was applied to a region in the mountainous area to the west of Ohrid Lake and the upper valley of the river Shkumbin in 11th century AD. There are scarce sources about Arbanon. In 1166, "prior Arbanensis" Andrea and "episcopis Arbanensis" Lazarus participated in a ceremony held in Kotor (then under the Serbian Grand Principality). A year later in 1167, Pope Alexander III, in a letter directed to Lazarus, congratulates him for returning his bishopric to Catholic faith and invites him to acknowledge the archbishop of Ragusa as his superior. After some resistance from local officials, the bishopric of Arbanon was put under the direct dependence of the Pope, as documented in a Papal letter dated in 1188. Little is known about "archon" Progon who was the first ruler of Kruja and its surroundings, between 1190 and 1198. The Kruja fortress stayed in the possession of the Progon family, and Progon was succeeded by his sons Gjin, and later Dhimitër.
Reign of Demetrius Progoni.
Demetrius Progoni was the third and last lord of the Progon family, reigning between 1208 and 1216. He succeeded his brother Gjin and brought the principality to its climax. Contemporary Western sources attribute the titles "judex" ("judge") and "princeps Arbanorum" ("prince of the Albanians") to him, while Byzantine records refer to him as "megas archon" ("grand lord"). In 1208, Demetrius married Komnena Nemanjić, the daughter of Serbian Grand Prince, later King Stefan Nemanjić (r. 1196–1228). A brief alliance was established between the two countries amidst conflicts with the Republic of Venice. Demetrius’s marriage with Nemanja’s daughter did not rule out the risk of a Serbian expansion toward the Albanian domains. However, in 1204, the most serious threat came from the Venetian Duchy of Dyrrhachium, a Latin entity formed after the Fourth Crusade in the former territories of the Byzantine Empire. In search for allies, Dhimitër signed a treaty with the Republic of Ragusa in 1209 and began negotiations with Pope Innocent III regarding his and his subjects’ conversion to Catholicism. This is considered a tactful move, which Demetrius undertook to establish ties with Western Europe against Venice. The friendship with the pope was of short duration, and soon turned into ill-feeling.
Reign of Komnena Nemanjić and Gregory Kamonas.
After Demetrius died in 1215, the power was left to Komnena, who soon married Greek-Albanian Gregory Kamonas, who took power of Kruja, strengthening relations with Serbia, which had been weakened after a Serbian assault on Scutari. According to Frasheri, Kamonas was elected. Komnena had a daughter with Kamonas that married Golem.
Reign of Golem.
Demetrius had no son to succeed him. His wife, Komnena, remarried and had a daughter with Gregory Kamonas. The daughter married Golem, who was the lord of Kruja and Elbasan in ca 1254. During the conflicts between Michael II Komnenos Doukas of Epirus and Emperor John III Doukas Vatatzes, Golem and Theodore Petraliphas, who were initially Michael's allies, defected to John III in 1252. He is last mentioned in the sources among other local leaders, in a meeting with George Akropolites in Durrës in 1256.
The initial Nicaean conquest proved short-lived, as the region erupted in a pro-Epirote revolt that lasted until 1259.
Possessions.
Arbanon extended over the modern districts of central Albania, with the capital at Kruja.
The Kruja fortress, founded by the Byzantines, was the seat of Progon. Progon gained possession of the surroundings of the fortress which became hereditary. With the marriage of Komnena with Kamonas, Elbasan becomes the second important possession. Nderfandina is known as the most important center of this principality. For this was spoken clearly by the emblem of Arber found carved on a stone in the Catholic Church of Saint Maria.
Economy.
Arbanon was a beneficiary of the Via Egnatia trade road, which brought wealth and benefits from the more developed Byzantine civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="19920885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920885" title="Jaime Júnior">
Jaime Júnior


</doc>
<doc id="19920889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920889" title="Judge John L. Buckley House">
Judge John L. Buckley House

The Judge John L. Buckley House is a house in Enterprise, Mississippi listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is built in the bungalow style. Many of the bungalows built in Clarke County in the 1920s were one-story, undistinguished standardized housing. The Buckley House is more notable than these because of its detailing, which incorporated Colonial design elements. It is also somewhat larger, being one and a half stories tall, and it has a low-pitched roof with broad gables and a wraparound porch. It incorporates traditional design elements into a more modern residential design, and is one of the most sophisticated bungalow designs in Clarke County.

</doc>
<doc id="19920892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920892" title="Papa Can You Hear Me?">
Papa Can You Hear Me?

"Papa Can You Hear Me?" is the sixth single by British Hip hop trio, N-Dubz. The song is dedicated to the group's former manager Byron Contostavlos, who died shortly before the band were signed to new label All Around the World. The song later became their second top 40 hit.
Reception.
David Balls, writing for Digital Spy, wrote the following review: "N-Dubz seem proud to be a band who sell as many ringtones as they do actual tracks. 'Remember that boy driving you mad every morning on the No.42? He's listening to our music,' they proclaim on their MySpace page. Whether that's a good thing probably depends on your age, but anyone would find it tough to fathom the appeal of their latest pop-garage single. Though it feels a bit harsh to knock 'Papa Can You Hear Me', which is dedicated to the band's late relative and former manager Byron Contostavlos, N-Dubz push any goodwill to the limit here. The mix of uber-serious rapping and abrasive beats is fundamentally awkward, while their lyrics are as crass as they are heartfelt. By showing their softer side, the Camden collective are probably hoping to win some new fans, but they should probably stick to making hip-hop bangers in the futureside."
Music video.
The music video was premiered by the All Around the World label on their website on 13 October 2008 and has since received over 14 million views on YouTube. It includes Dappy holding onto a door knob after falling through singing in the air, Fazer running away and Tulisa floating in mid-air.
Charts.
On 23 November 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #30 on downloads alone. It became their second biggest hit peaking at #19, and at number #17 in the download chart. Following the single's success, it started falling down the Top 40, before climbing to #33 again, and finally falling to #47, where it stayed for 2 weeks. The song also peaked at #3 on the official R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19920898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920898" title="Menon II of Pharsalus">
Menon II of Pharsalus

Menon (in Greek Mενων, fl 431 BC) commanded a faction of Pharsalians who were among the Thessalians who came to the assistance of the Athenians when they were being attacked by the Peloponnesian army in the first year of the Peloponnesian War, 431 BC. At the time, he led a cavalry that was involved in a skirmish at Phrygia. He may be the son or grandson of Menon I of Pharsalus, and he may be the grandfather of Menon III of Pharsalus (who appears in Plato's "Meno"), via his son Alexidemus.

</doc>
<doc id="19920914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920914" title="List of Starsky and Hutch episodes">
List of Starsky and Hutch episodes

A list of episodes from the 1970s US series "Starsky and Hutch":

</doc>
<doc id="19920939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920939" title="Ice sledge hockey at the 1994 Winter Paralympics">
Ice sledge hockey at the 1994 Winter Paralympics

Ice sledge hockey at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of a men's event.

</doc>
<doc id="19920940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920940" title="RW Cephei">
RW Cephei

RW Cephei is a red hypergiant star in the constellation Cepheus. One of the largest stars known, RW Cephei is estimated at 1,260-1,610 solar radii. RW Cephei, which is nearly as large as the orbit of Jupiter, is the largest star in the constellation of Cephus, dwarfing V354 Cephei and VV Cephei A. RW Cephei is also a semi-regular variable star of type LC. Its surface is subject to pulsations in temperature and luminosity. Over the past 50 to 70 years it has varied from classes G8 to M0 with no discernable pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="19920944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920944" title="Pedro Queirós">
Pedro Queirós

Pedro Miguel Barbosa Queirós (born 8 August 1984 in Santo Tirso, Porto) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória F.C. as a right defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19920953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920953" title="Saint Thomas Health">
Saint Thomas Health

Saint Thomas Health (STH) is an integrated health delivery system based in Nashville, Tennessee. The name was shortened from Saint Thomas Health Services in 2011.
Saint Thomas Health is a member of Ascension Health, a Roman Catholic organization that is the largest not-for-profit health system in the United States. STH is composed of five hospitals: Saint Thomas and Baptist Hospitals and The Hospital for Spinal Surgery in Nashville, Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro and Hickman Community Hospital in Centerville. It also has affiliation agreements with some smaller hospitals which it does not own.
On May 10, 2010, Dr. Michael Schatzlein was named president and CEO, effective July 1, 2010.
Saint Thomas Heart.
A collaborative effort among its family of hospitals (Saint Thomas Hospital, Baptist Hospital, Middle Tennessee Medical Center and Hickman Community Hospital) and other clinics and health care facilities throughout Middle Tennessee and Southern Kentucky, Saint Thomas Heart provides complete cardiac services from more than 20 locations.
In 2008, Saint Thomas Heart was ranked #1 in Tennessee for Coronary Interventional Procedures by HealthGrades. The hospitals of Saint Thomas Heart also received five-star ratings for the treatment of heart failure and atrial fibrillation, coronary interventional procedures and coronary services. Saint Thomas Heart was also ranked among the top 5% in the nation for coronary interventions and the top 10% in the nation for cardiology services. Also in 2008, Thomson/Reuters named Saint Thomas Heart to its list of top 100 cardiovascular community hospitals.
Chest Pain Network.
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network is a division of Saint Thomas Health Services that coordinates with local emergency medical services (EMS) and hospitals to provide cardiac care services. The Chest Pain Network includes 15 hospitals in Tennessee and Kentucky, all accredited by the Society of Chest Pain Centers.
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network is among the largest networks of chest pain centers in the nation. The Accredited Chest Pain Center Model is an operational process for the care of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients, beginning from the moment EMS is called and continuing through discharge.
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network has extended the model to include different size facilities to provide treatment closest to the patient's home. This allows transfer into a specialized facility if additional care is required. In July 2008, the Chest Pain Network expanded into Southern Kentucky when Monroe County Hospital in Tompkinsville was added.
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network covers Tennessee and southern Kentucky. Members of the network include:
Neurosciences Institute.
The Saint Thomas Health Services Neurosciences Institute is among the Nashville area's most comprehensive brain, back, nervous system and spine centers. In 2008, independent health care rating company HealthGrades gave Saint Thomas a five-star rating for back and neck surgery.
Among the ailments and diseases treated through the Neurosciences Institute are stroke, brain tumors, ALS, sleep disorders, spine injuries, multiple sclerosis, chronic pain and Parkinson's disease.
The Saint Thomas Brain & Spine Tumor Center is a collaboration between the Neurosciences Institute and the Dan Rudy Cancer Center. Saint Thomas uses the Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery System, an advanced stereostatic radiotherapy treatment that focuses radiation to the shape of the tumor and results in minimum damage to surrounding tissue. The Saint Thomas Health Services Neurosciences Institute is the only health care center in Tennessee to provide Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery.
Bariatric Weight Loss Surgery Program.
The Saint Thomas Health Services Bariatric Weight Loss Surgery Program provides a variety of weight loss procedures to assist in the treatment of morbid obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, arthritis, asthma, acid reflux, infertility and high cholesterol. These bariatric procedures include the Laparoscopic Adjustable Gastric Band (LAP-BAND) System, Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass, Open or Laparoscopic Duodenal Switch and Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy.
Orthopedics.
STHS provides a number of orthopedic services through its family of hospitals. In 2008, the program was ranked in the top 5% in the nation for spine surgery by HealthGrades. Saint Thomas Orthopedics also received five-star ratings for overall orthopedic services, spine surgery, joint replacement, total knee replacement, back and neck surgery, and spinal fusion. Baptist Hospital's Joint Replacement Center was rated among the top 10 in Tennessee by HealthGrades for Joint Replacement.
Sports Medicine.
A specialized extension of its orthopedic program, Baptist Sports Medicine combines several services under its umbrella, including general orthopedics, physical therapy, aquatic therapy, athletic medicine and occupational therapy. Baptist Sports Medicine is the exclusive health care provider to the Tennessee Titans, Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association and Lipscomb University.
In 2007, Baptist Sports Medicine managing director Trent Nessler headed a research team to evaluate screening tests and evaluate their predictive value for athletic injury when used as a pre-assessment tool.
Baptist Sports Medicine clinics can be found throughout Middle Tennessee, with locations in downtown Nashville, Antioch, Bellevue, Brentwood, Centerville, Green Hills, Murfreesboro, Pleasant View, Rivergate and Spring Hill, as well as at Lipscomb University.
Life Therapies.
Life Therapies offers specialized rehabilitation therapy services in a relaxed, non-hospital atmosphere. Because the recovery process can be an emotionally difficult experience, Life Therapies services are located in clinics that are designed as a comfortable environment conducive to healing.
Life Therapies clinics offer services for a variety of stages in a patient's life, including treatment of lymphedema, and neurological, post-stroke, vestibular, pediatric, oncology and women's health issues. The staff consists of licensed physical, occupational and speech therapists. Life Therapies clinics focus on the patient experience, as well as on a strong clinical program, thus providing a unique approach to traditional rehabilitation.
Until January 2009, the Life Therapies services were provided under the umbrella of Baptist Sports Medicine. It was determined that creating the new Life Therapies service line would allow therapists and physicians to better treat patients who don't require traditional sports medicine.
The six clinics are found throughout Middle Tennessee, including locations at Baptist Medical Plaza I in downtown Nashville, Green Hills, Maryland Farms YMCA in Brentwood, Spring Hill and two locations in Murfreesboro.
Center for Pelvic Health.
The Center for Pelvic Health is made up of a multidisciplinary team to diagnose and treat pelvic health disorders, focusing on chronic pain and incontinence. The center touts the use of unique treatments, such as non-surgical interventions (cystoscopy, urodynamics, colposcopy and tibial nerve stimulation), pelvic floor physical therapy (postural and pelvic floor muscle evaluation), and surgical treatment options (diagnostic laparoscopy, awake pain mapping, urethral slings and advanced robotic techniques).
The Center for Pelvic Health is a referral center and works with patients' primary care physicians for treatment.
Women's Health.
STHS's hospitals partner together to provide women's health services that range from gynecology and breast health to pelvic health and birthing services. Baptist Hospital is also home to a level III neonatal intensive care unit.
Cancer Program.
STHS's Cancer Program uses innovative cancer treatments, integrated therapies and comprehensive education and prevention in the battle against cancer. An American College of Surgeons-accredited program, Saint Thomas Health Services provides treatment and prevention services for a number of forms of cancer, including brain, breast, cervical, colon, lung, ovarian, prostate, uterine, and others.
As part of its treatment, the Saint Thomas Health Services Cancer Program partners with world-renowned institutions, including Cleveland Clinic and Tennessee Oncology, to partake in community-based clinical trials in oncology and related therapies. In December 2008, Baptist Hospital's cancer program was recognized by the Commission on Cancer of the American College of Surgeons as offering the best in cancer care. Baptist Hospital received Three-Year Approval with Commendation from the Commission on Cancer.
Sponsorships.
STHS is the exclusive provider of medical services to the Tennessee Titans.
MissionPoint.
In 2012 Saint Thomas Health Services started an Accountable care organization called MissionPoint Health Partners. MissionPoint currently has more than 1400 participating physicians in its network.

</doc>
<doc id="19920961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920961" title="Bill Heusner">
Bill Heusner

William W. Heusner, Jr. (June 28, 1927 – August 9, 2002) was an American competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion.
Heusner represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England. He competed in the preliminary heats of the men's 400-meter freestyle, and finished eighth in the final of the men's 1,500-meter freestyle.
At the 1951 Pan American Games, Heusner won the silver medal in the men's 400-meter freestyle, and a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the men's 4×200-meter freestyle relay event, alongside relay teammates Dick Cleveland, Burwell Jones and Ronald Gora.

</doc>
<doc id="19920962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920962" title="Ice sledge speed racing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics">
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics

Ice sledge speed racing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of eight events, four for men and four for women.
Although seven countries (Norway, Austria, Canada, Estonia, Iceland, Japan and the Netherlands) took part, Norway pulled off an almost complete clean sweep of the medals, winning all eight gold medals, all eight silver, and seven of the eight bronze - with the sole other going to Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19920964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920964" title="Pangea3">
Pangea3

Pangea3 is a legal outsourcing services provider with headquarters in New York City and Mumbai, India. Pangea3 provides legal services and intellectual property services to in-house counsel in U.S., European and Japanese corporations and attorneys in international law firms. Pangea3 has been recognized as a leading legal outsourcing services company repeatedly since 2007, was voted best LPO in the New York Law Journal Reader Rankings from 2011 through 2013 and awarded LPO of the Year by India Business Law Journal from 2009 through 2013. 
Pangea3 was founded in 2004 by former Monster.com General Counsel, David Perla, and former OfficeTiger CFO and General Counsel, Sanjay Kamlani. Pangea3’s legal outsourcing services are managed and run primarily by U.S., U.K. and Indian attorneys. Pangea3 provides its legal outsourcing services from its India based offices and their Dallas, TX office.
In 2005, Pangea3 opened its first office in Mumbai with 35 employees. It has since grown to 1,000 U.S., U.K. and Indian attorneys, engineers, scientists and professionals providing global legal outsourcing services in seven offices across the United States and India. In 2006, Pangea3 received $4 million in Series B funding from the venture capital firm The GlenRock Group.A year later, it closed a $7 million Series C round of funding with venture capital firm Sequoia Capital India.[5 
In early 2008, Pangea3 opened an ISO 97001 compliant facility at Andheri, in Mumbai, India. Created primarily to house its expanded legal services departments, the facility expanded Pangea3’s capacity to 475 worldwide. In 2010, they became part of Thomson Reuters, a provider of information to legal and business professionals.
Awards and Recognition for Legal Outsourcing Services.
Voted Best LPO in the 2011 New York Law Journal Reader Rankings
Strategic Alliances.
In 2008, Pangea3 announced that it is a member of the General Counsel Roundtable’s Preferred Vendor Pricing Program. Pangea3 is the first and only legal outsourcing services provider participating in this program. The General Counsel Roundtable’s Preferred Vendor Pricing Program gives its members exclusive discounts on legal services from leading legal services providers. Other participating legal services companies include Serengeti, Lumen Legal and Black Letter Discovery.
Recently on 19 November 2010, Pangea3 has been acquired by the financial news and business information provider, Thomson Reuters. The total deal was valued at $100 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19920972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920972" title="Schreuder">
Schreuder

Schreuder is a Dutch occupational surname. Schreuder, from early Middle Dutch "scrodere", is an archaic term for either a a tayloror a porter (dock-worker, barrow-man).[http://gtb.inl.nl/iWDB/search?actie=article&wdb=VMNW&id=ID9450 People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19920974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920974" title="Juan Pedro">
Juan Pedro


</doc>
<doc id="19920996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920996" title="Herman Puig">
Herman Puig

Herman Puig (born G"erman Puig Paredes"' on 25 February 1928) is a pioneer of male nude photography. Born in Havana, Cuba where he began his early work, he rose to fame in France.
Biography.
Early Years.
He studied painting and sculpture in Cuba and filmed his first short "Sarna" before leaving for Paris at the age of 20 where he studied Audio Visual Techniques. In 1950 he worked for Henri Langlois director and co-founder of the Cinémathèque Française. This association lead to the foundation of the original Cinemateca de Cuba, officialised as an institution in 1948, and founded by Herman Puig and Ricardo Vigón, which would later be reborn in 1961 with the initiative of Alfredo Guevara and the then newly formed ICAIC as today's Cuba Cinemateca.
Although Cuban film history did not receive its official wings until the foundation of the ICAIC in 1959, Puig, along with a group that included Carlos Franqui, the future ICAIC cameraman Ramón F. Suárez, and the writers Edmundo Desnoes and Guillermo Cabrera Infante ('Tres Tristes Tigres') made a number of short films. Herman Puig, together with Carlos Franqui, made a short film (Carta de una madre, "Letter to a mother"). Puig and Edmundo Desnoes also made a short, "Sarna" (1952), which was produced and edited by cinematographer Ramón F. Suárez.
Cinema to Male Nude Photography.
In October 1950 Herman Puig travelled to Paris where he met with Henri Langlois, the director of the Cinémathèque Française. Their first encounter was brief but decisive as Henri Langlois agreed to supply him with French films for their Cinema Club of Havana (the early Cinemateca de Cuba) but on the condition that their small Cinema Club became an official institution as the Cinémathèque Française could only legally exchange films with a similar institution. Unforeseen political elements resulted in the closure of the Cinemateca a few months later and it would not open again until 1961, but Herman's love affair with France was cemented, along with his place in Cuban Cinema history.
From the 60s to the 70s Puig worked in advertising as a photographer and publicity filmmaker in Spain. It was in Madrid that he first started experimenting with male nudes but was arrested in an alleged drugs affair and charged as a pornographer under the climate of the socialist government. It was at this point that he moved to Paris in an attempt to prove to Spain and the world that he was not a pornographer but an artist and was accepted with almost universal acclaim. A little later he moved to Barcelona where he remains to this day.
Modern Herman.
Herman Puig continues photographing male and female nudes past the age of 80 and was made the subject of a film by David Boisseaux-Chical about his cultural exile from Cuba. In the film he continues to affirm his dislike at being associated with the worlds of pornography and homosexuality, simply for wanting to photograph male bodies as art instead of that of women. Puig recently spoke out along in his conference with author Zoé Valdés in Palma de Mallorca about beauty and art and the restrictions placed upon expression in Cuba.
The Hidden Cinemateca.
Puig has often stated that he was the original founder of the Cinemateca de Cuba, stating that the ICAIC, with the goal of making the myth live that the history of Cuban cinema began with the creation of the ICAIC in 1959, has hidden the truth from sight. The attempted suppression of his involvement, along with that of Ricardo Vigón, from history for political means has aided in sheltering Herman from the Cuban community as he frequently refuses to exhibit his work in Cuba in fear of his being mistaken as a sympathizer with the Communist regime. Herman Puig’s involvement in the history of the Cinemateca de Cuba remains in constant debate. In spite of the doubt surrounding Puig and Vigón, El Ateneo de Madrid officially acknowledged them as the founders of the Cinemateca de Cuba with a tribute to German Puig in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19920998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19920998" title="Rabbit Benton">
Rabbit Benton

Stanley W. "Rabbit" Benton (September 29, 1901 – June 7, 1984) was a Major League Baseball second baseman who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted and threw right-handed. Benton had four hits in 19 at-bats in six career games. He was born in Cannel City, Kentucky, and died in Mesquite, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19921025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921025" title="Ragnvald Sigurdsson">
Ragnvald Sigurdsson

Ragnvald Sigurdsson (750 – after 814) was a Lord on Huseby in Lista. Harald Granraude was king of Agder. He had two children: Gunhild Ragvaldsdatter and Olve Ragnvaldsson. He is most known for marrying his daughter Gunnhild to Harald Granraude, who was killed by Gudrød the Hunter. What happened to Ragvald after is not known. He is also known to be the great-great-grandfather of Harald Hårfagre.

</doc>
<doc id="19921048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921048" title="PGA National Golf Club">
PGA National Golf Club

PGA National Golf Club, the home of the Professional Golfers' Association of America, is located at the PGA National Resort & Spa in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. In August 2006, Century Golf Partners in conjunction with Walton Street Capital, LLC and SCS Advisors, Inc. acquired the resort.
Courses.
A fifth 18-hole golf course is located five miles west of PGA National:
Original club.
The original PGA National Golf Club (1964–1973) was adjacent to the east, presently known as BallenIsles Country Club. The Champions Course (now the East Course at BallenIsles) hosted the 1971 PGA Championship, Senior PGA Championship (1966–1973) and the original qualifying school tournaments for the PGA Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19921050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921050" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 73">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 73

The 73rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Cambria County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19921078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921078" title="Laura of Euthymius">
Laura of Euthymius

The Laura of Euthymius was a laura in Palestine founded by Saint Euthymius the Great in 420. 
The lavra, a cluster of cells for hermits around a church, was located in Adummim on the road from Jericho to Jerusalem and was based on the layout of the Pharan lavra, with small cells. Its church was dedicated by Juvenal, Bishop of Jerusalem on 7 May 428. Following the death of Euthymius on 20 January 473 the church was converted to a refectory and a new church and ceonobium were built above it. The ceonobium was the area that novitiate monks would receive training prior to admittance to a lavra of the Saba tradition. The new church was consecrated by Martyrius, Patriarch of Jerusalem, in 482 and the site thereafter became known as the Monastery of St. Euthymius.
The site was abandoned in the 12th century. In the 13th century, it was converted into a travellers' inn, Khan al-Ahmar, a caravanserai for pilgrims on the route between Jerusalem and Mecca via Nabi Musa. The site is east of Mishor Adumim, the industrial zone of Ma'ale Adumim.
The Laura at Euthymius was essential in the advancement and organisation of the sabaite (desert monastic) movement, and was central to the development of the non-Chalcedonian orthodoxy and miaphysism within Palestinian monasticism and Oriental Orthodoxy of the Eastern Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19921079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921079" title="Ken Hanna">
Ken Hanna

Kenneth L. Hanna (July 8, 1921 - December 10, 1982) was an American jazz trumpeter, arranger, composer and bandleader best known for his work with Stan Kenton. Hanna played in the trumpet section of the Stan Kenton Orchestra in the early 1940s and arranged many of Kenton's significant charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19921086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921086" title="Danilo Pereira da Silva">
Danilo Pereira da Silva

Danilo full name José Marcio Danilo Pereira da Silva (born 21 January 1989) is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Ituano Futebol Clube.
Biography.
Born in Alagoas state, Danilo started his career at Corinthians Alagoano and left for Centro Sportivo Alagoano in January 2008, signed a 3-year contract. The team won the state league and qualified to 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. In mid-2008, Danilo along with team-mate Fábio Henrique Lima and Mauricio were scouted by Romanian clubs, which Danilo left for Gloria Bistriţa. Danilo played his single appearance in Romanian Liga I on 21 September 2008, substituted Ciprian Petre in the 70th minute. That match the team lost 1-2 to CFR Cluj.
In January 2010, Danilo returned to Brazil for Campeonato Alagoano newcomer Santa Rita. Near to the end of the state league, in March 2010, he left for Viana to play for Maranhão state cup, which he scored 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19921095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921095" title="Hearth, Patio &amp; Barbecue Association">
Hearth, Patio &amp; Barbecue Association

Hearth, Patio & Barbecue Association (HPBA) is a U.S. trade organization that represents hearth appliance manufacturers, designers and retailers.
Headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, HPBA hosts industry conferences, lobbies for legislation at federal and state levels, and provides data on sales and manufacturing output for the hearth industry. HPBA has also worked with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to encourage the manufacturing and installation of hearth appliances that produce lower levels of air pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="19921106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921106" title="J.A.M. Awards">
J.A.M. Awards

The J.A.M. Awards, founded in 2007, are the first socially responsible awards created within the hip-hop community. The awards are inspired by Jam Master Jay's efforts to promote social Justice, Arts and Music ("J.A.M.") in his local community and around the world. The J.A.M. Awards select three honorees from the hip-hop community, one in the field of social Justice, on in the arts and another in Music. Candidates are selected based upon the impact they have made in their respective category and their record of helping others. The J.A.M. Awards were created by David Clark, founder and CEO of DavidClarkCause and EPOP International, and graffiti artist Kaves.
Awards Shows.
2007 J.A.M. Awards.
Hosted by Terri Corley-Mizell, the wife of the late Jam Master Jay, along with RUN DMC members DMC and Rev Run, the inaugural J.A.M. Awards honored Chuck D in the category of social Justice, Lee Quinones in the Arts, and Wyclef Jean in Music. The J.A.M. Awards featured performances and introductions by DMC, Rev Run, Snoop Dogg, Raekwon, M.O.P., Jim Jones, Papoose, Everlast featuring DJ Muggs, Kid Capri, De La Soul, Mobb Deep, Dead Prez, EPMD, LL Cool J, Biz Markie, and Marley Marl. The concert was held at New York City's Hammerstein Ballroom on November 29, 2007 and was produced by EPOP International and Empire Entertainment. The concert was also filmed and shown as a Current TV broadcast special.

</doc>
<doc id="19921135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921135" title="Forsvarets Stabsmusikkorps">
Forsvarets Stabsmusikkorps

Forsvarets stabsmusikkorps (FSMK) (lit., The Staff Band of the Norwegian Armed Forces) is Norway's largest professional wind band, employing 39 full-time musicians. FSMK is based in Oslo and is the most prestigious of the bands of the Norwegian Armed Forces.
The band participates in parades and ceremonies for Norwegian royalty, the government and the armed forces, and tours throughout Norway and abroad. In addition, the band has an extensive concert schedule in the Oslo area.
FSMK has strong relations with the Norwegian National Opera, Norwegian Academy of Music, Akershus
Fortress Foundation for Art and Culture, Oslo Chamber Music Festival, and Ny Musikkk, the Norwegian section of the International Society for Contemporary Music. The band maintains a high artistic standard and performs a wide variety of musical styles; classical and contemporary, as well as jazz and pop.
FSMK works with renowned conductors from Norway and abraod, on a project basis. The Staff Band's recordings have consistently received critical acclaim.
History.
Military music in Norway has its roots in the 17th century when the pipers (flautists) together with the drummers made up the first military bands. In 1641, all companies had drummers, pipers, trumpeters and horn players, that formed small ensembles. These ensembles performed different kinds of signals and fanfares at military operations and ceremonies, and were connected to the Akershus fortress. It was in 1818 that the first military ensembles similar to today's bands were created.
Within the Stabsmusikkorps ved Hærordningen of 1817, which was put into effect the 1st of January 1818, it was decided that the 2nd Agersusiske Brigade would have a military band, and the name was the 2nd Brigades Musikkorps (military band). In 1918, all of the brigades were renamed to divisions, and subsequently the band's name changed to the 2nd Division Musikkorps (military band). The band had this name until 1953, when the classification into divisions was abandoned, and the band was renamed Forsvarets stabsmusikkorps (The Staff Band of the Norwegian Armed Forces).
Ridehuset.
In October 2007, FSMK moved into the newly restored Ridehuset på Akershus festning. Ridehuset, once a riding stable on the Akershus fortress, is now the permanent rehearsal and concert arena for Forsvarets stabsmusikkorps. Ridehuset is today a modern, stylish concert house tailored to the needs of Stabsmusikken. The house holds a large stage, wardrobes, a music library, storage facilities and seating for 200 - 250 people. Due in part to the excellent acoustics, Ridehuset has become a very popular arena for other ensembles in Oslo. The Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, Oslo Sinfonietta and the Ultima festival, among others, will be holding concerts in Ridehuset during the 2008/2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19921136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921136" title="Battle of Taipale">
Battle of Taipale

The Battle of Taipale was fought between Soviet and Finnish forces during the Winter War, 6.-27. December 1939. The Finns managed to hold their defensive position at the eastern end of the Mannerheim Line, close to the shore of Lake Ladoga, till the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19921152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921152" title="Cultural Institutions Group">
Cultural Institutions Group

One hundred and thirty years ago, New York City and dedicated groups of private citizens established a new pattern of public-private partnerships that would prove to have an enormous impact on the future growth and reputation of the city. These partnerships were not for investment purposes, real estate development or industrial acquisitions. They did not involve large sums of money, nor were they heralded publicly as major new initiatives. There were only a handful of prototypes for these partnerships in the late 19th century, and today, after more than a century of expansion, there are 34 examples throughout the five boroughs of the city. The list of New York City's partners in this historic venture is a familiar one:
These private organizations comprise the cultural backbone of New York City. They and the city are linked through formal partnership agreements which have guaranteed a measure of public funding to the institutions. In return, the cultural organizations have produced a diverse array of public services and amassed world-famous collections ranging from rare art and specimens to endangered plants and animals.
About the CIG.
The basic framework for the public-private partnerships between New York City and its 34 cultural institutions was established in the 19th century. The original concept of the partnerships has succeeded beyond its founders' most ambitious expectations. And it has created a mutual dependence: New York could not be a world-class city without the institutions, and the institutions could not survive without the city.
The History of the Cultural Partnerships.
1877-1945: The Original Partnerships.
In the last quarter of the 19th century, the City of New York began a comprehensive planning effort to cope with its rapid growth and to establish itself as a major world city. The State of New York passed legislation that incorporated the institutions and authorized the city to build facilities and lease them and the city-owned parkland on which they sat to the new private institutions. The partnership stipulated that the city would provide these institutions with land, facilities and funds for maintenance and security. The private institutions in turn would develop specialized cultural services and collections which would be available to the general public. The model married the traditions of European subsidy for the arts with American independence and capitalism. The pattern was established with the American Museum of Natural History in 1877, followed by The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1878; New York Botanical Garden, 1891; Bronx Zoo, 1895; Brooklyn Museum, 1897; Brooklyn Children's Museum, 1899. After the turn of the 20th century, four additional organizations negotiated agreements with the city (Staten Island Institute of Arts and Sciences, 1908; Brooklyn Botanic Garden, 1909; Museum of the City of New York, 1922; Staten Island Zoological Society, 1936).
1945-1960: Conflict and Resolution.
From 1952 to 1967, an additional five organizations would begin to receive regular city support (Brooklyn Academy of Music, 1952; Queens Botanical Garden, 1962; New York Hall of Science, 1965; Wave Hill, 1965; Staten Island Historical Society, 1967). In the 1950s the city and the cultural organizations engaged in protracted discussions over the issue of wages and working conditions of employees who were city reimbursed. Following a strike action against eight of the institutions in 1958 and 1959, the institutions met in 1960 in an informal organization which came to be known as the Cultural Institutions Group (CIG). The labor settlement that was eventually reached was an unconventional one that involved "tri-partite" bargaining and obligated the institutions and the City of New York to negotiate (and the city to pay for) wage and benefit increases, while working conditions were negotiated between the union and the individual organizations.
1960-1976: In Search of a Cultural Policy.
Having recognized a valuable community of interests, the CIG continued to meet to address other issues. In 1962, Mayor Robert F. Wagner, Jr. established a mayoral Office of Cultural Affairs (OCA) that pre-dated the National Endowment for the Arts. In 1967, Mayor John V. Lindsay moved the OCA functions into the newly titled Department of Parks and Recreation and Cultural Affairs (PRCA). Program grants expanded considerably, and a number of newer organizations began to make the case for city operating support including Bronx County Historical Society, Bronx Museum of the Arts, El Museo del Barrio, Jamaica Arts Center, Queens Theatre in the Park, Queens Museum of Art, Staten Island Children's Museum, and the Studio Museum in Harlem. In 1974, Mayor Abraham D. Beame appointed the Committee on Cultural Policy, which recommended removing cultural affairs from PRCA and that the city concentrate its funding in the areas of facilities and basic support.
1976-1990: New Institutions, DCA and Budget Cycles.
Enabling legislation for a Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) was passed in 1975, and the new department began to operate in 1976. In 1978, Mayor Edward I. Koch took office as the city began to climb out of its fiscal crisis. He agreed that the seven newer organizations and the New York State Theater should receive regular city support for operating expenses. And seven cultural organizations would also begin to receive this category of support including Snug Harbor Cultural Center, 1981; Museum of the Moving Image, 1982; Institute for Contemporary Art P.S.1, 1982; The New York Public Theater, 1982; New York City Center, 1981; Staten Island Botanical Garden, 1983; and Carnegie Hall, 1986.
A new budget scenario developed in the early 1980s and became more refined each year: the city administration recommended a budget for DCA which was less than it eventually expected to approve. Eleventh hour negotiations produced budget restorations.
DCA worked closely with the institutions to achieve increased equity and consistency in heat and energy allocations, health benefits, and pension coverage. The Mayor’s Cultural Affairs Advisory Commission supported and lobbied for the larger institutions in getting permission to perform major capital projects in a "pass-through" mechanism which by-passed some of the obstacles of the city bureaucracy.
1990-2006: Government Transitions and the Budget Dance.
By the 1990s, two new organizations had joined the ranks of the CIG: Flushing Town Hall and the Museum of Jewish Heritage. With a new city charter redistributing budgeting powers from the Board of Estimate to the Mayor and a larger City Council and the implementation of term limits in 2001, the tentative pas de deux of the 1980s budget negotiations became a full-fledged ballet in the 1990s. Between 1980 and 2007, there were only two years when the proposed Executive Budget and the Adopted Budget for the Department of Cultural Affairs were the same.
2007: End of the Dance?
Admirably, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn closed the curtain on the annual budget dance on January 24, 2007 by jointly announcing a preliminary budget for 2008 that established a new base level of funding for cultural organizations. In addition, the administration brought new reforms to the city’s approach to cultural funding. The agency increased its competitive Cultural Development Fund nearly tenfold to $30 million to support non-CIG organizations. It was only appropriate that DCA support the host of cultural organizations that had developed and flourished in New York as a direct result of the city’s decision 130 years prior to invest in the cultural partnerships that became the foundation of its cultural policy.
The State of New York's Cultural Partnerships.
The Original Concept.
Since the American Museum of Natural History entered into its historic agreement with the City of New York in 1877, the concept of public-private partnerships between the city and its 34 cultural institutions has remained elegant in its simplicity and effectiveness. The basic tenet of the relationship has consistently been that the city will provide facility and operating support, while the institutions will assemble the expertise and private funding necessary for the management of their collections, performances and public education programs. This fundamental division of responsibility has not changed in 130 years, and it has continued to produce a combination of professional excellence and institutional dedication to the public.
Measuring the Achievements.
No other city in the United States, and few in the world, can boast of a group of cultural organizations that even approach the New York institutions. The CIG includes museums for children, art, "living" collections (zoos and botanical gardens), history and natural history, science, and centers for performing arts and film. The sheer scale upon which these organizations operate is phenomenal:
• 18.3 million people attend each year, including 2.3 million children.
• Collectively, the institutions (many of which are in landmarked facilities) occupy over 258 buildings, comprising over of exhibition space, close to 20,000 theater seats and of zoos and botanical gardens.
• Their operating budgets exceed $830 million, leveraging an additional $7.30 in support for every $1 provided by the city.
• Nearly 11,000 people are employed by the institutions, including 6,205 full-time and 4,559 part-time employees in positions that include curators, educators, food service workers, fundraisers, guards, janitors, marketers, and retail clerks, among many more.
The Dynamics of the Partnership.
New York's position as the first city in the nation is considerably dependent on its dominance in such opinion setting and culturally-related industries as communications, media, publishing and fashion. Together with the cultural institutions, these industries form a critical mass which creates an intangible, but powerful, aura around New York. Government could not and would not accomplish this alone. The private nature of the cultural institutions is what makes the partnership work. But the partnership is a symbiotic relationship, and these private institutions could not sustain their work without the investment of the public sector.
Extraordinary Public Service and Collections.
The CIG institutions include national and international leaders in their fields. Collection based institutions include international repositories for significant collections of art, rare objects, artifacts and endangered species of plants and animals. Performing arts organizations present local, national and international music, drama, and dance companies. Extensive public service programs are provided by the CIG institutions, including education programs which last year involved more than 2.3 million children. But these institutions do more than provide a resource for New York’s schoolchildren. They also generate regional, national, and international tourism to the city and generate important tax revenues.
The Future of New York’s Cultural Policy.
The philosophy behind the city’s relationship with the city-funded cultural institutions is based on the premise that these institutions are public facilities established and maintained as part of DAC's Charter mandate to “plan, acquire, design, construct, improve and manage facilities for the conduct of cultural activities by the city.” 
As the cultural institutions mark the 130th anniversary of their partnership with the City of New York, now is the time to renew and celebrate a commitment that ensured that this city would become a global cultural destination. The future health of the cultural partnerships is a central and indispensable feature of the government’s support of the arts. A cultural policy of the City of New York does not end with its cultural institutions—it begins with them.
External links.
New York State Theater:
WCS:

</doc>
<doc id="19921172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921172" title="Matti Raekallio">
Matti Raekallio

Matti Raekallio (born in Helsinki, 1954) is a Finnish pianist.
He has performed in Europe, the U.S. and Asia, having debuted at the Carnegie Recital Hall in 1980. A professor at the Swedish Royal College of Music (1994-1995), Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover (2005-2010) and the Sibelius Academy (1998-2008 ), Raekallio trained Antti Siirala and Gergely Boganyi at the latter. He is a scholar on piano playing technique and a former member of the Research Committee on Culture and Society of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters. He teaches at the Juilliard School since 2007, while giving master classes in many countries. 
Raekallio has recorded about 20 CDs, including Sergey Prokofiev's complete Piano Sonatas and Aarre Merikanto's, Anton Rubinstein's and Einar Englund's Piano Concertos for Ondine.

</doc>
<doc id="19921185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921185" title="Edward L. Schneider">
Edward L. Schneider

Edward L. Schneider is a Professor of gerontology at the USC Leonard Davis School of Gerontology, Professor of medicine at the Keck School of Medicine of USC, with a joint appointment in biological sciences and molecular biology at the Dornsife College of Letters, Ars and Sciences.
He attended Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and went on to graduate cum laude from the Boston University School of Medicine. Upon completion of medical school, Schneider received the Distinguished Alumnus Award in May 1990. In 1986, Schneider joined the faculty at the USC Leonard Davis School of Gerontology. Previously he was the deputy director of the National Institute on Aging and the Chief of the Laboratory of Molecular Genetics, Gerontology Research Center, National Institute on Aging. At the National Institute on Aging, Schneider and his colleagues were instrumental in creating the first national Alzheimer Disease Research Centers, the first Teaching Nursing Homes and assisting in the development of Geriatric programs throughout the United States. 
Schneider was Professor of Medicine and Director of the Davis Institute on Aging at the University of Colorado and founder of the Colorado Gerontology Society. Schneider played an important role in the creation of the Buck Institute on Aging in Novato, CA where he was the Scientific Director from 1989 to 1999.
Schneider was the first recipient of the William and Sylvia Kugel Chair of Gerontology at the University of Southern California. Schneider is the Senior Advisor for Special Projects for the Los Angeles Jewish Home for the Aging. Schneider is also a consultant to many long-term care companies. 
Schneider researches molecular genetic aspects of cellular aging, DNA damage and repair with aging, and health care costs of an aging population. Some of his best known publications include the development with Dr. N. P. Singh of the “comet” assay for single cell DNA damage.
Schneider is the chairperson of the Advisory Committee to the Los Angeles County Forensic Elder Abuse Center. Schneider has also been extensively involved in litigation concerning elder abuse working for both plaintiffs and defendants. 
Schneider has published over 180 research articles, some with Henry Jay Forman and 14 books including "What the Doctor Hasn’t Told You and What the Heath Store Clerk Doesn’t Know", with Leigh Ann Hirschman. Schneider is also the author of "AgeLess: Take Control of Your Age and Stay Youthful for Life".
Schneider has been interviewed by numerous media outlets, previously appearing on Larry King Live, Good Morning America, CNN, CBS, NBC and BBC, and in print stories by Forbes, Newsweek, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal.
Schneider has raced sailboats for several decades and was an offshore sailing coach for the US Naval Academy sailing team. 
References.
BU Alumni Award http://www.bumc.bu.edu/medalumni/alumni-engagement/alumni-awards/past-recipients-of-the-distinguished-alumnusalumna-award/
CV http://www.usc.edu/projects/nexus/faculty/dept-ldsg/schneideredward/ELS%20CV%203-19-03.pdf
Nature Publications

</doc>
<doc id="19921214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921214" title="Larraintzar">
Larraintzar

Larrainzar is a village in Navarra, Spain. It is the capital of the municipality of Ultzama and had 129 inhabitants in 2011.
José Ángel Ziganda, former footballer for Osasuna and Athletic Bilbao, was born in Larrainzar.

</doc>
<doc id="19921216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921216" title="Earl Moran">
Earl Moran

Earl Steffa Moran (December 8, 1893 – January 17, 1984), born in Belle Plaine, Iowa, was a 20th Century pin-up and glamour artist. Moran's first instruction in art came under the direction of John Stich, an elderly German artist who also taught the great illustrator W.H.D. Koerner. Moran also studied with Walter Biggs at the Chicago Art Institute.
Moran later studied at the famed Art Students League in Manhattan, where he took instruction from the muralists Vincent Drumond, Robert Henri, Thomas Fogarty (Norman Rockwell's teacher), and the legendary anatomist George Bridgman. After moving back to Chicago in 1931 and opening a small studio where he specialized in photography and illustration, he sent some paintings of bikini-clad girls to two calendar companies; when both Brown and Bigelow and Thomas D. Murphy Company bought the work, his career was officially launched.
Moran signed an exclusive contract with Brown and Bigelow in 1932 and by 1937, his pinups had sold millions of calendars for the company. In 1940, "Life" ran a feature article entitled "Speaking of Pictures" which mostly focused on Moran's work and made him a national celebrity. In 1941, Moran helped the magazine publisher, Robert Harrison, to launch a new men's magazine called "Beauty Parade", and he later contributed pin-ups to other Harrison magazines such as "Flirt, Wink" and "Giggles". 
In 1946, Moran moved to Hollywood though he had already painted many movie stars including Betty Grable, for publicity posters. Soon after his arrival, he interviewed a young starlet named Norma Jean Dougherty who wanted to model for him. For the next four years, Marilyn Monroe posed for Moran and the two became friends. She always credited him with making her legs look better than they were as she felt they were too thin. Moran's work during this time period is now his most valuable; a Moran "Marilyn" pastel sold for $83,650, nearly doubling the previous record for one of his works, when the Craig MacMillan collection was sold at Heritage Auctions in February 2011.
Moran lived in the San Fernando Valley from 1951 to 1955, hosting fabulous parties, directing and starring in short television films, painting portraits of Earl Carroll's Vanities Girls, and maintaining his position as a star of the pin-up world.
After a move to Las Vegas (circa 1955) and several years of living in the fast lane, Moran decided to devote his time to painting fine-art subjects, with nudes as his favorite theme. Signing with Aaron Brothers Galleries, he painted for collectors until 1982, when his eyesight failed. An interesting note, some of his earlier works for Harrison were signed "Steffa" or "Black Smith"
Moran died in Santa Monica, CA on January 17, 1984

</doc>
<doc id="19921220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921220" title="Papyrus 41">
Papyrus 41

Papyrus 41 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_141, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek and Coptic. It is a diglot, it is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 8th century. 
Description.
The Greek text of the papyrus contains: 
Acts 17:28-18:2.17-18.22-25.27; 19:1-4.6-8.13-16.18-19; 20:9-13.15-16.22-24.26-38; 21:3.4.26-27; 22:11-14.16-17. 
The Coptic text of the papyrus contains: Acts 17:30-18:2.25.27-28; 19:2-8.15.17-19; 20:11-16.24-28; 20:36-21:3; 22:12-14.16-17. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Western text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
In Acts 21:1 it reads Παταρα και Μυρα for Παταρα, the reading is supported by Dgr gig (itph Hyram) vgmss copsa;
It is currently housed at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek (Pap. G. 17973, 26133, 35831, 39783) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19921236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921236" title="List of Irish-language radio stations">
List of Irish-language radio stations

This is a list of the Irish-language radio stations in Ireland.
Irish-language radio stations.
There are six radio stations that broadcast entirely in Irish:

</doc>
<doc id="19921249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921249" title="Edmond Couchot">
Edmond Couchot

Edmond Couchot is a French digital artist and art theoretician.
Life and work.
Couchot is a Doctor of aesthetics in the visual arts. From 1982-2000 he headed the department of Arts and Technologies of the Image at the University Paris VIII. He continues to take part in speculative and hands-on study of digital imagery and virtual reality at University Paris VIII.
As a theoretician Dr. Couchot is interested in the connection between art and technology, in particular between the visual arts and data-processing techniques. He has published approximately 100 articles on the digital and 3 books.
As a visual artist Dr. Couchot formed cybernetic devices requiring the participation of the spectator in the 1960s. He has extended his investigate with digital interactive work and has been involved in numerous international digital art exhibitions.
References.
Articles.
actes du colloque La pensée de l’image, revue Littérature, 1994.
« The Automatization of Figurative Techniques: towards the Autonomous Image », in Media Art History (titre provisoire), MIT Press, EU.
Books.
A tecnologia na arte. Da fotografica à realidade virtual, (traduction en portugais par Sandra Rey de La technologie dans l’art. De la photographie à la réalité virtuelle), 2003, Universidade federal do Rio Grande do Sul, 319 pages.
Réédition en 2005, chez le même éditeur, collection "Champs".
Ces œuvres (in progress) ont subi de très nombreuse modifications depuis leur origine et ont fait l'objet des expositions suivantes
Digital Installations.
 et multisensorielles (Boulogne-Billancourt ; France)
La Maison Européenne de la Photographie a acquis l’œuvre Je souffle à tout vent, en septembre 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19921282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921282" title="Menon (Trojan)">
Menon (Trojan)

Menon (in Greek Mενων) was a Trojan soldier killed by Leonteus in the Trojan War as detailed by Homer in the Iliad (XII.201).
There is also a Trojan chieftain or king by the same name, mentioned by the twelfth-century Icelandic writer Snorri Sturluson in his prologue to the Prose Edda. Snorri states the chieftain's name as Múnón, yet also called Mennón. It is uncertain whether Snorri is referring to this Menon, the Trojan soldier, or to Memnon, or to someone else. According to Snorri, Múnón was one of the twelve chieftains who dwelt in Troy in the stronghold with the High King. Múnón was wedded to the daughter of the High King at that time, Priam. The daughter's name was Tróán. According to Snorri, Múnón and Tróán had a child named Trór, "whom," Snorri states, "we call Thor." Thus, in Snorri's euhemerized account of Norse mythology, Múnón is the father of Thor, who, according to Snorri, is the ancestor (eighteen generations later) of Odin.

</doc>
<doc id="19921298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921298" title="Angus Cumming">
Angus Cumming

Angus Cumming produced the first collection of Strathspeys to be published by a person from Strathspey. His "Collection of Strathspeys or Old Highland Reels" was published in (1780) and contains 60 tunes. 
Angus Cumming himself claims in the preface that he follows the profession of his forefathers in being a Musician in Strathspey. Thomas Newte in his "Tour of England and Scotland" in 1781 attributes the strathspey style to the Brownes of Kincardine on-Spey and the Cummings of Freuchie. now Grantown-on-Spey
Angus Cumming describes the Strathspey as an ‘Old Highland Reel’ and indeed twenty six of the tunes in the collection appear with an alternative Gaelic title. It is most likely that Angus Cumming would have spoken Gaelic and he would have been surrounded by people who did so, on an everyday basis. The Gaelic influence in the area and the music is most probably where the dotted rhythms of the Strathspey originated, coming from both Gaelic speech patterns and the bagpipes. 
Within the collection, we can find a number of cases, eighteen tunes in all, where there is an irregular use of either the dotted rhythm or the key signature. Whether these are errors in printing or intentional is not known.
Nearly a third of the tunes contained in the collection were never published before. Many which had been published before were transformed into Strathspeys rather than straight undotted reels and in ways which are rhythmically much more complex than before.
External links.
Biographical Sketches Of Early Scottish Musicians and Musicsellers[http://www.ibiblio.org/fiddlers/Glenbios.htm]
Music of Scotland [http://www.ltscotland.org.uk/nq/resources/musicofscotland/fiddle/afiddle.htm]
The Fiddle Music of North East Scotland[http://www.abdn.ac.uk/elphinstone/kist/search/display.php?lwee34.dat]
Early Scottish Music Publications[http://roycampbell.tk/music/angus-cumming/]

</doc>
<doc id="19921315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921315" title="Peter Levinson">
Peter Levinson

Peter James Levinson (1 July 1934 Atlantic City, New Jersey - 21 October 2008 Malibu) was an American music publicist and biographer, particularly of jazz musicians.
Education.
Levinson took his bachelor's at the University of Virginia, where he wrote on jazz in the university paper.
Career.
After completing service in the Army in Korea, he wrote freelance on jazz music in New York City and took a job at Columbia Records in the late 1950s. His first job as a publicist was with Jack Jones, beginning in 1962. He spent nearly fifty years in the music industry as a promoter and representative for stars such as Count Basie, Artie Shaw, Woody Herman, Lalo Schifrin, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Chuck Mangione, Dave Brubeck, Rosemary Clooney, Erroll Garner, Stan Getz, Peggy Lee, Bill Evans, Dexter Gordon, Maynard Ferguson, Pete Fountain, Art Garfunkel, Bud Shank, Phyllis Diller, George Shearing, Chick Corea, Jim Hall, Benny Carter, Charlie Byrd, Louie Bellson, Dee Dee Bridgewater, Jack Lemmon, and Mel Tormé.
Levinson's publicity work also extended into television and film, working on "Dallas", "Z", "Fiddler on the Roof", and "Kramer vs. Kramer". He founded his own company, Peter Levinson Communications, which was based initially in New York; though he reduced his clientele in the 1980s and 1990s, he continued to represent clents into the early 2000s. He also helped orchestrate the 1986 introduction of a postage stamp in honor of Duke Ellington.
Late in his career, Levinson began writing biographies, completing works on Harry James, Nelson Riddle, and Tommy Dorsey. A biography of Fred Astaire was completed just before his death, and was published in 2009: "Puttin' on the Ritz: Fred Astaire and the Fine Art of Panache," St. Martin's Press ; ISBN 9780312353667; ISBN 0312353669.
Later life and death.
Levinson contracted amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 2006, which prevented him from speaking; he used a type-to-speech computer and continued writing. He died as the age of 74 after a fall at his home in Malibu, California on October 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19921324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921324" title="Kakrina">
Kakrina

Kakrina () is a village in central northern Bulgaria, part of Lovech Municipality, Lovech Province. It lies in the central Fore-Balkan Mountains, at an altitude of . As of 2008, it has a population of 298.
Kakrina is mainly famous as the site of the Kakrina Inn (Къкринско ханче, "Kakrinsko hanche") where national hero Vasil Levski was captured by the Ottoman government in 1872. The inn is today a museum and one of the official 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19921328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921328" title="1984 Peach Bowl">
1984 Peach Bowl

The 1984 Peach Bowl featured the Purdue Boilermakers of the Big Ten against the of the ACC. Virginia defeated Purdue 27-24 in the first bowl game in school history.
Purdue jumped out to a 24-14 halftime lead, However, Virginia scored the only points of the second half with a touchdown and two field goals in order to pull out the win. Purdue quarterback Jim Everett passed for 253 yards and three touchdowns, but the Boilermakers gained just 75 yards rushing and committed four turnovers in their first bowl loss. Purdue finished the season 7-5 and tied for 2nd place in the Big Ten. Virginia finished 8-2-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19921348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921348" title="1992 Monte Carlo Open">
1992 Monte Carlo Open

The 1992 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 86th edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1992 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 20 through April 26, 1992. Thomas Muster won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19921359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921359" title="Joomsef">
Joomsef

ARTIO JoomSEF is a SEO (Search Engine Optimization) component for Joomla! Content Management System that rewrites URLs to be Search Engine Friendly (SEF) and to be human easily understandable. It works with multilingual sites by integrating JoomFish component support. It enables users full customization of wide range of meta tags for any URL of the website and works with both Apache HTTP Server and IIS.
It is written in the PHP programming language and uses the MySQL database by default.

</doc>
<doc id="19921386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921386" title="U.S. Route 62 in New York">
U.S. Route 62 in New York

U.S. Route 62 (US 62) is a part of the U.S. Highway System that runs from the United States–Mexico border at El Paso, Texas, to Niagara Falls, New York. In the U.S. state of New York, US 62 extends from the New York–Pennsylvania border south of Jamestown to an intersection with New York State Route 104 (NY 104) in downtown Niagara Falls. It bypasses the city of Jamestown and serves the cities of Buffalo and Niagara Falls, along with several villages. It is the only north–south mainline U.S. highway in Western New York.
US 62 was extended into New York and originally overlapped the state highways that had previously been designated along its routing—namely NY 18, NY 60, NY 83, and NY 241. These overlaps were eliminated individually during the 1940s and 1960s. The last of the four overlaps, with NY 18 from Dayton to Niagara Falls, was removed .
US 62 has one special route, US 62 Business, located in Niagara Falls. US 62 Business is a former routing of US 62 within the city and was once NY 62A.
Route description.
Maintenance of the New York segment of US 62 is handled by several jurisdictions. In Chautauqua, Cattaraugus, and Niagara counties, the route is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT). In Erie County, US 62 is locally maintained within the cities of Buffalo and Lackawanna and county-maintained in Amherst between NY 263 and NY 324 as County Route 152 (CR 152). The remainder of the highway in the county is state-maintained.
Chautauqua and Cattaraugus counties.
US 62 crosses the New York–Pennsylvania border and enters New York southeast of the city of Jamestown in Chautauqua County. The route proceeds northward through the town of Kiantone, paralleling the course of Conewango Creek, which lies to the east to the highway. As it approaches the vicinity of the hamlet of Stillwater, US 62 crosses Stillwater Creek and intersects NY 60 at a junction east of the community. While NY 60 heads northwestward to serve Stillwater, and the city of Jamestown beyond it, US 62 turns east and enters the town of Carroll upon crossing the Conewango Creek. Just inside the town line, US 62 passes through the large hamlet of Frewsburg.
The route continues on, paralleling Conewango Creek through the towns of Carroll and Poland to an interchange with the Southern Tier Expressway (Interstate 86 or I-86 and NY 17) southeast of the hamlet of Kennedy. US 62 continues on to Kennedy, where it crosses the creek once more and intersects NY 394. US 62 curves eastward, joining NY 394 northeastward out of Kennedy to a junction known as Schermerhorn Corners. Here, NY 394 continues eastward along the banks of the creek while US 62 heads northward through a small valley surrounding Indian Brook and into the town of Ellington.
South of the hamlet of Ellington, the small creek valley gives way to a larger cut of land surrounding Clear Creek. Indian Brook ends near this point; however, US 62 continues northward to serve the community. In Ellington, US 62 turns eastward for before veering back to the north at the Chautauqua–Cattaraugus County line. The route straddles the county line and runs along the base of a larger valley surrounding Conewango Creek to the aptly named community of Conewango Valley, where it intersects NY 83. NY 83 heads northwestward into Chautauqua County while US 62 curves eastward to traverse the width of the valley. In the hamlet of Conewango, US 62 meets NY 241 and turns north to follow the eastern edge of the valley through the town of Conewango.
Upon entering the town of Leon, US 62 veers slightly northeastward to run along the base of a small valley surrounding Mud Creek. The two entities separate at the hamlet of Leon, and US 62 returns northward, descending the eastern side of the Conewango Creek valley and becoming the eastern valley road once again. Just before crossing into the town of Dayton, US 62 leaves the edge of the valley and heads northward through the gully. Here, it crosses over Conewango Creek once more and intersects NY 322. At the northern extent of the ravine, US 62 turns northeastward toward the community of Dayton, the site of its junction with NY 353.
Past Dayton, the valley becomes much less defined as the route follows a small stream through the town of Persia and into the village of Gowanda. US 62 becomes Jamestown Street and serves as the primary north–south street through the community. It intersects NY 39 in the village center, and the two routes embark on an overlap along Main Street. Just past the junction, the two routes cross Cattaraugus Creek and enter Erie County.
Erie and Niagara counties.
South of Buffalo.
Despite the change in counties, US 62 and NY 39 remain in the village of Gowanda. The routes leave Main Street on the eastern riverbank and become Buffalo Street as they head north through the village. Outside of the village center, Buffalo Street widens to include a center turn lane. The extra lane remains until the junction of Buffalo Street and Sandhill Road. Here, Buffalo Street becomes NY 438 while US 62 and NY 39 veer eastward onto Sandhill Road. The routes turn northward at the village limits and remain conjoined to the hamlet of Collins, where NY 39 leaves US 62 on Main Street.
US 62 continues north through the largely rural towns of Collins and North Collins to the village of North Collins, located in the extreme northwestern corner of the town. Inside the village, US 62 connects to NY 249. Past North Collins, US 62 heads through the town of Eden as well as the large hamlet of the same name contained within. Northeast of the hamlet of Eden, the route crosses over the south branch of Eighteenmile Creek and intersects NY 75. NY 75 joins US 62 northward into the village of Hamburg.
In Hamburg, the most developed location along the route since Gowanda, US 62 and NY 75 initially head north on Pierce Avenue. At Main Street, the concurrency ends as US 62 turns east to follow Main through the village center. It remains on Main Street up to Buffalo Street, where it intersects NY 391 by way of a roundabout. East of the roundabout, Main Street becomes NY 391; US 62, meanwhile, follows Buffalo Street through the northern portion of Hamburg and into the surrounding town of the same name, where it becomes South Park Avenue. The amount of development alongside the roadway remains high, reflecting its close proximity to the city of Buffalo. As it heads north, US 62 passes by the Erie County Fairgrounds and Hilbert College and crosses over the New York State Thruway (I-90) before intersecting with US 20.
North of US 20, US 62 parallels the Thruway northward to the village of Blasdell, located on the border of Hamburg and the city of Lackawanna. Here, US 62 meets NY 179 in the southeastern part of the community. The route continues onward through Blasdell and into Lackawanna, intersecting Ridge Road, an east–west arterial linking US 62 to NY 5, US 219, and the Thruway. Just northwest of the Ridge Road junction are the Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens, situated on the Lackawanna side of the Lackawanna–Buffalo city line. US 62 serves as the primary access road to the grounds, then enters Buffalo.
Buffalo to Niagara Falls.
This area of the city, known as South Buffalo, is a predominantly a working-class Irish American neighborhood, once heavily industrialized. Route 62, now known as South Park Avenue, turns slightly northwest at Southside Parkway. At Abbott Road, US 62 becomes Bailey Avenue.
Across the Buffalo River from Abbott Road is Seneca Street (NY 16), which provides access to I-190. The Interstate Highway can also be reached via the intersection with NY 354 a few blocks to the north. After passing William Street, Bailey Avenue begins to run along the city's eastern border with Cheektowaga.
North of these junctions, the road passes through the city's industrial East Side, then back into residential neighborhoods where it intersects Broadway, the western terminus of NY 130. After the densely developed neighborhoods where Walden Avenue and Genesee Street intersect, it crosses under the Kensington Expressway (NY 33), where other local roads provide access.
A few miles further on, at SUNY Buffalo's city campus, Route 62 intersects Main Street (NY 5) at the northeast corner of the city and enters the town of Amherst.
Less than a mile beyond Main, Grover Cleveland Highway (NY 263) veers off to the northeast. US 62 continues north through heavily suburban territory to the junction with Sheridan Drive (NY 324), a major commercial strip across Buffalo's northern suburbs. Here it leaves Bailey Avenue and follows Sheridan west for a half-mile (0.8 km) to another major junction, Niagara Falls Boulevard, at the Amherst–Tonawanda town line. It turns north again, following the Boulevard (as it is locally known) past Boulevard Mall at the junction with Maple and Brighton roads, then through another commercial strip to I-290.
North of the expressway, the road becomes less heavily developed. At the Ellicott Creek crossing, some signs for the former NY 356 are still visible. A short distance further on, as Tonawanda Creek starts to run parallel to the highway, all the land to the west becomes part of Amherst. Two miles to the north, after passing White Chapel Memorial Park, US 62 crosses the creek into Niagara County.
Now in Wheatfield, US 62 begins to turn to the northwest as it intersects NY 425 outside of North Tonawanda. The route continues through residential areas of Wheatfield to the town of Niagara, meeting NY 429 along the way. In Niagara, the properties along the highway become more industrial as US 62 approaches Niagara Falls International Airport. Just south of the airport, the route intersects both Williams Road (unsigned NY 952V) and NY 182. West of NY 182, US 62 dips southwest and enters the city of Niagara Falls.
In Niagara Falls, US 62 initially passes by a mixture of commercial and residential developments. It meets NY 265 (Military Road) in the easternmost part of the city ahead of a junction with I-190 exit 22 a mile (1.6 km) to the west. Past I-190, US 62 enters a more industrialized section of the city as it approaches the eastern terminus of US 62 Business, its business route through the Pine Avenue commercial district. Upon intersecting Packard Road, a local northeast–southwest arterial situated just east of Pine Avenue, US 62 splits into a one-way couplet to serve the residential portion of downtown Niagara Falls. US 62 travels into the city (northbound) on Walnut Avenue and out (southbound) on Ferry Avenue and both intersect NY 61 near the eastern end of the couplet. The couplet continues west for roughly to NY 104 (Main Street), where US 62 terminates northeast of the city's tourism district and the Rainbow Bridge to Canada.
History.
Early designations.
In 1908, the New York State Legislature created Route 18, an unsigned legislative route extending from the Pennsylvania state line in Ripley to the village of Youngstown by way of the cities of Buffalo, North Tonawanda, and Niagara Falls. Route 18 did not enter the Buffalo city limits, however; it ended at the southern city line and resumed at the junction of Kenmore Avenue—which straddles the northern boundary of the city—and Niagara Falls Boulevard. It then followed Niagara Falls Boulevard northwest to Niagara Falls, where it continued to Main Street by way of Pine Avenue. When the first set of routes in the modern state highway system were assigned in 1924, the northern segment of Route 18 was designated as part of NY 34. The route also extended a short distance southward into Buffalo to end at NY 5A (later NY 5). Also assigned in 1924 was NY 18, a route that began at the Pennsylvania state line north of Bradford, Pennsylvania, and passed through Salamanca, Dayton, and Hamburg on its way to its northern terminus in Buffalo.
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 34 became part of NY 18, which was extended north through Buffalo by way of an overlap with NY 5 along Main Street. Meanwhile, two highways in the Southern Tier—NY 83 and NY 241—were created as part of the renumbering. NY 241 led from NY 18 in Dayton south to Randolph, while NY 83 followed a roughly parallel routing to NY 241 from Frewsburg to Silver Creek. In Frewsburg, NY 83 ended at NY 60, a route assigned in the mid-1920s that extended from Pennsylvania to Fredonia via Frewsburg and Jamestown.
Extension of US 62 into New York.
US 62 originally ended in Maysville, Kentucky, when it was assigned in 1930. It was extended northeast through Ohio, Pennsylvania, and western New York to Niagara Falls . In New York, US 62 overlapped NY 60 and NY 83 to Conewango Valley, then veered east onto a previously unnumbered highway to Conewango, where it became concurrent with NY 241 and NY 18 north through Dayton, Hamburg, and Buffalo to Niagara Falls. By 1935, US 62 and NY 18 were realigned through Buffalo to bypass downtown on Bailey Avenue. The two routes then overlapped NY 5 southwest on Main Street for roughly to reach Niagara Falls Boulevard.
The overlaps between US 62 and the pre-existing state highways it followed were gradually eliminated over the course of the next three decades. NY 60 and NY 83 were truncated in the 1940s to Frewsburg and Conewango Valley, respectively. NY 241, meanwhile, was cut back to Conewango in the late 1940s. The overlap with NY 18, the longest of the four initial overlaps, remained into the early 1960s, when NY 18 was truncated to Lewiston (north of Niagara Falls) .
Realignments.
US 62 has been realigned in three locations since the 1930s. In southern Amherst, a suburb just north of Buffalo, it was realigned slightly in the late 1930s to continue north on Bailey Avenue past Main Street to Eggert Road. The route then turned northwest onto Eggert to rejoin its former alignment on Niagara Falls Boulevard. It was rerouted further to follow Bailey to Sheridan Drive, where it overlapped NY 324 west along Sheridan to its junction with Niagara Falls Boulevard. The former routing of US 62 along Niagara Falls Boulevard from the Buffalo city line to NY 324 is now NY 950K, an unsigned reference route in length.
Farther north in Niagara Falls, US 62 was shifted south in the mid-1960s from Pine Street onto Walnut and Ferry avenues, which had been transformed into a one-way couplet. Its former routing on Pine Avenue was designated as NY 62A in the early 1970s and redesignated as US 62 Business in 2006.
In Chautauqua County, construction began in the mid-1960s on a new alignment for US 62 between the Pennsylvania state line and NY 60 between Stillwater and Frewsburg. The highway opened to traffic as a realignment of US 62 by 1973. As a result, NY 60 was truncated to its junction with the new US 62 roadway and the routing of former NY 60 to Frewsburg became part of US 62. The original routing of US 62 from the state line to Frewsburg is now maintained by Chautauqua County as CR 53.
US 62 Business.
U.S. Route 62 Business (US 62 Business) is a business route of US 62 in the city of Niagara Falls. It runs east–west for along Pine Avenue from NY 104 in downtown Niagara Falls to US 62 east of the city center. US 62 Business was assigned in 2006; prior to that time, it was NY 62A and, before that, the former routing of US 62 through Niagara Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="19921399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921399" title="Josef Bucher">
Josef Bucher

Josef Bucher (born 19 August 1965 in Friesach) is an Austrian politician and former leader of the Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ) as well as former Member of Parliament for the party. Divorced with two children, Bucher is a hotel owner.
After the death of BZÖ chairman Jörg Haider, Bucher was elected "Klubobmann", chairman of the party's parliamentary grouping on 22 October 2008. 
Initially, Stefan Petzner, Haider's designated successor as party chairman was expected to be elected to that post as well. 
Petzner had to pass the leadership over to former vice-chairman Herbert Scheiber.
His replacement as party leader was widely interpreted as the result of the rising criticism of Petzner's former media appearances.
Both, Petzner and Scheibner, were elected two of five vice chairmen of the party(the other 3 being Stadler the European Parliament future leading candidate of the party, Haider's sister Haubner and former party leader of the BZÖ Westenthaler).
On 26 April 2009 at the party congress in Linz, Bucher was elected as the new leader of the party.
On 30 January 2010 after the secession of the party officials and members from the Carinthian party, Bucher was elected Chairman of the newly formed Carinthian BZÖ.
In a reaction about the issue that 10 per cent of Austrians own nearly 60 per cent of the country’s private assets, Bucher criticised in an interview 2011 that further lack of reforms by the Austrian Federal Government, would create new poverty in the middle class.
On 18 April 2012 Josef Bucher stated in further cases of market manipulation and reckless car petrol price increasements by businesspeople in the energy sector prison terms were needed as a stricter penalty against the leading entrepreneurs.
In October 2012 Josef Bucher demanded in parliament for a flat tax with 39% as an income tax quota for all income-earners over € 14.793,09 per annum and 10% for all between "Geringfügigkeitsgrenze"(marginal employment border) and the € 14.993,09 threshold per annum)
Josef Bucher has stepped down as BZÖ party leader after BZÖ lost all seats in parliament in the Austrian legislative election, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19921411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921411" title="Arabakonak">
Arabakonak

Arabakonak () or Botevgrad Pass is a mountain pass through the Balkan Mountains connecting Sofia with Botevgrad and Northern Bulgaria. It has been the site of several important events of the history of Bulgaria.
On 22 September 1872, Dimitar Obshti carried out the robbery of an Ottoman postal convoy in the pass, an event that would lead to the capture and execution of Vasil Levski. During the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), the pass was contested between the Russians and the Ottomans until December 1877. On 14 April 1925, a group of anarchists organized an unsuccessful assassination attempt on Tsar Boris III of Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19921436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921436" title="Cindy Chiu">
Cindy Chiu

Cindy Chiu (born May 12, 1980) is an American film actress born in Taiwan and raised in Texas. Her films include "Coach Carter" (2005), "Prison-A-Go-Go!" (2003), "" (2006), "The Shanghai Hotel" (filmed 2006 and still not released), "A Foundling" (2010), and the short film "Interpretation" (2008) which has won over 50 awards (including the Cannes Film festival and Sundance).
Her TV appearances include the final episode of "The Shield" (FX), "The Mentalist" (CBS), "The Middleman" (ABC Family), "Greek" (ABC Family), "Heroes" (NBC) and most recently "The Forgotten" (ABC).
Cindy was a cheerleader at Kingwood High School and graduated in May 1998. She then left to attend Stephen F. Austin University in Nacogdoches, Texas where she was also a cheerleader. She would later transfer to Texas Christian University where she continued cheerleading. Upon graduation from college she left for Hollywood, where she received her breakthrough role in "Bring It On: All or Nothing".
In August 2009 Cindy married Patrick Lewis of Kingwood, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19921442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921442" title="Menon (Phidias)">
Menon (Phidias)

Menon (in Greek Mενων) was a workman working with Phidias, who was bribed by Pericles' enemies to inform against Phidias. According to Plutarch he sat himself in the market-place begging for protection if he were to bring charges against Phidias. He was subsequently provided with safety by the state and exempted from public duties. (Plutarch, "Pericles" 31)

</doc>
<doc id="19921449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921449" title="Voynyagovo">
Voynyagovo

Voynyagovo () is a village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Karlovo Municipality, Plovdiv Province. As of 2008, it has a population of 1,260; it lies in Sredna Gora mountains, above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19921486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921486" title="Josef Buchner">
Josef Buchner

Josef Buchner (born 2 March 1942 in Hagenberg im Mühlkreis) is an Austrian politician with the The Greens – The Green Alternative and the current mayor of Steyregg. He was previously leader of the "Vereinte Grüne Österreichs" which merged with the "Alternative Liste Österreichs" in 1986 to form the current party.

</doc>
<doc id="19921489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921489" title="Eastern Kentucky Colonels and Lady Colonels">
Eastern Kentucky Colonels and Lady Colonels

EKU fields teams in 15 varsity sports (7 men's and 8 women's). The school is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference in Division I of the NCAA (FCS in football), having been a part of the conference since its inception in 1948. The EKU Athletics Department is headed by Mark Sandy, who joined Eastern in 2005 from the University of Richmond.
EKU's intercollegiate athletics teams are nicknamed the Colonels and Lady Colonels (for Women's Basketball only). Since the school's inception as Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, maroon has been the official color of Eastern athletics. Prior to 1963, when then-president Robert Martin had the school's nickname changed to the "Colonels", the school's official nickname was the "Maroons".
Athletic teams.
Eastern Kentucky University sponsors eight men's and nine women's teams in NCAA sanctioned sports:
Men's Intercollegiate Sports
Women's Intercollegiate Sports
Football.
Eastern has traditionally been quite successful on the football field, having won 20 OVC conference titles and two Division I-AA National Championships in 1979 and 1982. Much of the success came during the long tenure of head coach Roy Kidd from 1964 to 2002. In 1990, Eastern honored Kidd by naming the school's football stadium Roy Kidd Stadium. With their win over Southeast Missouri State University in 2008, Eastern's football team secured their 31st consecutive winning season. The team is currently coached by Dean Hood, a former defensive coordinator for Wake Forest.
In September 2013, the "Lexington Herald-Leader", the daily newspaper of nearby Lexington, reported that EKU was considering moving its program to the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision. However, under NCAA rules, such a move would require that EKU receive an all-sports invitation from an existing FBS conference.
Men's basketball.
The current head coach of the Colonels is Jeff Neubauer. Before coming to EKU, Neubauer was the assistant head coach of the West Virginia Mountaineers basketball team. The Colonels have appeared in the NCAA Tournament seven times. The Colonels play their home basketball games at Alumni Coliseum, located on EKU's campus.
Men's golf.
The men's golf team has won 11 Ohio Valley Conference championships: 1975, 1980, 1982–86, 1992, 1997, 2006, 2008.
Rivalries.
Historically, the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers served as the primary rival to EKU, especially in Football. Their matchups; known as the "Battle of the Bluegrass" date back to 1914, with Western leading the overall series 34-47-3. With WKU's recent move up to the Football Bowl Subdivision, any future games between the two teams are uncertain.
Outside of Western, EKU has maintained rivalries with its two other in-state OVC foes: Murray State and Morehead State.
Fight songs.
Eastern Kentucky University is unusual as it recognizes two songs as their official fight songs. They are named "Rally Maroon and White" (a.k.a. "Yea, Eastern") and "Hail, Hail Eastern Maroons".
Rally Maroon and White.
Lyrics<br>
Yea Eastern let's win this fight, <br>
Rally Maroon and White;<br>
We've got the spirit; you've got the speed,<br>
These two with grit are all that we need;<br>
So carry and pass that ball;<br>
Show them our boys beat all;<br>
Show them we're right with main and might;<br>
The way to win is fight, fight, fight.
Hail, Hail Eastern Maroons.
Lyrics<br>
Hail, Hail Eastern Maroons, <br>
You're the pride of dear old Alma Mater.<br>
Hail, Hail, Eastern Maroons,<br>
For thee we'll give three rousting cheers.<br>
Rah, rah, rah! Hail, Hail, Eastern Maroons,<br>
Loyal to thee we stand,<br>
Ever fight for the right,<br>
We'll make our school the best in the land.

</doc>
<doc id="19921530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921530" title="Oscar Kilgore">
Oscar Kilgore

Oscar Kilgore is a Honduran journalist and National Party of Honduras politician and former Mayor of San Pedro Sula (2002–2006) who is currently in prison waiting to be sentenced on November 21, 2008 for abuse of authority and corruption relating to a loan he received while Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="19921532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921532" title="Ronald Gora">
Ronald Gora

Ronald Francis Gora (born March 10, 1933) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion.
Gora was born in Chicago, Illinois. He attended Lane Tech High School in Chicago. He remains tied with Tom Jager and Brian Alden for the second most individual high school state championships won by a male in Illinois history (6) behind Matt Elliott.
Gora won a gold medal in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay event at the 1951 Pan American Games, alongside Dick Cleveland, Burwell Jones and Bill Heusner. Individually, he also received a Pan American Games silver medal for his second-place finish in the 100-meter freestyle. Gora again represented the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, where he finished eighth in the final of the men's 100-meter freestyle with a time of 58.8 seconds.
He attended the University of Michigan, and swam for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1952 to 1954. He was a member of Michigan's NCAA national championship teams in the 400-yard freestyle relay in 1953 and 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19921557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921557" title="CthulhuTech">
CthulhuTech

CthulhuTech is a science-fiction and horror roleplaying game created by Wildfire LLC and published by Sandstorm that combines elements of the Cthulhu Mythos with anime-style mecha, horror, magic and futuristic action. The setting is Earth in the year 2085 during a worldwide conflict known as the Aeon War, (from the Necronomicon quote: "And with strange aeons even death may die") wherein the planet has been invaded twice: once by a black-skinned manufactured alien race known as the Nazzadi who are derived from humans and who join forces with them, and then a second time by the Mi-Go, an advanced alien civilization seemingly bent on the enslavement of humanity. Aside from these conflicts, the game focuses on other factions, such as ancient cults like the Esoteric Order of Dagon that are running amok across the planet and the eldritch horrors that are rising to destroy the world as, according to the prophecies of the Cthulhu Mythos, the "stars are right" and the Great Old Ones and their servitors are returning/reawakening to reclaim the Earth. The game uses a proprietary ten-sided die (d10) system titled "Framewerk."
__TOC__
Game overview.
"CthulhuTech" uses a proprietary game system known as "Framewerk" that focuses on a dice pool system. An unusual feature is the selection of numbers from the d10 rolls – a player can pick a single highest number, all like numbers, or straights of consecutive numbers, and use these to generate the result. The result is then added to a "base" consisting of a related attribute score bought by the player at character creation. The sum of the base and the result is then compared to target numbers or to the results of an opponent's rolls to determine success or failure.
Players build characters using points to buy six attributes, Strength, Agility, Perception, Intellect, Tenacity, and Presence, which are used for attribute tests and serve as the base to which roll results for skills are added. Players have another, separate pool of points used to buy skills such as "Marksman" or "Persuade" in five degrees of competency. These levels of competency determine the size of the player's dice pool. Players can also use their points to purchase Assets, including wealth, status, and allies that are beneficial in the game. They can also select Drawbacks, such as poverty or sickness, that will give them extra points to spend at the cost of suffering an ill effect, either as a direct penalty, or as part of the storyline. 
Though the character generation is not class-based, there are "Profession" templates that guide players in building characters suitable for the setting, and include prerequisites to join the many factions. For example, the level of devotion and training required to become a Mecha Pilot is explained in its Profession template. Professions still allow the player to build a unique character despite this.
When rolling, players can make use of "Drama Points," which affect die rolls. One drama point spent can remove a die from an opponent's pool or increase their own pool by one die. Players have ten drama points which are restored every game session (loosely defined as being each time the players get together to play). Despite this being a feature suited mostly to players, important Non-Player Characters also possess drama points to make them tougher or represent their importance.
A major element of "CthulhuTech" is fear and insanity. All alien monstrosities have a fear factor that forces a Tenacity roll – should the player fail, he or she will be scared or panicked by the presence of the monster, which may have scarring effects on the character's psyche. As well, coming into contact with aliens and demons, performing sorcery, utilizing psychic abilities, or witnessing horrible events, could lead players to gain points of Insanity. These can be opposed with Tenacity rolls as well. Should a player gain enough insanity points, the character will suffer psychological trauma, including common mental illnesses such as schizophrenia. If a player gains too many points of insanity, the character will be forced out of the game – but can recover with proper psychological attention over a period of time.
Game setting.
The"CthulhuTech" corebook is set on Earth in 2085, during a veritable world war known as the "Aeon War," against aliens and cultists with varying goals. Due to the Aeon War, the political layout of the world has changed greatly. The remainder of the civilized world has joined forces to create the New Earth Government, comprising mainly Western Europe, China, Japan, Australia, Africa, and the Americas. Vast swathes of Asian and European territory have been destroyed by the rapidly expanding Rapine Storm, a cult of crazed psychopaths and cannibals who ravage the land in hordes of armed men and terrifying alien beasts. Antarctica, Alaska, and Northern Europe have fallen under the control of the Mi-Go aliens and their advanced technological war machine. All of the oceans and most of the coasts of the world are sparsely controlled by the Esoteric Order of Dagon, who use sea beasts, monstrous Deep Ones and Hybrid soldiers, brainwashed or conscripted humans, and their own brand of oceanic mecha in their search for R'lyeh, the lost underwater city of Cthulhu.
Players can choose from two player races in the Core Rulebook. Aside from Humans, a player can choose to play as the alien Nazzadi, genetically engineered humans once under the influence of the Mi-Go but now allied with the Earth's government. The Nazzadi are depicted as dark skinned humans with intricate tattoos. The "CthulhuTech" companion book "Vade Mecum" introduced three new playable races, two of which are results of Nazzadi and Human coupling and are referred to as "Xenomixes." The third is the monstrous "Ghoul," a race of filthy and only vaguely humanoid creatures that hide within human civilization, disguising themselves as homeless people or living in sewers and tunnels.
Factions include the "Tagers," a group of warriors who work for the mysterious Eldritch Society and bond with alien symbionts that produce alien-like suits of flesh over their bodies, giving them enhanced strength and other abilities. Tagers combat the powerful and nearly all-encompassing Chrysalis Corporation, a front for a terrible cult known as the Children of Chaos, who worship Nyarlahotep, and create shapeshifting super soldiers called "Dhohanoids" to accomplish their ends. "The New Earth Government" is the most encompassing faction, with numerous government agencies, military powers, and all of the world's remaining nations under its command. NEG players will fight the cults and the alien Mi-Go using mecha and military technology out in the battlefields or sorcery, wits, and investigative ability in the futuristic urban arcologies. The players can also, if they choose, ally themselves with the Chrysalis Corporation and other evil cults.
Inspirations.
CthulhuTech is inspired by various anime such as Robotech, The Guyver and Neon Genesis Evangelion, and by cyberpunk games like Shadowrun. The core inspiration is drawn from the works of HP Lovecraft and others. A few Mythos elements have been extrapolated into a futuristic setting, such as monstrous Ghouls and Byakhee, the alien Mi-Go, as well as Lovecraftian deities such as Cthulhu and Hastur. 
Despite the use of races and deities created by Lovecraft and others, there is little to connect the game with the Lovecraftian style of horror; the game is more action oriented. While prominent elements of the Mythos described in some of Lovecraft's key works (such as Elder Things, Shoggoths or Yithians) are not used as NPCs or enemies and generally do not appear in the game, they are referenced in a section of the CthulhuTech "Core Rulebook" describing the background of the setting and intended for gamemasters. Notably, while the game itself is very loosely based on the Mythos and the aspects integrated into gameplay are extensively reimagined, the background section closely follows Mythos canon and is fairly accurate.
The setting features futuristic elements such as the architecturally efficient and futuristic arcologies, powered armor and mecha, energy weapons, and bio and nano-technology. In addition, the setting also includes many paranormal or fantastic elements, such as dangerous sorcery and psychic abilities, which take a toll on the sanity of the user, and the Arcanotechnology, a paranormal technology that produces near-endless amounts of efficient and clean fuel.
Reception.
CthulhuTech has received varying degrees of acknowledgment. The large RPG website and forum RPGNet has featured two reviews of the CthulhuTech Core Rulebook, which details most of the Framewerk system and the game setting. The reviews come with both praise and criticism. The first review refers to the game as "ambitious" and praises it for its creativity and the ease with which it explains and presents itself, though it also suggests that the game was perhaps overly-ambitious, including many different focuses that do not tie together completely and that are meant instead to be separate. Yet despite this, it applauds the game for its setting, referring to it as "Creative and interesting" and stating that "CthulhuTech is something that has been thought about and fleshed-out for quite some time, with all sorts of opportunities for different stories you can easily place within the world."
The second review is more critical. It concedes that CthulhuTech has a setting that is "varied and creative", but of Framewerk itself states that "The rules are boring, flawed, and fail to support the setting." One strong point that is given in favor of Cthulhutech are the game's mecha options, of which the review states, "This makes games of all mecha pilots very viable since players have enough options to select unique mecha and still not step on one another’s toes." However, of the Tagers, the reviewer cites "With only four types to choose from and no customization, groups composed solely of Tagers may find that there just aren’t enough options for them to feel unique."
Io9 featured a short review of Vade Mecum, the CthulhuTech companion book. The reviewer referred to the artwork as "amazing, really helping to evoke the gloomy, decadent world of CthulhuTech" and recommended the book for those who are looking for a dark RPG.
Hyperion, the largest Norwegian website for roleplaying and LARP, featured a review of Cthulhutech. The reviewer applauds CthulhuTech for its fresh setting and the wide variety of stories it can support, saying it might become a "cult symbol" among games. The reviewer also goes through Framewerk, finding it easy to pick up, especially for those with experience in the White Wolf Storyteller System. However, he also goes on to say that some of the skills are similar and might confuse beginners, and that it lacks information on the technology of the setting, requiring more supplements to make it whole.
CthulhuTech was a finalist for the 34th Origins Awards, an award for particular aspects of the traditional gaming industry. It was nominated in the "Roleplaying Game" category for 2008 and was selected as a silver award finalist, though it did not win the category. The winner was Aces & Eights [http://www.originsgamefair.com/aagad]. CthulhuTech was also a finalist for the 2009 ENnie awards for "Best Game", "Best Production Values", "Best Interior Art", "Best Supplement", and "Best Cover Art". For those categories it won Gold ENnie awards for "Best Cover Art" (Core Rule Book) and "Best Supplement" (Vade Mecum).
CthulhuTech was featured in Yog-Sothoth.com's semi-regular "Yog Radio" podcast. It was featured in Yog Radio #28, in an interview with the game's authors.
Translations of CthulhuTech into Italian, Spanish and French are in the works. The Spanish edition of CthulhuTech is being published by Edge Entertainment in Spain. The French edition of CthulhuTech is being published by La Bibliothèque Interdite in France.
Publication history.
The first publisher was Mongoose Publishing. This was later changed to Catalyst Game Labs. It was announced in April 2010 on the Cthulhutech website that their partnership was terminated due primarily to non-payment of royalties. The current publisher was Sandstorm.
Books in the CthulhuTech game line currently include (original publisher in brackets): 

</doc>
<doc id="19921564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921564" title="Menon">
Menon

Menon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19921597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921597" title="Burwell Jones">
Burwell Jones

Burwell Otis Jones (born March 23, 1933) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion.
At the 1951 Pan American Games held in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he won the bronze medal in the men's 100-meter backstroke, and a gold medal in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay event, alongside teammates Dick Cleveland, Ronald Gora and Bill Heusner.
At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, Jones swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay. Although the U.S. team finished first, Jones did not receive a medal under the 1952 rules because he did not swim in the event final.
Jones attended the University of Michigan, where he swam for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1952 to 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19921634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921634" title="Luis (disambiguation)">
Luis (disambiguation)

Luis is a male given name. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19921657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921657" title="Borasu Pass">
Borasu Pass

Borasu Pass or Bara-su (el. ) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya Mountains of Himachal Pradesh in the India. The pass is located on the border of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh near the border with Tibet. It was an ancient trade route between Har ki Doon valley and Kinnaur valley.
Geography.
Borasu Pass divides Uttarakhand from Himachal Pradesh. The pass is located only a few kilometers from the Tibet border. The east part of the Borasu area comes out from Tons valley and the north-west part is merged with Baspa valley. Its north-west range comes down on Jhukia Glacier. The nearest village, Chitkal, is away from the pass.
Approach to the pass is marked by grasslands. Mountains Bandar Poonch, Black Peak or Kala-nag, Swargarohini and Har ki Dun may be observed from the pass.
Climate.
In summer, temperatures range from to more lower. After November, the temperature falls down to several degree lower from . Precipitation in Baspa Valley is low in scale. Comparatively in the side of Tons valley rainfall is often common. Generally, snowfall is received after October.

</doc>
<doc id="19921685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921685" title="Tullycraft – Bailey Park 7&quot;">
Tullycraft – Bailey Park 7&quot;

“Bailey Park” has been called quintessential cuddlecore; where twee meets punk head on. Tullycraft recorded the song with Producer Pat Maley in the Capitol Theatre at Yoyo Studios in Olympia, WA. The birds heard at the beginning of the track are not a sample, Maley hung a second microphone out of a second floor theatre window while Tollefson was recording his vocals. The birds heard on the track are down-town Olympia birds recorded at the same time as the vocals. Guitarist, Gary Miklusek once said: “Bailey Park ranks as a top song for me. Live it was a blast to play and almost a guaranteed string-breaker… perhaps my only sore memories of Tullycraft.”
“Sweet” was the b-side. "Sweet" also appeared on the band’s debut album Old Traditions, New Standards. In 2007 the song was used in a television commercial for the hot-dog chain Wienerschnitzel. It was licensed without the band's knowledge or permission. The licensing was handled by Darla, the California-based record label that had reissued the debut album "Old Traditions, New Standards". Tullycraft were not very happy when they learned of the commercial.
“Pedal” was a short re-working of the song that Tollefson had written and recorded with the band Crayon. Pat Maley introduced the idea and even integrated samples of Beat Happening and Tiger Trap from master-tapes found in the studio. The idea was to spoof a Pet Shop Boys dance track. In 1997, the Vancouver, British Columbia based band, Gaze covered the song “Pedal” on their "So Sad" single.

</doc>
<doc id="19921694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921694" title="Preludes (Kabalevsky)">
Preludes (Kabalevsky)

Dmitry Kabalevsky's Preludes, Op. 38 are a set of 24 piano pieces in the Chopinian model, each based on a folksong and each in a different key. It was composed in 1943–44, and dedicated to Nikolai Myaskovsky, his teacher. It is one of a number of examples of music written in all 24 major and minor keys.
The score is headed by a quote from Mikhail Lermontov on Russian folksong. 

</doc>
<doc id="19921703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921703" title="WillowWood School">
WillowWood School

WillowWood School is an alternative private school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada offering an Ontario Ministry of Education-inspected Grades 1 through 12 program. It was founded in 1980 by owner/principal Joy Kurtz.
WillowWood teaches, and has always taught, children and teens as individuals, taking into consideration the style, level and strengths of each student. For this reason, WillowWood does very well for children with learning differences, ADHD, and other learning challenges, as well as those who enjoy smaller classes, individual support, and a warm atmosphere. 
WillowWood has robust Arts and Sports programs. Two dramatic presentations happen annually: the Holiday Happening in December, and the Musical in the Spring. WillowWood sports teams participate in the SSAF (Small Schools Athletic Federation) as the WillowWood Warriors.
History.
WillowWood was opened in 1980 by Joy Kurtz and Heather Spear. The two teachers had developed a unique approach to teaching while working across the hallway from each other in the 1970s: by combining the needs of students in the special education program and those of the general population of students, the two had honed the individualized approach to education still employed at WillowWood today.
In 1989, Heather Spear opened Northwood Academy - a preschool and kindergarten - which has grown and expanded over the decades, and has five locations in the GTA to date. Joy Kurtz continues to run WillowWood as director and co-principal. 
The new location is now home to a full and vibrant community, with programs developing and growing every year - the sports, dramatic productions, computer technology and music have all come a long way since 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="19921711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921711" title="Wolfgang Butzkamm">
Wolfgang Butzkamm

Wolfgang Butzkamm (born in 1938) is Professor Emeritus of English as a Foreign Language at Aachen University, Germany. He is credited with the development of a principled and systematic approach to the role of the mother tongue in foreign language teaching which radically differs from a target-language-only philosophy prevailing in many countries. For him, traditional monolingualism is an instance of a more general naturalistic fallacy which is committed when second-language (L2) learning is modelled after the natural learning of a first language (L1).
Life.
Butzkamm is an applied linguist. He was born in 1938 and was educated at the universities of Marburg, Münster, Dortmund, and Appleton (Wis.). He began his career as an innovative teacher of English, German and French as foreign languages, and was appointed to the Chair of English Language Teaching in Aachen in 1973.
Enlightened monolingualism and the principle of dual comprehension.
Butzkamm was inspired by C. J. Dodson’s language teaching and the bilingual method when he pioneered his “aufgeklärte Einsprachigkeit” (enlightened or informed monolingualism) in 1973, which in Germany has become almost a stock phrase. Since languages are learned from use, the foreign language is by itself the primary means of acquiring it and must accordingly be made the working language of the classroom. This is however best achieved by systematic mother tongue support. While the implicit activation of mother tongue skills is initially inevitable, explicit systematic mother tongue support is desirable. The mother tongue is second only to the target language itself as a means to learn it.
(1) Bilingual meaning conveyance is safe, effective and practical when the sandwich technique is used
This technique of sandwiching the translation of an unknown expression can be carried out very discreetly in the tone of an aside, as a kind of whispered interpreting. It should be a central technique as it is the quickest way to make authentic classroom communication possible: statement in L2, restatement in L1 and again in L2; L2 =>L1=>L2.
(2) Sometimes, a combination of idiomatic and didactic literal translation which Butzkamm calls “mirroring” can be highly effective, as it clarifies both what is meant and how it is said:
The necessity, even inevitability of this kind of mother tongue support is more obvious when the target language is typologically remote and genetically unrelated to the native language:
Although not all constructions can be mirrored quite so comfortably, for Butzkamm this dual comprehension (functional understanding / decoding plus structural understanding / codebreaking) is the most important single factor in language acquisition. Only this kind of double understanding enables the learner to create and risk numerous sentences of his own, making, in Humboldt’s words, “infinite use of finite means” (the generative principle):
Teachers must teach in ways so that the sentences learners hear or read become syntactical germ-cells and models for many more sentences.
Idiomatic translation and mother tongue mirroring combined provide immediate access to a complete meaning of foreign language constructions, often making further explanations superfluous. By contrast, the currently accepted approach seems to see the mother tongue as an intruder only, and a persistent temptation for pupils and (tired) teachers to fall back on, more of a hindrance than a help. The advice commonly given is to use it as little as possible, as a last resort in meaning-conveyance or for grammatical explanations (which themselves must be kept to a minimum).
This, according to Butzkamm, is a colossal mistake, and besides, definitely Eurocentric. While acknowledging that the indiscriminate and haphazard use of the mother tongue is all too frequent and must be avoided, Butzkamm insists that we have to re-define the role of the native language as the major resource in foreign language learning and teaching. As children grow into their mother tongue (1) they have learnt to conceptualize their world and have fully grasped the symbolic function of language; (2) they have learnt to communicate; (3) they have learnt to speak and use their voice; (4) they have acquired an intuitive understanding of grammar and have become aware of many of the finer points of language; (5) they have acquired the secondary skills of reading and writing. The mother tongue is therefore the greatest asset people bring to the task of foreign language learning. It provides an indispensable Language Acquisition Support System and makes instruction possible in the first place.
Successful learners capitalise on the vast amount of both linguistic skills and world knowledge they have already accumulated via the mother tongue. For the most part, they need not reconceptualise their world in the new language. They have acquired an L1 along with its accompanying discourse skills and pragmatic knowledge, which are directly available for incorporation into the target language system. For instance, they need not be told that requests, wishes or warnings can masquerade as statements. Also, the path breaking power of L1 grammar is not dependent on the fact that both languages share similar grammatical features. It is because all languages have evolved means of expressing abstract ideas such as possession, number, agent, instrument, negation, cause, condition, obligation etc., no matter how they do this, that one natural language is enough to open the door for the grammars of other language because all languages are cut from the same conceptual cloth. In a deep sense, we only learn language once.
That is why, according to Butzkamm, the monolingual orthodoxy, with or without small concessions, cannot be supported in any respect. The target-language-only credo must be overturned and foreign language teaching methodology stood on its feet again. However, in his “informed monolingualism”, not a single monolingual technique, simple or sophisticated, is thrown out. Bilingual techniques are clearly intended to enrich existing methodologies, and not to impoverish them. Teachers will have to decide which technique will serve their purpose best in a given situation. To sum it up in one maxim: Teach English through English – but with the help of the mother tongue.
Together with C. J. Dodson Butzkamm introduced the influential concepts of message-orientation and medium-orientation (sprachbezogene und mitteilungsbezogene Kommunikation) to help understand communication processes in foreign language classrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="19921720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921720" title="Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1945–46">
Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1945–46

The Southern League Cup 1945–46 was the sixth and final edition of the regional war-time football tournament. The North Eastern League and North Eastern League Cup had ended the previous season, teams from those competitions joined the Southern League and Southern League Cup. With the Southern League now acting effectively as a national league the competition was split into two Divisions, The league cup was therefore also split into two divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19921721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921721" title="Battle of Hermannstadt">
Battle of Hermannstadt

The Battle of Hermannstadt, also known as the Battle of Sibiu or the Battle of Szeben, was fought between the army of the Hungarian Kingdom and the Ottoman Turks on March 18 and March 25, 1442, near Sântimbru (Marosszentimre) and Hermannstadt (Sibiu, Szeben). The Hungarian forces were commanded by John Hunyadi. Hermannstadt was Hunyadi's third victory over the Ottomans after the relief of Smederevo in 1437 and the defeat of Ishak Beg midway between Semendria and Belgrade in 1441.
Background.
The Hungarian Kingdom in the 14th century was in conflict with the Ottoman Empire. Louis I of Hungary in Bulgaria was a match for the Turks, but the Wallachian voivods would not support the Hungarians.<br>
In the Battle of Nicopolis the Ottoman army crushed the Hungarian-European crusaders and their Wallachian allies. In 1438 Ottoman marauders attacked Transylvania, where in 1437 the Ottomans had been beaten by an uprising under Antal Nagy de Buda. For up to 45 days the Ottomans without let or hindrance attacked the Transylvanian Saxon lands and Hungarian villages and market towns.
In 1441 John Hunyadi came to power. Hunyadi attacked the Ottomans in Serbia and at the Battle of Smederevo got the best of Ishak bey. Murad II wanted revenge, and gave the task to Mesid Bey in Transylvania.
Forces.
The army of Mesid Bey numbered 17,000 men. He was joined by Shehabbedin Beylerbey of Rumelia. His forces allegedly quadrupled Mesid's army, but may actually have just been equal to Mesid's forces. Many were presumably not regular forces, but some were janissary and spakh.
Hunyadi's forces consisted of Hungarian, Transylvanian and Saxon forces, with some Polish and Romanian soldiers. The commander of the vanguard detachment was bishop György Lépes. Lépes was responsible for the outbreak of the Transylvanian peasant-revolt in 1437. Hunyadi's forces numbered about 10,000 men.
Battle.
On March 18 Lépes' forces (2,000 men) clashed with Mesid near Sântimbru. The Ottomans won by forces of numbers and Hunyadi was forced to retreat, but Mesid did not pursue Hunyadi. Lépes was taken prisoner and Mesid beheaded the bishop.
Hunyadi's army regrouped near Hermannstadt. Simon Kamonyai swapped his armour for Hunyadi's armour so that the Turks would believe he was Hunyadi. Kamonyai was to execute a head-on attack, while Hunyadi went around Mesid's army. Kamonyai was killed in action, however Hunyadi with the Hungarian heavy cavalry charged Mesid, and crushed the Turks. Mesid was killed, while Shehabbedin escaped with the remaining Ottomans. Hunyadi was able to ransom Lépes's head with Mesid's head.
Outcome.
In the two battles, 3-4,000 Hungarian and 15-20,000 Ottoman soldiers were killed. Out of revenge Shehabbedin again entered Transylvania. In the Battle of the Iron Gate, near the Danube, he was defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="19921742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921742" title="DJ Khaled discography">
DJ Khaled discography

The discography of Miami-based DJ and record producer DJ Khaled consists of six studio albums, 13 singles and 2 featured singles. His first album, "Listennn... the Album", was released in 2006. "We the Best", his second album, was released in 2007 and contains the hits "We Takin' Over", with Akon, T.I., Rick Ross, Fat Joe, Birdman and Lil Wayne, and "I'm So Hood, with T-Pain, Rick Ross, Trick Daddy, and Plies. The two songs peaked at #28 and #19 and are platinum songs, and "We the Best" debuted at #8 on the Billboard 200. His next album, "We Global", from 2008, peaked at #7 on the albums chart and has the song "Out Here Grindin'", featuring Akon, Rick Ross, Plies, Lil Boosie, Ace Hood, and Trick Daddy. "All I Do is Win" had peaked at #24 on the Hot 100 as "Victory"'s third single, and was certified double platinum. by the RIAA. Released in 2011 was "We the Best Forever", containing the top 10 song "I'm On One", with Drake, Rick Ross and Lil Wayne. The album first charted at #5 on the Billboard 200.
Notes.
<ol type="a">
<li> The singles appeared on either the Bubbling Under Hot 100 or Bubbling Under Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, 25 song extensions of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19921775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921775" title="KKCQ-FM">
KKCQ-FM

KKCQ-FM (96.7 FM, "Q Country 96.7") is a radio station licensed to serve Bagley, Minnesota. It airs a stereo country music format. News comes from ABC Radio and the Minnesota News Network.
It sits east of downtown Fosston at 30056 U.S. Highway 2, along with sister stations KKCQ-AM 1480 and KKEQ 107.1. All three stations are owned by Pine to Prairie Broadcasting, Inc. The transmitter and tower are northwest of Bagley, Minnesota.
The station was assigned the KKCQ-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 1, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19921776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921776" title="Doctor McCoy (disambiguation)">
Doctor McCoy (disambiguation)

Doctor McCoy may refer to either one of two fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19921813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921813" title="Jean-Martin Mbemba">
Jean-Martin Mbemba

Jean-Martin Mbemba (born 13 August 1942) is a Congolese politician and lawyer. He is the President of the Union for Progress (UP) and has been a prominent politician in Congo-Brazzaville since the early 1990s. He served in the 1991–1992 transitional government as Minister of Justice; later, under President Denis Sassou Nguesso, he was Minister of Labour and Social Security from 1997 to 1999, Minister of Justice from 1999 to 2005, and Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform from 2005 to 2009. Since October 2009, he has been the President of the National Commission of Human Rights.
Legal career.
Mbemba, an ethnic Téké, was born in Brazzaville and studied in France. He was President of the Association of Congolese Students in France from December 1968 to December 1970, and he was President of the Federation of African Students in France from December 1971 to December 1972. He practiced as a lawyer in Brazzaville from February 1976 to June 1991. At the 1987 French trial of Klaus Barbie, a German war criminal of World War II, Mbemba was an assistant defense lawyer in the team headed by Jacques Verges. In the trial, the defense pursued a strategy of highlighting crimes committed by the West, including France itself, in hopes that Barbie's crimes during the German occupation of France would appear less offensive by comparison. Mbemba pointed to France's use of forced labour during the construction of the Congo-Ocean Railway in his own country, as well as France's violent suppression of the 1947 revolt against colonial rule in Madagascar; in addition, he denounced South African apartheid as "the ultimate crime against humanity". Following the trial, Mbemba was Secretary-General of the Union of Lawyers of Central Africa from September 1987 to June 1991.
Political career.
Mbemba has been President of the Union for Progress (UP), a political party, since its founding in October 1990. He participated in the 1991 National Conference and headed the committee for the drafting of internal regulations at the National Conference. At the end of the National Conference, he was appointed as Minister of Justice and Administrative Reform in the transitional government of Prime Minister André Milongo, serving in that post from June 1991 to June 1992. He was elected as a municipal councillor from the Fifth Arrondissement (Ouenzé) of Brazzaville in 1992, and soon afterward he was elected to the National Assembly in the 1992 parliamentary election as the UP candidate in the Ignié constituency of Pool Region. He also stood as the UP candidate in the August 1992 presidential election, placing 11th with 0.45% of the vote.
After his departure from Milongo's transitional government, Mbemba again practiced as a lawyer from July 1992 to October 1997, in addition to his political activities. In January 1993, following President Pascal Lissouba's dissolution of the National Assembly, Mbemba became President of the National Commission for the Organization of the Early Legislative Election. He was re-elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency in the mid-1993 parliamentary election.
Following the June–October 1997 civil war, in which Lissouba was ousted, Mbemba was appointed as Minister of Labour and Social Security by President Denis Sassou Nguesso on 2 November 1997. In March 1998, "armed bandits" wounded Mbemba during an invasion of his home, while also killing a bodyguard and driver.
He was moved to the position of Minister of Justice on 12 January 1999. In the May 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 61.33% of the vote. Following that election, he remained Minister of Justice and was additionally assigned responsibility for human rights in the government appointed on 18 August 2002.
Mbemba served as Justice Minister until he was instead appointed as Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform on 7 January 2005. In the 2007 parliamentary election, he was again elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency. He won the seat in the second round after receiving 39.17% of the vote in the first round against 37.84% for Carole Mantot, an independent candidate. He retained his post as Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform in the government appointed after the election, on 30 December 2007.
Mbemba and his party supported Sassou Nguesso when the latter ran for another term in the July 2009 presidential election. In the absence of any serious opposition candidates, Sassou Nguesso easily won re-election. Following the election, he appointed a new government, in which Mbemba was not included, on 15 September 2009. Sassou Nguesso instead appointed Mbemba as a member of the National Commission of Human Rights, a constitutional body, a few days later. Mbemba was then elected as President of the National Commission of Human Rights at a meeting held in the Palace of the Parliament in Brazzaville on 2 October 2009, and he took office on 7 October.
In 2013, Mbemba was investigated by the Directorate for Territorial Surveillance regarding allegations of "possession of weapons of war and attempted destabilization of national institutions". In protest, the UP announced on 19 June 2013 that it was suspending its participation in the Rally of the Presidential Majority (RMP) coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="19921833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921833" title="Drake Bulldogs football">
Drake Bulldogs football

The Drake Bulldogs football program represents Drake University in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision level. Drake began competing in intercollegiate football in 1893.
History.
Scholarship Era.
The 1922 Drake Bulldogs football team is considered by many to be considered the greatest in Drake history and is, to date, the only undefeated Bulldog team. Drake capped the historic season with a 48–6 triumph over Mississippi State on November 25, 1922. They received votes as the number one team in the College Football Researchers Association poll and were invited to the White House for their accomplishments. The Bulldogs were coached by legend Ossie Solem.
During the 1926 Homecoming activities, Babe Ruth visited and suited up for a Drake scrimmage. Head coach Ossie Solem extended the invitation stating "We finally inquired had he ever indulged in the 'dirt eating' pastime known as football. The answer was sort of a woeful 'No.' It was evident that the 'Big Bimbo' had missed something in his boyhood days, and when the invitation to work out with the Bulldogs was extended, it was accepted with glee." Ruth scored a 20 yard touchdown in the mock scrimmage.
While it was not the official Rose Bowl Game, Drake was the first Iowa school to play in the Rose Bowl Stadium. The Bulldogs defeated UCLA 25–6 in front of a near capacity crown of 40,000 on November 28, 1927. At the time, UCLA played major games at the Rose Bowl Stadium. The Bruins did not officially move on a permanent basis to the Rose Bowl Stadium until 1982. The game was highlighted as one of the NCAA Football Thanksgiving Special Games that year.
Following the 1931 season head coach Ossie Solem schedule a game in Honolulu, Hawaii in which the bulldogs squared off against Hawaii. Solem frustrated by the lack of postseason rewards (the Rose Bowl on January 1, 1932, was the only NCAA Bowl Game following 1931 season), called the trip a reward for his team’s fourth straight Missouri Valley Conference championship.
In a close encounter at Honolulu Stadium on December 19, 1931, Hawaii defeated Drake 19–13 in a game dubbed the Aloha Classic. The game was the first by an Iowa school in the state of Hawaii. It was also the last game for Solem as Bulldog coach. He left the next season taking the head football coach vacancy at Iowa.
Drake was the first school of its size to install lights. On October 6, 1928, the Bulldogs defeated Simpson College 41–6 in the first night game at Drake Stadium.
In 1951, Johnny Bright was named a First Team College Football All-American, and was awarded the Nils V. "Swede" Nelson Sportsmanship Award. He was invited to the Heisman Trophy festivities and finished fifth in the voting.
In 1969, Bright was named Drake University's greatest football player of all time. Bright is the only Drake football player to have his jersey number (#43) retired by the school, and in June 2006, received honorable mention from "ESPN.com" senior writer Ivan Maisel as one of the best college football players to ever wear #43. In February 2006, the football field at Drake Stadium, in Des Moines, Iowa, was named in his honor. In November 2006, Bright was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#19) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
The most successful Drake team in the modern era of college football was the 1981 Bulldogs team. Drake finished the season with 10 wins and nearly had an undefeated season. The Bulldogs lost 59–6 to Tulsa ending their chance at a perfect season. With a 7–4–0 record, Tulsa clinched the lone Missouri Valley Conference postseason berth due the head-to-head tie-breaker. Both teams finished conference play 7–1–0.
Modern Era.
Following the historic 1981 season, the Bulldogs suffered five straight non-winning seasons. In 1986, the school chose not to award athletic scholarships ("grants-in-aid") to football players. It was unclear if Drake football would survive until Des Moines, Iowa native Rob Ash was introduced as coach in 1989.
Ash rejuvenated the program during his eighteen seasons at Drake and played a crucial role in the founding of the Pioneer Football League, a football-only league run out of the Missouri Valley Conference offices in Saint Louis, Missouri. In the process, he became Drake's all-time winningest coach with a record of 125–63–2; leading the Bulldogs to four conference titles and five runners-up finishes in the Sports Network Cup. As a result, Ash was named the conference coach of the year three times (1995, 1998, and 2004).
After the 2006 season, Ash accepted the head football coach position at Montana State. In his final Drake season, he led the team to a runner-up finish in both the Pioneer Football League and the Sports Network Cup. Ironically, San Diego defeated Drake in both, marking the first time two Pioneer Football League teams finished first and second in the Sports Network Cup.
The Bulldogs were coached by long-time NFL assistant Steve Loney in 2007. The team finished 6–5, with a highlight 27–24 victory over #7 Illinois State on August 30. Loney resigned at the end of the season to accept a position as offensive line coach with the Saint Louis Rams.
Chris Creighton was named head coach beginning with the 2008 season. In 2009, the Bulldogs missed out on a share of the conference title when Butler connected on a field goal with one second remaining in the regular season finale. In 2011, Drake shared the conference title with San Diego, their first title under Creighton. They would share the title again in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19921856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921856" title="David Lyons (swimmer)">
David Lyons (swimmer)

David Chandler Lyons (born January 23, 1943) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games gold medalist.
At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, Lyons swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay event. He also won a gold medal as a member of the first-place U.S. team in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay at the 1963 Pan American Games.
Lyons began his competitive swimming at New Trier High School, Winnetka, Illinois. He was part of the high school national championship team in 1961. The team later placed third in the 1961 AAU championships. In 1961, he was the second swimmer to go under 1:50 for the 200-yard freestyle, Steve Clark of Yale doing it one day earlier. Lyons attended Yale University, where he swam for coach Phil Moriarty's Yale Bulldogs swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1963 to 1965. He won three consecutive NCAA national championships as a member of winning Yale teams in the 400-yard freestyle relay.
Lyons later earned both M.B.A. and M.D. degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="19921869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921869" title="Hal Kant">
Hal Kant

Harold Sanford "Hal" Kant (July 29, 1931 – October 19, 2008) was an entertainment industry attorney who specialized in representing musical groups. He was best known for his 35 years as principal lawyer and general counsel for the Grateful Dead, a position in the group that was so strong that his business cards with the band identified his role as "Czar".
Early life.
Hal Kant was born in the Bronx. He earned his law degree at the Harvard Law School. After graduation he was hired as a clerk in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco, California.
Music business.
After starting to practice law on his own, he came to the realization that "the only attorneys in the music business were the attorneys for the record companies, and their job was to get as much money as they could for their company and leave as little as possible for the artists". Kant decided that "the other guys should have an attorney, too" and proceeded to help represent a series of artists including The Association, Captain Beefheart, Hot Tuna, Janis Joplin, New Riders of the Purple Sage, Sonny & Cher and Stevie Ray Vaughan. He turned down an opportunity to represent The Doors after the group demanded that he only represent them.
Grateful Dead.
Kant became best known for his representation of the Grateful Dead, bringing the band millions of dollars in revenue, through his management of the band's intellectual property and merchandising rights. At Kant's recommendation, the group was one of the few rock 'n roll pioneers to retain ownership of their music masters and publishing rights. Kant's role with the band was so significant that his business cards with the band identified himself as "Czar".
Kant planned to donate his legal business records to a proposed Grateful Dead museum to be built in San Francisco that didn't come into fruition, so that his experience in the historical development of contracts and business practices could be used as a resource by visitors.
Poker.
Kant won the $2,500 Pot Limit Omaha tournament at the 1987 World Series of Poker, earning a gold WSOP bracelet and $174,000. He was the runner-up in the $2,500 Limit Hold'em tournament at the 1990 World Series of Poker. Kant would often have members of the Grateful Dead cheering for him at poker tournaments.
During his poker career, Kant had total live tournament winnings exceeding $1,100,000. His 12 cashes as the WSOP account for $524,514 of those winnings.
Death.
He died at age 77 in Reno, Nevada on October 19, 2008 from pancreatic cancer. He was survived by his wife, Jesse, and his three sons, two stepchildren and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19921873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921873" title="St. John's Business and Enterprise College">
St. John's Business and Enterprise College

St. John's Business and Enterprise College (Irish: "Coláiste Gnó agus Fiontair Naomh Seán", also known as St. John's, Dromore, or by its old title St. John's High School) is a Roman Catholic voluntary maintained secondary school for boys and girls based in the village of Dromore, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is in the Western Education and Library Board area.
As of September 2012, the school has an enrolment of 140 pupils.
History.
The school opened as St. John's High School in September 1965 as a co-educational school for boys and girls aged 11 to 15 years old, which increased to 16 with the raising of the compulsory schooling age in 1973. The school was bombed by the UVF on 18 March 1973, causing extensive damage. Rebuilding was completed by September 1975.
In 2006, St. John's High School became St. John's Business and Enterprise College after having obtained specialist school status from the Department of Education The school was one of the first twelve in Northern Ireland to be designated with a specialist status, and the first specialising in Business & Enterprise. 
Site.
St. John's is situated on the top of a hill in Dromore just off the main A5 Omagh to Enniskillen road that goes through the village, with the local St. Davog's Catholic Church lying just across the road. Dromore village can be looked down upon from the front entrance of the school.
The school building was originally built as one complete unit prior to opening in the 1960s. In the 1990s two new blocks were completed, a technology-and-design block was opened in October 1994 and a science block, separate from the main building, was opened in September 1997. A new sports complex, the Dromore Sports Complex which is separate from the main building consisting of an indoor sports hall, a gym, meeting room and changing facilities was officially opened in January 2008. The Dromore Sports Complex serves a dual purpose, during school hours the facility is used by the college and localprimary schools in Dromore for timetabled Physical Education activities. Outside of these hours the complex facilities is open to members of the public and local groups. 
Catchment area.
St. John's initially served the Catholic parishes of Dromore and Kilskerry, which included the villages of Dromore, Trillick and Kilskerry, and later in the early 1970s added the parish of Donacavey and the village of Fintona to its catchment area. This area, all of which is rural, lies in the west of County Tyrone, south and west of Omagh, bordering County Fermanagh.
This remains the core catchment area of the school today however past and present pupils have come from other local villages and towns in both Tyrone and Fermanagh including Omagh, Irvinestown, Drumquin, Killyclogher, Seskinore, Beragh, Castlederg, Ederney and Tempo.
Education.
St. John's teaches children aged between 11 and 16 (Year 8 to Year 12) and covers subject areas in Key Stages 3 and 4. Subjects taught include English, Mathematics, Science, History, Geography, Business Studies, French, Religious Studies, Music, Drama, Art, Technology and Design, Information Communication Technology, Home Economics, Physical Education, Motor Vehicle Studies and Careers.
Students in Years 11 and 12 follow courses in subject areas that lead towards GCSE qualifications. After these exams, where the final papers are taken at the end of the school year in May and June and students receive their results in August, students leave the school. The vast majority will continue their education by studying for a Post-16 qualification normally at a school or college in Omagh or Enniskillen. This normally includes A-Levels, Vocational A-Levels, National Diploma or NVQ which may involve work placement. Other students either get accepted into a local Apprenticeship or enter straight into the workforce.
In Summer 2007, 80% of Year 12 students obtained 5 or more GCSEs where grades between A* and C were obtained. This made the school for that year the third highest achieving in Northern Ireland for non-grammar schools (those whose intake is not comprised by academic selection through the eleven-plus exam) in GCSE examinations.
The school has for a number of years run a "School to Work" programme for students in Years 11 and 12. This is offered to students in Year 10, as part of choosing their optional subjects for GCSE study, and is subject to interview involving themselves and their parents or guardians. Students that follow this programme spend one day a week with a local employer which is monitored by South West College in Omagh.
Principals.
The current principal is Miss Christine Doherty, a long-time Mathematics and ICT teacher at the school who succeeded Mr Adrian Taggart in 2007, having been an acting principal for a year prior. Other previous principals include Eugene McGrade, John McCusker and Hugh Colton (deceased).
Sport.
Located in rural West Tyrone, where many students do not live in the immediate vicinity of Dromore and depart the school each day on buses, restricts most sports activity to that within breaks during school hours and during Physical Education lessons.
The main success for the school in sport has been in Gaelic football. The school has won numerous Tyrone Vocational Schools Gaelic football titles at under-14 and under-16 level and has won the Ulster Vocational Schools Arthurs Cup (under-16) in 1967, 1974 and most recently in 1999, along with the Ulster Vocational Schools McDevitt Cup (Under 14) in 1977. Several past students have also represented the Tyrone vocational schools' Gaelic football teams in winning Ulster and All-Ireland titles since the late 1960s.
The school has been an important nursery for local Gaelic football clubs in its catchment area, notably Dromore St. Dympna's, Fintona Pearses, Trillick St. Macartan's, Drumquin Wolfe Tones and Drumragh Sarsfields. A large amount of the Dromore squad that won the Tyrone Senior Football Championship for the first time, including captain Fabian O'Neill, were former students of St. John's.
In 2008, Ryan McMenamin and Colm McCullagh, both past students, were starting players of the Tyrone team that won the 2008 All-Ireland Senior Gaelic Football Championship defeating Kerry in the final at Croke Park while Conor O'Neill and Ronan McNabb were both members of the Tyrone team that won the 2008 All-Ireland Minor Gaelic Football Championship defeating Mayo after a replay in Longford with McNabb as team captain.
The school has also had success in ladies' Gaelic football with the winning of the Ulster Under 15 "B" Schools title in 1999 being its biggest success to date. Its most recent championship victory was winning the Tyrone Schools "C" Championship in 2006. Former students to have represented the Tyrone county team included Orla O'Neill, Sinéad McLaughlin, Mairéad McCann and Sonya Maguire. St. John's is also an active participant in school cross-country running competitions.
Motto.
The motto of St. John's is "Love One Another", reflecting the Christian values of St. John's. This motto was to be found on a previous version of the school crest. However the modern version does not contain the motto.
Publications.
The school has a newsletter called "Hilltop News" which is published several times a year, normally just before half-term and end-of-term breaks. The newsletter covers achievements made by members past and present of the student body and on news of general interest about St. John's.

</doc>
<doc id="19921880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921880" title="Black Pearl (band)">
Black Pearl (band)

Black Pearl was a San-Francisco-based band that existed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s. They released two albums, "Black Pearl" (1969) and "Black Pearl - Live!" (1970).
History.
Black Pearl was composed of Bernie "B.B" Fieldings (vocals), Bruce Benson (guitar), Oak O'Connor (drums), Geoffrey Morris (guitar), Tom Mulcahy (guitar) and Jerry Causi (bass). Morris, Causi and Benson had been members of the Barbarians, a 60s garage band noted for their extreme long hair for the times and their single, " Are You a Boy or Are You A Girl". The Barbarians were also noted for the band's drummer, Moulty, who had lost one hand in a childhood accident and consequently played drums with a hook. 
The band was formed after Barbarians' singer and drummer Moulty refused to travel to Boulder, Colorado for a two week engagement. A new drummer, Oak O'Connor, plus Mulcahy and Fieldings, joined with ex-Barbarians Morris, Causi and Benson, all initially based in Boston, to form Black Pearl in 1967. The band relocated from Boston to San Francisco, after a period of time in Colorado.
Fieldings, who was white, was a wild showman who modeled his stage presence on that of James Brown. His admiration for James Brown was evident on the group's live album, which contains a twelve minute version of James Brown's "Cold Sweat". As noted by one reviewer, "Black Pearl crank out some hard rockin' psych-rock music with the most ferocious drumbeats you've heard in a while." The band's three guitar lineup was considered to be both unique and powerful, being a format also found in contemporaries Moby Grape and Buffalo Springfield.
Black Pearl released two albums, "Black Pearl" (1969) and "Black Pearl - Live!" (1970), with the second being less well-received than the first.
Discography.
"Black Pearl" Atlantic 1969; CD reissue Wounded Bird, 2007
"Black Pearl - Live!" Prophesy, 1970

</doc>
<doc id="19921883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921883" title="James Unsworth">
James Unsworth

James Unsworth (March 4, 1844 — January 1, 1893) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm roundarm bowler who played for Lancashire. He was born in the Everton district of Liverpool and died in Warrington, Lancashire.
Unsworth's early club cricket career was spent with Everton Cricket Club in 1865, before he moved on to Anfield Club, New Brighton and Huyton - where he spent nine years.
Unsworth made two first-class appearances for Lancashire during 1871. He scored 2 and 23 on his debut against Kent, taking three wickets in the first innings in which he bowled. In Unsworth's second and final appearance, he scored a duck in a ten wicket victory for Lancashire.
Following the close of his first-class career, he became a landlord.

</doc>
<doc id="19921900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921900" title="KKCQ (AM)">
KKCQ (AM)

KKCQ (1480 AM) is a Full Service formatted broadcast radio station featuring a mix of talk and oldies music. KKCQ is licensed to Fosston, Minnesota, serving Eastern Polk County, Minnesota and Clearwater County, Minnesota. Both stations are owned by Pine to Prairie Broadcasting, Inc.
Programming.
News comes from ABC radio and the Minnesota News Network.
Location.
It sits east of downtown Fosston at 30056 U.S. Highway 2, along with sister stations KKCQ-FM and KKEQ. The transmitter site is next to the studios.
Call Sign History.
The station was assigned the KKCQ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 16, 1984. It was originally KEHG, then owned by De La Hunt Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="19921913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921913" title="Shoot Twice">
Shoot Twice

Shoot Twice (, ) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Nando Cicero and starring Klaus Kinski and Antonio Sabàto. The film is also known as Twice a Judas.
Releases.
Wild East released this alongside "And God Said to Cain" in a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19921923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921923" title="Ed Townsend (swimmer)">
Ed Townsend (swimmer)

Robert Edward Townsend, Jr. (born September 13, 1943) is an American former competition swimmer, Pan American Games gold medalist, and former world record-holder.
Townsend participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, where he swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay. He won a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay at the 1963 Pan American Games.
Townsend attended Yale University, where he was a standout swimmer for coach Phil Moriarty's Yale Bulldogs swimming and diving team from 1963 to 1965. He won an NCAA national championship in the 400-yard individual medley (1963), and three more as a member of winning Yale teams in the 400-yard freestyle relay (1963, 1964, 1965).

</doc>
<doc id="19921926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921926" title="Jair Marrufo">
Jair Marrufo

Jair Marrufo (born 7 June 1977 in El Paso, TX) is an American soccer referee of Mexican descent. He has been a referee in Major League Soccer since 2002 and a FIFA referee since 2007. His father, Antonio Marrufo, was a FIFA referee from Mexico and served on the Mexican Referee Commission. Jair Marrufo speaks fluent English and Spanish.
Marrufo was 2008 MLS Referee of the Year.
He was on the list of 38 referees to potentially referee the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Controversy resulted after the 2-2 tie between the Columbus Crew and Chicago Fire on 25 April 2009. Witnesses reported seeing Fire player and Mexican star Cuauhtémoc Blanco giving his jersey to the referees after the game.
Marrufo was suspended by MLS for the remainder of the 2009 MLS season as of September 1, 2009, for poor performances over the course of the season, and subsequently on February 5, 2010, Marrufo was removed from the 2010 World Cup referee list.
It was announced in 2013 that Marrufo would be a member of the newly formed Professional Referee Organization, the body responsible for refereeing appointments among North America's strongest soccer league.

</doc>
<doc id="19921987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921987" title="Nora J Murray">
Nora J Murray

Nora J Murray (1888–1955) was an Irish poet and school teacher at the heart of the Ardclough Sedition Case, when her teaching of Irish history was the subject of a complaint by a Unionist landlord. “The Wind Upon the Heath” was published by William Butler Yeats’ publisher Maunsel & Co in 1918.
Early life.
The daughter of Timothy Murray from Carrick on Shannon, she was a scholarship student at the local Marist Convent and noted musician. After graduation she taught at Ardclough National School in Co Kildare. She married Alfred Whyte on September 6, 1919.
Poetry.
Ms Murray was the first lady teacher in an Irish national school to make her name as a poet. Prior to the publication of “The Wind Upon the Heath” (July 1918) to favourable critical reaction her poetry appeared in the Irish and Sunday Independent during the revolutionary period. She also had short stories published. Some poetry relating to her native County Leitrim was published post-humously.
Sedition Case.
Ms Murray’s teaching of history was the subject of a complaint from local Unionist landlord Bertram Hugh Barton (1858–1927) in 1916.
Late in 1917 these allegations reappeared in the form of a complaint about “seditious teaching” filed to the National School commissioners in the name of Mrs Bourke, who said that her child had been discriminated against because he was the son of a British soldier.
A sworn enquiry organised by Commissioners was postponed, pending a prosecution for sedition by the Dublin Castle administration in Ireland. A defence fund was organised by local people and after considerable publicity no sedition proceedings were initiated.

</doc>
<doc id="19921995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921995" title="Bruce Smith (musician)">
Bruce Smith (musician)

Bruce Neal Smith is a British musician best known as the drummer for post-punk band The Pop Group. He has also been a member of The Slits and the New Age Steppers and is currently performing with Public Image Ltd. He was once married to Neneh Cherry.
Career.
Smith helped co-found The Pop Group in 1977 and would play with them until they disbanded in 1981. Smith was also part of the line-up when the band re-formed in 2010.
While the Pop Group was still active, Smith also joined The Slits in 1979 and would play with them until they disbanded in 1981.
After the Pop Group and the Slits, Smith teamed up with Adrian Sherwood and performed with the New Age Steppers and various other acts on Sherwood's On-U Sound Records label. He married Neneh Cherry, who was also involved with the New Age Steppers, during this period. Smith and Cherry then went onto form Rip Rig + Panic with former Pop Group guitarist Gareth Sager. This band performed from 1981-1983.
In 1986 Smith joined PiL for the tour to support their "Album" release and became a permanent member of the band, playing on their next two studio albums "Happy?" and "9". Smith left PiL in 1990 a few years before the band broke up. However, Smith re-joined the band when John Lydon reformed it in 2009.
In addition to working with his regular bands, Smith has also done a lot of session work, recording with artists such as Terrence Trent D'Arby, Guided By Voices, The The and Björk.

</doc>
<doc id="19921998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19921998" title="Taking Over (EP)">
Taking Over (EP)

Taking Over was an EP released by The King Blues in 2007. It was available initially on their December 2007 tour of the UK. The title is taken from the track "Taking Over" from their first album Under The Fog, however the version that appears on the EP differs from the album version. The other three tracks on the EP were previously unreleased, although a different recording of "If Genghis Khan..." was released as the B-side to the first "Mr. Music Man" single.

</doc>
<doc id="19922012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922012" title="Angelika Speitel">
Angelika Speitel

Angelika Speitel (born 12 February 1952) is a former member of the West German terrorist Red Army Faction.
Life.
Speitel worked as a clerk in the office of lawyer Klaus Croissant, alongside her husband Volker Speitel (who was also an RAF terrorist). During this time she helped form an information system of communication between many imprisoned terrorists across Germany. Volker went underground in 1974, and Angelika followed suit when she was suspected of involvement in the Jurgen Ponto murder in 1977.
She became an active member of the second generation RAF, taking part in bank robberies and was suspected to have been directly involved with the Hanns-Martin Schleyer kidnap-murder.
In a forest in Dortmund, on 24 September 1978, Speitel was involved in target practice with some other RAF members (Michael Knoll and Werner Lotze) when they were ambushed by police. A shoot-out followed where one policeman (Hans-Wilhelm Hans) was shot dead, and Speitel and Knoll were both shot down and arrested. Lotze managed to escape, and Knoll later died of his injuries.
Imprisonment and release.
Subsequently, Speitel was charged with murder and sentenced to life imprisonment by a Düsseldorf court. During her incarceration she attempted suicide by hanging and cutting her wrists, but she survived. In 1989, she was pardoned by Federal President Richard von Weizsäcker, and released from prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19922021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922021" title="1999 Asian Super Cup">
1999 Asian Super Cup

The 1999 Asian Super Cup was the 5th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1999 competition was contested by Júbilo Iwata of Japan, who won the 1998–99 Asian Club Championship, and Al Ittihad of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 1998–99 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup.
Júbilo Iwata.
1Júbilo Iwata goals always recorded first.
2 The match was played over one leg by mutual agreement.
Al Ittihad.
1 Al Ittihad goals always recorded first.

</doc>
<doc id="19922028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922028" title="Adelphobates">
Adelphobates

Adelphobates is a genus of poison dart frogs. It is a sister group to the "Dendrobates" and "Oophaga" genera. The proposed genus, "Excitobates" includes some of the members.
Etymology.
"Adelphobates" is from the Ancient Greek, "adelphos" (brother or twin) and "bates" (walker or climber). "Brothers" refers to Charles W. Myers and John W. Daly, two unrelated scientists directly involved with studies of the species.
General physical description.
All members have conspicuous, vibrant coloration, and smooth skin. Type species is "Adelphobates castaneoticus" (Caldwell and Myers, 1990).
Distribution.
Geographic range for the genus is throughout Amazonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19922030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922030" title="Bute Ministry">
Bute Ministry

John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute served as Prime Minister of Great Britain during 1762–1763.

</doc>
<doc id="19922036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922036" title="Ardclough Sedition Case">
Ardclough Sedition Case

Ardclough Sedition Case was a complaint and threat of prosecution leveled against “Nora J Murray” (1888–1955), an Irish poet and school teacher, during the revolutionary period.
Complaint.
Ms Murray’s teaching of history in Ardclough National School was the subject of a complaint from local Unionist landlord Bertram Hugh Barton (1858–1927) in 1916. 
Late in 1917 these allegations reappeared in the form of a complaint about “seditious teaching” filed to the National School commissioners in the name of Mrs Bourke, who said that her child had been discriminated against because he was the son of a British soldier. 
Mrs Bourke informed the Commissioners that the teacher “instructs the children always to hate the British and tells them when they grow up she hopes they will fight and die for an Irish Republic,” phrases uncannily similar to the complaints used by Bertram Barton.
She alleged that Ms Murray taught children the nationalist poetry written by Emily Lawless (1845–1913) who had been born in nearby Lyons and who was a granddaughter of United Irish leader Valentine Lawless 2nd baron Cloncurry (1773–1853). She also alleged that Ms Murray had allowed songs composed by Thomas Davis and Peadar Kearney to be sung in class. Influences of all three writers can be found in Murray’s own poetry.
Response.
In October 1917 the Commissioners notified the manager of the school, John Donovan that the complaint had been received. He responded that, contrary to Mrs Bourke's accusations, that there had been no instances of seditious teaching in the history class, which had focused mainly on the Norman period, that the charge of victimisation of Bourke’s child was “absolutely false” and that the numbers attending the school had not, as alleged, fallen as a consequence of a loss of confidence in Miss Murray. 
Fr Donovan referred to “the celebrated tongue” Mrs Bourke had in the neighbourhood.” He claimed that the teacher was both efficient and popular, and that any songs that may have been sung in class were so widely known that “no-one attaches any significance to them.”
Enquiry.
A sworn enquiry organised by Commissioners was postponed, pending a prosecution for sedition by the Dublin Castle administration in Ireland. A defence fund was organised by local people and after considerable publicity no sedition proceedings were initiated. 
The only demand on Miss Murray from the Commissioners was that she was required in future to submit all songs to be sung in class for prior approval. Mrs Bourke’s children moved to a Protestant school run under the patronage of Barton in Straffan demesne.
Significance.
The case was regarded as a turning point in the battle between the Colonial authorities and the Irish National Teachers Organisation and school managers for freedom of expression in the Irish classrooms at a time when teachers were instructed to force children to recite poems such as “a happy English child.”

</doc>
<doc id="19922045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922045" title="Double Face">
Double Face

Double Face (, ) is a 1969 Italian thriller film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Klaus Kinski. 
It was released in France as "Liz and Helen", and later in a French adult version under the title "Chaleur et jouissance" (translation: "Heat and Pleasure")

</doc>
<doc id="19922049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922049" title="Paragliding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Paragliding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Paragliding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held from 20 October to 24 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Results.
Accuracy.
Men's individual.
October 20–23
Men's team.
October 20–23
Women's individual.
October 20–23
Women's team.
October 20–23
Distance.
Men's individual.
October 20–24
Men's team.
October 20–24
Women's individual.
October 20–24
Women's team.
October 20–24

</doc>
<doc id="19922051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922051" title="Poison (story)">
Poison (story)

Poison is a short story written by Roald Dahl that was originally published in June 1950 in "Collier's". In 1950 it was adapted to the radio program Escape. In 1958 it was turned into an episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents, directed by Alfred Hitchcock himself.
Plots summary.
This short story is set in India during the time of British rule. The main character is Harry Pope and the narrator of the story is Timber Woods. He goes over to his friend Harry Pope's house. Harry is in bed, motionless, sweating, and in a panic. He claims to have a snake (the poisonous krait) on his stomach, underneath the covers. He asks Timber to go get a doctor. He calls Dr. Ganderbai, a local Indian doctor who rushes over as soon as possible. Timber and Ganderbai frantically try to get the snake off of Harry through various methods (which include sedating the snake and giving Harry an antivenin) . As the story progresses, it is revealed that there is in fact no snake on Harry.
After the initial panic, Ganderbai tries to lighten the mood by making sarcastic comments and asking Harry if there actually was a snake. Harry, believing that Ganderbai is calling him a liar, proceeds to lay out multiple racial slurs. As Ganderbai walks out of the room, Timber thanks him for doing such a nice job. Ganderbai's only reply is that the only thing Harry needs is a good vacation.
References.
www.daltonvoorburg.nl/file/5148/1068724056/Poison.doc

</doc>
<doc id="19922067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922067" title="The Engine Room Acoustic Session">
The Engine Room Acoustic Session

The Engine Room Acoustic Session was an EP released by The King Blues in 2008. It was available exclusively at their album release show at the Carling Academy Islington in London on October 22nd 2008, fans were able to sign up online to receive a signed copy, requesting a message of up to ten words be written by the band, the CD was made available for collection at the gig. All four tracks are performed acoustic, tracks 2 and 4 are taken from their second album Save The World. Get The Girl while A New England is a cover of Billy Bragg's song and "Needle & Thread" was previously unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="19922075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922075" title="Nicolaus à Kempis">
Nicolaus à Kempis

Nicolaus à Kempis ("Nicolaes a Kempis") was a composer active in Brussels in the middle of the 17th century. 
Not much is known about Kempis. He was born around 1600, but it is unknown where. Some musicologists think that he came from northern Italy, perhaps from Florence. He died in 1676.
The earliest extant piece of biographical information about him is his nomination as organist of the cathedral of Saints Michael and Gudule in Brussels around 1626. His son, Joannes Florentius, succeeded him there in 1670.
Between 1644 and 1649, he published in Antwerp several volumes of "Symphoniae" amounting to 98 short instrumental pieces and eight motets. He wrote sonatas ranging from pieces for solo instrument and continuo to pieces in six parts.
Nicolaus à Kempis was the first musician to import the Italian viol style and techniques of Girolamo Frescobaldi, Marco Uccellini, Giovanni Battista Fontana and Dario Castello in the southern Low Countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19922084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922084" title="Norman Briers">
Norman Briers

Norman Briers (born February 10, 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Highfields, Leicester.
Briers' career with the Second XI began in 1965, but he had to wait a further two years until he made his only appearance in a first-class match, against Cambridge University. The game, most notable for opener Michael Norman carrying his bat for a first-class best 221 not out, saw Briers score just one run in the only innings in which he batted.
Briers continued playing for the Second XI until the end of the 1967 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19922089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922089" title="Sallent">
Sallent

Sallent () is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in the Autonomous Community of Catalonia, Spain. The river Llobregat divides the municipality into two halves. Its main resources are mining and industry. It was the birthplace of Saint Anthony Mary Claret (1807–1870)

</doc>
<doc id="19922099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922099" title="Bay Area Video Coalition">
Bay Area Video Coalition

The Bay Area Video Coalition (BAVC) is a non-profit organization that works to connect independent producers and underrepresented communities to emerging media technologies. It was founded in 1976 in San Francisco, and has been active in providing diverse community access to media creation and innovation to underrepresented groups and other local non-profit organizations.
Mission.
BAVC is committed to inspiring "inspires social change by enabling the sharing of diverse stories through art, education and technology." 
History.
BAVC was founded in 1976 by a coalition of media-makers and activists who, initially, wanted to find alternative, civic-minded applications for a new technology - PortaPak video. While the technology has continued to change radically, BAVC’s mission remains.basically the same. 
In 1976, The Rockefeller Foundation provided seed funding to a coalition of media makers, journalists, educators, and non-profit activists to complete a study that ultimately called for the founding of a media arts nonprofit. One year later, the Bay Area Video Coalition (BAVC) initiated its Membership & Fiscal sponsorship programs. Gail Waldron was hired as the first Executive Director. The nation's first (non-profit) broadcast-level suite that meets PBS standards was created at BAVC in 1978. The National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) funded BAVC to begin production of "Western Exposure", a series of six diverse programs by Bay Area independents. The first workshop – Color Production – was taught with a Hitachi FP-1020 camera and JVC portable recorder. 
In 1980, BAVC Job Center opened, a space for students, job seekers, and industry pros to network and share opportunities. As Executive Producer, BAVC produced "The Stand In", directed by Bob Zagone and starring Danny Glover. One year later, BAVC produced "The Life and Times of Rose Maddox", a documentary about the country western singer. The Grass Valley Switcher was installed in the Online suite, and Morrie Warshawski became the new Executive Director. 
The BAVC artist-in-residence program was born with the Capp Street Project, sponsoring Mary Lucier, Daniel Reeves, and Francesco Torres. BAVC was the only video facility in San Francisco not damaged by the Loma Prieta earthquake in 1989, and was able to provide postproduction services for all American Red Cross relief reports. In 1991, the organization set up its Technical HelpDesk, initiated the Artist Equipment Access (AEA) program, now known as the Media Maker Awards, and co-published "Illuminating Video: An Essential Guide to Video Art." BAVC acquired a ProTools system in 1993 and completed “Brothers,” the first interactive video program aimed at slowing the spread of HIV among African Americans. One year later, the organization was awarded an NEA Challenge Grant to develop a video preservation center. The captioning program was established with funds from the NEC Foundation of America and Toyota USA Foundation. Education expanded to 250 workshops a year; Avid authorized BAVC to be their Northern California Training Center. 
The Getty Research Institute and the Andy Warhol Foundation supported "Playback '96," an international symposium on video preservation at SFMOMA. In 1997, BAVC moved to its current home at 2727 Mariposa, tripling in size. JobLink was launched and the first annual "MediaMaker Handbook " was published. In 1999, YouthLink was launched, and Compaq donated the NT Lab. Their education program offered 500 workshops a year and a contract was awarded from the state Employment Training Panel (ETP). BAVC executive-produced "Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain", and won the 1999 Best Practices Award from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. They produced "TechArcheology: A Symposium on Installation Art Preservation," "Where Media Collide," a speakers series on the convergence of digital media, and "From Promising Practices, Promising Futures," the Ford-funded national study of tech workforce development. Two national meetings were held on Building a Digital Workforce. 
BAVC was awarded the Smithsonian Laureates Award and the Audrey Nelson Community Development Award. By 2001, captioning grew by 500% and was certified by the National Association for the Deaf and the U.S. Department of Education. Over 500 videos were preserved from archives and major museums across the country, including The Kitchen and the Smithsonian Institution. Apple selected them to be an Apple Certified Training (ACT) Center. They developed an artist-in-residence program and Polish video artist Pawel Kruk was selected. Electronic Cafeco-founderKit Gallaway partnered with BAVC in 2003 to preserve the historic video piece, "Hole-In-Space." SPARK, a /BAVC co-production about the Bay Area arts scene, premiered. Also in 2003, Lost Boys of Sudan was completed in BAVC's online suite. "The Weather Underground," onlined and close-captioned at BAVC, was nominated for an Academy Award in 2004. SPARK garnered four Northern California Emmy nominations. BAVC is called “the best place to make media” by the San Francisco Bay Guardian. 
BAVC and the Community Technology Foundation of California launched the Zero Divide Digital Storytelling Institute. BAVC began to preserve audiotape in addition to videotape, with a grant from Richard and Pamela Kramlich’s New Art Trust. In 2005, the organization produced PREPUT, a training seminar for public media professionals. BAVC, Film Arts Foundation, and KQED teamed up to produce "Truly CA." Jennifer Reeder became BAVC’s first HD artist in residence. BAVC and Rearden Studios hosted a screening and reception with video artist Bill Viola. "Beyond the Dream," a four-part documentary series for PBS, was onlined at BAVC. Youth Sounds merged with BAVC in 2006 to create BAVC Next Generation Programs, a comprehensive new model of youth media training and development. In partnership with Podshow, Adobe and SF Mayor Gavin Newsom’s Digital Media Advisory Council, BAVC Next Gen presented "True2Life: Everyday Activities and Youth Changing the World," showing youth as innovative cultural producers and the Bay Area as a model in linking youth to community and industry change. BAVC worked with the Tisch School of the Arts, NYU as well as The Getty Research Institute and the Merce Cunningham Dance Company to help develop video preservation curriculum and training resources for their students and staff. 
In 2007, with core funding from the MacArthur Foundation, BAVC launched the Producers Institute for New Media Technologies, creating space for independent producers, entrepreneurial public broadcasting entities, and the Bay Area’s digital media industry to generate cross-platform companion pieces for independent media.

</doc>
<doc id="19922112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922112" title="Ana María Schultz">
Ana María Schultz

Ana María Schultz (born October 9, 1935) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. She claimed a total number of five medals at the 1951 Pan American Games, and trained in Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19922139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922139" title="Defoe (comics)">
Defoe (comics)

Titus Defoe is a comics character in an eponymous story published in the British science fiction anthology "2000 AD". He was created by writer Pat Mills and artist Leigh Gallagher and first appeared in Prog 1540.
Defoe is a zombie hunter in an alternative 17th Century London overrun by plagues of zombies after a comet struck England in 1666. Defoe and his companions keep the undead plagues at bay using weapons devised by the likes of Sir Isaac Newton and Robert Hooke.
Characters.
The Dirty Dozenne.
The band of 12 zombie slayers led by Defoe:
Previous members –
Plot.
During the Civil War Titus Defoe fought as a Roundhead for the Parliamentary forces, seeing action at the battle of Naseby, where his friend Jack received horrific face wounds. A committed Leveller, Defoe and his friends were betrayed by Cromwell's Republic after the war and executed or exiled. Disillusioned by Cromwell's actions, Defoe retired from military life and worked a sedan chair around the streets of London with Jack until he had saved enough money to buy a cottage in Colchester with his young wife, where they soon had several children. This idyll was shattered in 1666 when a meteor passed over the Southeast of the country, starting the Great Fire and raising the dead from the ashes. The great and good of society had begun receiving visits in their dreams from beings who claimed to be angels for some years before the disaster, and had been forewarned of the imminent catastrophe. The poor were not so lucky, and were left to their fate. Defoe's wife and children were among them, and lost their lives to the zombie hordes. Defoe joined the employ of the lately restored King as a zombie hunter, dedicated to ending the undead scourge and bringing order back to the streets of London.
1666.
Called to what seemed a routine zombie outbreak, Defoe first re-encountered his former friend Jack, now Jack O' Bite, an undead ghoul and zombie lieutenant. Shadowed, somewhat to his chagrin, by intrepid young reporter Fear-the-Lord Jones, Defoe repelled a zombie outbreak at the ruin of St Paul's Cathedral in concert with fellow zombie hunter Jack Ketch, former hangman, where the trio were saved by the timely arrival of a flying machine.
The machine was manned by Isaac Newton and Robert Hooke who, along with Boyle and other Natural Philosophers of the Invisible College, were spearheading the fight against the zombies with new weapons and new technologies – part of the ongoing angelically inspired Renaissance. Defoe informed Newton of his encounter with Jack O' Bite, which seemed to suggest that some marshalling intelligence was controlling the undead hordes. This intelligence was soon revealed; the severed head of Oliver Cromwell. Cromwell's head led an attack on the King, but was eventually frustrated by Defoe and Newton, who drove back the zombie hordes. A gloating Jack O' Bite revealed to Titus that it was he who was responsible for the death of his wife and child, but the swirl of battle forced the two apart before an enraged Defoe could slay his former friend, Jack promising future retribution.
Defoe slew Cromwell for a second time, thus laying to rest at least some of the ghosts of his past, and Newton decreed Defoe England's new Zombie Hunter General.
Brethren of the Night.
Now head of an elite team of specialist zombie hunters known as the Dirty Dozenne, or Brethren of the Night, Defoe was leading a pro-active campaign of eradication of zombie nests as part of the ongoing reclamation of those parts of London destroyed by the 1666 comet. It was at the ruins of the former Royal Exchange that they encountered Gonoph Bendigo, a dung collector and former bare-kuckle fighter who had tasked his two young apprentices to loot the tunnels below the ruins of any forgotten valuables. The boys woke the sleeping evil in the tunnels and released a horde of fire zombies, who slew both the boys and Bendigo.
Fear-the-Lord Jones, meanwhile, had tracked La Voisin to Ipswich and learnt her true identity, only to be confronted and shot by her. Embarking on a frantic ride back to London, a mortally wounded Fear staggered to Whitehall to find his brother If-Christ-Had-Not-Died-For-Thee-Thou-Wouldst-Be-Damned Jones, an agent in the British Secret Service. Managing to impart his information before he died, Damned swore to avenge his brother and track down La Voisin.
Unaware of Fear's fate, Defoe was meanwhile making inquiries among the linkboys and mudlarks as to 'Mister Quick', their nickname for a mysterious masked figure who stole away young boys that later turned up dead, as hosts to zombie eggs implanted by the self-styled 'Queen of the zombies', La Voisin, the second in command of Mene Tekel. Managing to narrow down Mister Quick's last known attack to a particular coffee house, Defoe realised that one of the patrons who were there that night had to be Mene Tekel himself – the six members of the King's own Cabal, Damned, and his spymaster Provost.
Later, in the process of closing down an illegal zombie pit fight, he encountered an enigmatic foreign diplomat, Countess Madalena von Konigsberg, or 'Prussian Blue', who seemed to have some measure of control over the undead. She managed to get away, but Defoe was not slow to realise that this was almost certainly La Voisin herself. This was confirmed when he met Damned for the first time shortly afterward, who informed him of Fear's information, namely that La Voisin was operating out of Ipswich with the aid of ten highly intelligent super-zombies, the Diabolonians. The two swore to track down the fiends responsible for Fear's death together.
Queen of the Zombies.
Defoe and the Brethren of the Night tracked La Vosion to Ipswich and encountered the Diabolonians in their coffins, slaying all ten super-zombies – but not without the loss of one of their own number, the Spiriter, whose heart was torn from his chest. La Voison fled unharmed, but the Brethren were able to track her back to London and thus learn her true identity, Defoe realising that she was indeed the same woman he had met some months earlier.
Back in London, Defoe and Damned made their move at a party held in Nonsuch House – attended, among others, by La Voisin, Robert Hooke, Samuel Pepys, and the members of the King's Cabal, one of whom was almost certainly Mene Tekel him(or her)self – William Bedloe, Colonel Thomas Blood, Aphra Behn, Doctor Richard Busby, Thomas Dangerfield and Bevil Skelton. Unbeknownst to any of them, however, the Spiriter – lately risen from the dead – had also returned to London in the meantime, and proceeded to release the hordes of undead kept caged at Wapping, awaiting exportation to the colonies and plantations as cheap manual labour.
While Robert Hooke demonstrated to the guests at the party his 'clockpunks', clockwork automatons with zombie brain matter, Damned and Defoe made their move against La Voisin. She outwitted them both and used her sorcery to take command of the clockpunks before fleeing. Defoe chased La Voisin back through a ballroom become a slaughterhouse, as clockpunks ran rampant, murdering guests with impunity. He succeeded in chasing her down and beheading her, earning vengeance for Fear. When Damned and Aphra Benn managed to escape the burning building, they revealed to Titus the shocking truth – not only was Colonel Blood Mene Tekel, but this was only one of several faces that he had worn in his time – his true identity was Johann Faust.
A Murder of Angels.
Led by the zombie Spiriter, the undead from Wapping besieged the Tower and Isaac Newton's Mint, their intent surely to disrupt the alchemical production of gold that kept Britannia the world's principal power, forcing the Brethren to the defence. Ezreel Tonge died in the assault, and only an intervention by the Tower's Ravenmaster and druid Morvran helped repel an attack by airborne zombies. With the hordes temporarily rebuffed, Defoe was free to attend to the matter of the imminent public execution of the Tower's most dangerous prisoner – Terra Moto, a misshapen monstrosity believed to be an angel trapped halfway when trying to shape shift into a human.
While the Brethren entertained Thomas Brandon, the executioner (son of Richard Brandon), Morvran slipped away, only to be surprised by a large, pale fish-like monstrosity known as The Pale Rider, who barbarically slew the druid. With Morvran dead and his protective powers no longer in force around the Tower, it was rendered open to angelic interference. On consultation with John Milton, Defoe and Damned realised that The Pale Rider was himself an angel, a seraph of the first sphere, who had come to prevent Terra Motot revealing the secrets of the angels. They raced to prevent the execution, having realised that Brandon was himself the Seraph. Revealed for what he was, the Seraph discarded Brandon's form and called the undead still waiting outside to his aid. Solomon Eagle died at their hands as the crowd that had gathered to watch the execution fled to safety, leaving Defoe to stand against the Seraph. After a fight in which Terra Moto died, Ketch managed to behead the angel, but the undead were too great a force. As the zombies broke into the Martin Tower and pillaged the Crown Jewels, the survivors fled into the White Tower to make their final stand, as an aggrieved Faust looked on and plotted from afar...
The Damned.
Faust appears to Tomazine Scarlet in a dream, reminding her of her time in prison, when she prayed for the angels to take her unborn baby. He reveals it was delivered into his care and has since grown up with him. Using the boy as leverage, he forces her into agreeing to leave an oubliette in the White Tower open for the undead forces to break in. The Zombie hunters fend off the subsequent incursion, but Tomazine's betrayal comes out. Defoe concocts a plan; rather than wait for the army to relieve the siege, he decides to strike directly at Faust, the zombie's controlling influence. He, Damned and Tomazine disguise themselves as zombies to slip through the crowd outside, destroying the Spiriter before they make their getaway. Back at Nonsuch House there is a confrontation with Faust, who also has Jack O' Bite with him. He gives Tomazine back her son as proof of his good will and offers Defoe a bargain – the killer of his family for a way into the Tower. When Titus agrees to the offer, Damned attacks him as a traitor and Defoe knocks him unconscious. Faust lowers his protective aura to let Jack out, whom Defoe beheads – and he then goes on to give Faust the necessary tactics for victory. The battle for the Tower begins to go against the zombie hunters, but it has all been a ruse – Defoe attacks Faust, who flees Nonsuch House, taking Tomazine and her son with him as hostages. A pursuit and chase ends with the final death of Faust, and robbed of their controlling influence the zombies hordes disperse. With uncomfortable memories of his murdered family dredged up, Defoe quits his position as Zombie Hunter General to be true to his leveller roots.
Appearances.
Defoe has so far appeared in five serials (all written by Pat Mills with art by Leigh Gallagher), four of which have been collected into two trade paperbacks, the first with around twenty panels redrawn.
Historical characters referenced in Defoe.
Besides the principal (mostly fictional) characters, Defoe is littered with references to a vast number of notable historical figures. Some feature prominently as characters in their own right, others warrant only a passing mention. They include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19922162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922162" title="Martin Schøyen">
Martin Schøyen

Martin Schøyen (born January 31, 1940) is a Norwegian businessman, traveller, historian, paleographer and collector of books.
He started collecting books in 1955. Currently his private collection, the Schøyen Collection, contains above 13 000 manuscript items, the oldest book is about 5000 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19922179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922179" title="Fabio Ceravolo">
Fabio Ceravolo

Fabio Ceravolo (born 5 March 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Ternana.
Ceravolo played twice for Reggina in the Coppa Italia before joining Atalanta on loan on 20 August 2009, 2 days before the start of the Serie A season. As part of the deal, Reggina signed Daniele Capelli on loan.
On 2010-11 season, Atalanta and Reggina had a co-ownership for Ceravolo, but he still playing for the "Dea". In July 2011, Reggina bought the Atalanta part.
On 10 January 2013 he was signed by Ternana.

</doc>
<doc id="19922182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922182" title="Gangster's Law">
Gangster's Law

"Gangster's Law" () is a 1969 Italian thriller film directed by Siro Marcellini and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19922197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922197" title="E. Knowlton Fogg">
E. Knowlton Fogg

Ebenezer Knowlton Fogg (October 24, 1837 – April 21, 1900) was an American shoe retailer and politician, who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and as a member of the Common Council, Board of Aldermen and as the 24th Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.
Early life.
Fogg was born on October 24, 1837 in Norwood, Massachusetts to Jeremiah Fogg and Abigail (Hill) Fogg.
Postmaster of Lynn.
Fogg was the Postmaster of Lynn, Massachusetts from June 1, 1898 until his death on April 21, 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="19922201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922201" title="Werner Gilles">
Werner Gilles

Werner Gilles (29 August 1894 – 23 June 1961) was a German artist.
Gilles was born in Rheydt/Rheinland (today Mönchengladbach) He found his artistic calling while at the academies of Kassel and Weimar, studying under Lyonel Feininger of the Bauhaus school. He later moved after 1921 to Istria, Italy. He moved to Düsseldorf in 1923, but between 1925 and 1930 he moved also worked in Berlin and Paris and lived in both during the period.
The Nazi regime named him as a degenerate artist from the 1930s, and he had to stop working until after the war. From 1951 he moved to München in the winter, and Istria in the summer. He died in Essen in 1961.
Werk.
Von den Aufenthalten auf der Insel Ischia hat seine Malerei entscheidend geprägt. Das Spannungsfeld zwischen der heidnischen klassischen Antike auf der einen Seite und die abendländisch-christlichen Kultur in der südlichen Landschaft der italienischen Insel auf der anderen Seite, wird sein bestimmendes Bildthema. Er malt Ölbilder und Aquarelle und thematisiert in immer neuen Variationen sowohl die heiteren als auch die bedrohlichen Aspekte dieser Gegenden in seinen Landschaftsdarstellungen. Seine Malerei der 1920er und 1930er Jahre hat dabei Anklänge an die Werke der Künstler des Blauen Reiters.
Die Malerei in den 1950er Jahren und die späteren Werken von Gilles zeichnen sich durch Stilisierungen der Motive und eine eher flächige Bildkomposition aus.

</doc>
<doc id="19922225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922225" title="Ordem dos Biólogos">
Ordem dos Biólogos

The Ordem dos Biólogos (OdB) is a professional body for biologists, primarily those working in Portugal. The Ordem dos Biólogos is headquartered in Lisbon, and has regional branches in several other cities across Portugal. It was founded in 1998 by the decree "Decreto Lei número 183/98 de 1998 (DR nº 152/98 de 4 de Julho)". Any citizen with accredited degree and professional activity in biology (or other specific related fields covered by its statutes) within Portugal, is required by law to be affiliated with the Ordem dos Biólogos.
History.
The Ordem dos Biólogos is the successor of the Associação Portuguesa de Biólogos (APB) founded in Abril 20, 1987.
Role of the Ordem dos Biólogos.
As the professional body representing biologists, the Ordem dos Biólogos is frequently consulted on biological issues by the Portuguese Government, Parliament of Portugal, higher education institutions, industry and other organisations.
Membership.
There are several grades of membership, depending upon biological qualifications and experience. The main requirements include high level of attainment in biological experience, personal integrity, professional attributes and academic qualifications. In addition, there are student and associate membership grades.
The Member grade is the main professional grade. Members are professional biologists with a standard of academic attainment equivalent to the bachelor's degree (Portugal's "licenciatura") level in biological science and with post-graduate responsible experience in biological research or in the teaching or application of biological science. Members are entitled to use the professional title Biologist or related titles like Bioscientist or Biotechnologist.
Fellowship.
Fellowship of the Ordem dos Biólogos is the senior professional grade. Bioscientists who have achieved distinction in biological research or the teaching or application of biological science are eligible.
Specialized societies.
The Ordem dos Biólogos has four specialized professional biologists' societies divided in four major fields: environment, biotechnology, education, and human biology and health.

</doc>
<doc id="19922229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922229" title="Government Premier College">
Government Premier College

Government Premier College is a government college of commerce in Karachi. It is considered to be the Top Listed First College of Commerce in Pakistan. It is situated in Block H, North Nazimabad Town, Karachi. It has three shifts:

</doc>
<doc id="19922240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922240" title="Salt in the Wound">
Salt in the Wound

Salt in the Wound () is a 1969 Italian "macaroni combat" war film directed by Tonino Ricci and starring Klaus Kinski and George Hilton.
Plot.
Two condemned soldiers (Klaus Kinski and Rai Saunders) and their overseeing West Point officer survive a Nazi ambush on their way to execution. They make their way to a desolate Italian village which happens to be in the path of a German advance. While there they learn the meaning of self-sacrifice and courage when they become emotionally involved in the people and fortunes of the town and must defend the village from the invading Nazi force.
Releases.
Wild East Productions released the film on a limited edition NTSC Region 0 DVD double feature with "Churchill's Leopards" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19922266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922266" title="Belarus–Serbia relations">
Belarus–Serbia relations

Belarus–Serbia relations are foreign relations between Belarus and Serbia. On December 31, 1991, SFR Yugoslavia recognized Belarus by the decision on the recognition of the former republics of the USSR. Diplomatic relations between Belarus and FR Yugoslavia were established on November 15, 1994 and at the ambassadorial level in 1996. 
Belarus has an embassy in Belgrade. Serbia has an embassy in Minsk.
Relations.
The important stimulus for closer economic and cultural cooperation, and also for the development of tourism, is the visa-free regime which has been in force between Belarus and Serbia since 2000.
Deep mutual understanding and close cooperation in the field of culture have confirmed successfully carried "Days of culture of Belarus" in Serbia in 2005. "Days of culture of Serbia" were held in Belarus in 2007. Serbian artists regularly take part in Slavianski Bazaar in Vitebsk and have won three Grand Prix awards in 1997, 1999 and 2002. Days of the Serbian cinema were held in Minsk in 2006 with record attendance. 
The contract-legal basis of cooperation of Belarus and Serbia includes 20 signed agreements which cover almost all areas of bilateral interests.
Trade.
In 2006, Belarusian exports to Serbia were tractors, potash fertilizers, salt, ferrous metal twisted wires and cotton fabric. Serbian exports to Belarus were pipes, rubber hoses and sleeves, synthetic polymer paints and varnishes, rough-grinding machine tools, honing machines, modular machines for metal processing. Belarus and Serbia signed a free trade agreement in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19922322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922322" title="IndiePub">
IndiePub

indiePub Entertainment, Inc. "(formerly Zoo Entertainment, Inc.)" is a publisher of video games based in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
History.
Zoo Games was a wholly owned subsidiary of Zoo Entertainment originally known as DFTW Merger Sub, Inc. In March 2007, DFTW merged with Green Screen Interactive Software, LLC to become Green Screen Interactive Software. Following the merger, Green Screen acquired Supervillain Studios in June 2007, Destination Software in December 2007 and Zoo Digital Publishing in April 2008. In August 2008, Green Screen was renamed Zoo Games, Inc. and Destination Software was renamed Zoo Publishing, Inc., with Zoo Publishing becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Zoo Games. Supervillain Studios was sold back to the original owners in September 2008 and six months following the acquisition of Zoo Digital Publishing it was sold back to the original owners in order for the company to refocus on their Zoo Publishing operations.
On May 7, 2009 it was announced by Zoo Publishing that the company had acquired the rights from New World IP to publish and distribute Empire Interactive's entire catalog which includes titles such as "Big Mutha Truckers" and "Flatout Head On". The rights were acquired from New World IP who had recently purchased Empire's intellectual property as the company went into administration. In June 2009, Zoo Games created a wholly owned subsidiary, Zoo Entertainment Europe Ltd., in order to move into the European market however, operations were discontinued in December 2009.
September 28, 2011, indiePub announced that it was a year into development of an indies-only game and application (apps) distribution or publishing platform. Developers will be able to create a "Pub" (online storefront) to sell their games and apps. The following week (October 7, 2011) indiePub revealed that it would give indie developers 75% of the revenues from their games sold through the service and that it would support games and other apps made for PC (Windows), Macintosh (OS X), Linux and Android devices (phones and tablets). iOS games, can be linked from a Pub. It will also use distributed sales tools which have not yet been detailed.
May 15, 2012, Zoo Entertainment, Inc., officially became indiePub Entertainment, Inc.
indiePub Games.
Zoo Publishing is also the sponsor of indiePub Games, a community of independent video game developers. Zoo originally launched indiePub as 2Bee Games in 2009 but changed to indiePub in 2010 and periodically holds indie game development competitions with cash prizes for the best games.
Mid 2010, indiePub held its 3rd Independent Game Developers' Competition when indiePub launched.
Mid to late 2010, indiePub held a Mobile Game Competition.
Early 2011 indiePub held an indie game developer competition called the Independent Propeller Awards and featured $150,000 in prizes, an award sponsored by Unity Technologies and an award sponsored by Intel AppUp developer program.
Late in 2011 indiePub started their fifth indie game developer competition called the 2012 Independent Propeller Awards and featured $50,000 in prizes.
indiePub Mobile.
February 1, 2011, Zoo Entertainment, Inc., announced that it launched indiePub Mobile to develop mobile games for iOS and Android. EA Mobile's former Development Director, Rob Cassidy, was named indiePub Mobile Director. Initially announced mobile games were: "Fractal", "Blocks: The Devilish Delivery Game" (renamed "Kona's Crate"), "Paper Venture", "Totem Destroyer Deluxe" (HD) and "Cargo Delivery". According to the company, this was the first time an indie game publisher has expanded with a designated mobile division.
Games.
This is a list of games published under the Zoo Games label and, further below, under indiePub. For the games published by Destination Software before it was acquired; see List of Destination Software games.
Released (Zoo Publishing).
2008
2009
2010
2011
Released (indiePub & indiePub Mobile & indiePub Entertainment).
2010
2011
2012
2013
Announced - Not Yet Released

</doc>
<doc id="19922327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922327" title="Miss Dominican Republic">
Miss Dominican Republic

Miss Dominican Republic (Spanish: Miss República Dominicana) is a pageant where women ranging from the ages of 18 to 27 compete, each representing a Dominican province, city, or community. In 2003, the pageant was split into four organizations with four separate national pageants: Miss República Dominicana Universo, Miss Mundo Dominicana, Miss Tierra República Dominicana, and Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana to represent Dominican Republic in the four major international pageants namely Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss Earth, and Miss International. In 2011, Reina Nacional de Belleza also obtained the national franchise for Miss World.
In 2013, all Dominicans contests organizations unite to become one to be the Concurso Nacional de Belleza de la República Dominicana to be held in 2014 and beyond.
Dominican Republic also sends representatives in other minor global pageants such as Miss Intercontinental Pageant, Miss Tourism Queen International, Reina Hispanoamericana, Miss Continente Americano, Miss America Latina, Miss Caribbean, Miss Global Cities, Miss Globe International, Miss Global Teen, Miss Bikini International, Miss Asia Pacific, Miss Interamerica, Miss Leisure, Miss Tourism World, and Miss Worldovision.
History.
Miss Dominican Republic has been responsible for crowning the most beautiful, most poised and intelligent young Dominican women since 1927. In 1956, the pageant was officially restarted after crowning models from 1952 until 1955. In 1956, Olga Fiallo from Santiago won, making the Dominican Republic's first representative to Miss Universe. In 1966, the Concurso Nacional de Belleza Dominicana lost its Miss Universe rights for only one year but on that same year it gained their Miss World franchise sending the winner of that year, Jeanette Dotel from San Juan as their first representative. In 1967, the organization officially decided that the Winner would go to Miss Universe, First Runner-up would enter Miss World and Second Runner-up to a Festival of Latin Beauties in South America. The MRD organization had acquired the Miss International rights, but the organization would only send a representative if the budget allowed them. It wasn't until 1980, were they decided that the Second Runner-up would enter either in Miss International, Reinado Nacional del Café or Miss América Latina. In 1989 until 2000, the official Second Runner-up would enter Miss International, the Third Runner-up would enter Reinado Nacional del Café and the Fourth Runner-up would enter Miss América Latina.
Since 2003, the representatives of Dominican Republic for the four major international pageants are selected by four different organizations. Miss República Dominicana Universo, managed by Magali Febles, sends the winner to the Miss Universe, Miss Mundo Dominicana winner vies in Miss World, Miss Tierra República Dominicana winner competes in Miss Earth, while the winner of Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana competes in Miss International. In 2010, the representative in Miss World was handpicked by Miss Mundo Dominicana. In 2011, Reina Nacional de Belleza acquired the national franchise for Miss World Dominican Republic in addition to Miss International Dominican Republic.
In 2013, the organization of Miss República Dominicana have all the "Grand Slam Pageants", with 15 franchises in international competitions, the 15 finalists will go on to represent the Dominican Republic.
Provincial Pageants.
In 2009, there has been a huge involvement of the organization in regional pageants. There is right now 6 regional pageants.
For the first time, Miss Dominican Republic organization, will have auditions / contests in all the provinces except the province of Santo Domingo, because of its huge population, the 3 metropolitan municipalities have auditions / contests.
The pageants are:
<br>Miss Azua
<br>Miss Bahoruco
<br>Miss Barahona
<br>Miss Dajabón
<br>Miss Distrito Nacional
<br>Miss Duarte
<br>Miss El Seibo
<br>Miss Elías Piña
<br>Miss Espaillat
<br>Miss Guerra-Boca Chica
<br>Miss Hato Mayor
<br>Miss Hermanas Mirabal
<br>Miss Independencia
<br>Miss La Altagracia
<br>Miss La Romana
<br>Miss La Vega
<br>Miss Los Alcarrizos
<br>Miss María Trinidad Sánchez
<br>Miss Monseñor Nouel
<br>Miss Monte Cristi
<br>Miss Monte Plata
<br>Miss Pedernales
<br>Miss Pedro Brand
<br>Miss Peravia
<br>Miss Puerto Plata
<br>Miss Samaná
<br>Miss San Cristóbal
<br>Miss San José de Ocoa
<br>Miss San Juan
<br>Miss San Pedro de Macorís
<br>Miss Sánchez Ramírez
<br>Miss Santiago
<br>Miss Santiago Rodríguez
<br>Miss Santo Domingo Este
<br>Miss Santo Domingo Norte
<br>Miss Santo Domingo Oeste
<br>Miss Valverde
<br>Dominican Communities Abroad
<br>Miss Comunidad Dominicana en Estados Unidos
<br>Miss Comunidad Dominicana en Puerto Rico
<br>Miss Comunidad Dominicana en Venezuela
Miss Dominican Republic World winners.
Miss Mundo Dominicana is a pageant that was made 2003 until 2013. Since 1956 they crowned Miss Dominican Republic, Miss Dominican World and Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana together. Then they split up in 2003. In 2011, the Miss Dominican Republic World was given to Dominican designer Diany Mota, along with Miss Dominican Republic International.
Miss Dominican Republic International winners.
Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana is a pageant that was made 2003. Since 1962 they crowned Miss Dominican Republic, Miss Dominican World and Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana together. Then they split up in 2003 until 2013.
In 1991 Miss Dominican Republic International 1991 Rafaela Suarez didn't wanted to enter in Miss International 1991, so Melissa Vargas took over. In the Miss Dominican Republic pageant 1995 and Miss Dominican Republic 1996, the winners would enter both Miss Universe and Miss International. In 2003, the first winner, Aura Ramos could enter Miss International 2003 due to visa problems at last minute. It had various names during its history. They were "Señorita República Dominicana Internacional", "Miss RD Internacional" and "Reina Nacional de Belleza".
Miss Dominican Republic Earth winners.
The Dominican Republic Earth, also known as Miss Tierra República Dominicana, used to be crowned together with the Miss Dominican Republic Universe, Miss Dominica World, and Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana from 2001 to 2003. In 2003, the four beauty pageant titles were split until 2013.
The Miss República Dominica Tierra national pageant is held annually. The winner is expected to participate in the international Miss Earth beauty pageant, an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness. The Miss Earth winner serves as the spokesperson for the Miss Earth Foundation, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and other environmental organizations.
Miss Supranational República Dominicana.
Reina Nacional de Belleza, the organizer of Miss World República Dominicana and Miss RD Internacional, holds the national franchise and sends candidate to the Miss Supranational pageant. The following is the list of representatives of the Dominican Republic to the Miss Supranational:
Miss Turismo Dominicana.
Miss Turismo Dominicana was a separate pageant that crowns a represents Dominican Republic in Miss Tourism World. The Pageant was made 2007 by electing a dinner with 20 candidates and were asked questions. The candidates came from other Dominican pageant. In 2008 the first official pageant was created with the franchise of Miss Tourism Queen International.
Miss Continentes Unidos (1st runner-up).
In Miss Dominican Republic Universe, the "1ra Finalista" or the 1st Runner-up would represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Continente Americano. In an Exception of 2006, where Mía Taveras entered. In 2013, the pageant renamed from "Miss Continente Americano" to Miss Continentes Unidos.
Reina Hispanoamericana.
In Miss Dominican Republic Universe, the "2da Finalista" or the 2nd Runner-up would represent the Dominican Republic in Reina Hispanoamericana. In an Exception of 2007, where Massiel Taveras entered.
3rd runner-up.
In Miss Dominican Republic Universe, the "3ra Finalista" or the 3rd Runner-up would represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Caribbean. In an Exception of 2006 and 2008, where the 2nd runner up entered.
4th runner-up.
In Miss Dominican Republic Universe, the "4ta Finalista" or the 4th Runner-up would represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Global City. In an Exception of 2006 and 2007, where in 2006 the winner, Mía Taveras entered and in 2008 the 1st Runner-up, Mariel Sabogal enters
Venues.
Each year there is a different venue for Miss Dominican Republic. When the winner won, the next year the pageant would be in the province or city she represented last year. It would be in an Auditorium from a local College, or University from Province or city.
María de los Angeles Sagrado Corazón de Jesus Trujillo was the Queen Reina de la Feria de la Paz y Confraternidad del Mundo Libre in 1955. It is mistakenly stated that she competed in the Miss Dominican Republic pageant.
Some women of Dominican descent have competed at Miss USA such as Susie Castillo who won the title of Miss USA 2003 and then later placed as a semi-finalist at the Miss Universe 2003 pageant. Amy Diaz competed at the Miss USA 2008 pageant and was in the Top 15, however she had previously was not placed at the Miss Teen USA 2001 pageant. Yanaiza Alvarez another Dominican candidate from Rhode Island enter Miss USA 2001 and was a semifinalist. Adriana Diaz is a Dominican American that was not place Miss USA 2006 representing New York.
Winnings ranking.
Finalist ranking.
"Miss Mundo Dominicana/First Runner-up
Miss República Dominicana Internacional/Second Runner-up
"Miss Tierra República Dominicana
"Miss Supranational República Dominicana
Top 10 Rankings by Tally.
As of August 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19922334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922334" title="St Peter's Church of England Aided School">
St Peter's Church of England Aided School

St Peter's Church of England Aided School is one of Exeter's five state sector high schools.
The school was awarded language college status in 2002. The headteacher as of 2013 was Mark Perry, but Lyn Bourne is currently Acting Headteacher. A new head is soon to be appointed.
The old school building was knocked down (September 2006). Since then, a new building managed by Carillion has been in use.
Notable alumni.
Ben Aldridge (born 1985) - Actor

</doc>
<doc id="19922365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922365" title="Esther Epstein">
Esther Epstein

Esther Epstein (born May 10, 1954) is an United States chess player and systems manager, who has won the U.S. Women's Chess Champion in 1991 and 1997. She holds a Woman International Master title.
Still in the USSR, Epstein was the USSR Women's Vice-Champion in 1976. She has played for the U.S. Women's Olympiad team four times.
She is married to chess grandmaster Alexander Ivanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19922371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922371" title="1980 BMW Open – Singles">
1980 BMW Open – Singles

Manuel Orantes was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Rolf Gehring won the title, defeating Christophe Freyss 6–2, 0–6, 6–2, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19922383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922383" title="Athlinks">
Athlinks

Athlinks is a free-of-charge social networking website aimed at competitive endurance athletes. It primarily presents race results for running, swimming, cycling, mountain biking, triathlon, and adventure racing. It is also represented as tool for athletes to connect with other competitors and enthusiasts locally.
About.
Athlinks claims to have the "most comprehensive database of endurance race results and events anywhere in the world". Users can mark their own race results, and build a thorough list of their race history.
The website also has a "rivals" feature, where a user can compare themselves to athletes with similar results. Like other social network websites, a user maintains a group of "friends". In addition, users may keep a training log, list their gear items, upload photos, and present a schedule of future events.
In February 2013, ChronoTrack, a provider of timing, race management and live race services, announced that it had acquired Athlinks.

</doc>
<doc id="19922402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922402" title="Venus in Furs (1969 film)">
Venus in Furs (1969 film)

Venus in Furs (, ) is a 1969 Italian supernatural erotic thriller film directed by Jesús Franco and starring James Darren.
The film (also known as "Paroxismus" and "Black Angel") bears only a superficial resemblance to the 1870 "Venus in Furs" novel by Leopold von Sacher Masoch. The title and character names in Franco's original script were changed to the novel's for commercial reasons. Franco's film is a surreal supernatural erotic thriller about unattainable love and how far one is willing to go for the person they desire. It is not a study in masochism as portrayed in the novel.
James Darren plays a jazz musician who becomes obsessed to the point of madness with the mysterious fur-clad Wanda (Maria Rohm), only to find her dead body washed up on the beach.
Reception.
"The New York Times" wrote a negative a review of "Venus in Furs" on its initial release, stating that the film "features much inept fancy moviemaking (including echoes of ""La Dolce Vita"" and even ""Vertigo""), some semi-nudity, and virtually endless confusion". Glenn Erickson was more positive.

</doc>
<doc id="19922469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922469" title="Upper Hessian Railway Company">
Upper Hessian Railway Company

The Upper Hessian Railway Company ("Oberhessische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft") was a private concern whose aim was to build and run railway lines in the province of Upper Hesse in the Grand Duchy of Hesse, a state within the German Empire in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Whilst the Main-Weser railway had linked Wetterau, a town in the western part of the province of Upper Hesse, to the new mode of transport as early as 1850-1852, much of the area, around the Vogelsberg, remained without any railway connexions for years. Not until 1868/69 was the Upper Hessian Railway Company founded with assistance from the Frankfurt banking house, Erlanger & Söhne, and with the financial support of the state of Hesse.
It contracted a Belgian company to build routes from the railway hub of Giessen to Gelnhausen (Lahn–Kinzig Railway) and Fulda (Vogelsberg Railway). On 29 December 1869 services were opened from Giessen to Hungen, on 29 June 1870 to Nidda and on 30 October 1870 to Büdingen. The entire route of the Lahn-Kinzig Railway to Gelnhausen, that comprised a link line of 70 km length along the western perimeter of the Vogelsberg to the Kinzig Valley Railway, was completed on 30 November 1870.
The 106 km long link from Giessen to Fulda ran through the northern foothills of the Vogelsberg, the first section of which was opened to traffic as far as Grünberg on 29 December 1869. But further construction on the railway was delayed by the Franco-Prussian War so that Alsfeld was not reached until 29 July 1870, Lauterbach until 30 October 1870 and Bad Salzschlirf by the end of the same year. The remainder of the Vogelsberg Railway was not completed until 31 July 1871. Twenty-eight kilometres of the two routes lay in Prussian territory.
The demand for services turned out to be below expectations for both passenger and goods traffic. As a result, the company reached an agreement with the Grand Duchy of Hesse whereby the state became the owner of the railway from 1 January 1876. The state set up a railway division for the Upper Hessian Railways in the provincial capital of Giessen. This formed the cornerstone for the subsequent Grand Duchy of Hesse State Railways.

</doc>
