<doc id="19823859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823859" title="Historiography of the British Empire">
Historiography of the British Empire

The historiography of the British Empire refers to the studies, sources, critical methods and interpretations used by scholars to study the history of the British Empire. Scholars have long studied the Empire, looking at the causes for its formation, its relations to the French and other empires, and the kinds of people and their ideas who became imperialists or anti-imperialists. The history of the breakdown of the Empire has attracted scholars of the United States (which broke away in 1776), as well as India (independent in 1947) and the African colonies (independent in the 1960s).
John Darwin (2013) identifies four imperial goals: colonizing, civilizing, converting, and commerce. In the First British Empire (before 1780s) there was no single imperial vision, but rather a multiplicity of private operations led by different groups of English businessmen or religious groups. While protected by the Royal Navy, they were not funded or planned by the government.
In the Second British Empire, which emerged after the loss of the Thirteen Colonies (1783) and the victory in the Napoleonic Wars (1815) there four distinct elements in the colonies. The most politically developed colonies were the self-governing colonies in the Caribbean and those that later formed Canada and Australia. India was in a category by itself, and its immense size and distance required control of the routes to it, and in turn permitted British naval dominance from the Persian Gulf to the South China Sea. The third group was a mixed bag of smaller territories, including isolated ports used as way stations to India, and emerging trade entrepots such as Hong Kong and Singapore, along with a few isolated ports in Africa. The fourth kind of empire was the informal dominance exercised through investments, as in Latin America, and including the complex situation in Egypt (it was owned theoretically by the Ottoman Empire, but ruled by Britain). John Darwin argues the British Empire was distinguished by the adaptability of its builders. Darwin says, "The hallmark of British imperialism was its extraordinary versatility in method, outlook and object." The British tried to avoid military action in favour of reliance on networks of local elites and businessmen who voluntarily collaborated and in turn gained authority (and military protection) from British recognition.
In recent years scholars have paid special attention to its impact on the native peoples of Asia and Africa who became part of its domain, with respect to the impact on their economy, social structure, demography, politics and world view. The cultural turn in historiography has recently emphasized issues of language, religion, gender, and identity. Recent debates have considered the relationship between the "metropole" (Britain itself, especially London), and the colonial peripheries. The "British world" historians stress the material, emotional, and financial links among the colonizers across the imperial diaspora. The "new imperial historians," by contrast, are more concerned with the Empire's impact on the metropole, including everyday experiences and images.
Idea of Empire.
Armitage (2008) traces the emergence of a British imperial ideology from the time of Henry VIII to that of Robert Walpole in the 1720s and 1730s. Using a close reading of English, Scottish and Irish authors from Sir Thomas Smith (1513–77) to David Hume (1711–1776), Armitage argues that the imperial ideology was both a critical agent in the formation of a British state from three kingdoms and an essential bond between the state and the transatlantic colonies. Armitage thus links the concerns of the 'New British History' with that of the Atlantic history. Before 1700, Armitage finds that contested English and Scottish versions of state and empire delayed the emergence of a unitary imperial ideology. Furthermore the notions of republicanism produced in the writers a tension between "empire and liberty" and "imperium and dominium". However political economists Nicholas Barbon and Charles Davenant in the late 17th century emphasized the significance of commerce, especially mercantilism or commerce that was closed to outsiders, to the success of the state. They argued that "trade depended on liberty, and that liberty could therefore be the foundation of empire." To overcome competing versions of 'empires of the seas' within Britain, Parliament undertook the regulation of the Irish economy, the Act of Union (1707) and the formation of a unitary and organic 'British' empire of the sea. Walpole's opponents in the 1730s in the "country party" and in the American colonies developed an alternative vision of empire that would be "Protestant, commercial, maritime and free." Walpole did not ensure the promised "liberty" to the colonies because he was intent on subordinating all colonial economic activity to the mercantilist advantages of the metropolis. Anti-imperial critiques emerged from Francis Hutcheson and David Hume, presaging the republicanism that swept the American colonies in the 1770s and led to the creation of a rival empire.
Theories of imperialism.
Theories about imperialism typically focus on the British Empire, with side glances elsewhere. The term "Imperialism" was originally introduced into English in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of British prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. It was shortly appropriated by supporters of "imperialism" such as Joseph Chamberlain. For some, imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest, and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed. Liberal John A. Hobson and Marxist Lenin added a more theoretical macroeconomic connotation to the term. Many theoreticians on the left have followed either or both in emphasizing the structural or systemic character of "imperialism." Such writers have expanded the time period associated with the term so that it now designates neither a policy, nor a short space of decades in the late 19th century, but a world system extending over a period of centuries, often going back to Christopher Columbus and, in some accounts, to the Crusades. As the application of the term has expanded, its meaning has shifted along five distinct but often parallel axes: the moral, the economic, the systemic, the cultural, and the temporal. Those changes reflect - among other shifts in sensibility - a growing unease, even squeamishness, with the fact of power, specifically, Western power.
The relationship among capitalism, aristocracy, and imperialism has long been debated among historians and political theorists. Much of the debate was pioneered by such theorists as J. A. Hobson (1858–1940), Joseph Schumpeter (1883–1950), Thorstein Veblen (1857–1929), and Norman Angell (1872–1967). While these non-Marxist writers were at their most prolific before World War I, they remained active in the interwar years. Their combined work informed the study of imperialism's impact on Europe, as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the United States from the 1950s. Hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation. Hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption, create wealth, and encourage a peaceful multilateral world order. Conversely, should the state not intervene, rentiers (people who earn income from property or securities) would generate socially negative wealth that fostered imperialism and protectionism.
Benevolence and human rights.
The British had a duty to protect and promote the human rights of the natives, and to help pull them from the slough of traditionalism and cruelties (such as suttee in India and foot binding in China). The notion of "benevolence" was developed in the 1780-1840 era by idealists who proved a pain to efficiency-oriented colonial administrators and profit-oriented merchants. Partly it was a matter of fighting corruption in the Empire, as typified by Edmund Burke's long, but failed, attempt to impeach Warren Hastings for his cruelties in India. The most successful development came in the abolition of slavery led by William Wilberforce and the Evangelicals, and the expansion of Christian missionary work. Edward Gibbon Wakefield (1796–1852) spearheaded efforts to create model colonies (such as South Australia, Canada and New Zealand. In Wakefield’s vision, the object of benevolence was to introduce and promote values of industriousness and a productive economy, and not use colonies as a dumping ground for transported criminals.
Slavery.
One of the most controversial aspects of the Empire is its role in first promoting and then ending slavery. In the 18th century British merchant ships were the largest element in the "Middle Passage" which transported millions of slaves to the Western Hemisphere. Most of those who survived the journey wound up in the Caribbean, where the Empire had highly profitable sugar colonies, and the living conditions were bad (the plantation owners lived in Britain). Parliament ended the international transportation of slaves in 1807, and used the Royal navy to enforce that ban. In 1833 it bought out the plantation owners and banned slavery. Historians before the 1940s argued that moralistic reformers such as William Wilberforce were primarily responsible.
Historical revisionism arrived with West Indian historian Eric Williams in "Capitalism and Slavery" (1944), rejected this moral explanation and argued that abolition was now more profitable, for a century of sugar cane raising had exhausted the soil of the islands, and the plantations had become unprofitable. It was more profitable to sell the slaves to the government than to keep up operations. The 1807 prohibition of the international trade, Williams argued, prevented French expansion on other islands. Meanwhile British investors turned to Asia, where labor was so plentiful that slavery was unnecessary. Williams went on to argue that slavery played a major role in making Britain prosperous. The high profits from the slave trade, he said, helped finance the Industrial Revolution. Britain enjoyed prosperity because of the capital gained from the unpaid work of slaves.
More recently historians have challenged Williams. They have shown that slavery remained profitable in the 1830s because of innovations in agriculture so the profit motive was not central to abolition. Richardson (1998) finds Williams's claims regarding the Industrial Revolution are exaggerated, for profits from the slave trade amounted to less than 1% of domestic investment in Britain. Richardson further challenges claims (by African scholars) that the slave trade caused widespread depopulation and economic distress in Africa—indeed that it caused the "underdevelopment" of Africa. Admitting the horrible suffering of slaves, he notes that many Africans benefited directly, because the first stage of the trade was always firmly in the hands of Africans. European slave ships waited at ports to purchase cargoes of people who were captured in the hinterland by African dealers and tribal leaders. Richardson finds that the "terms of trade" (how much the ship owners paid for the slave cargo) moved heavily in favor of the Africans after about 1750. That is, indigenous elites inside West and Central Africa made large and growing profits from slavery, thus increasing their wealth and power.
Environment.
In recent years scholars have examined the environmental impact of the Empire. The discovery and commercial or scientific use of new plants was an important concern in the 18th and 19th centuries. The efficient use of rivers through dams and irrigation projects was an expensive but important method of raising agricultural productivity. Searching for more efficient ways of using natural resources, the British moved flora, fauna and commodities around the world, sometimes resulting in ecological disruption and radical environmental change. Imperialism also stimulated more modern attitudes toward nature and subsidized botany and agricultural research.
Regions.
Australia.
Australia marks the beginning of the Second British Empire. It was planned by the government in London and designed as a replacement for the lost American colonies. The American Loyalist James Matra in 1783 write "A Proposal for Establishing a Settlement in New South Wales" proposing the establishment of a colony composed of American Loyalists, Chinese and South Sea Islanders (but not convicts). Matra reasoned that the land country was suitable for plantations of sugar, cotton and tobacco; New Zealand timber and hemp or flax could prove valuable commodities; it could form a base for Pacific trade; and it could be a suitable compensation for displaced American Loyalists. At the suggestion of Secretary of State Lord Sydney, Matra amended his proposal to include convicts as settlers, considering that this would benefit both "Economy to the Publick, & Humanity to the Individual". The government adopted the basics of Matra’s plan in 1784, and funded the settlement of convicts.
Canada.
Canadian historian Carl Berger argues that an influential section of English Canadians embraced an ideology of imperialism as a way to enhance Canada's own power position in the international system, as well as for more traditional reasons of Anglophillia. This was the first book that identified Canadian imperialism as a distinct ideology, rival to anti-imperial Canadian nationalism or pro-American continentalism, the other nationalisms in Canada.
India.
Debate continues about the economic impact of British imperialism on India. The issue was actually raised by conservative British politician Edmund Burke who in the 1780s vehemently attacked the East India Company, claiming that Warren Hastings and other top officials had ruined the Indian economy and society. Indian historian Rajat Kanta Ray (1998) continues this line of attack, saying the new economy brought by the British in the 18th century was a form of "plunder" and a catastrophe for the traditional economy of Mughal India. Ray accuses the British of depleting the food and money stocks and imposing high taxes that helped cause the terrible famine of 1770, which killed a third of the people of Bengal.
Rejecting the Indian nationalist account of the British as alien aggressors, seizing power by brute force and impoverishing all of India, British historian P. J. Marshall argues that the British were not in full control but instead were players in what was primarily an Indian play and in which their rise to power depended upon excellent cooperation with Indian elites. Marshall admits that much of his interpretation is still rejected by many historians. Marshall argues that recent scholarship has reinterpreted the view that the prosperity of the formerly benign Mughal rule gave way to poverty and anarchy. Marshall argues the British takeover did not make any sharp break with the past. The British largely delegated control to regional Mughal rulers and sustained a generally prosperous economy for the rest of the 18th century. Marshall notes the British went into partnership with Indian bankers and raised revenue through local tax administrators and kept the old Mughal rates of taxation. Professor Ray agrees that the East India Company inherited an onerous taxation system that took one-third of the produce of Indian cultivators.
United States.
Although American historians have always paid attention to the negative causes of the revolt by which the 13 colonies broke away from the Empire, around 1900 the "Imperial School," including Herbert L. Osgood, George Louis Beer, Charles M. Andrews and Lawrence Gipson took a highly favorable view of the benefits achieved by the economic integration of the Empire.
Mercantilism was the basic policy imposed by Britain on its colonies. Mercantilism meant that the government and the merchants became partners with the goal of increasing political power and private wealth, to the exclusion of other empires. The government protected its merchants—and kept others out—by trade barriers, regulations, and subsidies to domestic industries in order to maximize exports from and minimize imports to the realm. The government had to fight smuggling—which became a favorite American technique in the 18th century to circumvent the restrictions on trading with the French, Spanish or Dutch. The goal of mercantilism was to run trade surpluses, so that gold and silver would pour into London. The government took its share through duties and taxes, with the remainder going to merchants in Britain. The government spent much of its revenue on a superb Royal Navy, which not only protected the British colonies but threatened the colonies of the other empires, and sometimes seized them. Thus the British Navy captured New Amsterdam (New York) in 1664. The colonies were captive markets for British industry, and the goal was to enrich the mother country.
"The New Imperial History".
Since the 1990s a new set of approaches to imperial history have developed and these are often grouped together under the heading of the "new imperial history". These approaches have been distinguished by two features. Firstly, they have suggested that the British empire was a cultural project as well as a set of political and economic relationships. As a result these historians have stressed the ways in which empire building shaped the cultures of both colonized peoples and Britons themselves. In particular they have shown the ways in which British imperialism rested upon ideas about cultural difference and in turn how British colonialism reshaped understandings of race and gender in both the colonies and at home in Britain. Mrinalini Sinha's "Colonial Masculinity" (1995) showed how supposed British manliness and ideas about the effeminacy of some Indians influenced colonial policy and Indian nationalist thought. Antoinette Burton has been a key figure and her "Burdens of History" (1995) showed how white British feminists in the Victorian period appropriated imperialist rhetoric to claim a role for themselves in 'saving' native women and thereby strengthened their own claims to equality in Britain. Historians like Sinha, Burton, and Catherine Hall have used this approach to argue that British culture at 'home' was profoundly shaped by the empire during the 19th century.
The second feature that defines the new imperial history is its stress on the flows that connected different parts of the empire together. Both Burton and Sinha stressed the ways in which the politics of gender and race linked Britain and India. Sinha suggested that these linkages were part of an 'imperial social formation', an uneven but integrative set of arguments, ideas and institutions that connected Britain to its colonies. More recent work by scholars like Alan Lester and Tony Ballantyne (historian) have stressed the importance of the networks that made up the empire. Lester's 'Imperial Networks' (2001) reconstructed some of the debates and policies that linked Britain and South Africa during the 19th century. Ballantyne's "Orientalism and Race" developed an influential new model for writing about colonialism in highlighting the 'webs of empire' that he suggested made up the empire. These webs were made up of the flows of ideas, books, arguments, money, and people that not only moved between London and Britain's colonies, but also moved directly from colony to colony, from places like India to New Zealand. Many historians now focus on these 'networks' and 'webs' and Alison Games has used this as a model for studying the pattern of early English imperialism as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19823867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823867" title="Twat">
Twat

The word twat has various functions. It is a vulgar synonym for the human vulva, but is more widely used as a derogatory epithet, especially in British English. The word may originate from Old Norse "þveit" meaning cut, slit, or forest clearing.
Historical usage.
Robert Browning famously misused the term in his 1841 poem "Pippa Passes", believing it to be an item of nun's clothing:
Its meaning was in reality the same then as now, Browning's misconception probably having arisen from a line in a 1660 satirical poem, "Vanity of Vanities":
Another mistaken (or perhaps dialectal) use was in Edward Bulwer-Lytton's 1870 science fiction novel "The Coming Race", in an apparent satire on Darwin:
It is commonly thought that a "twat" is a noun to describe a pregnant goldfish. However, this is disputed by some and may be an urban myth.
Modern usage.
Although sometimes used as a reference to the female genitalia, the word twat is more often used in various other ways:
In August 2008, the publisher of a children's book, "My Sister Jodie" by Jacqueline Wilson, decided to reprint the word "twat" as "twit" in future editions of the novel so as not to offend readers or their parents.
In a radio interview on 29 July 2009, the leader of the British Conservative Party, David Cameron apologized for any offence caused after he used the word "twat" on live radio during a breakfast radio show interview on Absolute Radio: 
He attempted to play down the incident, and added: "I was doing a radio interview and I'm sure that people will understand that."

</doc>
<doc id="19823883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823883" title="Bison concrete armoured lorry">
Bison concrete armoured lorry

The Bison was an extemporised armoured fighting vehicle frequently characterised as a mobile pillbox. Bisons were produced in Britain during the invasion crisis of 1940-1941. Based on a number of different lorry chassis, it featured a fighting compartment protected by a layer of concrete. Bisons were used by the Royal Air Force (RAF) to protect aerodromes and by the Home Guard. They acquired the generic name "Bison" from their main manufacturer.
Need.
With the Fall of France in July 1940, the British Government made efforts to prepare for the threatened invasion. One problem was the defence of airfields against airborne troops. 
An ideal solution for protecting the open space of an airfield was by tanks and armoured cars. However, the British Army lacked heavy equipment, having abandoned much of it during the evacuation of Dunkirk. An alternative was needed which would not compete for resources with conventional armaments.
The Bison was effectively a mobile pillbox that could be driven to defensive positions when needed, or even used to block runways against landings.
Inception.
The Bison was the invention of Charles Bernard Mathews who was a director of "Concrete Limited". At this time, there were many attempts to improvise armoured vehicles, but Mathews had the resources and experience to take a professional approach.
Mathews and his commercial partner John Goldwell Ambrose had been in the Royal Engineers and had a history of wartime innovation with concrete including pre-cast pillboxes and dugouts during the First World War. One of Mathews' more unusual ideas was to stack piles of football sized concrete spheres on top of air-raid shelters; the idea was that a bomb would waste its energy scattering the heavy spheres rather than breaking the shelter. 
Mathews bought twenty-four old lorry chassis on which to base the vehicles and made up a prototype to show to local military authorities. Helpful criticism was forthcoming and Mathews was able to produce a version which met the requirements of the Army. Mathews said: " Concrete pill-boxes will never take the place of armoured cars and tanks, but the enemy would find them a serious obstacle. Their great attraction is that anybody can make them – once he knows how". 
Mathews' company trademark then (and the company name today) was a Bison, a name which became a generic label for any of these vehicles. 
"Concrete Limited" obtained chassis where they could. Many were old and some dated from the First World War period, one had even seen service as a fire engine and some had not even been converted from solid to pneumatic tyres. With a variety of chassis to work on, Bisons inevitably varied in detail, but were made in three distinct types.
Type 1 was the lightest. It had a fully armoured cab and a small armoured fighting compartment roofed with canvas.
Type 2 had an armoured cab roofed with canvas and a separate fully enclosed fighting compartment resembling a small pillbox on the back – communication between driver and crew must have been difficult.
Type 3 was the heaviest and largest, with a contiguous cabin and fighting compartment completely enclosed in concrete armour.
Production.
Steel was a valuable wartime resource so concrete was favoured for armouring these pillboxes. Any available lorry chassis was used, although the weight of the concrete meant that only the heaviest of chassis were suitable.
Lorries arrived at Concrete Limited's Stourton Works in Leeds, where the original metal bodywork was removed and wooden shuttering formers constructed. Within the formers, three sheets of expanded metal were placed as reinforcement and then fast setting, high strength concrete made with high alumina cement was poured in. Characteristic ridges at the gaps between the boards are a noticeable feature.
When a roof was provided, this was constructed from pre-cast concrete. The walls were about thick and were found to stand up well to Bren gun and armour-piercing bullets.
It is not clear how many Bisons were produced; estimates vary between two and three hundred. Due to the resilience of concrete some traces of the Bison remain today whereas nothing at all is left of the more readily recycled Armadillo.
The existence of these mobile pillboxes received significant publicity at the time. They were briefly detailed in "The Times" and at greater length in "The Commercial Motor" magazine.
Performance.
Despite un-reinforced concrete's poor performance as armour against heavy weapons, they would have been quite adequate to defend against the lightly armed German paratroops who were the anticipated enemy at airfields.
These were emphatically "not" "armoured cars", but merely a pillbox that could be moved from place to place. It was claimed to travel "at normal lorry speed" but in practice it was primarily allocated to the flatness of airfields. Most had difficulty moving at all owing to their excess weight, poor visibility and reduced radiator cooling. Some broke down completely and were either towed, or abandoned in place. Those built on steam wagon chassis coped well with the extra weight once boilers were removed, but were no longer powered.
Extant examples.
Bovington Tank Museum.
A complete type 2 Bison, reconstructed from extant parts and a period lorry chassis, can be seen at the Bovington Tank Museum. This example is a Thornycroft Tartar 3 ton, 6x4 of 1931 or later. The chassis here was a military forward-control Tartar, used as a 3 ton general service lorry; military Tartars had one wheel on each side of the rear axles, civilian models had "twin wheels" — two wheels on each side.
Access to the rear pillbox is through a hatch cut into the lorry decking. The cab armour is open-topped, and was accessed by climbing over. Early examples used a single rectangular box over both sections, but separate sloping-walled boxes saved weight. Some examples were built with unarmoured cabs, emphasising the limits of their mobility to deployment beforehand. Although attempts were often made to protect the engine and vulnerable radiator, this one has merely a light steel plate over half the radiator and the steering box is still exposed.
In period it's unlikely that a relatively modern military lorry would have been sacrificed in this way, being too valuable to replace losses after Dunkirk. The museum's Bison was built relatively recently, from an original rear pillbox on a different original chassis, with the front cab section being a modern reproduction by the Museum of Army Transport in Beverley. The suspension of this example rests on axle stands to avoid flattening the tyres.
Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre.
This Bison had been used by the Home Guard to defend RAF Digby. Later in the war, Digby was downgraded and hence the additional airfield protection was not required. It was for a while stored at Ferrybridge, Yorkshire and it was used to defend a roadblock on the A15 just outside of Sleaford. Towards the end of the war it was abandoned in a copse to the side of the A15 near Quarington Lane end. The ensuing years saw it stripped and vandalised until eventually the chassis was converted for use as a farm trailer. In 1988, the Lincolnshire Aircraft Recovery Group learned of its existence of these remains and research revealed what it really was.
On 22 March 1991 the remains of the Bison were taken to the Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre; they still retain traces of camouflage paint, and one of the sections has its original wooden shuttering.

</doc>
<doc id="19823891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823891" title="Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words">
Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words

"Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words" is the sixth episode of "The Simpsons"' twentieth season. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 16, 2008. In the episode, Lisa discovers that she has a talent for solving crossword puzzles, and she enters a crossword tournament. Lisa's feelings are hurt when she discovers that Homer bet against her in the championship match.
The episode was inspired by Patrick Creadon's 2006 documentary "Wordplay", and was written by Tim Long, and directed by Michael Polcino. Crossword puzzle creators Merl Reagle and Will Shortz guest star as themselves in the episode while Scott Thompson has a cameo as Grady, a character he first voiced in "Three Gays of the Condo". Reagle created all of the crossword puzzles that appear in the episode and as promotion for the episode, a special "Simpsons"-related message (dedicated to this episode) that appeared in "The New York Times" Sunday crossword on November 16, 2008. The episode received generally positive reviews from critics, and finished fourth in its timeslot during its initial airing on Fox, with a 3.9 Nielsen rating.
Plot.
Bart and Lisa start a lemonade stand, but it is quickly closed due to them not having a vending permit. They get in line at the licensing bureau, only to find that the long line is standing still due to the clerk doing a crossword puzzle. Impatient, Lisa completes the puzzle herself, only to find herself addicted to the puzzles. Eventually, she becomes so obsessed with them that Superintendent Chalmers hands her a pamphlet for the Crossword City Tournament. Meanwhile, at Moe's, Edna Krabappel offers to buy a beer for anyone who breaks up with Principal Skinner for her. Homer ends their relationship, and decides to take a second job in which he helps break up romantic relationships. Grady, one of his old roommates, calls Homer and asks him to break up Grady's and his boyfriend's relationship because he found a new and "better" man in Duffman. Homer successfully manages to break up the couple. After making a good deal of money, he dreams that he is pestered by the "ghosts" of the jilted lovers and thus quits the trade.
At the crossword tournament, Homer bets his money from his breakup business on Lisa and wins big. However, upon hearing Lisa saying that she is wary of the final round, he bets on the other finalist, Gil Gunderson. Gil plays Lisa for her sympathy and cons her into losing the round, which in turn lets Homer win his final bet. Upon realizing that Homer has come into some money by betting against her in the tournament, Lisa gets angry at him and refuses to acknowledge herself as Homer's daughter, even going so far as to take Marge's maiden name and start calling herself "Lisa Bouvier." Feeling guilty, Homer commissions Merl Reagle and Will Shortz to create a special puzzle for the "New York Times", with his apology to Lisa hidden in the clues and solution. The two of them make up, and Lisa is happy to call herself a Simpson again.
Production.
The episode was written by Tim Long, and directed by Michael Polcino. James L. Brooks got the inspiration for the episode from the 2006 documentary "Wordplay" which chronicles the national crossword puzzle championships, and he thought that Lisa should go to a championship in the episode. Will Shortz and Merl Reagle, who both starred in the documentary, appear in the episode. "We felt both Will and Merl were very compelling, off-the-beaten-track personalities "Wordplay", who would fit into our universe very well", Brooks said.
Shortz was the first guest star the producers of "The Simpsons" approached. Long later asked Reagle to make puzzles for the episode. Reagle recorded his lines in a studio near his home. Reagle told the "Arizona Daily Wildcat" that "for me, to be such a total nut for animation since I was a kid, I never even dreamed being in a cartoon. It's like a dream I never had coming true." He added that "you don't see crosswords in the episode for very long, but when crossword fans watch this show, we want them to think that we got it right." Reagle designed every puzzle that appears in the episode, including one that appears in a hopscotch court in Lisa's daydream. There were certain lines in the script that had to be incorporated into Reagle's puzzles, including one where Gil says "I think I'll throw some Q's around,", and he enters a number of Q's onto the grid. Reagle therefore had to create a puzzle which used words that included the letter Q more frequently than would be usual. Reagle said he saw the early script of the episode, "but they change it right up to the last minute. In a lot of ways, I'll be seeing it for the first time right along with everyone else." Scott Thompson has a cameo in the episode as Grady, a character that he first voiced in the season 14 episode "Three Gays of the Condo".
The episode features three musical montages: the sequence of Homer helping couples to break up features "Farewell to You, Baby" by Carl Martin, Homer's gambling on Lisa's puzzle solving is set to "Word Up!" by Cameo and "Fanfare for the Common Man" plays in the background of the montage of words removed from the dictionary.
Promotion.
In order to promote this episode, guest stars Reagle and Shortz collaborated with the episodes' writer Tim Long to create a hidden "Simpsons"-related message (dedicated to this episode) that appeared in "The New York Times" Sunday crossword on November 16, 2008. The crossword, which was titled "Sounds Like Somebody I Know", also appears as a plot point in the episode. Harry Shearer recorded a clip of Mr. Burns and Smithers telling the winner of the National Public Radio's Sundays Puzzle on November 16, 2008, what they had won.
Reception.
On the night it aired, the episode was watched in 8,520,000 homes and had a 3.9 Nielsen rating, finishing fourth in its timeslot. The episode did finish first in the 18-34 demographic with a 4.7 Nielsen rating and a 13% share of the audience, narrowly beating an episode of "60 Minutes" featuring Barack Obama in the demographic. Tim Long was nominated for Writers Guild of America Award in the animation category for writing the episode.
The episode received generally positive reviews from critics. Robert Canning of IGN did not think there was anything "terrible" about the episode, but he did not think there was anything to get excited about, either. Canning thought there were a number of throwaway jokes in the episode that he felt worked well, "but the episode as a whole failed to grab me. As stated, there are a number of episodes that already fit this mold, and most of those are far superior." Daniel Aughey of "TV Guide" thought the episode provided a "healthy balance" of humor, story and heart. "Exactly what makes a great Simpsons episode!" Aughey would have liked to see Homer's storyline explored as an A story in its own episode rather than cut short as a C story.
Erich Asperschlager of TV Verdict thought the puzzle-solving storyline was "a lot of fun", both for its references to the "highly entertaining" documentary "Wordplay" and the jokes it inspired. He thought the one problem with the final part of the storyline was that it took away from what could have been "one of the best Lisa-centric episodes in a long time. Marrying her bookish sensibilities with cruciverbal skills is an inspired idea. They should have done more with it. At the very least, it would have left more screentime for Will Shortz and Merl Reagle."

</doc>
<doc id="19823908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823908" title="Julie Van Dusen">
Julie Van Dusen

Julie Van Dusen is a Canadian journalist who works for CBC News and is seen mainly during "".
Van Dusen graduated with a degree in French literature and studied communications at the University of Ottawa. Van Dusen comes from a family of journalists as five of her siblings, including Peter Van Dusen, as well as her father, Thomas Van Dusen, are also reporters. After graduating from university, she began working for the Privy Council Office then as a researcher for FP News Service and Maclean's magazine as a reporter and researcher for the Parliament Hill bureau. Van Dusen began working for the CBC in 1983 at CBC Ottawa. She became a CBC Television news reporter in 1988.
She is married to former Ottawa city councillor Richard Cannings.

</doc>
<doc id="19823921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823921" title="William Douglas Lansford">
William Douglas Lansford

William Douglas Lansford (July 13, 1922 in Los Angeles – May 22, 2013) was an author, screenwriter, and film producer.
Biography.
Born to a Scots Irish and English father and a Mexican mother, Lansford was raised in a Mexican neighbourhood in East Los Angeles. He had virtually no contact with his father until he was 14. He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in 1940 and served with the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade in Iceland, the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion on Guadalcanal, and Bougainville where he was promoted to sergeant and in the 5th Marine Division on Iwo Jima
Following the war, Lansford attended college under the G.I. Bill and worked as a reporter for the "Los Angeles Daily News". 
In 1946, Lansford married actress Jean Brooks; the marriage lasted 10 years. They were divorced in 1956 and Lansford remarried to Ruth Ketcham of Long Island, New York.
During the Korean War he was commissioned as a U.S. Army officer where he became a captain whose duties included being a radio writer with the Armed Forces Radio Service, a Public Information Officer, and a company commander.
Lansford began writing for publications in many American magazines. He wrote several non-fiction books such as the biographies "Stranger than Fiction: The Real Life Adventures of Jack London" (1958) and "Pancho Villa" (1965). The latter was filmed as "Villa Rides" in 1968 with Lansford doing an early draft of the screenplay. 
Lansford wrote many teleplays for American television series such as "Four Star Playhouse", "Wagon Train","Bonanza", "The Rookies", "Starsky and Hutch", "CHiPs", and "". He also wrote the screenplays for made for TV movies depicting Jesse James ("The Intruders") and Charles Whitman ("The Deadly Tower"). He produced, directed, and wrote the film "Adios East Los"
Lansford died on May 22, 2013 at his Playa del Rey home. The cause was complications of prostate cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19823924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823924" title="Uncial 0120">
Uncial 0120

Uncial 0120 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1005 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 9th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Acts of the Apostles 16:30-17:17; 17:27-29,31-34; 18:8-26, on six parchment leaves (). The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters. The letters are leaned into right.
It has breathings and accents; errors of itacism occurs (υ and ι, η and ει, ο and ω, αι and ε). It contains the τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text is a menaeon (see Uncial 094, Uncial 0133).
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of the text-types. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.
Five leaves of this codex were published by Giuseppe Cozza in 1877 at Rome, the 6th leaf was published by Gregory in 1909 at Leipzig.
The codex now is located in the Vatican Library (Gr. 2302) in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19823935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823935" title="Bobkov">
Bobkov

Bobkov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19823956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19823956" title="Social Democratic Party of Saarland">
Social Democratic Party of Saarland

The Social Democratic Party of Saarland (, abbreviated SPS) was a political party existing between 1946 and 1956 in the Saar Protectorate. It had a short-lived predecessor, the Social Democratic Regional Party of the Saar Territory (, abbreviated SPdS) existing between 1933 and 1935 in the Saar Territory. 
Before its foundation.
In 1872 the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) for the first time gathered a meeting in a city of the Saar Basin, in St. Johann (now a locality of Saarbrücken) in order to gain supporters starting local party activities. However, the SPD was less successful in the industrial region of the Saar Basin, usually called the Saar Coal District () than in other industrialised areas of the German Empire. This was due the dominance of the coal and steel industry in the Saar Coal District which showed strong paternalistic features, providing its workers better life conditions than in other branches which again played a more important role in other industrial regions of Germany. Another feature was the strong conservatism among many Saar Basin inhabitants, with Catholic voters often rather clinging to the Centre Party or voters of declared Protestant allignment, a minority in the Saar Basin, voting for the National Liberal Party. 
So it took until 1893 that an agitation committee (Agitationskomitee) was founded in Saarbrücken in order to tour the Trier Region spreading SPD ideas and encouraging the foundation of local organisations in that region, of which the Prussian part of the Saar Basin formed part until 1920. In 1898 the Saar Coal District election association (Wahlverein Saarrevier) was founded to support SPD candidates running for the Reichstag. In 1903 the joint agitation committee for the Reichstag constituencies Trier Region No. 4 (with Saarlouis, Merzig, Saarburg in the Rhineland) and No. 5 (Saarbrücken; No. 4 and 5 mostly covering the Prussian Saar Coal District), Rhenish Palatinate No. 4 (with Zweibrücken, Pirmasens, covering the southwest of that Bavarian Region) and Alsace-Lorraine No. 12 (with Saargemünd, Forbach in Lorraine, covering the northeast of the Department of Lorraine) was formed, seated in Saarbrücken. 
In the Reichstag election of 1912 the SPD gained 13 % of the votes in the city of Saarbrücken, the second lowest result for the SPD among all the German cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants. In 1917 the SPD split into the more radical Independent Social Democrats (USPD) and the more moderate Majority Social Democrats (MSPD), reuniting in 1922. The Social Democrats in the Saar Territory then formed the "SPD, Unterbezirk Saar", one of the lower-ranking regional subdivisions within the reunited party (Unterbezirk, i.e. subdistrict). 
After the separation of the Territory of the Saar Basin (Saar Territory) from Germany in 1920 and the takeover of all the coal and steel industry by the French government in order to exploit reparations the antagonism between capitalists and workers, formerly less developed in the Saar Coal District with its many paternalistic entrepreneurs, turned into a matter conceived as a nationalist issue, simplified as French government agents exploiting German workers. Nationalist opinions heated up. 
In the Saar Territory there was no home-rule by the citizens but a government, the "Governing Commission" (, Reko) appointed by the League of Nations. The Reko consisted of five members, none elected by the people, but one appointed by France, one by Germany, who had to be a native from the Saar Territory, and three other nationals appointed by the League of Nations. The members of the Governing Commission served one year terms.
The Governing Commission decided on all legislation autonomously. According to paragraph 23 of the Versailles Treaty the Governing Commission was to establish an assembly of elected representatives of the inhabitants of the Saar Territory in such a manner as the Governing Commission would determine itself. So on 24 March 1922, after four years without any official representation of the people, the Reko decreed the formation of a Saar Territory assembly called the "Regional Council" (). In June 1922 the Governing Commission held the first election of the Regional Council, and starting with the second election of the Regional Council the legislation period was extended from three to four years, with elections in 1928, and in 1932. 
The Regional Council counted 30 members, the Governing Commission deliberately determined one person as the chairperson, the president of the Regional Council (Landesratspräsident). In the first legislation period the Reko did not even chose the president from the midst of the Regional Council. The assembly was no parliament, but only consultative, the representatives were only to be heard, but had no say in legislation. The agenda of matters to be debated was exclusively set up by the Governing Commission. The members of the Regional Council had neither the right of interpellation, nor the right to actively bring a subject to the agenda, let alone they were entitled to table a bill. Its members did not enjoy immunity. So in case the Governing Commission did not set an issue on the Regional Council's agenda it could only send delegations to the League of Nations with pleads, and so the Regional Council did. In the Regional Council the SPD had five (1922, 1928), six (1924) and three seats (1932), with over the years altogether nine different Social Democratic representatives being once or more often elected. 
With this situation being as it was also the Social Democrats joined the so-called pro-German block in the Regional Council opposing the autocratic rule by the Governing Commission. The SPD demanded the return of the Saar Territory to Germany in order to let the Saar people live in a country allowing the people to elect a parliament and its government in self-determination. 
In Nazi Germany, with many Social Democrats already arrested, hiding, exiled or even killed since the Nazi takeover, the SPD was officially outlawed on 22 June 1933, as were the trade unions and all kinds of workers organisations in the fields of education, culture, sports and the like more. Those members of the SPD Reich executive, still unarrested, not yet exiled and able to flee arrived in the Saar Territory right after the ban of the party in Germany. As an organisation based in the Saar Territory the Unterbezirk Saar was not subject to the party ban in Germany and the SPD Reich executive and the SPD Saar regional executive held consultations on the situation and what to do. Whereas the majority of the Reich executive abstained from and rejected any cooperation of the SPD with parties like the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), which was no less in favour of a dictatorship than the Nazis, the Saar executive felt like forming a cooperation with the Communists, who had long been fighting the Weimar democracy and the SPD as its supporters, denouncing Social Democrats as social fascists. 
After the Nazi takeover in Germany the Social Democrats and the Communists in the Saar Territory, with both their central party organisations in Germany destroyed and many of their fellow party comrades enjailed or even murdered, quitted the joint opposition by the parties in the Regional Council against the autocratic government system in the Saar Territory. The Social Democrats yet upheld their demand for democracy, but with Germany having transformed into a dictatorship the status quo in the Saar Territory happened to be the minor evil. 
The communists with their own ideas on the dictatorship of the proletariat, also feared a return of the Saar Territory to a Nazi-ruled Germany. SPD and KPD in the Saar Territory now campaigned for continuing the status quo, with the SPD hoping for a reestablishment of a democratic Germany, and the communists wishing a Soviet Germany. However, the other parties in the Regional Council further supported the return of the Saar Territory as soon as possible even though also their party organisations within Nazi Germany had been forbidden, or dissolved anticipating that, and party members were deposed from offices, banned from the public or arrested. 
By a cooperation with the communists the Unterbezirk Saar executive wanted to combine all willing powers in order to win votes in the upcoming referendum against an immediate return to Germany, but for a continuation of the status quo. Of course the SPD Reich executive was also clearly for upholding the status quo, but against campaigning with the communists. After some days in the Saar Territory the SPD Reich executive moved on to Prague where the SPD Reich executive, adopting its exile name SoPaDe, could stay until the powers concluding the Munich Agreement decided the break-up of Czechoslovakia in October 1938.
1933 to 1935: Social Democratic Regional Party of the Saar Territory.
On 12 November 1933 the Unterbezirk Saar of the SPD held its party convention in Saarbrücken, approved by the SoPaDe and attended by its representatives and delegates of the Socialist International. At this convention the Unterbezirk Saar, in dissent with the SoPaDe on the cooperation with the communists, assumed independence from the SPD and reconstituted as an independent party, the "Social Democratic Regional Party of the Saar Territory" (; SPdS, sometimes also abbreviated as SLS). 
On 2 July 1934 the SPdS and the Saar Communists started their cooperation. Whereas the referendum was originally planned to offer the electorate only a choice between the Saar Territory returning to Germany or being annexed to France, the supporters of maintaining the status quo prompted the Governing Commission to add this as a third option to the ballot papers. In 1935 the SPdS and the Saar branch of the KPD formed a united front. On behalf of the SPdS, the declaration of the front, issued on January 29, 1935, was signed by Max Braun, since 1928 head of the Unterbezirk Saar and then the SPdS, respectively. Emil Kirschmann was the party secretary of SPdS. 
1935 to 1945: Suppression and refoundation as the SPD Saar.
However, in the 1935 Saar status referendum the inhabitants of the Saar Territory voted by a majority for the reunification of the Saar Territory with Germany. Subsequently the SPdS was outlawed, many of its followers, especially those known for having officiated in party functions, fled the Saar Territory between the referendum and the Nazi takeover. More than 40 Social Democrats from the Saar Territory were killed by the Nazi regime. 
In Völklingen the first local SPD organisation was refounded in summer 1945. Max Braun, the exiled last president of the SPdS prepared his return to the Saar Basin, but died in London in July. In October 1945, the Saar Basin was under French occupation since July, the Social Democratic district organisation refounded after 10 years of suppression in the rear meeting room of a Saarbrücken restaurant. Its original name then was Social Democratic Party of Germany, Saar district (SPD, Bezirk Saar), adopting the SPD naming of the highest ranking regional subdivions (Bezirk, i.e. district). 
1946 to 1956: Social Democratic Party of Saarland.
However, the French occupation authority, preparing the dissection of the Saar Area from Allied-occupied Germany insisted to skip the term Germany and the party renamed as Social Democratic Party, Saar district, in order to get it registered in January 1946. This official separation from the SPD, however, was not followed by passing an own Saar party platform. 
Nevertheless, practically the leaders of Social Democratic Party of Saarland condoned and soon also backed the French policy of economically integrating the Saar Area with France, whereas politically the Social Democrats strived for the Saar's autonomy. Within the party, however, combined three opinion groups, those demanding a full annexation of the Saar to France, those condemning this attitude as separatism and promoting the reunification with Germany and, third, those wishing an autonomous Saar.
At the Saar Landtag elections in 1947 (32.8 %), 1952 (32.4 %) and 1955 the SPS never surpassed the results of the Christian People's Party of Saarland (CVP, with 51.2 %, 1947, and 54.7 %, 1952), and thus - as the junior partner - joined a coalition with it under Johannes Hoffmann from 1947 to April 1951 with two ministers, Richard Kirn for the department of labour and welfare and Heinz Braun for the justice department. In Hoffmann's second cabinet there were no SPS ministers, but Braun and Kirn rejoined his third cabinet officiating from 23 December 1952 to 17 July 1954. Then the coalition of CVP and SPS fell apart on the conflict of the law on forming employees' works councils.
As to the Saar question the SPS leaders maintained their position, cherishing the idea of a cooperative Europe, and promoted to vote for the Saar statute in the 1955 Saar referendum. This, of course, was not without criticism from within the party, which led to long-lasting and embittered controversies among the party members. Whereas a first attempt of the pro-German faction within the SPS, led by Ernst Roth, to bring their opinion to the fore ended by the total isolation of Roth, finally forced to resign as a member of the party's executive, a second attempt in 1951 led by Kurt Conrad gained enough support so that Conrad ran as a candidate for the party chairmanship against Kirn, and another pro-German candidate for the deputy chairmanship. Also this attempt failed, but Kirn was only reelected against a visible minority of nays. Although the pro-German faction was growing Kirn initiated the procedure to exclude Conrad from the party. He anticipated this by quitting it. 
On 14 March 1952 disappointed members of the SPS applied to register a new political party, the German Social Democratic Party (DSP), inofficially formed as an SPS intra-party group already in 1947, but the authorities refused. In July 1955, the ban against so-called pro-German parties was lifted and the DSP then stepped into the daylight.
The Saar electorate answered this development in the December 1955 elections with a disappointing 5.8 % share in the vote for the SPS. The DSP won 14.3 %. As a consequency the SPS then decided to merge with the DSP with effect of 18 March 1956, then forming the Landesverband Saar (Saar state association) of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. The Saar Protectorate transformed into the state of Saarland within West Germany on the occasion of the Little Reunification of Germany on 1 January 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19824042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824042" title="Dali Yang">
Dali Yang

Dali L. Yang is a Professor in the Department of Political Science at The University of Chicago. He is the founding Faculty Director of the University of Chicago Center in Beijing, a university-wide initiative to strengthen exchanges and collaboration with Chinese academic institutions. He is a member of the Committee of 100, a member of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, and a member of the China Committee of the Chicago Sister Cities International Program. He is also on the Advisory Board of the Paulson Institute at the University of Chicago. 
Education.
Yang (b. 1964) was educated in China and the United States. At age 19, he earned a bachelor of engineering from the University of Science and Technology, Beijing in 1983. He taught English in the foreign languages department of his Alma mater briefly before coming to the United States. He then switched to political science, earned a Master's degree from Portland State University in 1988 and his doctorate in Politics from Princeton University in January 1993.
Academic career.
Since 1992, Yang has been a member of the faculty of the Department of Political Science at the University of Chicago. He became an associate professor in 1999, and a full professor in 2004. From 2004 to 2007, he served as Chairman of the department. From 1999 to 2002 and from 2003 to 2004, he was director of the Committee on International Relations. He served as director of the Center for East Asian Studies at the University of Chicago from 2008 to 2010 and is the founding Faculty Director of the University of Chicago Center in Beijing.
Yang has held visiting appointments at a number of Chinese universities and at the East Asian Institute of the National University of Singapore. He was director and professor of that Institute from 2007 to 2008.
The Great Leap Famine and the Causes of Post-Mao Reforms.
Yang is the author of a number of books that have made a difference in our understanding of China. His earliest book, "Calamity and Reform in China" was one of the first scholarly books on the Great Leap Famine, the worst famine in human history. It shows the era of Mao Zedong went to the radical extremism of the Great Leap Forward and how the Maoist excesses were self-destructive and contributed to the post-Mao reforms in rural China. The book was known for its innovative quantitative analysis on the political and economic causes of the Great Leap Famine at the end of the 1950s and early 1960s. It then revealed the patterns and severity of the Famine in the Chinese provinces were linked to the subsequent rural reforms in the 1960s and in the post-Mao reform era.
Competitive Liberalization and the Limits of Federalism, Chinese Style.
Yang is also the author of "Beyond Beijing: Liberalization and the Regions in China". This book highlights the politicization of regional policy but argued the severe regional disparities in China could not be easily corrected by the Chinese government. Yang also advanced a theory of "competitive liberalization" to explain how competition among the multitude of local governments helped accelerate some of China's reforms.
However, Yang has parted company with scholars who believed China has evolved into some sort of Federalism, Chinese Style that has played a market-preserving function . In an article in the "Annual Review of Political Science" and in a paper presented at the Ronald Coase Conference on China's Economic Transformation, Yang has argued one could not use the Market-Preserving Federalism model to explain China's rapid development.
China's Governance Reforms.
While the proponents of the Chinese-style Federalism theory have been wary of the role of China's central government, Yang has focused much of his energy examining China's governance reforms and the transformation of the Chinese state in a volume edited with Barry Naughton and in his own "Remaking the Chinese Leviathan." These studies have allowed Yang to analyze "how China’s leaders have reformed existing institutions and constructed new ones to cope with unruly markets, curb corrupt practices, and bring about a regulated economic order." According to Yang, "the Chinese leadership's emphasis has so far been on order rather than democratic ideals, technocratic control rather than popular participation (except at the grassroots level), governability rather than regime type." The book offers one of the few academic studies of how China made the Chinese People's Liberation Army and other state institutions divest of their business empire. It also made Yang one of the earliest to predict the Chinese leadership was turning around China's once moribund state banking system. These developments meant China was better able to weather the Great Recession that struck in the developed economies in 2008-2009. 
How China responded to and coped with the Great Recession is the subject of The Global Recession and China's Political Economy (Yang ed., 2012). Yang and his co-author pay special attention to the phenomenon of "the state sector advances and the private sector retreats" or 国进民退 and discuss how local authorities have invoked central government directives to promote industrial consolidation at the expense of private enterprises.
The Development of the Chinese Regulatory State.
Yang's more recent papers have tended to study specific regulatory problems in sectors ranging from sports doping, to drug manufacturing, and food safety. One recent paper dissects the tragic failures associated with State Food and Drug Administration, which ended in the execution of Zheng Xiaoyu, its former commissioner, in 2007. Together with Waikeung Tam, he discussed, in 2005, how China's fragmented regulatory structure contributed to a major baby formula scandal The recent incidence of the Sanlu milk scandal, which has resulted in at least four babies dead and more than 50,000 hospitalized, shows the Chinese food safety regime remains deficient.
Books.
The Global Recession and China's Political Economy (edited). Palgrave Macmillan, 2012.
Remaking the Chinese Leviathan: Market Transition and the Politics of Governance in China. Stanford University Press. 2004/2006.
Beyond Beijing: Liberalization and the Regions in China. Routledge, 1997.
Calamity and Reform in China: State, Rural Society and Institutional Change since the Great Leap Famine. Stanford University Press, 1996.
China's Reforms at Thirty: Challenges and Prospects (ed. with Zhao Litao). World Scientific, 2009.
Discontented Miracle: Growth, Conflict and Institutional Adaptations in China(edited). World Scientific, 2007.
Holding China Together: Diversity and National Integration in the Post-Deng Era
, ed. with Barry Naughton. Cambridge University Press, 2004.
References.
Dali Yang [http://www.daliyang.com]

</doc>
<doc id="19824052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824052" title="2009 Atlanta Braves season">
2009 Atlanta Braves season

The 2009 Atlanta Braves season featured the Braves' attempt to reclaim a postseason berth for the first time since 2005. The Braves were once again skippered by Bobby Cox, then in his 24th season managing the team. It was the Braves' 44th season in Atlanta, and the 138th season overall for the franchise.
Player stats.
Most games at position.
"Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played"
As of September 3, 2009
× = No longer with team
† = On DL
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
As of "August 30, 2009"
"*" = Acquired Mid-Season
"#" = Not on Active roster
"()" = Stats with Braves
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
As of September 1, 2009
† = No longer with team
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Danville

</doc>
<doc id="19824066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824066" title="2009 Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim season">
2009 Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim season

The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim's 2009 season was the franchise's 49th season. The Angels began the season as the two-time defending American League West division champions.
Perhaps the most notable player to depart in the offseason due to free agency was longtime closing pitcher Francisco Rodríguez, who signed with the New York Mets. Other notable free agent departures were 2008 acquisitions Jon Garland (Arizona Diamondbacks) and Mark Teixeira (New York Yankees). Notable free agent acquisitions included new closer Brian Fuentes, previously of the Colorado Rockies, and Bobby Abreu, previously of the Yankees. 
Tragedy struck the Angels twice this season. Preston Gómez, the team's special assistant to the general manager, died January 13 of injuries sustained when he was struck by a car in Blythe, California, on March 26, 2008. As a tribute, the Angels began the season wearing black "PRESTON" patches on their left sleeve. Then, on April 9, rookie pitcher Nick Adenhart was killed in a car accident in Fullerton, California, hours after pitching 6 shutout innings against the Oakland Athletics in his first start of the season. As a tribute, the Angels continued to assign a locker to Adenhart at home and on the road, hang a jersey with his name and number in their dugout, and wear black patches with his name and number on their left breast for the rest of the season.
On September 28, the Angels clinched the American League West division title, their eighth in franchise history.
Postseason.
With their win on Monday, September 28, 2009, the Angels clinched their third straight American League West championship. Also, at that time, the Angels clinched the second-best record in the American League giving them home field advantage for the American League Division Series. Also, with their win on Tuesday, September 29, 2009, the Angels knocked the Rangers out of contention for the American League Wild Card, therefore, the Angels faced the Boston Red Sox in the Division Series for the third year in a row.
American League Division Series.
The 2009 American League Division Series featured the AL West champion Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and the Wildcard winner Boston Red Sox. The series began on October 8, 2009, with the Angels winning the first two games at Angel Stadium. On October 11, the series continued to Fenway Park where the Angels had a stunning come-from-behind victory to win 7–6 and sweep the Red Sox. This series marks the first time the Angels have beaten the Red Sox in a postseason series as well as the first postseason sweep for the Angels in franchise history.
American League Championship Series.
The 2009 American League Championship Series featured the AL West champion Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and the AL East champion New York Yankees. The Yankees won the series 4 games to 2.
Bracket.
Note: Major League Baseball's playoff format automatically seeds the Wild Card team 4th. Normally, the no. 1 seed plays the no. 4 seed in the Division Series. However, MLB does not allow the no. 1 seed to play the 4th seed/Wild Card winner in the Division Series if they are from the same division, instead having the no. 1 seed play the next lowest seed, the no. 3 seed.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; BB = Walks; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; CG = Complete games; SV = Saves; SVO = Save Opportunities; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed" 
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Orem

</doc>
<doc id="19824073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824073" title="Sabjen Lilaj">
Sabjen Lilaj

Sabien Lilaj (born 10 February 1989 in Korçë, Albania) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for KF Skënderbeu Korçë in Albanian Superliga. He is a versatile midfielder who can play in a holding role in the centre as well as a more attacking role in advanced positions, he has also played on the wings at times. He also played for Tirana in the 2009-10 UEFA Champions League against Norwegian side Stabaek.
Career.
KF Tirana.
Despite only being 19 at the time, Lilaj was picked as part of the senior KF Tirana side, this being down to new coach Blaž Slišković being impressed by the youngster in pre-season. The young midfielder was a player that Slišković liked and which he featured in most of the games, despite his young age and lack of experience. However, following the dismissal of Slišković in December 2009, Lilaj found it very difficult to break into the Tirana first team again, and with the return to fitness of inspirational captain Devi Muka the task of breaking through became even slimmer.
Club career.
"Correct "
International career.
Albania U-21s.
Lilaj was first selected for Albania under-21s on 22 October 2008 by Artan Bushati for a friendly against neighbouring country Macedonia. He was picked in the 23 man squad that would be travelling to Macedonia for the friendly along with 2 other KF Tirana players, Enri Tafaj and Migen Metani. However he would not be able ot play the friendly in Ohrid on 19 November 2008 due to injury just days before the fixture. This meant that fellow Tirana team mate Migen Metani took his place in the squad. He was again picked by Artan Bushati in February 2009, this time preparation for the UEFA U-21 Championship. He was picked in the squad once again with fellow club team mate Migen Metani.
Albania A team.
In 2011 Lilaj made a debut for Albanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19824076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824076" title="2009 Oakland Athletics season">
2009 Oakland Athletics season

Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Awards and honors.
On December 22, 2009, "Sports Illustrated" named general manager Billy Beane as number 10 on its list of the Top 10 GMs/Executives of the Decade (in all sports).
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Midland

</doc>
<doc id="19824086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824086" title="2009 Texas Rangers season">
2009 Texas Rangers season

The Texas Rangers' 2009 season was the 49th in franchise history and the team's 38th year in Arlington, Texas.
2009 signified the continuation of a strategy implemented by General Manager Jon Daniels in the summer of 2007. The plan to improve the club emphasized the acquisition and development of prospective talent within the Rangers' organization. Several young players such as SS Elvis Andrus, OF Julio Borbon, and pitchers Derek Holland and Tommy Hunter made their big league debuts in 2009 after spending time in the Rangers' minor league system. Ranked as the #1 farm system by Baseball America prior to the start of the season, the organization began the season with several of its heralded prospects still in the minor leagues. Emergence of these prospects on the Major League level gave the franchise and its fan base a brighter hope for the future, in line with the objective of competing for the A.L. West title in 2010 and beyond.
Notable performances from several core players as well as a well-coached pitching staff contributed to a greatly improved record and allowed the Rangers to compete for the division and wild card playoff berths well into the final weeks of the season.
Regular season.
Season summary.
April.
Record: 10-11
Starting Rotation: RHP Kevin Millwood, RHP Vicente Padilla, RHP Brandon McCarthy, RHP Kris Benson, LHP Matt Harrison, RHP Scott Feldman*
Opening day of the 2009 season saw the Rangers open the year at home for the first time in four years. In a 10-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians, the club roughed up reigning A.L. Cy Young winner Cliff Lee. A sweep of the Indians was quickly forgotten as the Rangers were swept by the Tigers in Detroit over the first weekend of the year. The Rangers dropped 5 games in a row before bouncing back in their last game against the Orioles on April 15. That day, MLB's "Jackie Robinson Day", 2B Ian Kinsler went 6-for-6 at the plate, hitting for the cycle. Kinsler became the fourth player to perform the feat in a Rangers uniform and the first player since 1890 to record a 6-hit cycle. The Rangers dropped the next two games at home to the Royals, and before Sunday's game many observers openly questioned manager Ron Washington's job security. In that game, the Rangers' oft-criticized bullpen recorded four scoreless innings in relief, allowing the lineup to rally in the 8th inning. In a 5-5 tie game, 3B Michael Young led off the bottom of the 9th inning with a 427-foot walk-off home run, the first of his career. Washington's position as manager appeared to be saved as the Rangers headed to Toronto, where they bested Blue Jays ace Roy Halladay in the first game. Game 2 of the series saw the Rangers debuts of LHP prospect Derek Holland and newly acquired RHP Darren O'Day. O'Day, who arrived in Toronto after first pitch, quickly joined the team at the stadium and was informed upon arrival that he would pitch that night. Wearing Kason Gabbard's #60 jersey, O'Day met his new manager, catcher, and teammates on the pitching mound in the 11th inning. O'Day would be credited with the loss after giving up the winning run. While in Toronto, CF Josh Hamilton made a diving catch against the wall in left-center, suffering the first of several injuries in 2009. The Rangers took 3 of 4 games from another series with the Orioles before ending the month against their first division opponent, the Oakland Athletics, splitting the 2-game set. 
Transactions:
May.
Record: 20-9
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Padilla, McCarthy, Feldman, Harrison, LHP Derek Holland*, RHP Tommy Hunter*
The Rangers performed exceedingly well in the month of May, enjoying one of the best months in team history to date. The club quickly went 13-3, a stretch which saw the return (and subsequent re-injury) of Josh Hamilton, several superb outings by Matt Harrison, and mounting concern over the quality of 1B Chris Davis. Aside from two walk-off hits, the 23-year old was batting .203 by the end of the month, a stark and inexplicable contrast to the breakout season he posted in 2008. Notable was a 3-game sweep of the division rival Los Angeles Angels in Arlington. Domination of each series over division opponents helped the Rangers reach first place in the American League West, and a record 10 games above .500 by the end of May. Young pitchers Tommy Hunter and Derek Holland each earned spot starts during May, each showing flashes of what could be achieved in the future.
Transactions: None.
June.
Record: 11-15
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Padilla, McCarthy, Holland, Harrison, Hunter*
As the summer months began, the Rangers faltered. Vicente Padilla, an enigmatic presence in the clubhouse and a pitcher that previously led the majors in hit batsmen, was placed on outright waivers June 3. With very little explanation from the club, the Rangers essentially gave up their number two starter to anyone that would have him. Rumors about Padilla's negative attitude in the clubhouse abound, though the official party line was that management was disappointed with the way the right-handed handled adversity after a start the previous afternoon. Though Padilla cleared waivers, this issue would remain unresolved. In conjunction with the roster issues, a major power outage up and down the Rangers' lineup haunted the club throughout the month of June. On June 9, Josh Hamilton reportedly underwent surgery to repair an abdominal muscle, and RHP Brandon McCarthy was sent to the 15-day DL for shoulder issues. LHP Matt Harrison and closer Frank Francisco found themselves on the disabled list as well later into the month. These consistent injuries prevented any major gains in the standings. The last day of June saw the call-up of rookie OF Julio Borbon and the Rangers' lead on the A.L. West slowly dwindling as the second-place Angels encroached.
Transactions:
July.
Record: 17-8
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Padilla, Feldman, Hunter, Holland, RHP Dustin Nippert*, RHP Doug Mathis*
DH Hank Blalock drilled a walk-off home run on the evening of July 1 against the Angels, the beginning of a month in which the Rangers would bounce back from a dreadful June. Rumors in the media continued to circulate about the club's finances, including one that suspected Major League Baseball was loaning money to Hicks Sports Group in order to pay its debts and continue team operations. A great deal of speculation surrounded the Rangers' ability to acquire talent through trades due to a financial impasse. In part due to the return of OF Josh Hamilton on July 6, 1B Chris Davis was optioned to AAA to allow him to work out his issues at the plate. Davis, known for his defensive prowess at first base, failed to continue improving at the Major League level. Hank Blalock was given the first base job for the time being. On the 9th in Anaheim, California, OF/DH Andruw Jones hit 3 home runs in a game, essentially the highlight of an otherwise unspectacular season for the veteran. At the All-Star break, the Rangers remained in control of the A.L. West. Representing the team at the 2009 All-Star Game in St. Louis were 3B Michael Young, OF Josh Hamilton, and RF Nelson Cruz, who like Hamilton in 2008, earned second place in the Home Run Derby. By July 20, the club was 49-41 overall as closer Frank Francisco returned to the DL with pneumonia and several other players miss time late in the month due to bouts with the flu. With the trade deadline looming at the end of the month, the Toronto Blue Jays were assumed to be interested in trading their ace, RHP Roy Halladay, and Rangers observers began speculating on whether or not the club should make a bid. Many felt that a fair trade could be headlined by LHP Derek Holland. As talks reportedly heated up between the teams and an agreement was close, on the eve of deadline day Holland took the mound against Seattle and threw 8 scoreless innings (4 perfect innings), allowing only one hit. Halladay and Holland would remain with their respective teams for the time being.
Transactions:
August.
Record: 14-15
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Padilla, Feldman, Holland, Hunter, Nippert*
The Rangers traveled to Oakland, precipitating the call-up of RHP Neftalí Feliz from AAA Oklahoma City for the first time. Feliz came out of the bullpen to debut in relief on the night of August 3 and immediately struck out 5 of his first 6 batters faced in two innings of work, his fastball averaging 98.8 mph and maxing out at 100.5 mph. Despite the A's walk-off win that night, Feliz easily secured his place on the big league club. On offense, similar struggles experienced in June seemingly returned to the Rangers in the dog days of the season and many critics pointed to tenured hitting coach Rudy Jaramillo, known for his aggressive philosophy. A surprising development on August 8 occurred when number two starter Vicente Padilla was designated for assignment. After his placement on waivers in June, Padilla's issues with teammates and the front office had not been smoothed over and following a particularly poor start against Oakland, the team decided to end its relationship with the Nicaraguan right-hander. 
Around the same date, photographs of OF Josh Hamilton surfaced on Deadspin.com, showing him visibly intoxicated at an Arizona bar with various women. Hamilton, whose long struggle and recovery from substance abuse was well documented in the public eye, admitted to relapsing in January 2009 and acknowledged that he notified his family and Rangers officials immediately thereafter. Hamilton remembered little of the night, but a drug test several days later came up negative. The weekend of August 15 saw the Boston Red Sox arrive in Arlington tied with the Rangers for the A.L. Wild Card berth. After rallying on Friday night in the top of the 9th inning against closer Frank Francisco, the Rangers stormed back on Saturday. In that game, Neftalí Feliz earned his first Major League save, and on Sunday afternoon the Rangers won the series as Francisco successfully converted the save. C Jarrod Saltalamacchia went on the 15-day D.L. with symptoms of Thoracic Outlet Syndrome, leaving Taylor Teagarden as the only catcher on the roster. Career minor-leaguer C Kevin Richardson was called up for the first time to spell Teagarden, while the front office worked a deal to re-acquire former Ranger Iván Rodríguez. 
The financial issues often quietly mentioned in the media finally erupted on August 17 when the Rangers were unable to sign 2009 first-round draft pick LHP Matt Purke, who opted to attend college and pitch for Texas Christian University. Purke's representatives reportedly asked for a contract close to $4 million, but the club was unable to accept such terms. The Purke affair confirmed the fears of many Rangers fans that the front office's ability to improve the team was restricted by Hicks Sports Group's large debts.
With injuries taking their toll once again, the Rangers found themselves in second place in the West at the end of August, losing 6 of 10 heading into September.
Transactions:
September.
Record: 13-15
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Feldman, Holland, Hunter, McCarthy, Nippert*
In the second game of a double-header on September 1, Michael Young strained his left hamstring running out an infield single. The injury sidelined the veteran leader for 2–3 weeks, an omen that the Rangers chances to make the playoffs were shrinking. With the ballclub 4 games back of the Angels on September 6 and the performance of staff ace Kevin Millwood unravelling, the Rangers got another bit of bad news when it was reported that Josh Hamilton would be out indefinitely with a pinched nerve in his back. The team pressed hard and generally did little to improve its place in the standings throughout September, and questions concerning the future ownership of the Rangers heated up as playoff potential cooled. Groups under Pittsburgh attorney Chuck Greenberg, Houston businessman Jim Crane, and sports agent Dennis Gilbert quickly became known amongst fans as the three main factions jockeying for rights to negotiate with Hicks Sports Group. The emergence of these prospective owners set the stage for a long, complex battle of attrition for ownership of the franchise over the next eleven months. Despite the team's fading hopes, Ian Kinsler joined the "30-30 club" by hitting his 30th home run on September 25 after stealing 30 bases in 2009. On September 27, the Angels clinched the A.L. West championship after defeating Texas 11-0 in Anaheim. Though a slim chance to win the A.L. Wild Card still lingered, this would not be achieved and the Texas Rangers would miss the postseason for the tenth year in a row.
Transactions:
October.
Record: 2-2
Starting Rotation: Millwood, Holland, Hunter, Feldman
The season would end in October due to certain schedule oddities. The majority of concerns by the end of the regular season surrounded the multitude of arbitration-eligible players on the roster and securing key pieces of the team for the 2010 season. The Rangers ended their season after a 4-3 loss in Seattle at the hands of Cy Young candidate Félix Hernández.
Transactions: None.
Player statistics.
Team leaders.
Pitching
Batting
Batting.
RANGERS HITTING STATISTICS
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games Played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs; H = Hits; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In; AVG = Batting Average; SB = Stolen Bases"
Pitching.
RANGERS PITCHING STATISTICS
"Note: G = Games; IP = Innings Pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned Run Average; H = Hits Allowed; BB = Walks Allowed; SO = Strikeouts"
Stats updated through June 16.
Scoring by inning.
Stats updated through June 17.
Game log summary.
Stats updated through June 17.
Comeback Wins: 15, Largest Comeback: 4 runs
Blown Leads: 10, Largest Blown Lead: 4 runs
Walk-off Wins: 4
Walk-off Losses: 1

</doc>
<doc id="19824101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824101" title="2009 Chicago Cubs season">
2009 Chicago Cubs season

The Chicago Cubs' 2009 season was the 137th season of American baseball for the Chicago Cubs. It involved the Cubs attempting to win the NL Central division for the third consecutive season, although falling short in second place.
Minor League affiliates.
In 2009 The Chicago Cubs had three minor league affiliates. The team's Single-A affiliate is the Peoria Chiefs, located in Peoria. The Chicago Cubs' Double-A affiliate is the Tennessee Smokies based in the Knoxville, Tennessee metropolitan area. Finally the Chicago Cubs Triple-A Affiliate is the Iowa Cubs, located in Iowa. The Iowa Cubs are coached by former Cub and Hall of Fame player Ryne Sandberg In 2010. Sandberg previously coached the Chiefs and Smokies as well.
Regular season.
Key injuries.
The Cubs were plagued by injuries in 2009, and were only able to field their Opening Day starting lineup three times the entire season. Third baseman Aramis Ramírez injured his throwing shoulder in an early May game against the Milwaukee Brewers, sidelining him until early July and forcing journeyman players like Mike Fontenot and Aaron Miles into more prominent roles. Additionally, key players like Derrek Lee (back), Alfonso Soriano (legs and knee) and Geovany Soto (shoulder) nursed minor, nagging injuries.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Sale of the franchise.
After many years of speculation that the Chicago Tribune wanted to sell the Chicago Cubs organization, they finally inked a deal on January 22, 2009 with the Ricketts family for a total of $900 million. The sale included the Cubs, Wrigley Field, and the Tribune's 25% stake in the Comcast Sports Network Chicago, a regional TV channel.
Media.
The Chicago Cubs radio broadcasting team was anchored by veteran announcers Pat Hughes and Ron Santo this past season making it the duo's 15th year together. Hughes provides the play-by play-announcer while Santo serves as the color commentator. 
The Chicago Cubs 2009 television broadcasting team was anchored by Len Kasper and Bob Brenly. Games could be seen on multiple channels including: WGN-TV, Comcast SportsNet Chicago, WGN America, and even at times WCIU-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19824106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824106" title="U.S. Route 75 in Kansas">
U.S. Route 75 in Kansas

U.S. Route 75 (US 75) enters into the state of Kansas from Oklahoma near Caney. The highway runs through the eastern part of the state, serving the state capitol of Topeka.
North of Topeka, US 75 runs near the Potawatomi and Kickapoo Indian reservations. 
Route description.
US 75 enters Kansas from Oklahoma near Caney and almost immediately starts an overlap with US 166. The highways split about 4 miles north of the state line. South of Neodesha, US 75 overlaps with US 400 as a 2 lane freeway. 
At I-35, US 75 becomes a two-lane expressway again, passing east of Melvern Lake. About 15 miles south of Topeka, the highway becomes a four lane freeway. US 75 crosses the Kansas Turnpike without any direct access and drivers must use I-470 to access the turnpike. US 75 runs around the main part of the city along I-470 and I-70. 
Leaving Topeka, US 75 becomes its own route again. Between Hoyt and Holton, the highway runs along the eastern border of the Potawatomi Indian Reservation. A few miles to the north, the highway runs west of the Kickapoo Reservation. North of Sabetha, US 75 exits the state into Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="19824113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824113" title="2009 Houston Astros season">
2009 Houston Astros season

The Houston Astros' 2009 season is the 48th season for the franchise in the National League in Houston, Texas and their 10th season at Minute Maid Park. The Houston Astros are attempting to win the NL Central for the fifth time (1997, 1998, 1999 and 2001) and the National League Championship Series for the second time (2005).
Regular season.
April.
The Astros lost their season opening series against the Cubs, their one win coming off of former Cincinnati Red Jeff Keppinger's tenth inning RBI single in his first at bat with the club. They were then swept by the Cardinals in St. Louis in a three game series, giving up 19 runs while only being able to score 5 runs. The team then traveled to Pittsburgh where they lost the first game 0-7. The next day, Mike Hampton won his second start of his second stint with the franchise with an 8 strikeout, 6 inning outing for the win over the Pirates. Lance Berkman's 6th inning 3 run home run helped the Astros win the third game of the series against the Pirates. The Astros then returned home to Minute Maid Park, where they had three good outings against the Reds by ace Roy Oswalt, journeyman Wandy Rodríguez and Triple-A Round Rock call-up Felipe Paulino. José Valverde gave up a 2 run home run in the top of the ninth inning to Ramón Hernández for the loss in Oswalt's game on April 17, Rodriguez's got the win with a strong offensive outing by the Astros led by Geoff Blum with 3 RBIs on April 18, and Geoff Geary gave up a two-run double to Micah Owings in the top of the seventh inning for the loss in Paulino's game on April 19. In the fourth game of the series, Lance Berkman and Carlos Lee's back to back solo shot home runs were not enough to beat the Red's Edwin Encarnación's 2 RBI single and Joey Votto's 2 RBI double to give the Red's the series, 3-1. The Houston Astros are an even 451 wins and 451 losses to the Chicago Cubs
Season standings.
4. Houston Astros 73-89 18 .451 43-38 30-51
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"

</doc>
<doc id="19824121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824121" title="2009 Milwaukee Brewers season">
2009 Milwaukee Brewers season

The Milwaukee Brewers' 2009 season was the 40th season for the franchise in Milwaukee and 41st overall. It was Ken Macha's first season as manager of the team. The Brewers failed to improve on their 90–72 record of a year ago and missed the post season, finishing with a losing record of 80–82.
Offseason moves.
Pitchers.
Starting pitchers CC Sabathia, who was acquired from the Cleveland Indians in a mid-season trade in 2008, and Ben Sheets both rejected arbitration and became free agents following the end of the 2008 season. Numerous teams showed interest in Sabathia, considered one of the best free agent pitchers available after compiling an 11–2 record and an ERA of only 1.62 in 17 starts for the Brewers in 2008. The Brewers made an 5 year, $100 million contract offer to Sabathia, but he elected to sign with the New York Yankees on December 9, receiving a 7 year, $161 million contract that was the largest received by a pitcher at the time. No serious attempt was made to resign Sheets, who had been the Brewers' ace before the acquisition of Sabathia but struggled with numerous injuries throughout his career.
In the bullpen, closer Salomón Torres elected to retire from baseball despite believing that it would have been "a given" that the Brewers would exercise their 2009 contract option on him. After a disappointing 2008 season, former closer Éric Gagné was not offered arbitration. Left-handed specialist Brian Shouse was offered arbitration, but instead chose to sign with the Tampa Bay Rays. No attempt was made to resign Guillermo Mota, who eventually signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Needing to acquire at least one starter to fill the hole in the rotation left by Sabathia and Sheets, the Brewers signed free agent Braden Looper, formerly of the St. Louis Cardinals, to a one year, $4.5 million contract for 2009. To replace the retired Torres, the Brewers turned to all-time saves leader Trevor Hoffman, who became available after contentious contract negotiations caused the San Diego Padres, Hoffman's home for 16 years, to pull back their 2009 contract offer. Hoffman was signed to a one year, $6 million contract for the Brewers. Relievers Todd Coffey, who was signed to a one-year contract avoiding arbitration after being claimed off waivers in September, and free agent Jorge Julio rounded out the offseason bullpen acquisitions.
Position players.
Outfielder Gabe Kapler, second baseman Ray Durham, and third baseman Russell Branyan all became free agents following the end of the 2008 season; Kapler and Branyan signed one-year contracts with the Tampa Bay Rays and the Seattle Mariners respectively, while Durham remains unsigned . Center fielder Mike Cameron's $10 million contract option for 2009 was exercised by the Brewers. Utility infielder Craig Counsell's $3.4 million contract option was declined by the Brewers, making him a free agent, but the team later agreed to terms on a new one-year, $1 million contract in late January.
Coaching staff.
Having made the unprecedented move of firing manager Ned Yost with only 12 games remaining in the 2008 season, an early priority for the Brewers was the hiring of a permanent replacement for Yost. Candidates considered included interim manager Dale Sveum, former Oakland Athletics manager Ken Macha, former New York Mets manager Willie Randolph, and broadcaster and former Arizona Diamondbacks manager Bob Brenly. On October 30, 2008, the Brewers announced the hiring of Macha, who received a two-year contract to manage the club. In an unusual move, Macha proceeded to hire two of his competitors for his coaching staff, naming Randolph the bench coach and Sveum the . Although the Brewers offered pitching coach Mike Maddux a new contract, they were unable to match the offer made by the Texas Rangers. Bullpen coach Bill Castro was promoted to pitching coach, while Nashville Sounds pitching coach Stan Kyles was promoted to fill the vacated bullpen coach position. Brad Fischer was hired as to round out Macha's new staff.
Spring training.
The Brewers opened spring training camp on February 13, with the first game played on February 25. Home games were played at Maryvale Baseball Park in Phoenix, Arizona. The Brewers compiled a 22–10–3 record in spring training games, the best record of any National League team and the second-best record (behind the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim) in the Cactus League.
The 2009 spring training season was affected by the 2009 World Baseball Classic, which was held in March. Six players in the Brewers system played in the Classic and missed time during spring training: left fielder Ryan Braun (Team USA), relief pitcher Mark DiFelice (Team Italy), and minor league players Vinny Rottino (Team Italy), Adam Stern (Team Canada), Brett Lawrie (Team Canada), and David Welch (Team Australia). Additionally, the Brewers played an exhibition game against Team Australia, winning by the score of 10 to 5.
With the lineup and starting rotation largely set, the main position battles entering camp were for spots in the bullpen and on the bench. Ultimately, the available bench spots were claimed by infielder Casey McGehee, who had been claimed off waivers from the Chicago Cubs during the offseason, center fielder Chris Duffy, who was invited to camp as a non-roster invitee, and outfielder Brad Nelson, the Brewers' fourth-round draft pick in 2001. Mike Lamb, who had been expected to make the club before McGehee's strong spring, was released by the team on April 1; he was eventually signed to a minor league deal by the New York Mets. Closer Trevor Hoffman suffered an oblique strain in mid-March and was forced to begin the regular season on the disabled list.
Regular season.
April.
The Brewers opened the regular season on the road on April 7 with a loss against the San Francisco Giants; Jeff Suppan made his first Opening Day start for the Brewers and fourth overall.
The Brewers won their home opener three days later with a ninth inning rally over the rival Chicago Cubs. Overall, however, the team struggled during the first few weeks of the season, losing four consecutive series against the Giants, the Cubs, the Cincinnati Reds, and the New York Mets. The Brewers' pitching staff struggled early, compiling a 5.19 ERA during the first four series. Manny Parra, the number three starter in the rotation, particularly struggled and finished the month with an 0–4 record with a 6.52 ERA, and Suppan went 1–2 with a 5.88 ERA. The team's fortunes improved considerably after an 11–4 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies on April 21, however, as the Brewers won series against the Phillies and the Houston Astros before returning home and sweeping the Pittsburgh Pirates to close the month, rallying to a 12–10 overall record in April. 
Leading the offense during the month of April was Mike Cameron, who led the team with a .333 batting average and tied for the team lead in home runs with 5. Ryan Braun and Rickie Weeks also hit 5 home runs in April. The month's best starting pitcher was newly acquired Braden Looper, who went 2–0 with a 2.45 ERA in April. Dave Bush came within five outs of a no-hitter in a 6–1 win over Philadelphia on April 23. 
Trevor Hoffman returned from the disabled list and made his first Brewers appearance on April 27 in a non-save situation; he recorded his first save with the Brewers (and 555th overall) the following day. Backup catcher Mike Rivera, however, suffered a sprained ankle in the same game and was placed on the disabled list; rookie Carlos Corporán was called up from Nashville to replace him.
May.
The Brewers opened May with a split of a four-game series against the Arizona Diamondbacks before sweeping the Pirates in a two-game series in Pittsburgh. In sweeping the Pirates, the Brewers extended their winning streak against Pittsburgh to 17 games dating back to May 20, 2008, the longest winning streak by one Major League Baseball team over another since 1970. The Brewers continued their winning ways in the following five series as well, splitting series against the Reds and Cubs, sweeping the Florida Marlins and the St. Louis Cardinals, and winning two out of three games in Houston. In a one month period between April 21 and May 21, the Brewers did not lose a series and went 22–6, the best record in baseball over that period. The team struggled at the start of interleague play, however, as the Brewers were swept in their last scheduled visit to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome by the rival Minnesota Twins. Returning home, the Brewers won a Memorial Day matinee against the Cardinals in a game where both Yovani Gallardo took a no-hit bid into the sixth inning and Cardinals starter Chris Carpenter had a perfect game into the seventh inning, but lost the next two games, leaving the Cardinals in sole possession of first place in the NL Central. The Brewers finished the month of May with a sweep of Cincinnati, giving the team an 18–10 record for the month.
Injuries and ineffective play by several bench players caused the Brewers to make several roster moves during the month of May. Mike Rivera returned from the disabled list on May 14 as Carlos Corporán was returned to the minors; Corporan appeared in only one game, where he caught the last two innings of a 15–3 blowout of the Cincinnati Reds on May 6 and singled off of regular Cincinnati shortstop Paul Janish in his only at-bat. The team suffered a significant setback on May 18 when starting second baseman Rickie Weeks suffered an injury to his left wrist, ending his 2009 season. For the time being, Craig Counsell and Casey McGehee are expected to replace Weeks in the lineup; Hernán Iribarren was called up from Nashville following the injury, but was returned to Nashville after only one series. Brad Nelson, who went hitless in 21 at-bats, declined a demotion to the minor leagues and became a free agent on May 15; top third base prospect Mat Gamel was called up to replace Nelson on the roster. On May 21, the Brewers traded Triple-A outfielder Tony Gwynn, Jr. to the San Diego Padres in exchange for outfielder Jody Gerut; Chris Duffy was demoted to Nashville to make room on the roster for Gerut. Finally, on May 21 the team called up outfielder Frank Catalanotto, who had been signed to a minor league contract by the team earlier in the month.
June.
The Brewers opened June on a sour note, dropping three out of four games to the Florida Marlins at LandShark Stadium, but rebounded in the next series and won two out of three against the Atlanta Braves. Following a poor outing on June 1 in which he failed to retire any of the six batters he faced, Jorge Julio was released; Mike Burns was called up to take Julio's spot in the bullpen. In 15 appearances for the Brewers, Julio went 1–1 with a 7.79 ERA in innings. The Brewers returned to Miller Park on June 9 but suffered a 1–5 homestand in which the team was swept by Colorado and lost two out of three against the Chicago White Sox. After giving up 6 runs in innings in the second game of the White Sox series, Manny Parra was demoted to Tripe-A Nashville; in 13 appearances through June 13, Parra went 3–8 with a 7.52 ERA. In the third game of the series, Trevor Hoffman finally gave up his first run of the season in what was then a tie game; Hoffman had pitched innings in 2009 without giving up a run. 
The Brewers returned to interleague play in Cleveland, where they swept the Cleveland Indians in a high-scoring series that included a six-run rally in the eighth inning on June 15, capped by Prince Fielder's first career grand slam, and an 11-inning win on June 17 that mooted a four-run comeback by the Indians in the ninth inning, giving Hoffman his first blown save of the season. The team's interleague woes returned for the remaining two interleague series, however, as the Brewers were swept in Detroit and dropped two of three against the Twins at Miller Park. The Twins series included the first start by a Brewers pitcher not in the opening day rotation, as Mike Burns made his first career start, replacing the injured Dave Bush. Milwaukee's fortunes improved with a return to National League play, as the team closed out June with series wins at home against San Francisco and the New York Mets. On June 27, Seth McClung made his first start of the year as Manny Parra's replacement in the pitching rotation (due to off days, a fifth starter had not been needed since Parra's June 13 demotion). On June 30, Burns collected his first career win in a game which also included Casey McGehee's first career grand slam. The Brewers ended June with a 12–15 record for the month, but nonetheless held a one-game lead over the St. Louis Cardinals for the division lead.
July.
After opening July with a 1–0 loss to the Mets, the Brewers traveled to Wrigley Field for the first time in 2009, losing three of four games to the Cubs over the Fourth of July weekend. The team fared little better upon returning to Miller Park, dropping series against the St. Louis Cardinals and the Los Angeles Dodgers. Manny Parra returned to the majors on July 9 and pitched seven shutout innings, but received a no-decision after the Cardinals scored five runs off the Milwaukee bullpen in the eighth inning.
Three Brewers players participated in the 2009 MLB All-Star Game held July 14 in St. Louis, Missouri. Ryan Braun received 4,138,599 votes in fan balloting, the most received by any National League outfielder, and started his second consecutive All-Star Game. Prince Fielder also made his second All-Star appearance when he was selected as a reserve player by National League team manager Charlie Manuel. Fielder was also invited to the 2009 Home Run Derby, which he ultimately won with 17 home runs in the first two rounds and six home runs in the final round, beating Nelson Cruz of the Texas Rangers. Finally, Trevor Hoffman made his seventh All-Star appearance as a replacement for injured Dodgers closer Jonathan Broxton.
Following the All-Star Break the Brewers went on the road, splitting a four-game series against the Cincinnati Reds before losing two of three against the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Pirates win on July 20 snapped the Brewers 17-game winning streak against Pittsburgh in a game marred by a disputed beanball thrown at Pirates pitcher Jeff Karstens, reportedly in retribution for an incident in April where Karstens hit Ryan Braun with a pitch, that caused both benches to empty during the eighth inning. On July 19, second baseman Felipe López was acquired from the Arizona Diamondbacks for minor league players Cole Gillespie and Roque Mercedes; the acquisition of Lopez was expected to fill the hole at second and at the top of the lineup left by Rickie Weeks' May injury. 
Milwaukee's July struggles continued at home, as the team lost a series against Atlanta before splitting a four-game series against the Washington Nationals, who entered the series with a Major League-worst 30–68 record. Tim Dillard was called up from the minor leagues to replace the struggling Mike Burns, and Carlos Villanueva made his first start of the season in a July 28 loss to the Nationals. Villanueva was a somewhat surprising choice for the assignment; though he had starting experience in 2008, Villanueva had struggled out of the bullpen in 2009 with a 2–7 record and 6.19 ERA. Following the series against the Nationals, the Brewers were forced to make more roster moves as Jeff Suppan was placed on the disabled list with a strained left oblique and third baseman Bill Hall was optioned to Triple-A Nashville at his own request to work on his hitting; Hall had struggled with a .201 batting average in 199 at-bats in 2009. Shortly before the July 31 trading deadline, former Brewer Claudio Vargas was acquired from the Los Angeles Dodgers in return for minor league infielder Vinny Rottino in an attempt to shore up the pitching staff.
Game log.
"Source:"
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
"Through August 30, 2009"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
"Through August 30, 2009"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Through August 30, 2009"
Relief pitchers.
"Through August 30, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="19824126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824126" title="Swimming pool">
Swimming pool

A swimming pool, swimming bath, wading pool, paddling pool, or simply a pool, is a container filled with water intended for swimming or water-based recreation. There are many standard sizes, the largest of which is the Olympic-size swimming pool. A pool can be built either above or in the ground, and from materials such as concrete (also known as gunite), metal, plastic or fiberglass.
Pools that may be used by many people or by the general public are called public, while pools used exclusively by a few people or in a home are called private. Many health clubs such as the YMCA, fitness centers and private clubs have public pools used mostly for exercise. Many hotels have pools available for their guests. Educational facilities such as schools and universities occasionally have pools for swimming or physical education classes, or competitive athletics such as swim team. Hot tubs and spas are pools with hot water, used for relaxation or therapy, and are common in homes, hotels, clubs and massage parlors. Swimming pools are also used for diving and other water sports, as well as for the training of lifeguards and astronauts.
History.
The "Great Bath" at the site of Mohenjo-Daro in modern-day Pakistan was most likely the first swimming pool, dug during the 3rd millennium BC. This pool is 12 by 7 meters, is lined with bricks and was covered with a tar-based sealant.
Ancient Greeks and Romans built artificial pools for athletic training in the palaestras, for nautical games and for military exercises. Roman emperors had private swimming pools in which fish were also kept, hence one of the Latin words for a pool, "piscina." The first heated swimming pool was built by Gaius Maecenas of Rome in the first century BC. Gaius Maecenas was a rich Roman lord and considered one of the first patrons of arts.
Ancient Sinhalese built pairs of pools called "Kuttam Pokuna" in the kingdom of Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka in the 4th century BC. They were decorated with flights of steps, punkalas or pots of abundance and scroll design.
Swimming pools became popular in Britain in the mid 19th century. By 1837, six indoor pools with diving boards were built in London, England. The oldest surviving Swimming Club in Britain is believed to be Maidstone Swimming Club in Maidstone, Kent, England. It was formed in 1844 when there was concern over drownings in the River Medway. Rescuers would often die in the water because they could usually not swim to safety themselves. The club used to swim in the river and would hold races, diving competitions and water polo matches in the Medway. The South East Gazette July 1844 reported an aquatic breakfast party. Coffee and biscuits were served on a floating raft in the river, the coffee was kept hot over a fire and club members had to tread water and drink coffee at the same time. The last swimmers managed to overturn the raft to the amusement of the 150 spectators.
After the modern Olympic Games began in 1896 and included swimming races, the popularity of swimming pools began to spread. In 1839, Oxford had its first major public indoor pool at Temple Cowley, and swimming began to take off. The Amateur Swimming Association was founded in 1869 in England, and the Oxford Swimming Club in 1909 with its home at Temple Cowley Pool. The presence of indoor baths in the cobbled area of Merton Street, London may have persuaded the less hardy of the aquatic brigade to join. So, bathers gradually became swimmers, and bathing pools swimming pools.
In the USA, the Racquet Club of Philadelphia clubhouse (1907) boasts one of the world's first modern above-ground swimming pools. The first swimming pool to go to sea on an ocean liner was installed on the White Star Line's "Adriatic" in 1907.
Interest in competitive swimming grew following World War I. Standards improved and training became essential. Home swimming pools became popular in the United States after World War II and the publicity given to swimming sports by Hollywood films like Esther Williams "Million Dollar Mermaid" made a home pool a desirable status symbol. More than fifty years later, the home or residential swimming pool is ubiquitous and even small nations enjoy a thriving swimming pool industry (e.g. New Zealand pop. 4,116,900 NZ Census 7 March 2006 - holds the record in pools per capita with 65,000 home swimming pools and 125,000 spa pools).
A two-storey, white concrete swimming pool building composed of horizontal cubic volumes built in 1959 at the Royal Roads Military College is on the Registry of Historic Places of Canada.
Swimming pool records.
According to the Guinness World Records, the largest swimming pool in the world is San Alfonso del Mar Seawater pool in Algarrobo, Chile. It is long and has an area of 8 ha (20 acres). At its deepest, it is deep. It was completed in December 2006.
The largest indoor wave pool in North America is at the West Edmonton Mall and the largest indoor pool is at the Neutral Buoyancy Lab in the Sonny Carter Training Facility at NASA JSC in Houston.
The recreational diving center Nemo 33 near Brussels, Belgium is home to the world's deepest indoor pool. The pool has two large flat-bottomed areas at depth levels of and , and a large circular pit descending to a depth of .
The Fleishhacker Pool in San Francisco, California was the largest heated outdoor swimming pool in the United States. Opened on 23 April 1925, it measured and was so large that the lifeguards required kayaks for patrol. It was closed in 1971 due to low patronage.
In Europe, the largest swimming pool opened in 1934 in Elbląg (Poland), providing a water area of .
One of the largest swimming pools ever built was reputedly in Moscow after the Palace of Soviets remained uncompleted. The foundations were converted into the Moskva Pool open air swimming pool after the process of de-Stalinisation. After the fall of communism, Christ the Saviour Cathedral was re-built (it had originally been on the site) between 1995 and 2000.
The highest swimming pool is believed to be in Yangbajain (Tibet, China). This resort is located at 4200 m AMSL and has two indoor swimming pools and one outdoor swimming pool, all filled with water from hot springs.
Dimensions.
Length:
Most pools in the world are measured in metres, but in the United States pools are often measured in feet and yards. In the United Kingdom most pools are in metres, but older pools measured in yards still exist. In the US, pools tend to either be 25 yards (SCY-short course yards), 25 metres (SCM-short course metres) or 50 metres (long course). US high schools and the NCAA conduct short course (25 yards) competition. There also exist many pools 33⅓ m long, so that 3 lengths = 100 m. This pool dimension is commonly used to accommodate water polo.
USA Swimming (USA-S) swims in both metric and non-metric pools. However, the international standard is metres, and world records are only recognized when swum in 50 m pools (or 25 m for short course). In general, the shorter the pool, the faster the time for the same distance, since the swimmer gains speed from pushing off the wall after each turn at the end of the pool.
Width:
Most European pools are between 10 m and 50 m wide.
Depth:
The depth of a swimming pool depends on the purpose of the pool, and whether it is open to the public or strictly for private use. If it is a private casual, relaxing pool, it may go from deep. If it is a public pool designed for diving, it may slope from in the deep end. A children's play pool may be from deep. Most public pools have differing depths to accommodate different swimmer requirements. In many jurisdictions, it is a requirement to show the water depth with clearly marked depths affixed to the pool walls.
Types.
Pools can be either indoors or outdoors. They can be of any size and shape, and inground or above ground. Most pools are permanent fixtures, while others are temporary, collapsible structures.
Private pools.
Private pools are usually smaller than public pools, on average to whereas public pools usually start at . Home pools can be permanently built-in, or be assembled above ground and disassembled after summer. Privately owned outdoor pools in backyards or gardens started to proliferate in the 1950s in regions with warm summer climates, particularly in the United States.
Private pools are increasingly a feature of homes in greater latitudes. For example, in London many larger homes are now refurbished with indoor pools, usually in the basement or in a conservatory.
Construction methods for private pools vary greatly. The main types of in-ground pools are gunite Shotcrete, concrete, vinyl-lined, and one-piece fiberglass shells.
Many countries now have strict pool fencing requirements for private swimming pools, which require pool areas to be isolated so that unauthorized children younger than six years cannot enter. Many countries require a similar level of protection for the children residing in or visiting the house, although many pool owners prefer the visual aspect of the pool in close proximity to their living areas, and will not provide this level of protection. There is no consensus between states or countries on the requirements to fence private swimming pools, and in many places they are not required at all, particularly in rural settings.
Children's pools.
Inexpensive temporary Polyvinyl chloride pools can be bought in supermarkets and taken down after summer. They are used mostly outdoors in yards, are typically shallow, and often their sides are inflated with air to stay rigid. When finished, the water and air can be let out and this type of pool can be folded up for convenient storage. They are regarded in the swimming pool industry as "splasher" pools intended for cooling off and amusing toddlers and children, not for swimming, hence the alternate name of "kiddie" pools.
Toys are available for children and other people to play with in pool water. They are often blown up with air so they are soft but still reasonably rugged, and can float in water.
Public pools.
Public pools are often part of a larger leisure centre or recreational complex. These centres often have more than one pool, such as an indoor heated pool, an outdoor (chlorinated, saltwater or ozonated) pool which may be heated or unheated, a shallower children's pool, and a paddling pool for toddlers and infants. There may also be a sauna and one or more hot tubs or spa pools ("jacuzzis").
Many upscale hotels and holiday resorts have a swimming pool for use by their guests. If a pool is in a separate building, the building may be called a natatorium. The building may sometimes also have facilities for related activities, such as a diving tank. Larger pools sometimes have a diving board affixed at one edge above the water.
Many public swimming pools are rectangles 25 m or 50 m long, but they can be any size and shape. There are also elaborate pools with artificial waterfalls, fountains, splash pads, wave machines, varying depths of water, bridges, and island bars.
Some swimming facilities have lockers for clothing and other belongings. The lockers can require a coin to be inserted in a slot, either as deposit or payment. There are usually showers - sometimes mandatory - before and/or after swimming. There are often also lifeguards to ensure the safety of users.
Wading or paddling pools are shallow bodies of water intended for use by small children, usually in parks. Concrete wading pools come in many shapes, traditionally rectangle, square or circle. Some are filled and drained daily due to lack of a filter system. Staff chlorinate the water to ensure health and safety standards.
Competition pools.
The Fédération Internationale de la Natation (FINA, International Swimming Federation) sets standards for competition pools: long and at least deep. Competition pools are generally indoors and heated to enable their use all year round, and to more easily comply with the regulations regarding temperature, lighting, and automatic officiating equipment.
An Olympic-size swimming pool (first used at the 1924 Olympics) is a pool that meets FINA's additional standards for the Olympic Games and for world championship events. It must be in length by wide, divided into eight lanes of each plus two areas of at each side of the pool. The water must be kept at and the lighting level at greater than 1500 lux. Depth must be at least , and there are also regulations for color of lane rope, positioning of backstroke flags (5 meters from each wall), and so on. Pools claimed to be "Olympic pools" do not always meet these regulations, as FINA cannot police use of the term. Touchpads are mounted on both walls for long course meets and each end for short course.
A pool may be referred to as fast or slow, depending on its physical layout. 
Some design considerations allow the reduction of swimming resistance making the pool faster: namely, proper pool depth, elimination of currents, increased lane width, energy absorbing racing lane lines and gutters, and the use of other innovative hydraulic, acoustic and illumination designs.
Exercise pools.
In the last two decades, a new style of pool has gained popularity. These consist of a small vessel (usually about 2.5 m x 5 m) in which the swimmer swims in place, either against the push of an artificially generated water current or against the pull of restraining devices. These pools have several names, such as "swim spas", "swimming machines", or "swim systems". They are all examples of different modes of resistance swimming.
Hot tubs and spa pools.
Hot tubs and spa pools are common heated pools used for relaxation and sometimes for therapy. Commercial spas are common in the swimming pool area or sauna area of a health club or fitness centre, in men's clubs, women's clubs, motels and exclusive five star hotel suites. Spa clubs may have very large pools, some segmented into increasing temperatures. In Japan, men's clubs with many spas of different size and temperature are common. Commercial spas are generally made of concrete, with a mosaic tiled interior. More recently with the innovation of the Pre-Form Composite method where Mosaic tiles are bonded to the shell this enables Commercial spas to be completely factory manufactured to specification and delivered in one piece. Hot tubs are typically made somewhat like a wine barrel with straight sides, from wood such as Californian redwood held in place by metal hoops. Immersion of the head is not recommended in spas or hot tubs due to a potential risk of underwater entrapment from the pump suction forces. However, commercial installations in many countries must comply with various safety standards which reduce this risk considerably.
Home spas are a worldwide retail item in western countries since the 1980s, and are sold in dedicated spa stores, pool shops, department stores, the Internet, and catalog sales books. They are almost always made from heat-extruded acrylic sheet Perspex, often colored in marble look-alike patterns. They rarely exceed and are typically deep, restricted by the availability of the raw sheet sizes (typically manufactured in Japan). There is often a mid-depth seating or lounging system, and contoured lounger style reclining seats are common. Upmarket spas include various jet nozzles (massage, pulsating, etc.), a drinks tray, lights, LCD flat-screen TV sets and other features that make the pool a recreation center. Due to their family-oriented nature, home spas are normally operated from . Many pools are incorporated in a redwood or simulated wood surround, and are termed "portable" as they may be placed on a patio rather than sunken into a permanent location. Some portable spas are shallow and narrow enough to fit sideways through a standard door and be used inside a room. Low power electric immersion heaters are common with home spas.
Whirlpool tubs first became popular in America during the 1960s and 1970s. A spa is also called a "jacuzzi" in USA since the word became a generic after plumbing component manufacturer Jacuzzi introduced the "Spa Whirlpool" in 1968. Air bubbles may be introduced into the nozzles via an air-bleed venturi pump that combines cooler air with the incoming heated water to cool the pool if the temperature rises uncomfortably high. Some spas have a constant stream of bubbles fed via the seating area of the pool, or a footwell area. This is more common as a temperature control device where the heated water comes from a natural (uncontrolled heat) geothermal source, rather than artificially heated. Water temperature is usually very warm to hot — , so bathers usually stay in for only 20 to 30 minutes. Bromine or mineral sanitizers are often recommended as sanitizers for spas because chlorine dissipates at a high temperature thereby heightening its strong chemical smell. Ozone is an effective bactericide and is commonly included in the circulation system with cartridge filtration, but not with sand media filtration due to clogging problems with turbid body fats.
Ocean pools.
In the early 20th century, especially in Australia, ocean pools were built, typically on headlands by enclosing part of the rock shelf, with water circulated through the pools by flooding from tidal tanks or by regular flooding over the side of the pools at high tide. This continued a pre-European tradition of bathing in rockpools, or "bogey holes" with many of the current sites being expanded from sites used by Australian Aborigines. Bathing in these pools provided security against both rough surf and sharks. There were often separate pools for women and men, or the pool was open to the sexes at different times with a break for bathers to come without fear of observation by the other sex.
These were the fore-runners of modern 'Olympic' pools. A variation was the later development of sea- or harbour-side pools that circulated sea water using pumps. A pool of this type was the training ground for Australian Olympian Dawn Fraser.
There are currently about 100 ocean baths in New South Wales, which can range from small pools roughly 25 metres long and "Olympic Sized" (50m) to the very large, such as the 50x100m baths in Newcastle. While most are free, a number charge fees, such as the Bondi Icebergs pool at Bondi Beach. Despite the development of chlorinated and heated pools, ocean baths remain a popular form of recreation in New South Wales.
Infinity pools.
An infinity edge pool (also named "negative edge" or "vanishing edge pool") is a swimming pool which produces a visual effect of water extending to the horizon, vanishing, or extending to "infinity". Often, the water appears to fall into an ocean, lake, bay, or other similar body of water. The illusion is most effective whenever there is a significant change in elevation, though having a natural body of water on the horizon is not a limiting factor.
Natural pools and ponds.
Natural pools were developed in central and western Europe in the early and mid-1980s by designers and landscape architects with environmental concerns. They have recently been growing in popularity as an alternative to traditional swimming pools. NSPs are constructed bodies of water in which no chemicals or devices that disinfect or sterilize water are used, and all the cleaning of the pool is achieved purely with the motion of the water through biological filters and plants rooted hydroponically in the system. In essence, NSPs seek to recreate swimming holes and swimmable lakes, the environment where people feel safe swimming in a non-polluted, healthy, and ecologically balanced body of water.
Water in NSPs has many desirable characteristics. For example, red eyes, dried-out skin and hair, and bleached bathing suits associated with overly chlorinated water are naturally absent in NSPs. NSPs, by requiring a water garden to be a part of the system, offer different aesthetic options and can support amphibious wild life such as snails, frogs, and salamanders.
Zero-entry swimming pools.
A "zero-entry swimming pool", also called a "beach entry swimming pool", is a swimming pool having an edge or entry that gradually slopes from the deck into the water, becoming deeper with each step, in the manner of a natural beach. As there are no stairs or ladders to navigate, this type of entry assists older people, young children and people with accessibility problems where gradual entry is useful.
Other uses.
Swimming pools are also used for events such as synchronized swimming, water polo, canoe polo and underwater sports such as underwater hockey, underwater rugby, finswimming and sport diving as well as for teaching diving, lifesaving and scuba diving techniques. They have also been used for specialist tasks such as teaching water-ditching survival techniques for aircraft and submarine crews and astronaut training. Round-cornered, irregular swimming pools, such as the Nude Bowl, were drained of water and used for vertical skateboarding.
Sanitation.
Swimming pool water must maintain low levels of bacteria and viruses to prevent the spread of diseases and pathogens. Bacteria, algae and insect larvae can enter the pool if water is not properly sanitized. Pumps, mechanical filters, and disinfectants are often used to filter the water.
Chemical disinfectants, such as chlorine (usually as a hypochlorite salt, such as calcium hypochlorite) and bromine, are commonly used to kill pathogens. If not properly maintained, chemical sanitation can produce high levels of Disinfection byproducts. Sanitized swimming pool water can theoretically appear green if iron or certain minerals are in the water. The green color is often attributed to oxidized copper compounds, such as copper chloride.
There are also machines that use all-natural salt to filter the water.
Covers.
Swimming pool heating costs can be significantly reduced by using a pool cover. Use of a pool cover also can help reduce the amount of chemicals (chlorine, etc.) required by the pool. Outdoor pools gain heat from the sun, absorbing 75%–85% of the solar energy striking the pool surface. Though a cover decreases the total amount of solar heat absorbed by the pool, the cover eliminates heat loss due to evaporation and reduces heat loss at night through its insulating properties. Most swimming pool heat loss is through evaporation.
The heating effectiveness of a cover depends on type. A transparent bubble cover is the most effective, as it allows the largest amount of solar flux into the pool itself. Thermal bubble covers are lightweight UV stabilized floating covers designed to minimize heat loss on heated swimming pools. Typically they are only fitted in spring and fall (autumn) when the temperature difference between pool water and air temperature is greatest. They raise temperature of a pool by around 20 °Fahrenheit, or 11 °Celsius, after being on the pool for a week. Bubble covers are typically applied and removed by being rolled up on a device fitted to one side of the pool (see illustration). Covers fall apart after 4 or 5 years due to sun exposure, overheating in the sun while off the pool, and chlorine attacking the plastic. Bubble covers should be removed during super chlorination.
A vinyl cover absorbs more sunlight directly, allowing temperature to rise faster, but ultimately prevents the pool from reaching as high a temperature as a clear cover. Vinyl covers consist of a heavier material and have a longer life expectancy than bubble covers. Insulated vinyl covers are also available with a thin layer of flexible insulation sandwiched between two layers of vinyl. These covers are mandatory to be fitted to all pools in areas of Australia that have experienced drought since 2006. This is an effort to conserve water, as much water evaporates and transpires.
An alternative to a continuous sheet of pool covering is multiple floating disks which are deployed and removed disk by disk. They cover most of the surface of the pool and offer evaporation reduction similar to continuous covers. Various types are available, for example opaque (for UV resistance and possible reduced algal growth), transparent (for esthetics), heavy and solid (for wind resistance), light and inflatable (for ease of handling).
These covers are typically attached all winter, by hooked bungee cords or hooked springs connected to the pool deck, and are usually made in a variety of materials including coated or laminated vinyl or polypropylene mesh. They are custom designed to stop leaf debris from entering the pool but more importantly they also provide safety for animals and small children when designed and installed properly. The custom safety cover was invented in 1957 by Fred Meyer Jr. of Meyco Pool Covers when he found a dead animal in his pool. Today covers are made to meet ASTM safety barrier standards and have kept animals, people and even large vehicles out of the pool. They are not popular in warmer climates, due to the five to ten minutes it takes to fit/remove them, making them inconvenient for repeated application and removal.
Pool cover automation.
A pool cover can be either manually, semi-automatically, or automatically operated. Manual covers can be folded and stored in an off site location. Pool cover reels can also be used to help manually roll up the pool cover. The reel, usually on wheels, can be rolled in or out of place.
Semi-automatic covers use a motor-driven reel system. They use electrical power to roll and unroll the cover, but usually require someone to pull on the cover when unrolling, or guide the cover onto the reel when rolling up the cover. Semi-automatic covers can be built into the pool deck surrounding the pool, or can use reels on carts.
Automatic covers have permanently mounted reels that automatically cover and uncover the pool at the push of a button. They are the most expensive option, but are also the most convenient. These reels can be run from either an external motor requiring a pit to be dug beside the pool or using an internal motor that spins the reel.
Some pool covers fit into tracks along the sides of the pool. This prevents anything or anybody from getting into the pool. They even support the weight of several people. They can be run manually, semi-automatically, or automatically. Safety covers may be required by inspectors for public pools.
Winterization.
In areas which reach freezing temperature, it is important to close a pool properly. This varies greatly between in-ground and above-ground pools. By taking steps to properly secure the pool, it lessens the likelihood that the superstructure will be damaged or compromised by freezing water.
Closing vinyl and fibreglass pools.
In preparation for freezing temperatures, an in-ground swimming pool's pipes must be emptied. An above-ground pool should also be closed, so that ice does not drag down the pool wall, collapsing its structure. The plumbing is sealed with air, typically with rubber plugs, to prevent cracking from freezing water. The pool is typically covered to prevent leaves and other debris from falling in. The cover is attached to the pool typically using a stretch cord, similar to a bungee cord and hooks fitted into the pool surround. The skimmer is closed off or a floating device is placed into it to prevent it from completely freezing and cracking. Floating objects such as life rings or basketballs can be placed in the pool to avoid its freezing under the cover. Sand or DE filters must be backwashed, with the main drain plug removed and all water drained out. Drain plugs on the pool filter are removed after the filter has been cleaned. The pool pump motor is taken under cover. Winter chemicals are added to keep the pool clean. The innovation of a composite construction of fibreglass, with an epoxy coating and porcelain ceramic tiles has led to the Pre-form, Composite-type with significant advantages over older methods; however, it also has increased sensitivity to metal staining.
In climates where there is no risk of freezing, closing down the pool for winter is not so important. Typically, the thermal cover is removed and stored. Winter sunlight can create an algae mess when a cover that has been left on all winter is removed. The pool is correctly pH-balanced and super-chlorinated. One litre algaecide for every 50,000 litres of pool water should be added, and topped up each month. The pool should be filtered for one to two hours daily to keep the automated chlorination system active.
Safety.
Pools present a significant risk of infant and toddler death due to drowning. In regions where residential pools are common, drowning is a major cause of childhood fatalities. As a precaution, many municipalities have by-laws that require that residential pools be enclosed with fencing to restrict unauthorized access. The Virginia Graeme Baker Pool And Spa Safety Act regulates pools to reduce the risk of entrapment. Diving in the shallow end can also lead to significant head and neck injuries; diving, especially head-first diving, should be done in the deepest point of the pool, minimally , but desirably , deeper if the distance between the water and the board is great.
Many products exist, such as removable baby fences, floating alarms and window/door alarms. Some pools are equipped with computer-aided drowning prevention or other forms of electronic safety and security systems.
Suspended ceilings in indoor swimming pools are safety-relevant components. The selection of materials under tension should be done with care. Especially the selection of unsuitable stainless steels can cause problems with stress corrosion cracking.
Dress code.
In public swimming pools, dress code may be stricter than on public beaches, and in indoor pools stricter than outdoor pools. For example, in countries where women can be topless on the beach, this is often not allowed in a swimming pool, and a swimsuit must be worn. For men, wearing shoes and a shirt on a beach is acceptable, but often not in a pool. 
At beaches, many people swim with clothes on and wear beachwear, but at pools (especially indoor pools) more minimal attire is often worn, such as lycra briefs for men or lycra one-piece tanksuits for women. Swimming with clothes on often results in objections from lifeguards at pools, especially indoor pools, as they can potentially weigh the swimmer down should he or she need to be rescued. In France and some other European countries, board shorts are usually not allowed for hygiene reasons. In Nordic countries and in particular Iceland, rules about clothing and hygiene are especially strict. Bathing suits are sometimes doubled up (wearing one brief inside another) when diving from a high board, so that the swimsuit does not rip on impact with the water.

</doc>
<doc id="19824130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824130" title="2009 Arizona Diamondbacks season">
2009 Arizona Diamondbacks season

The Arizona Diamondbacks' 2009 season is the franchise's twelfth season in Major League Baseball.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 

</doc>
<doc id="19824141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824141" title="2009 Colorado Rockies season">
2009 Colorado Rockies season

The Colorado Rockies' 2009 season is a season in American baseball, in which the Rockies won their third Wild Card title, and second in three years. The Rockies drew 2,665,080 fans for the season, their highest total since 2002. The average home attendance was 32,902 fans.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"
Other pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"
Relief pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"

</doc>
<doc id="19824143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824143" title="Homocore (zine)">
Homocore (zine)

Homocore is an American anarcho-punk zine created by Tom Jennings and Deke Nihilson, and published in San Francisco from 1988 to 1991. One of the first queer zines, "Homocore" was directed toward the hardcore punk youth of the gay underground. The publication has been noted for popularizing the Queercore movement on the United States west coast.
History.
The word 'homocore' was first coined by G.B. Jones and Bruce LaBruce in the Toronto-based queer punk zine, "J.D.s".
The term was a neologism based upon combining the words homosexual and hardcore, and used as a description of their audience: disenfranchised queer hardcore punks. The word first appeared in "J.D.'s" issue #1 in 1985.
Tom Jennings borrowed the word 'homocore' after he and co-editor Deke Nihilson met Jones and LaBruce at the 1987 Anarchist Survival Gathering in Toronto. Inspired by the editors of "J.D.'s", and other anarchists, Jennings and Nihilson returned to San Francisco and began the "Homocore" zine. The first issue was published in September 1988. Although their initial audience was the queer underground within the San Francisco area, letters published in later issues came from readers around the world. "Homocore" featured writers, artists and bands such as the Anarcho-punk group The Apostles, photographer Daniel Nicoletta, Chainsaw Records label owner and musician Donna Dresch, writer and founder of Lookout Records Larry Livermore, Bruce LaBruce and G.B. Jones. Steve Abbott first published excerpts of what would become the novel "The Lizard Club" in "Homocore". Writing for "The Village Voice", author Dennis Cooper started off his 1990 survey of the then-nascent queer zine scene with a review of this zine, noting "Homocore is the most generous and info-packed of the zines."
Subsequently, eight issues were published over a 16 month period, ending in February 1991. An odd issue, titled "Bad Poetry" Issue #5½, resulted from the use of overlarge newsprint paper. The editors also organized "Homocore" events in which bands such as Fugazi, MDC, Beat Happening and Comrades In Arms appeared. The 1991 short film "Shred Of Sex" by Greta Snider was made at "Homocore" headquarters.
Influence and cultural significance.
"Homocore" has been noted as being instrumental in popularizing the Queercore movement, especially on the west coast of North America. In the book "DIY: The Rise and Fall of Lo-Fi Culture", Amy Spencer stated that "zines acknowledged that their origins stemmed directly from the existence of J.D.s and Homocore." Spencer further wrote that "Homocore" and similar zines became "required reading material" for those disillusioned by other more mainstream gay choices.
In his book examining zines, Stephen Duncombe explains, "Queer punk rockers, for example, feel unrepresented in both predominantly straight punk zines and the liberal assimilationist gay and lesbian press. Therefore they use zines like "Homocore" and "J.D.s" as virtual meeting places, spaces to define and communicate who they are, and remind themselves (and others) that they are not alone."
Christopher Wilde in an 2007 essay for Queer Life said it was "Homocore'" #7, the final issue, which is the "most fondly remembered of all queer zines" and "cemented its reputation as a leader in the evolution of the queer scene."

</doc>
<doc id="19824148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824148" title="2009 San Diego Padres season">
2009 San Diego Padres season

The San Diego Padres are an American Major League Baseball team. Their 2009 season marked their 41st year in Major League Baseball.
Regular season.
Game log.
During the Padres 6-5 win over the New York Mets at Citi Field on April 13, 2009, Jody Gerut became the first player to open a new ballpark with a leadoff home run, hitting the first base hit and home run on the 3rd pitch off Mets starting pitcher Mike Pelfrey.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Fort Wayne

</doc>
<doc id="19824173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824173" title="Schildknecht">
Schildknecht

Schildknecht is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19824190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824190" title="Ergys Sorra">
Ergys Sorra

Ergys Sorra (born July 23, 1989) is an Albanian footballer. He currently plays as a Tstriker for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga. He wore the number 11 jersey at KF Tirana for the 2009-2010 season, changing from his previous number 18 jersey.
Career.
Tirana (2007-present).
Sorra made his debut for KF Tirana in round 31 of the Kategoria superiore 2007-08 on 10 May 2008 in a 1-0 away loss to KS Besëlidhja Lezhë. He came on as a substitute for Berat Hyseni in the 68th minute of the game marking his first and only league appearance of the season. His first league goal came in round 32 of the Kategoria superiore 2008-09 on 16 May 2009 against citry rivals Dinamo Tirana. Sorra scored after coming on a substitute during half time for Entonio Pashaj, his goal on the 73rd minute mark put KF Tirana 3-1 up and sealed the victory despite Dinamo's Elis Bakaj scoring late on in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19824202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824202" title="Jack Pearce">
Jack Pearce

Jack Pearce is a former football player and manager of Bognor Regis Town. He is currently general manager of Bognor Regis Town and continues to serve the club after 40 years.
Career.
Player and manager.
Pearce arrived as a 21-year-old full back in 1970 in time for the 1970–71 season. When he joined, Bognor Regis Town was languishing in Division Two of the Sussex County League. He helped the Rocks win the Division Two and One titles in consecutive seasons with his tough-tackling defending. In 1976 Pearce was almost forced into taking the manager's job at the age of just 26 since no one else would accept the job. Bognor were bottom of the Southern League and were struggling to survive financially and had lost all their best players but Pearce managed to turn things around and as a result the job was his.
Cup competitions.
Soon Pearce put together a team that dominated the Sussex non-league for years and made national headlines for their wins in the FA Cup. They won the Sussex Senior Cup five years in a row between 1980 and 1984, a unique achievement in the competition's 124-year history and reached the second round of the FA Cup three times in the space of four years. They also won the AC Delco Cup in 1987, the only time a Sussex club has won a knockout competition outside the county. The highlight of Pearce's management career was on 17 November 1984 when Bognor Regis Town beat a Swansea City side including Dean Saunders in a first round FA Cup replay. Swansea had been in the First Division just two years before. In the first tie at the Vetch Field they were unlucky to be held 1–1 but in the return leg at Nyewood Lane they won 3–1 in front of 4,500. They repeated the feat the following year and again in 1988 when they knocked out Fourth Division outfit Exeter City in the first round. Pearce led Bognor Regis Town to the second round in 1995 and guided the club to the first round on two other occasions during their heyday in the Eighties.
League form.
Pearce matched his success in cup competitions with success in the league. In the season 1970–71 Bognor Regis Town returned to Division one of the Sussex County League at the first attempt and next season won the Division One title that was rewarded with a step up to the Southern League. They played in this league until 1981 when they switched to the Isthmian League where promotion to the Premier Division was achieved at the first attempt. In 1991–92 they finished in 21st place but escaped relegation due to Dagenham FC withdrawing from the league, but the following year they finished rock bottom and dropped into Division One. In 2002–03 they finally won promotion back to the Isthmian League Premier Division, and a 10th place finish the 2003–4 season was enough to claim a place in the re-structured Conference South where the club remained until 2009. In successive seasons Bognor Regis Town finished 9th in 2004-5 (their highest league position), 12th in 2005-6 and 12th in 2006-7, under Pearce's reign.
After a poor start and a run of 2 wins, 9 defeats and 1 draw in the 2007–08 season Pearce finally brought his 30-year reign as manager at Nyewood Lane to an end. On the Sunday 21 October 2007 following a 2–2 draw at Newport County that left the Rocks second-bottom of Conference South Pearce stepped down. It subsequently turned out that during this run they had played most of the top teams but by then the reins had been passed to one of his protoges, Michael Birmingham who saved the club from relegation.
The most impressive thing is that he has done it all without compromising his beliefs to the passing game in a bid to turn things around and has established Bognor's reputation as one of the most attractive teams to watch in non-league football. Even more remarkably he did it without the help of any real financial backing.
"Like Shankly, Busby and Clough, the scale of Pearce's impact at Bognor will only be truly realised in years to come but there is no doubt he was one of the finest managers Sussex has ever seen".
General manager.
Although Pearce no longer manages the first team, he stepped down to give more attention to the day to day running of the club and was very busy in the club's 125th Anniversary year in 2008. Since he stepped down as team boss at Bognor, in his role at the FA he has advocated financial prudence amongst non-League clubs and Respect for match officials. In 2010 he had served the club for 40 years. Aside from the club, Pearce lives in Bognor Regis with his common-law wife Gill, and the pair also ran a newsagents shop nearby, until their retirement from the industry in 2009.
As of August 2011, he entered 42nd season with Bognor Regis Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19824207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824207" title="Sherline">
Sherline

Sherline is a machine tool builder founded in Australia and currently headquartered in Vista, California, USA. It builds miniature machine tools (microlathes and micromills) and a wide range of tooling to be used on them. Within the miniature segment of the machine tool industry, Sherline is one of the most widely known brands. According to Sherline, their line of OEM accessories (chucks, vises, rotary tables, and so on) is more comprehensive than that of any other builder of machine tools, regardless of machine size.
Sherline tools are often used by hobbyists for making nearly any kind of part that can be machined, as long as it fits within a miniature machine tool's limits of slide travel. Sherline's products are also used by industry. They provide an inexpensive way to build custom tooling using modular components (XY tables, machine slides, etc.).
Sherline's sales are global. Its product line helps to put machine tools in places where traditionally they would be unlikely to go by lowering the threshold for market entry. Its turnkey CNC systems are some of the least expensive CNC machine tools on the market, making it possible for individual hobbyists to enter a market that in past decades was almost entirely industrial.

</doc>
<doc id="19824236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824236" title="Toni Pezo">
Toni Pezo

Toni Pezo (born 14 February 1987 in Split, Croatia) is a Croatian football midfielder currently playing for Zrinjski Mostar.
Career.
Toni Pezo started off his career in Croatia with Hajduk Split. After spending the 2005-2006 season at the club without any success, he realised he had no real chance of breaking into the first team any time soon so he decided to move in search of more first team football. This move came in the summer transfer window of 2006, he decided to play abroad in Bosnia-Herzegovina with Zrinjski Mostar. After two seasons in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Pezo moved to Albania after attracting interest from SK Tirana. He has found it difficult since moving to Albania but has still impressed in during the time that he has been there.
He has sinced resigned with Hajduk Split. Now, he is on loan in NK Zadar (Croatia)
Flamurtari Vlorë.
Pezo signed for Flamurtari Vlorë on 10 January 2012, along with fellow Croatian Pero Pejić.

</doc>
<doc id="19824264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824264" title="Rather Be (The Verve song)">
Rather Be (The Verve song)

"Rather Be" is a song by English alternative rock band The Verve. It is the third track on their fourth studio album, "Forth". The song was released as the second single from the album on 17 November 2008, following summer hit "Love Is Noise". Richard Ashcroft is credited for being the sole composer of the track, although as stated by band members the song has changed a lot since the initial version brought over by Ashcroft thanks to his companions' aid.
Background.
According to the band, the song was written by Richard Ashcroft just a few months before they got together in mid-2007. Different approaches for it were considered. As stated by Nick McCabe a "psychedelic version" of the song was his personal favorite.
As for the interpretation of the song's meaning, Richard has cleared it out on an interview with Steve Lamacq, saying "lyrically in a way it’s kind of we’re bombarded with so much information now. There’s too much. You know, there’s a point where you have to just switch off, because I don’t believe we are sort of wired to be able to take in so much information, we become even numb to it or it makes us very, very fearful of the world outside the door when you’ve got the rolling news going, you’ve got all this death and destruction and yet on the other hand, even what it’s saying is I’d rather be here, you know, it’s, I’ve said it before, ‘We’re on a rock in infinity. We’re on this planet, man.’ It’s just, isn’t that the miracle? Is this the miracle, the miracle?’ Is waking up and looking out? It’s very difficult, I think, in the modern age to find time to, or space, to really invest a bit of thought into the fact that you are on a planet in infinity."
The band recorded both B-sides for the single in late September 2008, a month later after the album's release.
Chart performance.
"Rather Be" debuted and peaked at number 56 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video was filmed at May Hill, Gloucestershire and was initially released as an exclusive for "The Sun"'s website on 17 October 2008. Ashcroft directed the video, and is the only member seen on the clip.
Track listings.
The band released via their online store an exclusive live version of the song on 16 November. A day later both vinyl editions plus the CD-single and digital bundle were available.
In other media.
"Rather Be" is featured in the film "Marley & Me" along with the song "Lucky Man".

</doc>
<doc id="19824299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824299" title="Richard Adams (inventor)">
Richard Adams (inventor)

Richard Adams (born December 8, 1954) is an independent inventor and engineer. Since building and demonstrating a video camera as a child, his work has often garnered media interest.
TV camera.
His first project was the construction of a video camera that he started building when he was ten years old and got working at age 12 in 1967. He worked entirely at home without the aid of his school. It originally gained coverage in the Miami Herald when he had enlisted the newspaper’s help to find a TV station that would help him tune the camera.
Although he did not invent, the fact that a child could build one cheaply drove home a point that made others desirous of this technology. It continued to be publicized by the Herald and other newspapers each time the camera made a public appearance.
Music.
In 1974, whilst attending Florida Institute of Technology, Adams created an interface and software to connect an electronic organ to a computer so he could record and playback entire musical scores with full polyphony.
Computer.
Adams built an early 16 bit computer in his home which his brother, Scott Adams, used to program his first computer game before going on to found Adventure International, which became notable for its text adventure games (also known as Interactive Fiction).
Codec testing.
Whilst employed in Silicon Valley between 1976 and 1982, Adams gave demonstrations on the testing of codecs and authored a paper on the subject.
Happy Computers.
In 1982, Adams founded Happy Computers to market and sell add-in boards that'd he invented for Atari computer disk drives. These boards greatly increased the speed at which disks could be read and written to and remained popular for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="19824307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824307" title="Lamon (disambiguation)">
Lamon (disambiguation)

Lamon is a comune in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto.
Lamon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19824319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824319" title="Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh">
Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh

The Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh, formerly known as the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh (Southern Cone), is a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America. It has parishes in the several counties of Western Pennsylvania. In addition, the diocese has oversight of several Anglican parishes that are not located within its geographical boundaries. The diocese has one or more parishes in the US states of Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Wisconsin. Illinois and California are home to over 10 parishes each. The diocese also has a parish in Mexico. 
The diocese is home to numerous Episcopal/Anglican organizations including the Church Army, Rock the World Youth Mission Alliance, and the Society of Anglican Missionaries and Senders (formerly South American Missionary Society). Perhaps the most prominent of these is Trinity School for Ministry, a leading evangelical, low church seminary in the Anglican tradition.
The diocese originated from the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh, a diocese of the Episcopal Church. In 2008, the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh split into two bodies when the majority of its parishes left the Episcopal Church to become the Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh.
History.
Episcopal Church origins.
The Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh shares its history prior to 2008 with the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh, which was established in 1865 from the western portion of the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania. Beginning with the leadership of Bishop Alden Hathaway (1983–1997) and intensifying under his successor, Bishop Robert Duncan, the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh had been a front line in the struggle between theological conservatives and liberals within the Episcopal Church. The theological struggles within the church escalated over the election of Gene Robinson as bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New Hampshire and the Episcopal Church's first openly gay bishop (see Homosexuality and Anglicanism). Bishop Duncan in particular had taken up a prominent role in the conservative movement within the church. 
On November 2, 2007, the convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh voted to amend its constitution and withdraw the diocese from the Episcopal Church. Constitutional changes require votes at two successive annual conventions. In October 2008, a majority of the diocesan convention voted a second time to leave the Episcopal Church and join the Anglican Province of the Southern Cone, a sister province of the Episcopal Church within the Anglican Communion. The Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh was the second diocese whose convention voted to leave the Episcopal Church in this fashion, after the Diocese of San Joaquin.
These actions were believed by the Episcopal Church to be "ultra vires" and null. While the majority of parishes approved of the decision to leave the Episcopal Church, a minority of parishes and members remained in the Episcopal Church and continued to claim that they were the legitimate Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Post-realignment history.
In 2009, the members of the diocese joined with other Anglican bodies to form the Anglican Church of North America. Bishop Duncan was elected to be the first archbishop and primate of the new church. 
Both dioceses claimed to be the successor to the undivided diocese, and they both continued to use the same name until October 2009. At that time the Commonwealth Court ruled that all diocesan property belonged to the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh that was part of the Episcopal Church. In January 2010 the court received a schedule of property including an investment portfolio of over $20 million and the deeds to 49 properties including 22 occupied by congregations participating in the Anglican Church of North America. The Commonwealth Court of Appeals affirmed the award of property February 2011 and refused to reconsider its ruling in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19824332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824332" title="John Martin (baseball)">
John Martin (baseball)

John Robert Martin (born April 11, 1956) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.
Martin attended Eastern Michigan University (EMU). He was a member of the 1976 and 1977 Mid-American Conference (MAC) Championship EMU teams. Martin is also a member of the EMU Hall of Fame. 
After appearing in 9 games, starting 5, and winning 2 in his rookie year of 1980, with the St. Louis Cardinals, Martin recorded his best year in 1981, recording 8 wins against 5 losses, four complete games, and a 3.42 ERA. In 1982, after a subpar start with a sore arm, he only started in 7 games, and finished the season mostly out of the bullpen (4–5, 4.23 ERA). Martin adjusted to pitching in relief and bounced back with a 3–1 record and 4.18 ERA. The Cardinals sold him to the Detroit Tigers on August 4, 1983. For the Tigers, Martin appeared in 15 games and had a 7.43 ERA.
It was actually the Detroit Tigers who drafted Martin in the 27th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft. The Tigers traded him to the St. Louis Cardinals with Al Greene for Jim Lentine on June 2, 1980.
Martin went on to coach in the Major Leagues for the next 20 years. Winning another World Series as a hitting specialist with the 1989 Oakland Athletics. He retired after the 1996 season as a hitting coach with the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19824342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824342" title="Enri Tafaj">
Enri Tafaj

Enri Tafaj is an Albanian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Dimamo Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.
Club career.
Tafaj began his career in 2007 with KF Tirana after working his way up through the youth setup at the club. He joined up with the first team during the winter break in the 2006–07 season. He made his league debut with KF Tirana in round 32 of the 2006–07 Albanian Superliga season on 12 May 2007. The match was against Teuta Durres at the Niko Dovana Stadium. Tafaj started the game and played the whole 90 minutes.
He made no further Superliga appearances for KF Tirana, and in January 2009 he joined KS Dajti on loan for the rest of the season to gain experience.
He then moved to KS Kamza, as KS Dajti had been renamed. He spent the early part of the 2010–11 season on loan at KF Laçi, but played only once, in a 7–1 defeat in the second leg of the Europa League first qualifying round match against Dnepr Mogilev. In the 2011–12 Superliga season, Tafaj played regularly for Kamza. He scored only once, a late consolation in a 2–1 defeat at Pogradeci. He took part in the relegation "play-out", as Kamza lost to Besa Tavaje to return to the First Division after just one season.
Tafaj returned to pre-season training with Kamza, but joined Superliga side KS Tomori before the start of the 2012–13 season.
International career.
Tafaj was called up to the Albania under-19 team for the Slovakia Cup tournament in April and May 2007, and also played twice in qualifying for the UEFA under-19 championships. In October 2008, he was called up to the Albania under-21 team to face their Macedonian counterparts, but took no part in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19824358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824358" title="Julia Griffiths">
Julia Griffiths

Julia Griffiths (Born, 21 May 1811 in London, England) was a British abolitionist who worked with Frederick Douglass. The two met in London, England, during Douglass' tour of the British Isles in 1845-47. In 1849, Griffiths joined Douglass in Rochester, and edited, published and promoted his work. She was one of six founding members of the influential Rochester Ladies Anti-Slavery Society. She is most noted for publishing "Autographs for Freedom", an anthology of anti-slavery literature. In 1854, there were unfounded accusations, leveled by William Lloyd Garrison, that Douglass and Griffiths engaged in infidelity. Griffiths returned to England in 1855, where she continued to organize ladies' anti-slavery societies, write columns for Douglass's newspapers, and raise funds for the Rochester Ladies Anti-Slavery Sewing Society, later called the Rochester Ladies' Anti-Slavery and Freedmen's Aid Society. In 1859, she married Henry O. Crofts, a minister and former missionary in Canada. After her husband's death, Crofts ran a school for girls in St. Neots.

</doc>
<doc id="19824363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824363" title="CIDER International School">
CIDER International School

Techno-CIDER International School is an English medium school in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
History.
The school was established, in 1997, by a group of social activists. It was initially to be part of a larger movement, the Chittagong Institute for Development of Education and Research (CIDER).
Organisation.
CIDER, conducts its academic activities on its own campus. The school is coeducational, with approximately 1,000 students on its roll, studying up to A-Level.
Affiliations.
CIDER is affiliated to the University of Cambridge International Examinations. The school is also affiliated to the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Chittagong to endorse the National Curriculum in its streams.
Extracurricular activities.
The school won the national 2008 Aktel Debate Championship for English medium schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19824365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824365" title="List of action films of the 2000s">
List of action films of the 2000s

This is chronological list of action films originally released in the 2000s. Often there might be hybrid genres including, horror, comedy, and science fiction films; the list should attempt to document films which are more closely related to action, even if it bends genres.

</doc>
<doc id="19824370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824370" title="The Ball Street Journal">
The Ball Street Journal

The Ball Street Journal is the 10th studio album by rapper E-40. It was released on November 24, 2008. The first single from the album is "Wake It Up" featuring Akon, while the second is "Break Ya Ankles" featuring Shawty Lo. The album debuted at number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, with 50,000 copies in its first-week of sales, and has since sold over 450,000 copies.
The album features guest appearances by Shawty Lo, Turf Talk, The Game, Snoop Dogg, T-Pain, Rock City, Akon, Bun B, Gucci Mane, Ice-T, Too Short, Cousin Fik, Kevin Cossom, B-Legit, Bosko & Suga-T.
A photo shoot of the album appeared in an episode of the second season of "From G's to Gents".
"Got Rich Twice" featuring Turf Talk was released as a promo single on September 30, 2008, while "Poor Man's Hydraulics" was released as a promo single on October 28.

</doc>
<doc id="19824392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824392" title="Blerti Hajdari">
Blerti Hajdari

Blerti Hajdari (born 1 August 1990 in Tirana) is an Albanian football player. He currently plays for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga. His main position is striker but he can also play as an attacking midfielder and as a second striker.
Career.
Early career.
Hajdari started his career with Partizani Tirana at youth level at a young age. He played for the 17s and 19s sides for the club before transferring to KF Tirana in the summer of 2007. Following his move away from Partizani, Hajdari was put into the senior team straight away and began to train with the first team players. He was selected as a federated player for the 2007-2008 season for KF Tirana. However, despite being in the first team he was also selected for some KF Tirana U-19 matches in order to gain more experience at the club.
KF Tirana.
2007-2008.
He made his league debut for KF Tirana on 8 December 2007 against KS Skenderbeu Korce, Hajdari came on in the 63rd minute for the veteran Nevil Dede. His first league start of his career came on the final day of the season against KS Kastrioti Kruje. Hajdari played the full game in midfield. During the 2007-08 champaign he managed to feature in 4 games without scoring.
2008-2009.
Hajdari was part of a number of young players that were in the senior team ahead of the new season, all of them trying to impress new manager Blaž Slišković in order to gain a place in the senior team for the 2008-09 season. Hajdari was part of the lucky few that were picked by Slišković to feature in his team for the new season. His first game of the 2008-2009 season came on the opening day of the season against KS Vllaznia Shkoder. Hajdari came on in the 83rd minute for Migen Memelli. During the 2008-2009 season KF Tirana were crowned champions of Albania after a successful season, Hajdari was part of the success but played just 5 games during the entire season, including a start in a Tirana derby against Dinamo Tirana.
International career.
Albania U-17.
He was selected by coach Edmond Licaj to be tested for the Albanian U-17 team on 13 September 2006, whilst still playing for KF Partizani Tirana. He was selected by Licaj for the match against Finland in which Albania lost 4-1 in Finland. Hajdari was given the number 11 shirt and was picked in the starting eleven.
Albania U-21.
Blerti Hajdari was selected by coach Artan Bushati for the Albanian U-21 team for the match against Azerbaijan on 5 September 2009 in Durres. He was chosen as part of the 23 man squad along with fellow KF Tirana players Migen Metani, Ditmar Bicaj and Albania U-21 captain Erindo Karabeci.

</doc>
<doc id="19824395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824395" title="List of action films of the 1990s">
List of action films of the 1990s

This is chronological list of action films released in the 1990s. Often there may be considerable overlap particularly between action and other genres (including, horror, comedy, and science fiction films); the list should attempt to document films which are more closely related to action, even if it bends genres.

</doc>
<doc id="19824396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824396" title="James Washington (disambiguation)">
James Washington (disambiguation)

James Washington is a former American football safety for the UCLA Bruins and in the NFL.
James Washington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19824403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824403" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Cyprus">
Postage stamps and postal history of Cyprus

This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of Cyprus. The country's postal history is intricately linked to the island's political past.
Ottoman and Austrian postal services.
Postal services existed during the Venetian and Ottoman periods of occupation. Turkish stamps were used on mail from Nicosia from 1871 and stamps of the Austrian post offices in the Turkish empire were used at Larnaca from 1864.
The British administration.
The British administration of Cyprus began on 11 July 1878 and initially British stamps were used which may be identified by the numbered cancels used.
The first postage stamps marked Cyprus were British stamps overprinted CYPRUS from 1880.
The first postage stamps produced specifically for use in Cyprus, rather than being overprinted British stamps, were issued on 1 July 1881.
Postal stationery.
British postcards were first used in Cyprus from 1878, examples of such postcards used in Cyprus are very rare. In April 1880 Great Britain postcards overprinted CYPRUS were issued. Postcards with the name Cyprus in the design were first issued in July 1881. With changes in postage rates and the design different postcards continued to be made available to date.
As with postcards British registration envelopes were made available from July 1878, these were followed by Great Britain overprinted registration envelopes in April 1880 and in 1881 registration envelopes with the name Cyprus in the design were issued. In total over 150 different registration envelopes have been issued to date.
The first newspaper wrappers were Great Britain wrapper overprinted CYPRUS and issued in 1880. This wrapper is commonly found mint; only one complete used copy is known. In 1881 the island was supplied with newspaper wrappers with the word Cyprus in the design. Different designs continued to be produced until 1976, after which they were discontinued.
Pre-printed aerogrammes forms (or air letter as they were inscribed), with a 4½ piastre stamp affixed, were first made available in 1944. Aerogrammes with an imprinted stamp were first made available in 1946 and various designs have been produced since that date.
Modern stamps.
Since 1960, the Cyprus Postal Services have issued stamps in several series per year.
Modern stamps of Cyprus are issued by the Cyprus Postal Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19824412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824412" title="Sam Benedict">
Sam Benedict

Sam Benedict is an American legal drama that aired on NBC from September 1962 to March 1963. The series was created and executive produced by E. Jack Neuman.
"Sam Benedict" is based on real-life lawyer Jacob W. "Jake" Erlich, who served as technical consultant for the series. 
Synopsis.
The series starred Edmond O'Brien as flamboyant San Francisco attorney Sam Benedict. Richard Rust portrayed his 24-year-old associate, Hank Tabor. Joan Tompkins co-starred in all episodes as Trudy Wagner. Most episodes followed two story lines: first Benedict's case and then Tabor's. 
The series was modeled on the career of famous defense lawyer and author Jake Ehrlich, who served as a technical consultant to the program.
Guest stars.
Joseph Schildkraut received a best actor Emmy Award nomination for his guest role.
Reception and cancellation.
"Sam Benedict" faced competition from two variety programs: "The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show" on ABC (which was axed before "Sam Benedict") and the first season of "The Jackie Gleason Show" on CBS. 
In the 1963-1964 season, "Sam Benedict" was replaced at the 7:30 Eastern time slot on Saturdays by another MGM series about a trainee and his mentor: "The Lieutenant" starring Gary Lockwood and Robert Vaughn. Rebroadcasts of the series continued from April to September 7, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19824417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824417" title="List of action films of the 1980s">
List of action films of the 1980s

This is chronological list of action films released in the 1980s. Often there may be considerable overlap particularly between action and other genres (including, horror, comedy, and science fiction films); the list should attempt to document films which are more closely related to action, even if it bends genres.

</doc>
<doc id="19824420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824420" title="McNay Art Museum">
McNay Art Museum

The McNay Art Museum, founded in 1954 in San Antonio, is the first modern art museum in the U.S. State of Texas. The museum was created by Marion Koogler McNay's original bequest of most of her fortune, her important art collection and her 24-room Spanish Colonial Revival-style mansion that sits on that are landscaped with fountains, broad lawns and a Japanese-inspired garden and fishpond. 
McNay was an American painter and art teacher who inherited a substantial oil fortune upon the death of her father. The museum was named after her, and has been expanded to include galleries of medieval and Renaissance artwork and a larger collection of 20th-century European and American modernist work. 
The museum focuses primarily on 19th- and 20th-century European and American art by such artists as Paul Cézanne, Pablo Picasso, Paul Gauguin, Henri Matisse, Georgia O'Keeffe, Diego Rivera, Mary Cassatt, and Edward Hopper. The collection today consists of over 14,000 objects and is one of the finest collections of Contemporary Art and Sculpture in the Southwestern United States. The museum also is home to the Tobin Collection of Theater Arts, which is one of the premiere collections of its kind in the U.S., and a research library with over 30,000 volumes. More recently, the McNay Art Museum recently added the Stieren Center, built by internationally renowned architect Jean-Paul Viguier, to display their Modern collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19824426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824426" title="List of action films of the 1970s">
List of action films of the 1970s

This is chronological list of action films released in the 1970s. Often there may be considerable overlap particularly between action and other genres (including, horror, comedy, and science fiction films); the list should attempt to document films which are more closely related to action, even if it bends genres.

</doc>
<doc id="19824448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824448" title="List of action films before 1970">
List of action films before 1970

This is chronological list of action films released before the 1970s. Often there may be considerable overlap particularly between action and other genres (including, horror, comedy, and science fiction films); the list should attempt to document films which are more closely related to action, even if it bends genres.
Action films are generally considered a post-Classical Hollywood film genre. Additions to this category before the 1970s should be used sparingly and additions before the 1960s are not to be included. 

</doc>
<doc id="19824453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824453" title="Half-width">
Half-width

Half width
may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19824481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824481" title="Weightlifting at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 82.5 kg">
Weightlifting at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 82.5 kg

The men's light-heavyweight event was part of the weightlifting programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the second-heaviest contested, and allowed weightlifters of up to 82.5 kilograms (181.5 pounds). The competition was held on Wednesday, July 23, 1924.
Results.
One hand snatch
One hand clean & jerk
Press
Two hand snatch
Two hand clean & jerk
Final standing after the last event:

</doc>
<doc id="19824496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824496" title="Fornever">
Fornever

Fornever, stylized as For(N)ever, is the fourth studio album by American rock band Hoobastank, released in the US January 27, 2009 and was released in Australia June 26, 2009. "For(N)ever" peaked at number 26 on the "Billboard" 200, and at number 7 on "Billboard" Top Rock Albums in its first week.
The first single "My Turn" was released on October 14, 2008. "I Don't Think I Love You" is featured on "". "Sick of Hanging On" is featured on "PES 2010" soundtrack.
Pre-release.
In October 2007, Doug Robb posted on the official Hoobastank message boards and said that they have "Set the bar very very high for this next CD" and that they have "More ideas going into this CD than ever before".
On June 2, 2008 Robb posted an update on their temporary website, announcing that the recording process of their album was almost done and to expect a release date within a couple of weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19824516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824516" title="Tulane Environmental Law Clinic">
Tulane Environmental Law Clinic

The Tulane Environmental Law Clinic (TELC) is a legal clinic that Tulane Law School has operated since 1989 to offer law students the practical experience of representing real clients in actual legal proceedings under state and federal environmental laws.
Mission.
TELC's mission is to 1) train effective and ethical lawyers by guiding law students through actual client representation; 2) expand access to the legal system, especially for those who could not otherwise afford competent legal help on environmental issues; and 3) bolster community members’ capacity to participate effectively in environmental decisions.
TELC is part of Tulane University School of Law's environmental law program and has become one of Louisiana’s premier public interest legal services organizations, known especially for its work on environmental justice issues. On behalf of their clients, TELC students and supervising attorneys litigate environmental citizen suits to abate industrial pollution, appeal permits for environmental pollution or destruction of wetlands, challenge agency regulations that fall short of legislative mandates, and prod agencies to perform statutory duties. Louisiana state courts, and most federal courts in Louisiana, have adopted "student practice" rules that allow TELC students to appear and argue in court. 
The American Bar Association honored TELC as co-recipient of its first "Award for Distinguished Achievement in Environmental Law and Policy" in 2000. In 2010, the New Orleans chapter of the Federal Bar Association honored TELC with its Camille F. Gravel Jr. Pro Bono Award In addition, TELC was a runner up for the National Law Journal's Lawyer of the Year award in 1998.
Cases.
Attorney Suzanne S. Dickey has explained that TELC student attorneys have "handled cases involving all aspects of environmental law, including air pollution, conservation of natural resources, urban land use and siting of waste facilities." Some examples appear below.
Funding.
In addition to funding from Tulane Law School, TELC relies on donations by individuals, families and corporations, foundation grants, and attorney-fee recoveries.
Controversy.
Many of TELC’s cases involve large corporations or issues of community, statewide, or national concern. For this reason, TELC’s work on behalf of its clients can be controversial. John R. Kramer, the law school's dean at the time of TELC's inception, publicly defended TELC's work when it frustrated Louisiana chemical and oil companies during his tenure through 1996.
Largely as a result of these events, the Times-Picayune has described TELC as the bane of former Governor Mike Foster and business groups. Even after EPA’s objection to the polyvinyl chloride plant, however, Governor Foster met cordially with a TELC student attorney on Clean Water Act issues in January 2003.
Today, TELC tries to defuse and manage controversy by stressing the duty of all lawyers to expand access to the legal system and to see that justice is not denied to “people who are unable to afford legal services or whose cause is controversial or the subject of popular disapproval.” Under the Rules of Professional Conduct that govern Louisiana's legal profession, representing a client “does not constitute an endorsement of the client’s political, economic, social or moral views or activities.” TELC’s role is not to advance an independent environmentalist agenda, but to provide its clients with the first-rate, professional representation to which they are entitled. Former Tulane Law School Dean Lawrence Ponoroff explained, “The clinic is neither anti-business nor pro-business ... It is in the business of representing clients with legitimate claims under the law.”

</doc>
<doc id="19824547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824547" title="Black Inches">
Black Inches

Black Inches () was a US-based gay pornographic magazine featuring African-American men. Published by Mavety Media alongside magazines such as "Mandate", it was established in 1993 and folded in 2009.
Features.
The photos appearing in the magazine had various sources; some are obtained from companies that produce gay pornographic films (although most layouts depict individual men, rather than simulated "action" scenes). Photographers whose work appeared in "Black Inches" include Anneli Adolfsson, Ken Kavanagh, Brian Lantelme, and Abednego (formerly associated with Mansurf.com). The magazine also carried film reviews, erotic stories, cartoons, and advertisements.
"Black Inches" in gay culture.
D. J. Murphy's "Sons Like Me" starts with a reference to "Black Inches" in its first lines:
"What the hell is this, Travis?" My mom yelled as she held the "Black Inches" porno magazine in her hand.
Other novels that mention the magazine include John Weir's "What I Did Wrong" and Jim Norton's "Happy Ending".
"Black Inches" featured every major gay black porn star in photo shoots and interviews, from Bobby Blake and Tyson Cane to Tiger Tyson, J. C. Carter, and T-Malone. Bobby Blake writes of his relationship with the magazine, ""Black Inches" was always very supportive of me. They reviewed every film I made, did photo-shoots, interviewed me, and gave me my own column."

</doc>
<doc id="19824558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824558" title="Final Resolution (December 2008)">
Final Resolution (December 2008)

Final Resolution (December 2008) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), which took place on December 7, 2008 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth event under the Final Resolution chronology and second Final Resolution event to take place in 2008. Final Resolution is usually held in the month of January, however, TNA moved the event to December in early October 2008. As a result of TNA's decision, two Final Resolution events took place in 2008; the other was in January.
Storylines.
Final Resolution featured seven professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19824572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824572" title="Rhino Foods">
Rhino Foods

Rhino Foods Incorporated, founded in 1981 by Anne and Ted Castle, is a specialty ice cream novelty and ice cream ingredient manufacturer located in Burlington, Vermont, United States. Rhino Foods has grown from a small ice cream shop, Chessy's Frozen Custard, into a business with over 120 employees. The company is best known locally for their ice cream sandwich, the Chesster. In 1991, the company worked with Ben & Jerry's to develop the first cookie dough for use in ice cream. The company produces cookie dough and other pieces for most major brands in the ice cream industry. The company also co-packs ice cream cookie sandwiches for national and international companies.
Employee Exchange program.
Rhino Foods' operates the Employee Exchange Program (EEP) as a way to manage seasonal staffing demands to the benefit of employees and the company. The company sent 15 factory workers as temporary staff to the lip balm manufacturer Autumn Harp for a week to deal with the holiday rush.
The Employee Exchange Program was developed in 1993 when a group of Rhino employees held brainstorming sessions on how to respond to a drop in staffing needs during the winter months.
Ted Castle.
Ted Castle is the founder, owner, and CEO of Rhino Foods. He is a former All American hockey player at the University of Vermont from the 1970s. He coached in Vermont as well as Maine and played professionally in Italy and Sweden. He is also known for his activism with child abuse prevention, Shelburne Farms, The United Way, and Vermont Special Olympics.
The Vermont Businesses for Social Responsibility (VBSR) presented Castle with the 2009 Terry Ehrich Award for Socially Responsible Business Practices. He has been an advocate of the hiring and retention of refugees, and developed a Wellness and Health Awareness Team with the United Way, known as HELP (Helping Employees Live Productively). He adopted open book management in the early days of the company to provide financial information and share company priorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19824573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824573" title="The Girlfriend Experience">
The Girlfriend Experience

The Girlfriend Experience is a 2009 experimental drama film shot in New York City. It is directed by Steven Soderbergh and stars then-active porn star Sasha Grey. A rough cut was screened at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2009. The film has also been made available on Amazon Video on Demand as a pre-theatrical rental. Soderbergh mentioned Michelangelo Antonioni's "Red Desert" and Ingmar Bergman's "Cries and Whispers" as influences. The film is also notable because it was produced for $1.3 million and was shot with a relatively inexpensive Red One camera.
Plot.
A drama set in the days leading up to the 2008 Presidential election, and centered on a high-end Manhattan call girl meeting the challenges of her boyfriend, her clients, and her work.
Chelsea (real name Christine) is a New York escort who specializes in offering the girlfriend experience. She finds that lately her clients are spending less and less on her services, and are troubled by the financial crisis, a topic they raise frequently in her company. She is also interviewed by a journalist, who quizzes her about her work and personal life. She goes from client to client performing her services.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received a 64% on the critical summation site Rotten Tomatoes with a consensus of ""Steven Soderbergh's latest lo-fi production is strikingly crafted but emotionally vague.""
Roger Ebert rated the film four out of four stars, saying "This film is true about human nature. It clearly sees needs and desires. It is not universal, but within its particular focus, it is unrelenting." 
On the opposite end of the spectrum, Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" awarded the film 1 star out of 4, saying "Time for another of Steven Soderbergh's 'experimental,' i.e., half-assed, films." David Edelstein of "New York Magazine" complained that, "Most of the dialogue is listless, and no matter how much Soderbergh snips and stitches, the movie is a corpse with twitching limbs." Luke Davies, critic for "The Monthly", wrote that the film is "disposable and pretentious" and "is shot sombrely and austerely, in a style that might be described as 'vacuous chic'" and concluded that "as a film in which a porn star's presence is a fundamental marketing hook, it is masturbation."

</doc>
<doc id="19824581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824581" title="Holler (Ginuwine song)">
Holler (Ginuwine song)

 "Holler" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was the sixth and final single released from "Ginuwine...the Bachelor". It became a UK top 15 hit.
Single track listing.
 CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19824598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824598" title="Pantotheria">
Pantotheria

Pantotheria is an abandoned taxon of Mesozoic mammals. This group is now considered an informal "wastebasket" taxon and has been replaced by Dryolestida as well as other groups. It is sometimes treated as an infraclass and older books refer to it as being related to symmetrodonts.

</doc>
<doc id="19824606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824606" title="Avner Less">
Avner Less

Avner Werner Less (18 December 1916 – 7 January 1987) was a German-born Israeli police officer, best known for interrogating former German SS officer Adolf Eichmann after he was captured by Mossad agents in Argentina and brought to Israel to stand trial.
Life and career.
Less was born in Berlin, Germany in 1916. He attended the Upper Forest School in Charlottenburg. In 1933, after the Nazis assumed power, he emigrated to France, where he continued his agricultural studies.
In 1938, he emigrated to Mandate Palestine, and during his first years there, worked on orange plantations. From 1941 to 1948, he was a police officer in Haifa and price checker for the local district. After Israeli independence in 1948, he became head of the Import-Export Section of the Ministry of Industry and Trade, and was Deputy-Director of the Legal Department for price control in the Haifa district. In 1951, he joined the Israel Police, and worked in the Department of Economic Crimes. From 1954 to 1968, he served in the Israeli foreign service as an attaché in New York City and Paris, as permanent representative of Israel to the annual conference of the UN Drug Commission in Geneva, and as a representative of Israel at Interpol.
In 1968, he moved to Switzerland, and until 1971 was a member of the "Banque de Crédit International Genève". In 1972, he became head of internal security for "Bank Robinson AG" in Basel. From 1976 to 1979, he worked at the Company for Bank Revisions in Basel, and in 1979, he was employed by "Neutra Treuhand AG" as internal controller.
Less died in Zürich in 1987, at age 70.
Eichmann interrogation.
Less is known for having interrogated former German SS officer Adolf Eichmann, who was captured by Mossad agents in Argentina in 1960 and brought to Israel to stand trial. From 1960 to 1961, Less served as Eichmann's interrogator, questioning him was multiple times, for a total of 275 hours. Extracts from the interrogation of Eichmann by Less have been published in the 1983 book "Eichmann Interrogated".

</doc>
<doc id="19824615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824615" title="1999 New York Liberty season">
1999 New York Liberty season

The 1999 WNBA season was the 3rd season for the New York Liberty. The Liberty hosted the first WNBA All-Star Game.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19824616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824616" title="Bevo LeBourveau">
Bevo LeBourveau

DeWitt Wiley "Bevo" LeBourveau (August 24, 1896 – December 10, 1947) was an American professional baseball player, an outfielder who appeared in 280 Major League games played and 1,584 contests in minor league baseball over 17 seasons (1918–1934). Born in Dana, California, LeBourveau attended Santa Clara University. He stood tall, weighed , batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
LeBourveau compiled a lofty .349 lifetime batting average in the minors, leading the top-level American Association twice in hitting as a member of the Toledo Mud Hens, in 1926 (.377) and 1930 (.380). Each season he exceeded 100 runs batted in — the only times he passed the century mark in RBI during his career.
As a Major Leaguer, he played in 268 games over four years (1919–1922) with the Philadelphia Phillies, then a dozen more games in a 1929 trial with the city's American League club, the Athletics of Connie Mack. In 788 at bats, he collected 217 hits, including 27 doubles and 11 triples as well as 11 home runs. In the minors, his 2,315 hits included 120 home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19824622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824622" title="Drive-by (disambiguation)">
Drive-by (disambiguation)

A drive-by is a form of hit-and-run tactic, a personal attack carried out by an individual or individuals from a moving vehicle.
Drive-by may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19824627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824627" title="Anubis Gate">
Anubis Gate

Anubis Gate is a heavy/progressive/power metal band from Denmark. Despite having formed Anubis Gate only in 2003, the members regularly worked together since 1984. They have released five studio albums, and their most recent release is 2013's free download EP "Sheep". Their sixth album "Horizons" is due for release on April 15, 2014.
History.
The band released their first album in 2004, but their history can be traced back to 1984, with bassist Jesper M. Jensen and Henrik Fevre as guitarist and vocalist forming V-AXE. The group changed their name to Graff Spee, and the line-up was completed with drummer Per M. Jensen (ex-Invocator/ex-The Haunted). Gaining some reputation in the local circles, Graff Spee released a few demos, but eventually split up in 1986 "due to creative differences".
Jesper and Per went on to form heavy metal band Extreme Feedback in 1987, recruiting Morten Sørensen as vocalist and Kim Olesen as guitarist. In 1989 both Jesper and Per moved to Esbjerg to join Jacob Hansen's Invocator, releasing a couple of demos and also a full length album "Excursion Demise" in 1991, before Jesper split and moved back to Aalborg. In the early 90's Jesper joined Sørensen (now on drums) in rap-metal act Geronimo, and released an EP in 1995 before the group was disbanded. These two musicians kept in contact however, and began to write new material together in a melodic power metal style.
After releasing an instrumental demo under the name of Seven Powers one more band member was recruited; Torben Askholm (previously in Prophets Of Doom and Northern Empire) joined as vocalist and the recording of a demo which eventually became the backbone of their debut album began. Thus "Purification" was produced during 2003 and released April 26, 2004. The album aroused a great deal of interest and delight with the press and the audience, and soon both Kim Olesen and Henrik Fevre (who had guested on their debut as both writers and musicians) were made permanent members to solidify the line-up for the next album. "A Perfect Forever" was released on September 19, 2005. Few months before the band's first gig at Prog Power Europe Askholm quit the band, and Fevre took over vocal dutites for a couple of gigs. Eventually Jacob Hansen, the old friend from Invocator and also producer of the first two albums was chosen as the new singer, and the third album "Andromeda Unchained" came out August 14, 2007. The album saw the band changing from the early power metal to include more prog metal elements. It was nominated for best production, best album and best artwork at Danish Metal Awards 2008 and won the latter. 
The year 2008 saw Anubis Gate writing their most ambitious work, the concept album "The Detached" upon a synopsis by Martin Rauff. It was released March 30, 2009 and also nominated for three Danish Metal Awards (Best album, Best cover artwork and best production) at the show of 2010. It won for Best Production - made by Kim Olesen & Jacob Hansen. It also marked the end of Anubis Gate’s obligations with label Locomotive Music.
Fifth Album and Jacob Hansen's Departure.
Several other companies showed interest as the band in 2010 embarked on writing material for their fifth album, which was scheduled for release in the fall of 2011. In fact most of the songs were already finished when Jacob Hansen announced his surprising departure from the band. Luckily Anubis Gate had a replacement within the band; bassplayer Henrik Fevre, who did backing vocals and the occasional lead on recent albums. Demos of the new material, produced by Kim Olesen secured the band a record deal in March 2011 with Minnesota-based Nightmare Records. The self-titled album was released September 13, 2011 and for the first time in the band's history it was accompanied by a single and a video for "Golden days". http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ravGcKto3I. 
Anubis Gate concerts have always been rare. But 2012 saw the band returning to Prog Power Europe, this time as co-headliners. It also marked the departure of founding member Jesper M. Jensen, who was replaced by Michael Bodin (Third Eye). Few months later the other founding member, drummer Morten Sørensen also left the band. He is now replaced by Morten Gade Sørensen (Pyramaze, Wuthering heights). 
On October 31, 2013 the new 4-piece released a free download EP called "Sheep" consisting of the original "Destined to remember" from the forthcoming 6th album, "Horizons" due for release on April 15, 2014 and two covers: The Pink Floyd classic "Sheep" and Mr. Misters "Broken wings". Free download here: http://nightmarerecords.com/online-store/anubis-gate-free-ep-mp3
The band is booked to play the Rock Harvest III festival in Baltimore, USA, October 30th 2014.
Musically, several groups like Queensrÿche, Iron Maiden, Lord Bane, Tad Morose, Iced Earth, Crimson Glory, Fates Warning, King Crimson, Genesis and Savatage were once credited by the record label Locomotive as influential sources of inspiration for Anubis Gate.
Discography.
Studio albums
EPs/singles (download only)

</doc>
<doc id="19824634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824634" title="Beauty McGowan">
Beauty McGowan

Frank Bernard "Beauty" McGowan (November 8, 1901 – May 6, 1982) was an American professional baseball player, an outfielder who appeared in 375 games over five widely-dispersed seasons (1922–1923; 1928–1929; 1937) in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics, St. Louis Browns and Boston Bees. The native of Branford, Connecticut, threw right-handed, batted left-handed, stood and weighed .
McGowan spent the intervening seasons as a stalwart in minor league baseball. He played all or parts of 13 seasons in the top-level International League — largely with the minor league edition of the Baltimore Orioles, but also with the Newark Bears and Buffalo Bisons — and was a member of the inaugural class (1947) of the International League Hall of Fame. McGowan was a slugger in the minors, once hitting 37 home runs for the Orioles. In the Majors, his 316 hits included only six homers, although he hit 58 doubles and 16 triples.
After retiring from the field, he became a long-time scout for the Baltimore Orioles of the American League, the former St. Louis Browns franchise. He died in Hamden, Connecticut, at age 80. 

</doc>
<doc id="19824648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824648" title="Alternative to Sleep">
Alternative to Sleep

The Alternative is an Irish radio show broadcast daily on RTÉ 2XM and weeknights on RTÉ 2fm. Presented by Dan Hegarty, it is broadcast from 11:00 - 13:00 on 2XM and 23:00 - 01:00 on 2fm. It replaced its forerunner, The Alternative to Sleep in March 2012 and is broadcast in the same time-slot on 2fm. Hegarty plays a varied selection of alternatively genred independent and classic music, sometimes with live music from festivals and events. Recent interviews conducted by the presenter include Jape and Joan As Policewoman. Hegarty is known for championing such acts as Buck 65, God Is an Astronaut, Saul Williams and Giveamanakick. He has been nominated at the Meteor Music Awards on a number of occasions, including in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19824656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824656" title="Luther Harvel">
Luther Harvel

Luther Raymond Harvel (September 30, 1905 – April 10, 1986), nicknamed "Red," was an American professional baseball player, scout and manager. The native of Cambria, Illinois, spent almost 50 years in baseball, his career stretching from 1926 into the 1970s. A centerfielder during his active career, he threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He appeared in 40 games in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians.
During his 1928 MLB stint — all but one game of which occurred in August and September of that season — Harvel collected 30 hits in 136 at bats, with six doubles and one triple.

</doc>
<doc id="19824667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824667" title="Borrón y Cuenta Nueva">
Borrón y Cuenta Nueva

Borrón y Cuenta Nueva (Eng.: "Start from Scratch") is the title of a studio album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their third number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard and Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19824684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824684" title="In the Bleachers">
In the Bleachers

In the Bleachers is a comic that comments on, and lampoons, sports. It was created in 1985 by cartoonist Steve Moore and is syndicated internationally by Universal Press Syndicate.
The single-panel cartoon appears in about 200 newspapers worldwide. Moore got the idea for "In the Bleachers" while working as sports editor at the Maui News. The comic was launched in 1985 shortly after Moore was hired as an editor at the Los Angeles Times. "In the Bleachers" has been published in 6 book collections, including "The Best of In the Bleachers" by Warner Books.
In 2006, Sony Pictures Animation released the movie "Open Season" based on "In the Bleachers" hunting-related cartoons. Moore was Executive Producer along with partner and producer John Carls. The movie grossed nearly $200 million worldwide. There were also sequels called "Open Season 2" and "Open Season 3".
In 2003, Moore and Carls produced with Walt Disney Television Animation 26 animated "In the Bleachers" shorts, which aired on ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="19824699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824699" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1781">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1781

Security Council Resolution 1781 was a United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolution unanimously passed at the 5759th meeting of the UNSC. The resolution extended the mandate of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG), which was to expire 15 October 2007, the day of the vote, until 15 April 2008. Furthermore, it "strongly urges all parties to consider and address seriously each other’s legitimate security concerns, to refrain from any acts of violence and provocation, including political action or rhetoric, and to comply fully with previous agreements regarding ceasefire and non-use of violence."

</doc>
<doc id="19824726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824726" title="Nemesis (Xena and Hercules)">
Nemesis (Xena and Hercules)

Nemesis () was a character in Greek mythology. She was also a recurring character in the 1995-1999 television series .
Mythological background.
In mythology, Nemesis was the Greek goddess of retributive justice or vengeance. She acts as the executioner for the twelve Olympian Gods, dealing out justice on those mortals who became too proud in their ways or in some way anger the Gods. Hera gave her this job because she, along with her father, sided with the Titans in Zeus's war to overthrow his father in a struggle for power.
On television.
In the television series, Nemesis and Hercules were childhood friends and sweethearts and were shown as being married in the Season Two episode, "The Fire Down Below". Nemesis helped Hercules save Iolaus from Hera's wrath in Season One's episode "Pride Comes Before a Brawl". In Season Four's episode, "Two Men and a Baby", Nemesis enlists the help of Hercules to protect her child, Evander, from his father. Evander was conceived after Ares promised Nemesis he would restore her to Godhood if she produced an heir for him.
Actresses who have portrayed Nemesis.
In Hercules Legendary Journeys:

</doc>
<doc id="19824735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824735" title="Mike Southon (cinematographer)">
Mike Southon (cinematographer)

Mike Southon BSC is a British cinematographer. He is a past President of the British Society of Cinematographers. As well as films, he has shot over 250 music videos and 200 television commercials.
External links.
www.mikesouthon.biz

</doc>
<doc id="19824749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824749" title="Peter Hodgson">
Peter Hodgson

Peter Hodgson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19824750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824750" title="1988 Ireland rugby union tour of France">
1988 Ireland rugby union tour of France


</doc>
<doc id="19824777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824777" title="2007 Indonesia National Badminton Championship">
2007 Indonesia National Badminton Championship

The 2007 Indonesia National Badminton Championships were held in Surakarta from November 13 to November 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19824784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824784" title="Plain clothes">
Plain clothes

Plain clothes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19824817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824817" title="Mali Bošnjak">
Mali Bošnjak

Mali Bošnjak (, meaning ""Little Bosnian"") is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 300 in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19824844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824844" title="2009 Indonesia National Badminton Championship">
2009 Indonesia National Badminton Championship

The 2009 Indonesia National Badminton Championships were held due to schedule difficulties finally in January 2010 in Surabaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19824881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824881" title="The Storm (Karnataka album)">
The Storm (Karnataka album)

The Storm is the second studio album by progressive rock band Karnataka, released by Immrama Records in 2000.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by R. Jones, all music written by J. Edwards, I.Jones, and R. Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19824899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824899" title="Judith Orloff">
Judith Orloff

Judith Orloff (born June 25, 1951) is an American board-certified psychiatrist who incorporates energy medicine and what she calls "energy psychiatry" into her practice.
She is an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at UCLA and has a private practice in Los Angeles. She holds workshops and speaking engagements, blogs for several websites, and is the author of four books.
Biography.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, daughter of Theodore and Maxine, both physicians, Orloff grew up in Beverly Hills, where she claims to have had her first psychic premonitions, foreseeing illnesses, deaths, and earthquakes. Coming from a lineage of 25 physicians, Orloff received her MD from the University of Southern California in 1979. She completed a medical internship at Wadsworth Veteran's Hospital in Los Angeles in 1980, and held a psychiatric residency at UCLA's Neuropsychiatric Institute from 1979 to 1983. She also held staff positions at hospitals in the Los Angeles area (Cedars Sinai Medical Center, St Johns Medical Center, the Daniel Freeman Hospital, and Brotman Medical Center).
She has taken part in psychical research projects with Thelma Moss, Mobius Group and the Institute of Noetic Sciences, and is a member of the American Psychiatric Association and the Southern California Psychiatric Society.
Orloff is an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at UCLA, has had a private practice in Los Angeles since 1983, and leads workshops on the relationships between medicine, intuition, and spirituality.
Psychotherapy practice.
In a review of Orloff's first book "Second Sight" (1996), Publishers Weekly said "Orloff's unconventional attempt to bridge the worlds of Freud and the paranormal will appeal to open-minded readers." The review also reported that she worked with police departments using her psychic abilities. Orloff calls her ability "second sight", and she coined the term "energy psychiatry" to describe her novel psychotherapy model.
Orloff has spoken at medical schools, hospitals, the American Psychiatric Association, "Fortune" magazine's Most Powerful Women Summit; and at alternative and traditional health forums such as National Alliance for the Mentally Ill in Los Angeles, Columbia Presbyterian Hospital Medical Center in New York, the UCLA Pediatric Pain Program in Los Angeles, and the Maria Shriver's First Lady's Women's Conference also in Los Angeles.
Orloff has contributed videos and articles to television psychic John Edward's website "John Edward Presents Infinite Quest", and she has a regular blog on "The Huffington Post".

</doc>
<doc id="19824900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824900" title="Fruitland High School">
Fruitland High School

Fruitland High School is a four-year public secondary school in Fruitland, Idaho, the only traditional high school in Fruitland School District #373. One of three high schools in Payette County, it had an enrollment of 494 in the 2011-2012 school year.
Athletics.
Fruitland competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 3A in the Snake River Valley Conference with Homedale, Parma, Payette, and Weiser.

</doc>
<doc id="19824902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824902" title="Cladotheria">
Cladotheria

Cladotheria is a group (legion) of mammals that is defined as including the ancestor of Dryolestoidea, Peramuridae and Zatheria (living Therians plus all of its descendants).
Further reading.
Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska, Richard L. Cifelli, and Zhe-Xi Luo, "Mammals from the Age of Dinosaurs: Origins, Evolution, and Structure" (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), 14, 531.

</doc>
<doc id="19824990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19824990" title="MDNA">
MDNA

MDNA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19825009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825009" title="Leanne Marshall">
Leanne Marshall

Leanne Marshall (born October 10, 1980 in Yuba City, California) is a fashion designer in Portland, Oregon. She was the winner of season 5 of "Project Runway".
Marshall is a graduate of The Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising in San Francisco and a recipient of their Levi’s Dockers Fashion Designer of Tomorrow award.
Project Runway.
Leanne Marshall and Wesley Nault were the bottom two design contestants in Episode 2 of Project Runway, "The Grass Is Always Greener". In Episode 3, "Bright Lights, Big City", Marshall was among the top three design contestants. She maintained a good stride throughout the rest of the competition, consecutively winning two challenges: "Fashion that Drives You" and "Double 0 Fashion".
Marshall was chosen as one of the final top three design contestants and designed a wave-inspired collection for the final competition. Her collection was judged against collections by Kenley Collins with some of Collins' personally hand-painted fabrics, and Korto Momolu with Momolu's hints of African inspiration. Leanne Marshall's feminine waves captured the judges and she became the winner of Season 5.
Design career.
Marshall began her runway fashion career in 2006 and 2007 at Portland Fashion Week in Portland, Oregon. After a year and a half of hard work developing the line, Leanne's popularity grew and so did her sales. In mid 2007, she was able to leave her money job behind and make the leap into designing her own label full-time. 
In 2008, Leanne was selected as a contestant for Season 5 of Project Runway. She made it all the way to the finale where she showed her wave inspired collection in shades of turquoise, ivory and sand. She was crowned the winner.
Marshall created an eco-friendly line for bluefly.com that debuted in July 2009. At that same time, she also designed a maternity dress for Heidi Klum.
Fresh after her Project Runway win, Leanne relocated to New York City where she continued to develop her line. Her collections have shown at New York Fashion Week and fashion weeks around the globe every year since 2008. Leanne has designed clothing for television, editorial and her favorite client, the real woman. Her work has been seen on Paula Abdul and the X Factor. Her dresses and gowns have graced the pages of Martha Stewart Weddings, US Weekly, The Post, TV Guide, The New York Times, People, Elle, LIFE, National Geographic, Lucky and countless others. She is proud to have designed high fashion patterns for Simplicity Pattern Company.
After years of designing custom bridal gowns, Leanne officially launched her signature bridal line in 2011. The designs are known for their light, flowing lines, feminine details and timeless elegance. Each dress is handcrafted in the USA. The Leanne Marshall Brand is a staple for the bride who wants a dress that will showcase, not overshadow, her beauty. The bridal collection is carried in over 18 boutiques internationally and online. In 2014, she released an exclusive selection of dresses with BHLDN.
Her design studio and flagship showroom is located in New York City's Fashion District.
External links.
Website

</doc>
<doc id="19825019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825019" title="Stanbury Cottage">
Stanbury Cottage

Stanbury Cottage is a historic building at 232 St. George Street in St. Augustine, Florida. It is part of the St. Augustine Town Plan Historic District. On October 8, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19825029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825029" title="Hernán Salazar">
Hernán Salazar

Hernán Matías Salazar (born 2 May 1990 in Isidro Casanova) is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Argentinos Juniors.
Career.
Salazar made his professional debut in a 1-1 draw with Gimnasia de Jujuy on September 20, 2008. In 2010 he was a non-playing member of the squad that won the Clausura 2010 championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19825051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825051" title="William de Ferrers School">
William de Ferrers School

William de Ferrers School is a Co-educational British secondary school in the town of South Woodham Ferrers, in the English county of Essex. It is an academy school and has 1,902 pupils on roll, aged between 11 and 18.
It is a high performing specialist school has been awarded specialist sports, maths and computing college status. In 2011, it won the BBC Essex best sports school award.
The present Headmaster is Mr Neal McGowan who is the school’s third Headmaster since the school was built in 1982. Before Mr McGowan the school had been overseen by Mr Russell Ayling and Mr Dennis Parry - the original headmaster who helped found the school. William de Ferrers
Accommodation.
The School has houses that are purpose-built that opened 1982, which has been upgarded over the years. The school houses have been built to look traditional in order to blend in with the residential and commercial buildings in the town that have been also built to look characterful and old. The newest addition to the school to date is the new Sixth Form Block which was completed in 2011 and officially opened in September 2011 by important guests including the mayor and mayoress of Chelmsford.
Extracurricular Activities.
The school has been praised for providing several extracurricular activities by Ofsted saying "Provision is greatly enhanced by extra-curricular activities, especially in sport. A major success through excellent care, guidance and support systems"
The school prides itself for providing a number of Extracurricular activities for all its students from years 7-13. Activities range from the Duke of Edinburgh Award,Sports, music, dance and drama. The school also offers a number of trips away both in the Uk and within Europe with more recently trips to South America and Iceland being organised.

</doc>
<doc id="19825080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825080" title="The Storyman">
The Storyman

The Storyman is singer Chris de Burgh's 16th original album, released in 2006. The album is a collection of songs with accompanying stories.
Track listing.
All compositions by de Burgh.

</doc>
<doc id="19825095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825095" title="Pet Sematary (disambiguation)">
Pet Sematary (disambiguation)

Pet Sematary may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19825106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825106" title="Indonesia Now">
Indonesia Now

Indonesia Now is a weekly programme broadcast by Metro TV, read in English language, and broadcast by all television stations around the world. "Indonesia Now" is the first international programme from Indonesia, first aired on September 1, 2006 to explain Indonesian news or Asian news. It also broadcast since August 11, 2007, at 7:00 a.m. WIB (every Saturday) and 1:00 p.m. WIB (every Sunday), with its host, Kania Sutisnawinata and Dalton Tanonaka.
'Indonesia Now with Duncan Graham' is a regularly updated independent (no connection with Metro TV) current affairs Blog started in 2005 that seeks to improve understanding of Indonesia and Indonesians. Written from a Western perspective by an Australian journalist. 
Website =http://www.indonesianow.blogspot.com

</doc>
<doc id="19825133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825133" title="Saint-Pourçain">
Saint-Pourçain

Saint-Pourçain may refer to several communes in France:
It may also refer to an "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" for wine:
and to an "Appellation d'origine protégée" for cheese.

</doc>
<doc id="19825148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825148" title="Mayo South">
Mayo South

Mayo South or South Mayo may refer to one of two parliamentary constituencies in County Mayo, Ireland:

</doc>
<doc id="19825159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825159" title="USS W. F. Babcock (ID-1239)">
USS W. F. Babcock (ID-1239)

USS "W. F. Babcock" (ID-1239) was a collier that served in the United States Navy from 1917-1919.
"W. F. Babcock" was a wooden-hulled, schooner-rigged barge launched in 1882 at Bath, Maine by A. Sewall and Company. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy from the Luckenbach Steamship Company on 18 October 1917 for service in World War I. Given Id. No. 1239 and commissioned on 8 November 1917, "W. F. Babcock" operated as a collier at the 5th Naval District until 8 August 1918, when she was assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS). Plying the United States East Coast between New England and Norfolk, Virginia. "W. F. Babcock" served as a coastwise collier through the end of World War I. Reassigned to the 1st Naval District on 15 August 1919, she was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 20 November and simultaneously sold to Reinhard and Hall. Her name disappeared from the shipping registers about that time. Sailing in the Golden Gate it appears on the 20 cent postage stamp issued in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19825180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825180" title="Shah Nimatullah Wali">
Shah Nimatullah Wali

Shāh Nimatullāh or Shāh Ni'matullāh Wali (1330–1431) ( "Shāh Ni'matullāh-i Valī"), also spelled as "Ne'matollah", "Ni'matallah" and "Ni'mat Allāh", was a Sufi Master and poet from the 14th and 15th centuries. Today the Sufi order Nimatullahi considers him its founder.
Biography.
Born in Aleppo, Syria, Ni’mattullah traced his own descent from the seventh Imam musa kazim a.s , in both a poetic work as well as an epistle reproduced by his biographers ‘Abd al-Razzāq Kirmānī and ‘Abd al-‘Azīz Wā’iẓ. Ni'matullah travelled widely through the Muslim world, learning the philosophies of many masters, but not finding a personal teacher he could dedicate himself to. Ni'matullah studied the writings of the great Sufi philosopher and mystic Ibn ʿArabī.
Ni'matullah met Abdollah Yafe'i in Mecca and subsequently became his disciple. He studied intensely with his teacher for seven years. Spiritually transformed, he was sent out for a second round of travels; this time as a realized teacher.
Ni'matullah temporarily resided near Samarkand, along the great Central Asian Silk Road. It was here that he met the conqueror Tamerlane, but in order to avoid conflict with the worldly ruler; Ni'matullah soon left and eventually settled in the Baloch region of Kerman. His shrine is in nearby Mahan.
By the time Ni'matullah died, his fame had spread throughout Persia and India, (Though his presence is not much noted in India) and it is said he initiated hundreds of thousands of followers in the path now known by his name.
Ni'matullah's son Shah Khalilullah was the next "qutb" (master) of the Nimatullahi order. On the invitation of Sultan Ahmed Shah Al Wali Bahamani Of Bidar Sultanate Deccan to Shah Nimatullah Wali, he replied "I am 104 yrs old, I can not come, I am sending my son Shah Khalilullah " to Deccan (around 1430 C.E).
The "silsilah" (spiritual lineage) of the Nimatulli then moved to Ashtoor outside Bidar in the Deccan. Before Shah his brother Shah Nasrullah came to Bidar and was later married to the Sultan's daughter. The place where the Sultan received Shah is now Khalilabad outside Bidar. The Sultan saw Shah in his dream and wished that the saint come to Bidar. This dream according to many history books was realized, as when he received Shah he told his counsels, "If this is the same person I saw in my dream he should be carrying an octagon -shaped head cap”, and hence he was satisfied when Shah Khalilullah presented him with the cap. Today, even the Tomb of Shah is octagonal.
The Tomb of Shah Khalilullah.
Shah Khalilullah's tomb is located outside Bidar fort and known as "chokundi". Today it is under the authority of the Archaeological Survey of India. Shah Khalilullah was succeeded by numerous other qutbs (masters) including Shah Mir Mahmud Deccani, Shams al Din Deccani and Reza Ali Shah Deccani. The silsilah moved back to Iran after the Sufi master Reza Ali Shah Deccani’s ordered his disciple Ali Shah Deccani in the year 1194 AH, nearing the end of Karim Khan Zand’s dynasty to depart to Iran with his family and entered Shiraz. Not long after the establishment of the Safawid Shi’i state, the Ni’matullahi order publically declared itself Shi'i.
Poetry.
Shah N'imatullah Wali left a Persian Language Diwan (poetry). A famous poem or "Ode", attributed to Shah Nimatullah Wali, with the rhyme "Mey Beenum", has been published by Shah Ismail Shaheed in his book "Arbaeen-fi-Ahwaal-al-Mahdiyyeen" (1851)
Shrine.
His shrine is in Mahan, Iran. For more information see: Shah Nematollah Vali Shrine
External links.
[http://www.sufism.ir/books/download/english/sufipath.pdf]
[http://www.sufism.ir/mainsite-en.php]
[http://www.erfan-gonabadi.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="19825188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825188" title="Railway stations in Zimbabwe">
Railway stations in Zimbabwe

Railway stations in Zimbabwe include:
Town served.
Existing.
Harare-Gaborone main line:
Beira Corridor
Gweru-Maputo railway
Beitbridge Bulawayo Railway
Lowveld Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19825202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825202" title="Martin Mathias Secor">
Martin Mathias Secor

Martin Mathias Secor (February 4, 1841 – January 5, 1911) was founder and proprietor of the Northwestern Trunk and Traveling Bag Manufactory (est. 1861); and M. M. Secor Trunk Company (est. 1877), in Racine, Wisconsin. He was also elected mayor of Racine for two terms in the years 1884 and 1888.
Early years.
Martin M. Secor was born near Prague to Mathias (1807–1887) and Josephine (Beider) (1813–1889) Secor, in the town of Strakonitz, Austria; although some sources claim that he was born in Bohemia, but biographical records propose his birth in Austria. At age 10, he and his family immigrated to Racine, Wisconsin. The journey there was arduous; the Secor family having spent almost seven weeks sailing in a vessel until they reached New York Harbor, where they then took a train to Buffalo. From there, they traveled via train to Chicago, and then boarded a six-wheel steamer which took them to Racine. It is possible that the family name was changed to "Secor" after passing the immigration post, but subsequent sources neither make mention of the transition, although it is likely.
Martin's father, Mathias Secor, purchased a fifteen acre farm in Racine, which he cleared and cultivated. Later he would buy an additional twenty acres in the town of Caledonia. At the age of fourteen, after working four years on his father's farm, Martin left home to work for himself, and possibly aid his father in finances. He worked on a farm for a German family, and was given a wagon and a steer, which he lent to his father, and also managed to earn enough money to buy his father an additional ox. After a two-year stint on the farm, Martin found work at a grocery store, earning eight dollars per month, which funded his board and washing. In 1857 he went to Darien, Wisconsin, and learned the harnessmaker's trade. This sparked an interest in him that inspired him to start a company dealing with harnesses and other commodities, such as the production of trunks.
After two years in Darien, he returned to Racine and worked as a journeyman. In late 1861, he opened a shop of his own, where he focused on making the harnesses. In early 1862, he married Fannie Hayek, whose union would produce nine children. One of their daughters would marry another trunk maker named F. W. Gromm, who produced many well-built trunks. Martin had more success with his trunks, so he prioritized their construction; but since they were being made in his wife's small kitchen, dwindling space prompted him to rent out Weed's Hall, which would later become City Hall. It is about this time that he dubbed the establishment: "The Northwestern Trunk and Traveling Bag Manufactory."
M. M. Secor's Trunk Company's beginning.
In 1877, after purchasing the three Durand buildings and several lots on Chatham Street, Martin Secor became acquainted with two brothers, named Joseph and Anthony Hayek. The trio styled the firm as "Northwestern Trunk and Traveling Bag Manufactory" as before, but with clearer emphasis to M. M. Secor's role. However, in 1878, Martin became sole proprietor. The M. M. Secor Company would be responsible for the production of thousands of trunks, and create distinctive trunk styles such as the Champion Wall Trunk. Martin additionally built a five-story brick building on Chatham street which would manufacture approximately 100 trunks a day, and gross $100,000 a year.
This wealth permitted Martin to build a beautiful home on an entire block, including a large flower conservatory and hothouse. He was noted as having gardens, fruit tree plots and a water fountain which adorned the near entrance to his estate. Not only did he have a strong affinity for nature, but he was a great lover of animals. Another feature of his estate was a small, personal zoo that housed a half-dozen deer, two bears, and several parrots among some other birds. His factory employed over seventy to eighty people in the early 80s (nearly several hundred more in its heydey), and manufactured trunks and valises, which were sold in all sections of the Union, except the extreme East. Among other proprietorship opportunities, Martin Secor owned his own block named after him, where the only fire-proof building in Racine was built. Other industries popped up on M. M. Secor block, such as the New Office building, the Belle City Furniture Company building, and bathrooms for furnishing Turkish, Russian, and Karlsbad commodities.
Political involvement.
Martin's reputation was not limited to his business, but distended out to the political arena as well. In 1884 and 1888, Martin Mathias Secor was elected mayor of Racine. He was a noted Independent, voting rather for the man than for the party, which made him well liked among the populace. But when he ran for mayor for the first time in 1883, he sided with the Democratic Party. He lost by 250 votes to Republican Titus Fish, but in the following year won the mayoral position.
His first term saw the paving of streets in the city, including the streets in front of his factory and estate. He vied to remove wild dogs from the Fifth Ward precinct situated near his house, who had reportedly killed some peacocks and several exotic pets that belonged to him. But, to his disappointment, purging the streets of wild dogs could not suffice another mayoral term.
In 1885, running a third time, he lost to Republican David Janes. Not until 1888 would he manage to win another mayoral election, this time against challenger J. G. Meachem, Jr., and Prohibition candidate J. P. Corse. Martin Secor's strong opposition to the prohibition of alcohol caused the mayor of Chicago to dub him as a drunkard, which prompted him to sue the mayor for libel. After his second term as mayor, Martin continued to administer the goings of his factory, while being active in politics and propagating his beliefs on religion through the publishing of pamphlets.
Secor was a staunch Freethinker, opposing organized religion. His parents were once Roman Catholics, but lost faith in the Church and became Freethinkers as well, which is attributed to influencing Martin's spiritual skepticism.
In 1907, Martin ran for another mayoral term, but lost to Alex Horlick, a Republican. The defeat would signify his retirement from politics, but he would remain active in producing new patents and designs for his trunks until his death.
Death.
On January 5, 1911, Martin Secor died as the result of injuries suffered during a fall on New Year's night. According to his obituary in the "Racine Daily Times", he fell getting out of his bed to use the bathroom, hitting his bedpost, breaking a rib and sustaining other internal injuries.
A $2,500 granite gravestone was erected in his honor on which a whimsically-written epitaph was inscribed in the stone, reading: "This world is my home/ To do good is my religion/ Why did a good God make a bad Devil?"

</doc>
<doc id="19825233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825233" title="ObZen Tour">
ObZen Tour

The ObZen World Tour is a concert tour by Swedish Metal band Meshuggah. It was in support of the band's 6th studio album "obZen". It is the biggest tour the band has done to date; and the band has travelled to places around the world they previously have not performed in. In early 2009 Meshuggah has returned to North America on a tour with Cynic and The Faceless.
History.
In 2007, Meshuggah returned to the studio to record their latest album, "obZen", which was released in March 2008. The band spent almost a year on the album; their longest recording session yet. A significant portion of the year was spent learning to perform the songs they wrote; the recording itself took six months. "obZen" reached number 59 on the "Billboard" Top 200 chart and sold 11,400 copies in the United States in its first week of release, and 50,000 copies after six months. With this album Meshuggah got more media attention and new fans. The release was followed by a world tour, which started in the US and proceeded to Europe, Asia and Australia.
Song debutes.
In the first North American leg, three new songs from the new album were slated into the band's setlist: "Electric Red", "Bleed" and "Pravus".
In the 2009 North American leg, Meshuggah debuted a full live version of the song "Bleed". Up until then, live shows featured a shorter version, one similar to the video edit of the song. This leg also saw the debuts of the songs "Combustion" and "Lethargica", also from the "obZen" album.
Typical setlist.
Taken from show at "Club Tochka" in Moscow, Russia on October 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19825237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825237" title="DHQD">
DHQD

DHQD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19825254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825254" title="Rodney Cass">
Rodney Cass

George Rodney Cass (born 23 April 1940) is a former English cricketer: a wicket-keeper who played first-class cricket for Essex and Worcestershire in England, and for Tasmania in Australia, in the 1960s and 1970s. He was capped by Worcestershire in 1970.
Cass played for Yorkshire's Second XI in 1962, before moving to Essex in 1963.
He made his first-class debut against Glamorgan at Clacton-on-Sea in late July 1964, when he scored 7 and took one catch (to dismiss opposing keeper Eifion Jones).
That was his only such appearance of the season; the following year he played four matches, but scored only 49 runs and made just three dismissals in total.
1966 saw Cass play a full part in an Essex season for the first time: he hit 772 first-class runs at a shade over 20 and claimed 14 catches and two stumpings; with Brian Taylor as the regular wicket-keeper and captain of the Essex side at this time, his opportunities to keep wicket were limited and he played for Essex largely as a specialist batsman. He scored two half-centuries in 1966, of which the higher was the 65 he struck against Cambridge University in June. His achievement in this game was somewhat overshadowed by that of Keith Boyce, playing only his second first-class match,
who took career-best figures of 9–61 in the first innings.
Cass also made his List A debut in 1966, when he played for Essex against Worcestershire in the Gillette Cup.
In 1967 Cass scored his maiden first-class century, 104 not out against Warwickshire in early July.
However, he did not play at all in the second half of that season, nor (a few Second XI games in August excepted) throughout 1968.
When Cass's first-class career finally resumed in 1969, it was with a new county, Worcestershire, where he played as wicket-keeper and batsman. He enjoyed a most productive season with both bat and gloves: in first-class cricket he hit 756 runs and made 48 dismissals (44 ct, 4 st) while in one-day cricket he scored 334 runs and claimed 21 dismissals (16 ct, 5 st). All these figures were either career bests or second to just one other season. His form dipped slightly in 1970, but he could be consoled with the award of his county cap.
In 1970–71, Cass played several games in Australia for Tasmania, though he enjoyed very little success: in two first-class and one List A game he had a top score of 21 and claimed no dismissals at all. Back in England for 1971 his season was broken into two halves as he played no games in June or July, Gordon Wilcock having taken his place behind the stumps.
Cass had a wretched time even when he did play, with a first-class average of under 10 and a top score of 30 from 12 innings. His two 1971–72 outings for Tasmania proved little more successful with the bat than they had the previous English winter, with 59 runs coming from four innings, and he still made only one dismissal.
1972 was, if anything, even worse than the previous year had been: Cass scored a grand total of 21 runs in five first-class innings, with seven catches. He did redeem himself somewhat in the one-day game, with 119 runs in six innings (top score 36) to put with his six catches, and he claimed four dismissals in an outing as pro for Lowerhouse of the Lancashire League,
but real success would have to wait for the winter, when he finally came good for Tasmania. In mid-December he scored 38 and 73 against the touring Pakistanis,
and followed it up immediately with 87 for a Tasmania Combined XI against the same opposition three days later.
His last three years of first-class cricket were exclusively for Worcestershire. In 1973 he played regularly, and finished with 50 first-class dismissals for the only summer of his career. His 23 List A dismissals were also the highest he managed in one season.
He played only the first half of 1974,
but did play for most of 1975 once he had re-established himself in the team at the start of June. A notable performance in a minor game was the 75 he struck, opening the batting, against the Indians in a warm-up match for the 1975 Cricket World Cup.
Two days later he made by some way his highest first-class score when he hit 172* against Leicestershire at Grace Road, sharing in an unbroken third-wicket stand of 269 with Jim Yardley.
Cass played his last first-class and List A games for Worcestershire in mid-September 1975. Thereafter, he played on in minor counties cricket for some years for Shropshire, making 103* against Somerset Second XI in 1978.
In both 1976 and 1978 he represented Shropshire at List A level in the Gillette Cup, although on neither occasion was he particularly successful. He also played minor cricket for MCC, accompanying them on several tours of Ireland, and played in a rain-affected game for Worcestershire Norton Taverners of the Midland Combined Counties League in 1996, aged 56.
By this time he was also employed as an MCC coach, and in that capacity made a trip to Guttsta Cricket Park in Sweden in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19825291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825291" title="Johnnie Seale">
Johnnie Seale

Johnny Ray Seale (born November 14, 1938), nicknamed "Durango Kid", is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in eight games over two seasons, and , for the Detroit Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="19825293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825293" title="Choi Hyo-Jin">
Choi Hyo-Jin

Choi Hyo-Jin (, born 18 August 1983) is South Korean Football right wingback, who plays for FC Seoul in South Korean K-League.
International career.
NB: Friendly match against Poland (on 7 October 2011) was not full A-match.
Honors.
Club.
Incheon United
Pohang Steelers
FC Seoul

</doc>
<doc id="19825300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825300" title="Baqa">
Baqa

Baqa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19825320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825320" title="Tony Steratore">
Tony Steratore

Tony Steratore is a back judge in the National Football League since the 2000 NFL season, who wears uniform number 112, and is on the officiating crew headed by referee Jerome Boger. He is a native of the Pittsburgh suburb of Washington, Pennsylvania.[http://www.postgazette.com/pg/12033/1207550-66.stm] Referee Gene Steratore Jr. is his younger brother. His father, Gene Steratore Sr., was an official in both college football and basketball. He officiated two Super Bowl games, which were Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville, Florida, and Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis.
Outside of his NFL officiating duties, Tony Steratore is the president of Steratore Sanitary Supplies in Washington, Pennsylvania; his younger brother Gene is vice-president.

</doc>
<doc id="19825325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825325" title="Camille Montagne">
Camille Montagne

Jean Pierre François Camille Montagne (February 15, 1784 – December 5, 1866) was a French military physician and botanist who specialized in the fields of bryology and mycology. He was born in the commune of Vaudoy in the department of Seine-et-Marne.
At the age of 14, Montagne joined the French navy, and took part in Napoleon's invasion of Egypt. In 1802 he returned to France to study medicine, and two years later became a military surgeon. In 1832, at the age of 48 he retired from military service to concentrate on the study of cryptogams (mosses, algae, lichens and fungi).
In 1845 he was one of the first scientists (with Marie-Anne Libert) to provide a description of "Phytophthora infestans", a potato blight fungus he referred to as "Botrytis infestans". Montagne is also known for investigations of mycological species native to Guyane.
He contributed numerous articles to the "Archives de Botanique" and the "Annales des Sciences naturelles", and in 1853 was elected a member of the "Académie des sciences". Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries (1794–1878) named the genera "Montagnaea" and "Montagnites" after Camille Montagne. He died in Paris on December 5, 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="19825326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825326" title="Same Ol' G">
Same Ol' G

 
"Same Ol' G" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was first featured on the Dr. Dolittle soundtrack and later included on his sophomore release "100% Ginuwine" as his lead single. A music video was also filmed. While it did not chart officially on the Hot R&B Singles or the Hot 100 chart due to "Billboard" guidelines at the time, it was a Top 20 R&B Airplay hit on the strength of radio spins but charted on the lower reaches of the Hot 100 Airplay chart. "Same Ol' G" describes Ginuwine having matured from his days of clubbing, drinking and thugging with friends as he now has his own album deal and appearing on television, but insists that he hasn't changed. Producer Timbaland also contributed spoken adlibs throughout the song (primarily in between Ginuwine's sung verses).
The song was also sampled on the Tupac Shakur album, . This version featured Tupac, the original chorus and a verse from Kanye West
Single track listing.
 CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19825330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825330" title="List of Kansas City Royals Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Kansas City Royals Opening Day starting pitchers

The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Kansas City, Missouri. They play in the American League Central division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Kansas City Royals have used 20 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 43 seasons. The 20 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 11 wins, 19 losses and 13 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
The Kansas City Royals began to play in 1969. Wally Bunker was the Royals’ first Opening Day starting pitcher on April 18, 1969 against the Minnesota Twins. The Royals have played in two home ball parks. They played in Municipal Stadium from 1969 through 1972. They played three Opening Day games at Municipal Stadium, winning twice and losing once. The Royals’ starting pitchers received no decisions in both of the wins, leaving their record in Opening Day starts at Municipal Stadium no wins, one loss and two no decisions. They moved to Royals Stadium, which was subsequently renamed Kauffman Stadium, 1973. They have played 19 Opening Day games there, and their starting pitchers have seven wins and eight losses with four no decisions. This makes their record at home in Opening Day games seven wins and nine losses with six no decisions. In Opening Day games on the road, their starting pitchers have a record of four wins and ten losses with seven no decisions.
Kevin Appier has most Opening Day starts for the Royals, with seven, including six in a row from 1992 to 1997. He has a record of 1–4 with two no decisions in those starts. The other Royal pitchers who have made at least three Opening Day starts are Dennis Leonard with four, and Paul Splittorff, Bud Black, Bret Saberhagen, Jeff Suppan and Gil Meche with three apiece. Bunker, Dick Drago, Steve Busby and Larry Gura have each made two Opening Day starts for the Royals.
Black, who has two wins as an Opening Day starting pitcher, is the only Royals pitcher who has won more than one Opening Day start. Black had a record in Opening Day starts of 2–1. Only two Royals pitchers had more than one loss in Opening Day starts, Kevin Appier with four losses and Dennis Leonard with three.
The Royals played in the World Series in 1980 and 1985, winning in 1985. Leonard and Black were the Opening Day starting pitchers in 1980 and 1985, respectively, when the Royals played in the World Series, and they had a combined Opening Day record of 1–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19825339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825339" title="USS W. F. Marty (SP-1145)">
USS W. F. Marty (SP-1145)

USS "W. F. Marty" (ID-1239) was a patrol vessel that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.
"W. F. Marty" was a wooden-hulled motorboat built in 1917 for W. F. Marty of Olney, Pennsylvania. She was inspected by the U.S. Navy, in the 4th Naval District in 1917 for possible use as a section patrol vessel. She was assigned the classification SP-1145.
Little is known, however, of any actual Navy service by "W. F. Marty". Listed by the Navy as "delivered" on 6 October 1917 and "enrolled" on 16 October 1917, "W. F. Marty" was subsequently returned to her owner on 28 January 1918 and struck from the Navy List on 5 February 1918, indicating that her Navy service, if any, was of short duration. There are no records to indicate whether or not the boat was ever placed in commission. Her eventual fate is also unrecorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19825344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825344" title="Hwang Ji-Soo">
Hwang Ji-Soo

Hwang Ji-Soo (Hangul: 황지수, born March 27, 1981) is South Korean footballer who play with K League Classic side Pohang Steelers in South Korea. He served under alternative military duties from 2010 to November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19825348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825348" title="John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry">
John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry

John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry (also known as John Brown's raid or The raid on Harpers Ferry; in many books the town is called "Harper's Ferry" with an apostrophe-"s.") was an attempt by the white abolitionist John Brown to start an armed slave revolt in 1859 by seizing a United States arsenal at Harpers Ferry, Virginia. Brown's raid, accompanied by 20 men in his party, was defeated by a detachment of U.S. Marines led by Col. Robert E. Lee. John Brown had originally asked Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both of whom he had met in his formative years as an abolitionist in Springfield, Massachusetts, to join him in his raid, but Tubman was prevented by illness, and Douglass declined, as he believed Brown's plan would fail.
Brown's preparation.
John Brown rented the Kennedy Farmhouse, with a small cabin nearby, north of Harpers Ferry in Washington County, Maryland, and took up residence under the name Isaac Smith. Brown came with a small group of men minimally trained for military action. His group included 21 men (16 white men, 3 free blacks, 1 freed slave, and 1 fugitive slave). Northern abolitionist groups sent 198 breech-loading .52 caliber Sharps carbines ("Beecher's Bibles") and 950 pikes (obtained from Charles Blair, in late September), in preparation for the raid. The arsenal contained 100,000 muskets and rifles. Brown attempted to attract more black recruits. He tried recruiting Frederick Douglass as a liaison officer to the slaves. Douglass declined, indicating to Brown that he believed the raid was a suicide mission. The plan was "an attack on the federal government" that "would array the whole country against us." You "will never get out alive," he warned.
The Kennedy Farmhouse served as "barracks, arsenal, supply depot, mess hall, debate club, and home." It was very crowded and life there was tedious. Brown was worried about arousing neighbors' suspicions. Consequently, the raiders had to stay indoors during the daytime, without much to do but study, drill, argue politics, discuss religion, and play cards and checkers. Brown's daughter-in-law Martha served as cook and housekeeper. His daughter Annie served as lookout. Brown wanted women at the farm to prevent suspicions of a large all-male group. The raiders went outside at night to drill and get fresh air. Thunderstorms were welcome since they concealed noise from Brown's neighbors.
Brown did not plan to have a sudden raid and escape to the mountains. Rather, he intended to use those rifles and pikes he captured at the arsenal, in addition to those he brought along, to arm rebellious slaves with the aim of striking terror in the slaveholders in Virginia. He believed that on the first night of action, 200-500 black slaves would join his line. He ridiculed the militia and regular army that might oppose him. He planned to send agents to nearby plantations, rallying the slaves. He planned to hold Harpers Ferry for a short time, expecting that as many volunteers, white and black, would join him as would form against him. He would move rapidly southward, sending out armed bands along the way. They would free more slaves, obtain food, horses and hostages, and destroy slaveholders' morale. Brown planned to follow the Appalachian Mountains south into Tennessee and even Alabama, the heart of the South, making forays into the plains on either side.
Advance knowledge of raid.
Brown paid Hugh Forbes $600 to be his drillmaster. Forbes was an English mercenary who served Garibaldi in Italy. Forbes' "Manual for the Patriotic Volunteer" was found in Brown's papers after the raid. Brown and Forbes argued over strategy and money. Forbes wanted more money so that his family in Europe could join him. Forbes sent threatening letters to Brown's backers in an attempt to get money. Failing in this effort, Forbes traveled to Washington, DC and met with Senators William Seward and Henry Wilson. He denounced Brown to Seward as a "vicious man" who needed to be restrained, but did not disclose any plans for the raid. Forbes partially exposed the plan to Senator Wilson and others. Wilson wrote to Samuel Howe, a Brown backer, advising him to get Brown's backers to retrieve the weapons intended for use in Kansas. Brown's backers told him that the weapons should not be used "for other purposes, as rumor says they may be." In response to warnings, Brown had to return to Kansas to shore up support and discredit Forbes. Some historians believe that this trip cost Brown valuable time and momentum.
Estimates are that at least eighty people knew about Brown's planned raid in advance. Many others had reasons to believe that Brown was contemplating a move against the South. One of those who knew was David J. Gue of Springdale, Iowa. Gue was a Quaker who believed that Brown and his men would be killed. Gue, his brother, and another man decided to warn the government "to protect Brown from the consequences of his own rashness." Gue sent an anonymous letter dated August 20, 1859 to Secretary of War John B Floyd. The letter said that ""old John Brown,"' late of Kansas," was planning to organize a slave uprising in the South. It said that Brown had a secret agent "in an armory" in Maryland. The letter said that Brown was stockpiling weapons at a secret location in Maryland. Gue warned that Brown planned to leave Maryland and enter Virginia at Harpers Ferry. Gue acknowledged that he was afraid to disclose his identity but asked Floyd not to ignore his warning "on that account." He was hoping that Floyd would send soldiers to Harpers Ferry. He hoped that the extra security would motivate Brown to call off his plans.
Even though President Buchanan offered a $250 reward for Brown, Floyd did not connect the John Brown of Gue's letter to the John Brown of Pottawatomie, Kansas fame. He knew that Maryland did not have an armory (Harpers Ferry is just across the river from Maryland). Floyd figured that the letter writer was a crank and forgot about it. He later said that "a scheme of such wickedness and outrage could not be entertained by any citizen of the United States."
The raid.
October 16.
On Sunday night, October 16, 1859, Brown left four of his men behind as a rear-guard: his son, Owen Brown, Barclay Coppoc, and Frank Meriam; he led the rest into the town of Harpers Ferry, Virginia. Brown detached a party under John Cook Jr. to capture Colonel Lewis Washington, great-grandnephew of George Washington, at his nearby Beall-Air estate, some of his slaves, and two relics of George Washington: a sword allegedly presented to Washington by Frederick the Great and two pistols given by the Marquis de Lafayette, which Brown considered talismans. The party carried out its mission and returned via the Allstadt House, where they took more hostages. Brown's main party captured several watchmen and townspeople in Harpers Ferry.
Brown's men needed to capture the weapons and escape before word could be sent to Washington. The raid was going well for Brown's men. They cut the telegraph wire and seized a Baltimore & Ohio train passing through. A free black man was the first casualty of the raid. Hayward Shepherd, an African-American baggage handler on the train, confronted the raiders; they shot and killed him. For some reason, Brown let the train continue, and the conductor alerted the authorities down the line. Brown had been sure that he would win the support of local slaves in joining the rebellion, but a massive uprising did not occur, because word had not been spread about the uprising, so the slaves nearby did not know about it. Although the white townspeople soon began to fight back against the raiders, Brown's men succeeded in capturing the armory that evening.
October 17.
Army workers discovered Brown's men early on the morning of October 17. Local militia, farmers and shopkeepers surrounded the armory. When a company of militia captured the bridge across the Potomac River, any route of escape for the raiders was cut off. During the day, four townspeople were killed, including the mayor. Realizing his escape was cut, Brown took 9 of his captives and moved into the smaller engine house, which would come to be known as John Brown's Fort. The raiders barred off the windows and doors and exchanged the occasional volley with the surrounding forces. At one point Brown sent out his son, Watson, and Aaron Dwight Stevens with a white flag, but Watson was mortally wounded and Stevens was shot and captured. The raid was rapidly deteriorating. William H. Leeman, one of the raiders, panicked and tried to escape by swimming across the Potomac River, but he was shot and killed. During the intermittent shooting, Brown's other son, Oliver, was also shot; he died after a brief period.
At around 3:00 p.m. a militia company led by Captain E.G. Alburtis arrived by train from Martinsburg, Virginia. Most of the militia members were Baltimore & Ohio Railroad employees. The militia forced the raiders inside the engine house. They broke into the guardroom and freed over two dozen prisoners. Eight militia men were wounded. Alburtis said that he could have ended the raid with help from other citizens.
By 3:30 that afternoon, President James Buchanan ordered a detachment of U.S. Marines (the only government troops in the immediate area) to march on Harpers Ferry under the command of Brevet Colonel Robert E. Lee of the 2nd U.S. Cavalry. Lee had been on leave when he was hastily recalled to lead the detachment and had to command it while wearing his civilian clothes.
October 18.
Lee first offered the role of attacking the engine house to the local militia units on the spot. Both militia commanders declined, and Lee turned to the Marines. On the morning of October 18, Colonel Lee sent Lt. J.E.B. Stuart, serving as a volunteer aide-de-camp, under a white flag of truce to negotiate a surrender of John Brown and his followers. Lee instructed Lt. Israel Greene that if Brown refused, he was to lead the marines in storming the engine house. Stuart walked towards the front of the engine house where he told Brown that his men would be spared if they surrendered. Brown refused and as Stuart walked away, he signaled a "thumbs down" to Lt. Greene and his men standing nearby.
Seconds later, Greene led a platoon of marines to storm the engine house. Two marines armed with sledgehammers tried in vain to break through the door, but were forced to fall back. Greene found a wooden ladder, and he and about 10 marines used it as a battering ram to knock the front doors in. Greene was the first through the door and with the assistance of Lewis Washington, identified and singled out John Brown. Greene later recounted what happened next:
"Quicker than thought I brought my saber down with all my strength upon head. He was moving as the blow fell, and I suppose I did not strike him where I intended, for he received a deep saber cut in the back of the neck. He fell senseless on his side, then rolled over on his back. He had in his hand a short Sharpe's cavalry carbine. I think he had just fired as I reached Colonel Washington, for the Marine who followed me into the aperture made by the ladder received a bullet in the abdomen, from which he died in a few minutes. The shot might have been fired by someone else in the insurgent party, but I think it was from Brown. Instinctively as Brown fell I gave him a saber thrust in the left breast. The sword I carried was a light uniform weapon, and, either not having a point or striking something hard in Brown's accouterments, did not penetrate. The blade bent double."
The action inside the engine house happened very quickly. In three minutes, all of the raiders still alive were taken prisoner and the action was over.
October 19.
Robert E. Lee made a summary report of the events that took place at Harpers Ferry. According to Lee's notes, Lee believed John Brown was insane, "...the plan the Harpers Ferry Arsenal was the attempt of a fanatic or mad­man." Lee also believed that the African Americans in the raid were forced by Brown. "The blacks, whom he Brown forced from their homes in this neighborhood, as far as I could learn, gave him no voluntary assistance." Lee attributed John Brown's "temporary success" by creating panic and confusion and by "magnifying" the number of participants involved in the raid.
Aftermath.
Colonel Lee and John Stuart searched the surrounding country for fugitives who had participated in the attack. Brown was taken to the court house in nearby Charles Town for trial. He was found guilty of treason against the commonwealth of Virginia and was hanged on December 2. (This execution was witnessed by the actor John Wilkes Booth, who would later assassinate President Abraham Lincoln.) On the day of his execution, Brown wrote his last prophecy, which said, “I John Brown am now quite "certain" that the crimes of this "guilty, land: will" never be purged "away;" but with Blood. I had "as I now think: vainly" flattered myself that without "very much" bloodshed; it might be done.”Four other raiders were executed on December 15 and two more on March 16, 1860.
Southerners had a mixed attitude towards their slaves. Many southern whites lived in fear of a slave insurrection. Paradoxically, whites claimed that slaves were well treated and content in bondage. After the raid southerners initially lived in fear of slave uprisings and invasion by armed abolitionists. The South's reaction entered a second phase at around the time of Brown's execution. Southerners were relieved that no slaves had volunteered to help Brown. Southerners felt vindicated in their claims that slaves were content. After Northerners had expressed admiration for Brown's motives, with some treating him as a martyr, southern opinion evolved into what James M. McPherson called "unreasoning fury."
The first Northern reaction among antislavery advocates to Brown's Raid was one of baffled reproach. William Lloyd Garrison called the raid "misguided, wild, and apparently insane." But through the trial, Brown transformed into a martyr. Henry David Thoreau, in "A Plea for Captain John Brown", said, "I think that for once the Sharp's rifles and the revolvers were employed in a righteous cause. The tools were in the hands of one who could use them," and said of Brown, "He has a spark of divinity in him." Though "Harper's Ferry was insane," wrote the religious weekly the "Independent," "the controlling motive of his demonstration was sublime." To the South, he was a murderer who wanted to deprive them of their property. The North "has sanctioned and applauded theft, murder, and treason," said "De Bow's Review."
Casualties.
John Brown's raiders.
Killed
Captured
Four raiders escaped and were captured about six months later.
Escaped and never captured
Others.
Civilians
9 other civilians were wounded.
Marines
Liberated Slaves.
Mayor Beckham's Will Book called for the liberation of Isaac Gilbert, his wife, and three children upon his death. When Edwin Coppock killed Beckham the five slaves were free.

</doc>
<doc id="19825368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825368" title="Trozos de Mi Alma, Vol. 2">
Trozos de Mi Alma, Vol. 2

Trozos de Mi Alma, Vol. 2 (Eng.: "Pieces of My Soul, Vol. 2") is the seventh studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on September 26, 2006. This album became his sixth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. Like his 1999 release "Trozos de Mi Alma" this album includes songs written by Solís that were previously recorded by other artists, such as Laura Flores ("Antes de Que Te Vayas"), José Javier Solís ("Quien Se Enamoró"), Pesado ("Te Voy a Esperar"), Pablo Montero ("Pídemelo Todo"), Victoria ("Hay Veces"), Rocío Dúrcal ("Extrañandote" and "Yo Creía Que Sí"), Paulina Rubio ("Ojalá") and Marisela ("Dios Bendiga Nuestro Amor" and "No Puedo Olvidarlo"). The album was released in a standard CD presentation and in a CD/DVD combo, including the music video for the first single "Antes de Que Te Vayas", the track "Sin Lado Izquierdo" (first included on his album "Razón de Sobra") and bonus materials. It received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album. Antes de Que Te Vayas served as the opening theme for the novela Mundo de Fieras starring Cesar Evora, Gaby Espino, and Edith Gonzalez.

</doc>
<doc id="19825378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825378" title="Pennsylvania Guard Reserve Force">
Pennsylvania Guard Reserve Force

The Pennsylvania Guard Reserve Force (PAGRF), legally incorporated as a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization under the name “Pennsylvania State Military Reserve Inc.”, was founded in 1985 as a private militia group based primarily in southeastern Pennsylvania.
Status.
Since its founding, the Pennsylvania Guard Reserve Force has sought recognition by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as an official military organization, but the matter has never been taken up by either the Pennsylvania General Assembly or successive Governors of Pennsylvania.
Organization.
Exact membership numbers are difficult to determine, the PAGRF may number anywhere from a few dozen to a few hundred dues paying members, concentrated largely in the suburban counties surrounding Philadelphia. The PAGRF organizes itself more or less along military lines, with members wearing variations of the U.S. Army’s battle dress uniform with modified insignia and assigning themselves military ranks and positions. Members often attend parades, political rallies, memorial ceremonies, and other patriotic gatherings and attempt to get photographs taken posing with elected politicians in an effort to further legitimize their attempts at official recognition by the Commonwealth.
Mission.
According to its website, the PAGRF’s mission, if recognized by the Pennsylvanian government, would be to provide support and assistance to the Pennsylvania Army National Guard and Pennsylvania Air National Guard during civil disturbances, states of emergency, and in situations where the National Guard is deployed overseas, in a manner similar to state defense forces in other states of the United States. The PAGRF purports to be carrying out such duties at the present time, despite the lack of cooperation or participation of the National Guard and lack of recognition from the government.
Historical.
The PAGRF claims itself to be the modern successor to the historical Pennsylvania Reserve Defense Corps, the Commonwealth’s former state defense force, which was disbanded at the end of World War II.
"Operations Suspended".
As of October 2011, the PGRF has posted a statement on their website stating that "Operations are suspended due to economy and manpower. More to follow."

</doc>
<doc id="19825388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825388" title="Daniel Pierce">
Daniel Pierce

Daniel Pierce (born 1814) was an American banker.
Pierce lived in Sycamore, Illinois. In 1867 he founded the bank Daniel Pierce & Co., today known as The National Bank & Trust Company.
Daniel Pierce was the great-grandfather of Frederick B. Townsend, county judge and mayor of Sycamore.
Sources.
His birthday was on April 28th 1814

</doc>
<doc id="19825393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825393" title="Hwang Jae-Won">
Hwang Jae-Won

Hwang Jae-Won (; born 13 April 1981) is a South Korean football defender, who plays for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma in the K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19825420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825420" title="Esteban Sirias">
Esteban Sirias

Club career.
Sirias made his professional debut with LD Alajuelense in a league match against Limonense on April 28, 1999, coming up as a substitute and playing 12 minutes. He spent six seasons with LD Alajuelense, winning four league championships, one UNCAF club championship and one CONCACAF club championship. In January 2006, he moved to C.S. Cartaginés where he played until he joined Municipal Liberia in June 2007. After spells with Saprissa and Belén, Sirias returned to Cartaginés in December 2012.
International career.
Sirias has made three appearances for the senior Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Peru on 22 August 2007.
Goalkeeper.
His debut as goalkeeper was in a match of the season summer 2013 against Deportivo Saprissa. In the match the unique goalkeeper that Cartaginés had, was expulsed for an action made in his area. Also Sirias was chosen as goalkeeper. Esteban don't stopped the penal but he showed wells attributes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19825422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825422" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a film franchise based on the comic book series of the same name by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird. The first film in the series, titled "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", was released in 1990 at the height of the franchise's popularity and was a commercial success. The success of the film garnered three direct sequels, respectively released in 1991, 1993, and a CGI animated film 2007, building on the success of the 2003–2009 TV series. The series is due to be rebooted, with a new film slated for release in 2014.
Original trilogy.
The first film, "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", closely follows the storyline from the Mirage comic books, in addition to some of the more lighthearted elements of the cartoons. The film tells the origin story of Splinter and the Turtles, their initial encounters with April O'Neil (Judith Hoag) and Casey Jones (Elias Koteas), and their first confrontation with The Shredder and his Foot Clan. Another plot point for the film is that The Foot have kidnapped Splinter, and the Turtles must rescue him from the Shredder's grasp. Directed by Steve Barron and released by New Line Cinema, the film showcases the innovative puppetry techniques of Jim Henson's Creature Shop.
The first sequel, titled "", expands on the Turtles' origin story while claiming the dubious distinction as Vanilla Ice's film debut. The film was dedicated to puppeteer Jim Henson. It also introduced the Turtles' human friend Keno (Ernie Reyes, Jr.) and Shredder's mutant henchmen Tokka and Rahzar.
The third film in the series, "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III", features Elias Koteas reprising his role as Casey Jones. The plot revolves around the "Sacred Sands of Time", a mystical scepter which transports the Turtles back in time to feudal Japan, where they become embroiled in a conflict between a daimyo and a group of rebellious villagers.
"TMNT".
The Turtles latest feature film, titled simply "TMNT" and written and directed by Kevin Munroe, was released March 23, 2007. It is the fourth and final installment of the original series. Unlike the previous films, it used 100% computer-generated imagery, produced by Imagi Animation Studios and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures and The Weinstein Company. It was the final Ninja Turtle movie to be distributed by Time Warner due to the franchise being purchased by Viacom.
Chronologically, this movie takes place after the third movie, with the team essentially broken as Leonardo is training in Central America, Donatello and Michelangelo have jobs, and Raphael spends his time as the vigilante crimefighter 'Nightwatcher'. Leonardo returns to the New York City due to the events surroundering a series of monsters being hunted by the mysterious businessman Max Winters, but tensions begin to rise between him and Raphael over the leadership of the team. The Foot Clan also make an appearance, with Karai leading them.
Series relaunch.
A new feature film was to have been released on 25 December 2013 as part of the acquisition of the franchise by Viacom. It was announced on May 27, 2010 that Michael Bay's Platinum Dunes production company had landed the rights to the new film. It is expected that Bay, Bradley Fuller and Andrew Form will serve as executive producers. Ninja Turtles will be a co-production between Paramount and Nickelodeon. However, it will be a reboot film as opposed to another sequel. Reception from fans thus far has been extremely critical, particularly since Michael Bay's statement that the Turtles will be "from an alien race" and Bay's suggestion that critical fans needed to "chill" after negative response. Fan criticism has included comments from Robbie Rist, the voice of Michelangelo from the original movie series, that Bay is "sodomizing" the original movies and causing "the rape of childhood memories." In June 2012, it was reported that Paramount had shut down production on the film and pushed its release date back to 2014. In February 2013, Bay announced via his personal website that he would be bringing actress Megan Fox into his new TMNT family. No further statement from Bay was made regarding who she would be playing in the new film, but various reports have suggested that she will play April O'Neil. The film will also star Alan Ritchson as Raphael, Pete Ploszek as Leonardo, Jeremy Howard as Donatello, and Noel Fisher as Michelangelo. In April 2013, Bay retracted his comments that the turtles would be aliens and insisted that they would be mutants. It is scheduled to be released on August 8, 2014.
Canceled projects.
Kevin Eastman was working on a fourth Ninja Turtles film between 1995 and 1997 titled "TMNT: The Next Mutation". In 2012, Heritage Auctions published concept arts showing a fifth turtle named Kirby, but also featured are Fang, Shredder, Spyder, Nano Spyder, Super Shredder, Casey, Talbot, Lawson, Bugman and "Evil April". Peter Laird showed some concept art of the Turtles and Splinter on his blog.
Kevin Munroe has stated that he would like to direct a possible sequel to "TMNT", possibly involving the return of the Shredder. In an interview, Peter Laird stated he was interested in the idea of having the next film be a live-action and CGI hybrid film, with the Turtles rendered in CGI and Sarah Michelle Gellar and Chris Evans reprising their "TMNT" roles in live-action.
In late April 2009, it was announced a new live-action film would be in the works for a 2011 release. Mirage Studios was partnering with producers Scott Mednick and Galen Walker, with Peter Laird, Gary Richardson, Frederick Fierst, Eric Crown would serve as executive producers, and 4Kids Entertainment would handle the film's merchandising. It was stated that the story would be a prequel that would focus on the Turtles origin. In July 2009, an open casting call was made for extras to play as members of the Foot Clan, with Ernie Reyes, Jr. as an acting judge. "Ninja Turtles" co-creator Peter Laird said "there are a lot of positive feelings about a 'Batman Begins'-style 'reboot,'" while producer Galen Walker said the film would be headed in a darker direction. In July, 2009 is was announced that John Fusco would be the films writer. His version was to be inspired by the original dark and gritty black and white comics that Eastman created with Peter Laird, but Paramount wasn't on board. However, in mid October 2009, it was announced that Viacom's subsidiary network Nickelodeon had purchased all of Mirage's rights to the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" property for $9.75 million, thus terminating all deals with 4Kids and Time Warner.
Cast and characters.
List indicator(s)

</doc>
<doc id="19825433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825433" title="Alpine skiing at the 1956 Winter Olympics – Men's downhill">
Alpine skiing at the 1956 Winter Olympics – Men's downhill

The men's alpine skiing downhill event of the 1956 Winter Olympics at Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, was held on Friday, 3 February, at 11:00 a.m.. The starting elevation on the Olimpia - Tofana run was above sea level and the course length was , with a vertical drop of and just 15 control gates.
It was the final alpine event of the games and the third straight victory for Toni Sailer of Austria. His average speed was , with an average vertical descent rate of .
It was the third appearance of the downhill event at the Winter Games, which debuted in 1948. Seventy-five alpine skiers from 27 nations competed.
Results.
"Friday, 3 February 1956"

</doc>
<doc id="19825449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825449" title="Don Carey (American football official)">
Don Carey (American football official)

Don Carey (born 1947) is an official in the National Football League, who wears uniform number 126. He entered the NFL's officiating staff in 1995 as a field judge until 1998, where he became a back judge due to the NFL swapping position titles that season; he held that position until 2008-09. He was promoted to referee in 2009 upon the retirement of Bill Carollo, the fourth African American to do so, after Johnny Grier, younger brother Mike Carey and Jerome Boger. He officiated one Super Bowl game, which was Super Bowl XXXVII at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego.
Don Carey's 2009 NFL officiating crew consists of umpire Garth DeFelice, head linesman Dana McKenzie, line judge Carl Johnson, field judge Mike Weir, side judge Greg Meyer and back judge Terrence Miles.
With the promotion of Clete Blakeman to referee in 2010, Don Carey returned to his back judge position and has worked on the officiating crew led by Ed Hochuli since then.
Outside of his NFL officiating duties, Don Carey is a contract manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19825454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825454" title="List of Edgar &amp; Ellen episodes">
List of Edgar &amp; Ellen episodes

This is a list of Canadian TV series "Edgar & Ellen".

</doc>
<doc id="19825468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825468" title="Weaver (Stephen Baxter)">
Weaver (Stephen Baxter)

Weaver is an alternate history and science fiction work authored by Stephen Baxter. It is the fourth and final novel in his Time's Tapestry quartet, which deals with psionic broadcast of history-altering content within trans-temporal lucid dreams.
Plot.
In "Weaver"s alternate historical timeline, Adolf Hitler decided to launch Operation Sea Lion (a projected German invasion of the island of Great Britain) in 1940, shortly after a more devastating version of Dunkirk resulted in a shortage of British Army soldiers. However, due to Winston Churchill's lobbying of President Franklin Roosevelt and his Congress, there is some U.S. military assistance provided. As with France during the First World War, there is only partial occupation of southeastern England, and a Nazi "Protectorate of Albion" (similar to Vichy France) is established. The Nazis occupy a band of territory that stretches from Portsmouth in the southwest, including communities like Tunbridge Wells, Horsham, Hastings, Pevensey, Dover, Folkestone and Gravesend. They establish a puppet regime in Canterbury led by renegade English Nazi collaborator Lord Haw Haw, and while London remains unoccupied, the adjacent occupation results in the evacuation of senior governmental personnel, politicians, George VI and his royal family to elsewhere in Northern England.
Baxter traces the effects of the occupation on several protagonists. Ben Kamen is Jewish, gay and a latent telepath, while Mary Wooler, and her son Gary, and daughter-in-law Hilda, work on covert projects for the British Army, endeaviouring to discover how to dislodge the Nazi presence from the "Protectorate of Albion" in the southeast. Ernst Keiser, a relatively kindly officer, lodges with a rural family, whose female members, Irma and Viv, collaborate intentionally with the military, while Alfie is made to serve in a forced labour unit later in the war.
As in "our" timeline, Hitler still launches Operation Barbarossa against the Soviet Union, but there are other divergences, as the Japanese Empire has sufficient manpower to invade Australia in this timeline as well, although no other details are forthcoming.
Ben's identity is discovered, but he is spared from the ravages of an expanded version of the Holocaust due to his latent telepathic abilities. Julia Fiveash, another English Nazi collaborator, is involved in the Ahnenerbe, an SS occult warfare division. In 1943, the tide of war has turned, and the British and U.S. militaries launch "Operation Walrus" to recover the territory of the former "Protectorate." However, they stumble on Ahnenerbe plans to use Kamen to alter the course of history so that either William the Conqueror lost the Battle of Hastings to Harold II in 1066, or Christopher Columbus turned east, reviving Crusader hostility against the Islamic world during the sixteenth century, instead of his discovery of the Americas. In the ensuing battle, Fiveash kills Gary, and Mary is able to prevent any further historical change through influencing Kamen's choice of telepathic transmissions. However, the novel ends with Kamen once more entering a dream state, and hints that our timeline is the result of his broadcasting a telepathic message to one of Hitler's advisors at the time of the Dunkirk Evacuation.
Historical, scientific and metaphysical basis.
In an afterword, Baxter described his influences as Niall Ferguson's book "Virtual History" (1997), Panzer General Heinz Guderian himself (from his book "Panzer Leader" (1952), Derek Robinson's "Invasion 1940" (2005), and Martin Marix Evans' "Invasion! Operation Sea Lion" 1940 (2005).
He used Heather Pringle's work on Nazi pseudoscience, "The Master Plan: Himmler's Scholars and the Holocaust" (2006), Julia Gardner's "Wartime Britain 1939-1945"
(2004) and Richard Vinen's account of Vichy France, "The Unfree French" (2006) for details of everyday life under Nazi occupation and British relative wartime rationing stringencies.
He took references from Kurt Gödel's theories about time and parallel universes as well as his dialogue with the work of Albert Einstein.
Finally, he incorporated John William Dunne's concepts about metaphysical "time travel" through dreams. There are also references to fledgeling "calculating engines" (computers), whose actual construction began in Manchester in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19825479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825479" title="Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House">
Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House

The Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House is a National Park Service ranger residence located in the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area of northern Washington. The building was built at Purple Point above Lake Chelan in the small, unincorporated community of Stehekin, Washington. It was originally constructed by the United States Forest Service to serve as the residence for the Stehekin District ranger. The Forest Service later converted it into a summer guard station. The building was transferred to the National Park Service in 1968 when the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area was established. The Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Chelan National Forest was established in 1908. It was the largest of the twenty national forests in the Pacific Northwest Region. To facilitate work in the forest, the Forest Service built ranger stations at strategic locations in the northern Cascade Mountains to house full-time employees and provide logistics support to fire patrols and project crews working at remote forest sites. One of those ranger stations was located in the small, unincorporated community of Stehekin at the head of Lake Chelan. Stehekin was particularly isolated, having no connection to the outside world except by horse trail or a fifty mile boat ride up the length of Lake Chelan.
The Stehekin ranger station was established in 1910 as part of the Chelan National Forest. Originally, it was located north of the Field Hotel at the head of Lake Chelan. The first ranger station had two buildings. The first building, the office, was a simple log cabin, by . The other building was an 18 by horse barn. This ranger station was abandoned in 1927 because of rising lake waters. A new ranger station was built at Purple Point well above the lake near Stehekin’s boat landing. The Purple Point ranger station served as the headquarters for the Stehekin Ranger District until the early 1940s, when the Stehekin District was merged into the Chelan District.
The Stehekin District’s first ranger was E.O. (Jack) Blankenship. He arrived in 1910 and served as ranger until 1920, when he resigned from the Forest Service to become general manager of the Golden West resort hotel in Stehekin. Blankenship was replaced by George Wright who filled the ranger position until 1926. He was, in turn, replaced by Roy L. Weeman. During Weeman’s long tour as district ranger, the Forest Service enjoyed a particularly good relationship with the Stehekin community. In 1931, the Chelan National Forest Supervisor's Inspection Report on the Stehekin Ranger District credited Weeman with "maintaining good relations with his public," who were noted in the same report as being particularly "hard to handle." Horace G. Cooper replaced Weeman in 1935 as ranger, and served for one year. In 1936, Richard P. Bottcher arrived. He also stayed only one year. Bottcher was followed by William O. Shambaugh in 1937 and then Bob Foote in the early 1940s. Foote was the last district ranger to live full-time in the Purple Point ranger residence.
In the early 1940s, the Stehekin Ranger District was merged into the Chelan District. As a result, there was no longer a need for a full-time ranger station at Stehekin, and the district ranger was reassigned to the town of Chelan, Washington at the south end of Lake Chelan, where the headquarters of the combined district was located.
While the district headquarters moved to Chelan, the Purple Point facilities and the surrounding forest lands remained under the stewardship of the Forest Service for nearly three more decades. That changed in 1968 when the United States Congress established the North Cascades National Park and the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area. As a result of this action, the Purple Point ranger station and the forest land around Stehekin were transferred to the National Park Service.
Structure.
The Purple Point ranger residence is a wood-frame structure with a concrete foundation and metal roof. The house is a -story structure with a 26-by-30-foot footprint. The house has a jerkin-head gable roof and two brick chimneys. There is a large porch running the full length of the building’s west side where the main entrance overlooks Lake Chelan. The back door is located on the south side of the building, and is covered by a small shed roof. The exterior is covered with weatherboard. The building is painted light green with light green trim so that it blends into the surrounding forest landscape. The residence has of interior space. The National Park Service renovated the building in 1975, 1991, and again in 1995.
In 1928, a combined warehouse, garage, and office was built across the road, southeast of the ranger residence. In 1934, the warehouse was enlarged. At the same time, a bunkhouse for summer fire crews was built across the road and up slope to the east. In the late 1930s, a small, temporary Civilian Conservation Corps camp was established in Stehekin. In 1939, the Civilian Conservation Corps crew built a barn and a gas and oil house for the ranger station. Both of these structures were later demolished by the Forest Service.
Because of the building’s distinctive architecture and its unique historic value as an early Forest Service ranger residence, the Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The ranger station’s warehouse and crew barracks still exist as well; however, both structures have lost their historic significance as a result of numerous alterations.

</doc>
<doc id="19825489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825489" title="John S. Darling">
John S. Darling

John S. Darling (August 17, 1911 – August 23, 2007), was a prominent Virginia based artist was born in McLean, Virginia. Darling originally wanted to be a writer, having had many stories floating through his head, but poor spelling led him to tell his stories through the visual arts.
Childhood.
Darling's family had settled at Dahlgren where his father was hired as a surveyor at the naval base. His mother, a very proper and cultured woman, insisted that her three children be exposed to the world, including great literature and the arts, which were especially dear to her, as the family lineage was made up of many artists. At a very young age Darling's photographic visual memory revealed itself and coupled with his creative mind, he worked on a blackboard telling stories. At church he would doodle in a bible often causing the congregation to focus on him rather than the sermon. He was an energetic, impetuous and curious child. Childhood scraps convinced his parents that Jack needed the discipline of a boys’ school, so off he was sent to Christ Church School, near Urbanna. It was an experience he savoured for the remainder of his life. He said: "At the school, I read, drew and painted, and got up before dawn to sneak out of the dorm and take a small boat we had hidden in the bushes growing out over the river. I would go crabbing and fishing, and would sell what I caught to earn my pocket money."
Formative Years.
During the summers, with help from his parents and using money he earned working on the river as an extra on boat crews, or as a part-timer on the neighboring farms, Jack spent warm idyllic months studying art in Provincetown, Rhode Island. There, in the now legendary summer art schools near the ocean, he was a student of Charles W. Hawthorne, who was a student of Robert Henri, and with Henry Hensche. Nearby, another summer art enclave was taught by Hans Hofmann. There was an often told story of how he showed Hans Hofmann how to jump from the mast of sail boat earning them both a great time and a threat that they would be thrown over if they didn't stop.
At the Philadelphia college art school (Philadelphia Museum School of Industrial Arts), Darling was taught by Thornton Oakley. Oakley, in turn, was taught by N. C. Wyeth (with whom Oakley was a lifelong friend). Their mutual instructor in the class was Howard Pyle.
Provincetown.
In Provincetown Jack was surrounded by many prominent people, including the Kennedys, James Stewart (whose sister had fallen in love with Jack, proposing marriage, which he declined), Jackson Pollock, Hawthorne, Hoffman and others.
Jack's best friends in the Provincetown summers, and throughout his life, were William Franklin Draper and Alan Ingalls Palmer. The three remained dear friends until the end of their lives. Draper became a leading American portraitist. Palmer gained national recognition as an illustrator, landscape artist, and portraitist. Jack was godfather to Palmer's daughter Gale.
After summers in Provincetown, Jack, along with Tom, his brother who was also an artist were sent to Philadelphia so that he could attend the Philadelphia Museum School of Industrial Art for, as he explains, "My parents were worried about me. They knew I loved to draw but could not imagine what on earth I could do to earn a living with it."
The Artist and Mentor.
Jack returned to King George County, married Mary Berry, and lived at North Windsor, in a home near Owens. The house eventually became the home of the artists group North Windsor Artists of which he was co-founder. Darling started his Civil Service appointment in 1941 testing the great Naval guns instrumental in winning the Pacific battles of World War II. He also pursued painting, worked with computers in Terminal Ballistics, and ultimately worked as a technical artist for the Navy's surface War facility K Lab. 
Jack painted throughout creating numerous paintings, and influencing many artists of the next generations. Early on he was known, and loved, for his watercolors documenting the life in the region, and telling stories, often related to his religious learning. He worked in oils, woodcuts, pen and ink and drawing as well. Eventually as he got older, he found oil pastels and in the last decade of his life created most of his works in that medium. He was known to always have a pocket full of 3 x 5 index cards and a pen, drawing as he told stories. In a retrospective the last year of his life, the gallery was lined with black paper to which hundreds of 3 x 5 cards were displayed.
North Windsor Artists.
After Jack's wife died he was at a juncture. At this time, Jane T. Woodworth, a friend and fellow artist, had started a fledgling art school in an old garage in Dahlgren. Jack redirected his energies and his life through his association with Woodworth and the school. He soon became the "guru" of the group. Jane acted as "den mother," able organizer, and catalyst for the artists' workshops. Thus began the bond of talent and the tradition of the North Windsor Artists. Later, Jack built a sunny studio on the back of his North Windsor home. The select group of regional artists left the garage for the home studio where they met, painted and critiqued for many the decades that followed. The last member of the group was Virginia based artist, Sharon D. Ross, his great-niece, who also lived with him the last decade of his life. 
Not long before he died Jack said, "It's been all about art ever since I was born. I have been drawing and thinking about art and watching light and shadows as long as I can remember. It was always art. Always art."
Darling was co-founder of North Windsor Artists, King George, Virginia; Art First Gallery in Fredericksburg, Virginia; North Windsor Gallery in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He is remembered as a part of American art history as well as Virginia's arts. He has been recognized by the governor of Virginia for his contributions to the arts. In August, 2014 the Fredericksburg Area Museum and Cultural Center will be hosting an exhibition honoring Darling and his contribution to the arts and the area. A secondary exhibit of the North Windsor Artists will focus on his lasting influences on the arts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19825541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825541" title="Antrophyum">
Antrophyum

Antrophyum is a genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae. They are commonly known as lineleaf ferns.
Species include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19825551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825551" title="Applications-By-Forms">
Applications-By-Forms

Applications-By-Forms (ABF) is an early 4GL computer programming language provided by the Ingres relational database. It provides an ASCII form painter, which automatically binds form fields to a database using ABF, a programming language, with embedded SQL, simplifying the task of making a "CRUD" application for textual data. 
ABF source code is interpreted into a 3GL language (C or COBOL), which is then compiled so snippets of the native language may be directly embedded in the ABF code.
ABF was deprecated by OpenROAD in the early nineties.
Several other database vendors marketed comparable 4GL's at around the same time, such as Pick System Builder, Clipper, and DBASE III.

</doc>
<doc id="19825562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825562" title="Weiser High School">
Weiser High School

Weiser High School is a four-year public secondary school in Weiser, Idaho, the only traditional high school in Weiser School District #431. One of three high schools in Washington County, it had an enrollment of 502 in the 2012-2013 school year. The school colors are red and white and the school's mascot is the Wolverine.
Athletics.
Weiser competes in athletics in IHSAA in the Snake River Valley Conference with Homedale, Parma, Payette, and Fruitland.
While excelling in nearly every sport participated in with the exception of Women's JV Tennis, Weiser High School is one of the most decorated schools in the State of Idaho. This is especially true in football where the Wolverines have a reputation as being a perennial football power throughout the state. The team came to prominence in the early 1980's when their teams would regularly vie for the State Championship. It was during this time that a prominent Idaho State Senator labeled the 3A Idaho Football Championship game the "Weiser Invitational". Not coincidentally, it was this domination on the football field that spawned one of the most powerful, influencial, and controversial groups to ever exist in Washington County; The WHS Booster Club. To this day the exclusive WHS Booster club, know locally as "The Club", provides everything from iPads to the wrestling team preloaded with every Brock Lesnar wrestling match ever recorded to ball carts for the boys basketball team. Their contributions to Weiser High School have helped win everything from championships on the field to verdicts in the courtroom. Their influence on both the athletic and cultural landscape in Weiser, ID cannot be ignored. 
One of the main contributors to the Wolverines continued athletic success is from the influx of athletic talent to Weiser High School from it's main feeder school, the Weiser Middle School Wildcats. It is the Weiser Middle School's administrators commitment to athletic success which prepares students to be highly successful on both the field and court upon entering high school. This is especially true in both football and boys and girls basketball where the teams have won numerous district titles recently. Although the most dominant Wildcat team is the boys 8th grade football team which earned the elusive: "Decade of Dominance" award from the Pulitzer nominated newspaper, the Argus Observer, for their string of championships from 2003-2013. This recongnition led Weiser city official to designate October 21, 2013 as "Wildcat Day" and present the middle school administration with a Key to the City. However the day before the event it was discovered that the key could not be located and the city's budget couldn't accommodate the production of a new one. The event was postponed and has been tentatively rescheduled for October 21, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19825585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825585" title="Cho Sung-Hwan">
Cho Sung-Hwan

Cho Sung-Hwan (born 9 April 1982) is South Korean football defender who currently plays for Saudi Professional League club Muaither SC.
His previous clubs are Suwon Samsung Bluewings, Pohang Steelers, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in South Korea and Consadole Sapporo in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19825629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825629" title="J. S. Tissainayagam">
J. S. Tissainayagam

Jayaprakash Sittampalam Tissainayagam (known as J. S. Tissainayagam, Tamil: "ஜெயப்பிரகாஷ் சிற்றம்பலம் திசைநாயகம்") is a Sri Lankan journalist. He was detained by the Terrorism Investigation Division of the Sri Lanka Police on March 7, 2008. He was held without charge for almost 6 months and then indicted under the Prevention of Terrorism Act for intending to incite communal hatred through writing, and furthering terrorist acts through the collection of money for his publication. On August 31, 2009 he was convicted of the charges by the Colombo High Court and sentenced to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment. On 15 September 2009 Tissainayagam launched an appeal against his conviction at the Court of Appeal. He was released on bail by the Court of Appeal on 11 January 2010 on medical grounds. 
On May 3, 2010, to coincide with World Press Freedom Day, Tissainayagam was pardoned by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa. After his release he has moved to the United States.
Career.
J. S. Tissainayagam has been a journalist for 20 years. He worked for The Sunday Leader and the Sunday Times as well as many other newspapers before founding the "North Eastern Monthly", which would later become a monthly publication. He was also a columnist for the "Sunday Times".
2008 arrest and trial.
Tissainayagam was detained on March 7, 2008 by the Terrorism Investigation Division (TID) of the Sri Lanka Police. He was charged with afor intending to incite communal through writing, and furthering terrorists act through the collection of money for his magazine. Reporters Without Borders said that the magazine was actually funded by a German aid project. The magazine has since been closed down. 
During his trial, Tissanayagam claimed that he was harassed and threatened by the TID while under detention. He has also filed a Fundamental rights petition with the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka. The TID produced a confession signed by Tissanayagam as evidence against him. Tissanayagam claimed it was dictated to him, and he was pressured to write it.
The only other pieces of evidence that the Government presented against Tissainayagam was two paragraphs he had written;
"1. In a July 2006 editorial, under the headline, "Providing security to Tamils now will define northeastern politics of the future," Tissainayagam wrote: "It is fairly obvious that the government is not going to offer them any protection. In fact it is the state security forces that are the main perpetrator of the killings."
2. A part of a November 2006 article on the military offensive in Vaharai, in the east, which said, "Such offensives against the civilians are accompanied by attempts to starve the population by refusing them food as well as medicines and fuel, with the hope of driving out the people of Vaharai and depopulating it. As this story is being written, Vaharai is being subject to intense shelling and aerial bombardment."
On August 31, 2009, the High Court in Sri Lanka sentenced Tissainayagam to a total of 20 years rigorous imprisonment, for arousing "communal feelings" by writing and publishing articles that criticized the government's treatment of Sri Lankan Tamil civilians affected by the war, and for raising money to fund the magazine in which the articles were published in furtherance of terrorism. 
Tissainayagam appealed the ruling, and was granted bail on January 11, 2010 pending the outcome of his appeal.
Pardon.
On 3 May 2010 the Sri Lankan government announced that Tissainayagam would be pardoned by President Rajapaksa to mark the 2010 World Press Freedom Day. On 25 May 2010 Tissainayagam's lawyers filed an applications with the Court of Appeal to withdraw his appeal.
Reaction.
In a statement to mark the World Press Freedom Day, US President Barack Obama said Tissainayagam and other journalists like him were "guilty of nothing more than a passion for truth and a tenacious belief that a free society depends on an informed citizenry."
Amnesty International criticized the action taken upon J.S. Tissainayagam and expressed deep concerns for the journalist, naming him a prisoner of conscience. Bob Dietz, CPJ Asia Program Coordinator says "We condemn J.S. Tissainayagam’s long detention and harsh charges for publishing a magazine, which should not constitute an offence. This is the latest step by the Sri Lankan government to intimidate journalists who write about security issues."
During his detention without charge, among the people who expressed concern and opposition to this, were Sri Lankan religious leaders such as Colombo’s Anglican Bishop Reverend Duleep De Chickera and the Sinhala Buddhist monk Ven Samitha Thera.
The Sri Lankan government has defended his trial and conviction, with President Mahinda Rajapakse, saying the verdict was handed out by an independent judge and that the government can not interfere with the courts. Articles published in the "Daily News" stated "due process was observed and (Tissainayagam) was detained and tried in accordance with the law within 18 months", and that "attempts now being made to pooh-pooh the charges in the indictment filed against Tissanayagam, rather than seen as any part of a vibrant campaign for media freedom, can be seen as an attempt at interfering with the judiciary and judicial process of (Sri Lanka)".
During the trial, Prosecutor Sudarshana De Silva told the High Court "The Constitution gives freedom of press, but that doesn’t allow anybody to spread false information to spur ethnic violence".
However international Governments and press freedom groups both in and out of Sri Lanka condemned the ruling. The Asian Human Rights Commission likened the trial to the "show trials" of the Stalinist era.
Awards.
Tissainayagam has been named the first winner of the Peter Mackler Award for Courageous and Ethical Journalism. "We are happy to reward J.S. Tissainayagam in 2009, a terrible year for Sri Lanka," said Jean-Francois Julliard, secretary-general of the Paris-based press rights group Reporters Without Borders (RSF). "J.S. Tissainayagam is one of those and should never have been imprisoned," he said. "Sri Lankans have the right to be informed about what is happening on their island." 
Tissainayagam also won the Committee to Protect Journalists' International Press Freedom Award in 2009, but could not go to receive it due to his imprisonment.
In 2010, he was named Foreign Journalist of the Year at the British Press Awards. In 2011, he was honored with an Oxfam Novib/PEN Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19825696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825696" title="Kilanavayal">
Kilanavayal

Kilanavayal (Keelanavayal) () is a small village of terrace farmers in Mannavanur panchayat at the far eastern end of the Manjampatti Valley drainage basin in the Palani Hills. There is a road between Mannavanur and Kilanavayal. There is a trekking route from
Mannavanur via Keelanavayal (90 mins.) to ManjampattI (3 hours) and Thalinji (2 hours). It is in Kodaikanal block of Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu state, India. Altitude is at: .
Employment.
Out of 124 households reporting income, the means of livelihood are: casual labour 37, sub sistence cultivation 31, artisan 56, salary 3.
Health.
Drinking water for 124 households is supplied from a source within an elevation of more than 50 meters, while water for 99 households is from less than 50 meters. There is a lack of sanitary latrine facilities. Out of a total of 124 homes: 67 use open defection, 54 use a group latrine with regular water supply, none use a clean group latrine with regular water supply and a regular sweeper and only 3 use a private latrine. 
Education.
There is a Panchayat Union upper primary school here.
Out of 124 children 5–14 years old, 67 are working and not going to school, 56 are going to school and working and 1 is going to school and not working. Household literacy rate is 70%.

</doc>
<doc id="19825714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825714" title="Kerri Louise">
Kerri Louise

Kerri Louise is an American stand-up comedian. Louise was a finalist on the second season of Last Comic Standing and has appeared on television programs such as Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn and The View. Louise has performed at many of the leading comedy clubs throughout the world, including Caroline's, The TakeOut Comedy Club Hong Kong and The Comic Strip Live. 
Louise is married to Tom Cotter, who is also a notable stand-up comedian. They have worked together on different projects including "Two Funny", a 2006 reality show on WE tv.

</doc>
<doc id="19825718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825718" title="Perry Mason (radio)">
Perry Mason (radio)

The radio criminal serial Perry Mason, based on the novels of Erle Stanley Gardner, was broadcast on CBS Radio from 1943-1955. The series was adapted into "Edge of Night" which ran on television for an additional 30 years.
Adapting Perry Mason to other media.
Gardner's literary success with the Perry Mason novels convinced Hollywood to try its hand, unsuccessfully, with some motion pictures. However, the "Perry Mason" radio show stayed on the air for 12 years. The radio series was geared more towards action than courtroom drama.
As "Edge of Night (EON)", it ran for another 30 years on television, but Gardner disliked the proposed daytime television version due to a lack of his own creative control, ultimately withholding his endorsement of the daytime TV show, forcing the subsequent name change.
Radio cast.
The actors portraying Mason switched frequently over the first three years of the show's run, starting with Bartlett Robinson, then followed by Santos Ortega and Donald Briggs, before settling on John Larkin, who played the famous attorney for the remainder of the broadcast, as well as the equivalent character on "EON". Della Street, in turn, was portrayed by radio soap queens; Gertrude Warner, Jan Miner (Palmolive's "Madge" the Manicurist) and Joan Alexander (radio's Lois Lane).
Transition to TV.
Radio's Mason has more in common, in all but name, with the daytime serial "The Edge of Night" than the prime time "Perry Mason" television show. As many radio serials moved to television, so was to be the destiny of "Perry Mason". However, Gardner disagreed with the direction of the new show and pulled his support. The sponsor, Procter & Gamble hired the writers and staff of the "Perry Mason" radio series, the show was retooled, and it became "The Edge of Night". The characters and setting were renamed. Erle Stanley Gardner eventually aligned himself with the nighttime courtroom drama.
"The Edge of Night".
The show was originally conceived as the daytime television version of "Perry Mason". Mason's creator, Erle Stanley Gardner, was to create and write the show, but a last-minute tiff between him and the CBS network caused Gardner to pull his support from the idea. CBS insisted that Mason be given a love interest to placate daytime soap opera audiences, but Gardner flatly refused to take Mason in that direction. Gardner would eventually patch up his differences with CBS and "Perry Mason" would debut in prime time in 1957.
"Perry Mason".
Perry Mason is an American TV series that ran from 1957 to 1966. Perry Mason was played by Raymond Burr. The title character is a fictional defense attorney who originally appeared in detective fiction by Erle Stanley Gardner. The plot is essentially the same in each episode: Mason's client is put on trial for murder, but Mason is able to establish his client's innocence by dramatically demonstrating the guilt of another character. The murderer nearly always breaks down and confesses to the crime in the courtroom, if not on the witness stand.
Two of the actors who at different times played Perry Mason on radio, Bartlett Robinson and John Larkin, played various other characters in several episodes of the 1957-66 Raymond Burr television version of Perry Mason.

</doc>
<doc id="19825734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825734" title="Gangssibong">
Gangssibong

Gangssibong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its sits on the boundary between the city of Pocheon and the county of Gapyeong. Gangssibong has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19825774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825774" title="Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad">
Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad

The Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad (known as the "Met" or "Polly "L"") was the third elevated rapid transit line to be built in Chicago, Illinois and was the first of Chicago’s elevated lines to be electrically powered. The line ran from downtown Chicago to Marshfield Avenue with branches to Logan Square, Humboldt Park, Garfield Park, and Douglas Park (eventually extended to the suburb of Berwyn, Illinois). Portions of the line survive as the Blue and Pink lines of the Chicago 'L' system.
Operation.
At 6 o'clock AM on May 7, 1895, the first train of the Metropolitan West Side Elevated left the Robey Street station bound for the downtown terminal at Canal.
Consolidation.
In 1913, Chicago's four elevated railroad companies came together to form the Chicago Elevated Railways Collateral Trust establishing crosstown services for the first time, and in 1924 all four companies were formally united to form the Chicago Rapid Transit Company. The Chicago Transit Authority took over the assets of the CRT in 1947. In 1952, the Douglas branch was shortened to its present terminal at 54th/Cermak and the Humboldt Park branch was closed. The construction of the Congress Street Super Highway (known today as the Eisenhower Expressway, I-290) required the demolition of the Garfield Park branch and the Main Line but also called for a replacement rapid transit line in the median of the expressway. In 1958, Garfield Service was replaced by the new Congress Line. Today the Douglas Park branch of the Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad and the remaining portion of the Northwest branch (now called the Paulina Connector) continues as the majority of the CTA's Pink Line while the Logan Square branch continues on as part of the O'Hare branch of the Blue Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19825776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825776" title="Garisan (Gyeonggi)">
Garisan (Gyeonggi)

Garisan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its sits on the boundary between the city of Pocheon and the county of Gapyeong. Garisan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19825814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825814" title="USS W. L. Bartlett (1861)">
USS W. L. Bartlett (1861)

USS "W. F. Bartlett" was a schooner acquired by the United States Navy in 1861.
"W. L. Bartlett" was a wooden-hulled Chesapeake Bay schooner acquired by the U.S. Navy on 13 August 1861 at Baltimore, Maryland. The Navy planned to use "W. L. Bartlett" and 21 other similar craft as blockships at entrances to inlets leading to the North Carolina sounds. The project — the U.S. Navy's first "stone fleet" venture -— ultimately failed.
No record of "W. L. Bartlett"'s ultimate fate has been found.

</doc>
<doc id="19825841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825841" title="Jantarkhani">
Jantarkhani

Jantarkhani is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1381 living in 266 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825844" title="Jyamire, Okhaldhunga">
Jyamire, Okhaldhunga

Jyamire, Okhaldhunga is a Village Development Committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2344 residing in 422 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825851" title="Kalikadevi">
Kalikadevi

Kalikadevi is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1811 living in 326 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825855" title=".500 Nitro Express">
.500 Nitro Express

The .500 Nitro Express is a .510 caliber (13 mm) big bore hunting cartridge. It was designed for use in single shot and double rifles. The cartridge is available in two lengths: a and a version. The cartridge was designed for use against large dangerous game species in Africa and India.
History and origins.
The nomenclature .500 Nitro Express refers to a one of three specific loading of the .500 Express case. The other loadings are now called (for the sake of clarity) the .500 Black Powder Express (BPE) and .500 Nitro for Black Powder (Nitro for BPE). The names given to these loadings are of more modern origin to help one differentiate between them. The original cartridge was simply known as the .500 Express. The cartridge is one of the original Express cartridges which originated in the black powder era and made the transition into the smokeless powder era.
The .500 Black Powder Express, as the name indicates was designed for use with black powder. It is unknown as to who or which company originally designed the cartridge except that it was designed sometime in the 1860s in the United Kingdom. Several manufacturers of firearms produced rifles and loaded ammunition for the cartridge type, however significant differences and variations existed between manufacturers. For the most part, due to the relatively low working pressures of these rifles and ammunition there was little to no danger associated with the use of these cartridges in a particular rifle.
The .500 Nitro for Black Powder cartridge used the same general case type as the .500 Black Powder Express but was loaded with cordite instead of black powder and appeared on the scene sometime in the 1890s. The cartridge was intended for firearms designed to fire the .500 Black Powder Express and pressures were kept low enough so as to operate safely in these older black-powder firearms yet provided a substantial increase in performance over the black-powder–loaded cartridge.
Cordite, which was invented in 1889, gave cartridges a greater performance envelope than black powder at the expense of pressure. Rifles that were designed for use with cordite cartridges required stronger actions which were able to withstand the significantly higher pressures to take advantage of the increase in performance offered by cordite. As the working pressure of the .500 Nitro Express cartridge was significantly higher than the black-powder cartridge, variations between manufacturers of the same ammunition would result in damage to the firearms and injury to the shooter. For this reason there is an acknowledged standard between manufacturers for the .500 Nitro Express cartridge but not for the earlier black-powder cartridge.
Since cordite contained guncotton (nitrocellulose) and nitroglycerine, cartridges loaded with this formulation were often prefixed by “nitro” as a means of differentiation. The suffix “Express” denotes the comparatively higher velocity of the cartridge drawing from the analogy of the express trains from that period of time. 
After World War II as many of colonies of the United Kingdom gained independence the popularity of the Nitro Express cartridges began to wane. Renewed interest in dangerous game hunting in Africa has in turn renewed the interest in the Nitro Express cartridges including the .500 Nitro Express.
Both the version and the version of the cartridge are loaded to the same performance level .
Design and specifications.
The large capacity of the .500 Express case is due to the cartridge originally being designed to use black powder as a propellant. The case has a case capacity of 138 grains of H2O (8.96 cm3) while the case has a capacity of 158 grains of H2O (10.30 cm3). 
The CIP regulates the version of the cartridge but not the version.
The CIP recommends 7 groove barrel with a twist rate of 1:15. The barrel is to have a groove Ø of and a bore Ø of with a groove width of . Maximum average peak pressure for the cartridge is for the version of the cartridge. While the CIP does not regulate the version of this cartridge this cartridge is loaded to a lower pressure of . Except for length and overall length, the version of the has the similar dimensions as the case.
Performance.
The .500 Nitro Express provided a leap in stopping power and performance over its black powder rivals. The .500 Nitro Express was loaded with jacketed bullets giving it far better results against dangerous game than the .500 BPE or Nitro BPE. Furthermore the bullets had better sectional density which taken together with the fact that the bullet was jacketed, provided far greater penetration on dangerous game such as Cape buffalo and African elephant.
When compared to the then more popular .450 Nitro Express, the .500 Nitro Express fires a heavier bullet with about a 25% greater cross-sectional area and similar sectional density at an equal velocity. The typical .500 Nitro Express generates about 20% more energy than the .450 Nitro Express cartridge. The .500 Nitro Express is considered to be superior to the smaller caliber Nitro Express cartridges in killing power.
The .500 Nitro Express cartridge produces substantial recoil. Factory ammunition typically produce of recoil energy at a recoil velocity of using a rifle which is similar to the recoil of the .458 Lott fired in an rifle.
The trajectory of the .500 Nitro Express is similar to that of the .30-30 Winchester cartridge with a Flat Nose bullet. The Hornady DGX and DGS ammunition which has the performance characteristics of typical .500 NE ammunition has an MPBR (maximum point blank range) of . For these reasons the .500 Nitro Express should be considered a short range cartridge.
Sporting usage.
The .500 Nitro Express was designed as a hunting cartridge for use against large and heavy dangerous game such as Cape buffalo, rhinoceros and African elephant. The bullet has excellent sectional density which is required for work against dangerous game out to and provides adequate penetration for the hunting of thick-skinned, dangerous game. Some professional African hunters have complained that the taper of the 570 grain bullet toward the nose, increases the incidents of bullet "fish tailing" during penetration causing the bullet to not maintain a straight course. The solid bullet is used mainly for elephant but is also used in some situations for Cape buffalo and rhinoceros when the extra penetration provided by these non-expanding bullets is desired. Mated with the solid bullet, the .500 Nitro Express has become the quintessential elephant cartridge on the African savanna. The round nose soft point bullet is used on most other game species.
Unlike some of the more modern cartridges such as the .460 Weatherby, the .500 Nitro Express it is not considered too powerful for use against the big cats. The big cats do not require the more stoutly constructed bullet as they are neither heavy-bodied nor have thick skin, and are best served with a more lightly constructed bullet that is capable of expanding quickly such as the A-Square Lion Load or the Woodleigh Soft Nose.
In North America cartridges such as the .500 Nitro Express see little use as no North American game species requires the cartridges in the same class as the .500 Nitro Express. Nevertheless, there can be no doubt that the cartridge would be a very effective stopper against a charge by one of the large bears or bison should it be carried in the field.
Ammunition.
During the heyday of hunting every major manufacturer of British dangerous game rifles produced ammunition for the .500 Nitro Express rifles. However, by the 1960s only Kynoch was left producing ammunition. Due to the lack of interest Kynoch ended production of the Nitro Express cartridges in 1970.
As African hunting safaris became more popular from the 1990s onward there has been a renewed interest in the cartridge. Whereas before mainstream American ammunition manufacturers hardly ever showed an interest in the British big bore ammunition, demand created by American hunters spurred on companies such as A-Square, Federal, and Hornady to offer ammunition for these cartridge types. Eley, which had purchased Kynoch, licensed the brand name to Kynamco in Suffolk in the United Kingdom. Kynamco now offers British sporting cartridges including the Nitro Express cartridge for sale using the Kynoch brand name. Norma of Sweden has also begun to offer this cartridge for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="19825869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825869" title="Kaptigaun">
Kaptigaun

Kaptigaun is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="19825872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825872" title="Katunje">
Katunje

Katunje is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4027 living in 824 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825874" title="Paul Meijer">
Paul Meijer

Paul Ronald Johan Meijer (born March 27, 1985 in Utrecht) is a Dutch racing driver. He is a former Benelux Formula Renault champion.
Career.
As many formula drivers, Paul started his career in karting at the age of 10.
He participated in national and international competitions.
In 2001 Paul participated in a Challenge organized by Avaya Communications, with 7 candidates.
He won the Challenge and earned a season driving in the first Dutch Toyota Yaris Cup for free.
The ex Formula One racing driver Jan Lammers took Paul into the Formula Ford in 2002.
With Racing for Holland Paul learned the essentials about driving a formula racing car and participated in the Benelux Formula Ford Championship.
During this education Paul also tested the DOME S101 sportcar at Magny Cours.
In 203, he won the Benelux Formula Renault 2.0 with AR Motorsport. He also debuted in the European Championship of this serie.
As Dutch Champion a test is offered him in the Formula Renault V6. Later that year he also tested with Fortec in a Formula 3 car at Silverstone.
The Italian team Vergani Racing invited Paul into the World Serie light by Nissan. In November that year he tested at the circuits of Albecete and Jarama and on both occasions he drove the fastest laps of the day. The team invited Paul for the final race weekend, where he finished third.
In 2004 Meijer entered the strong competition of the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0. With his team AR Motorsport he became 6th in the Championship and finished 3 times second, 3 times fourth and 2 times fifth.
At the side he participated also in the Benelux Formula Renault 2.0 Championship and could only drive 7 out 12 races. He finished 6 times first and 1 time second.
In 2005 and 2006 Paul Meijer did not drive a racing car because sponsors could not be interested.
For 2007, AR Motorsport invited Paul to test their cars. After being absent on the tracks for almost 2,5 years Paul still is very fast and within ten minutes he has pole-position again in the training. Reason enough for teamchef Ronald Heiligers to interest Marius Ritskes (Antonov Transmissions) to invite Paul for the last three race weekends in the North European Championship of Formula Renault 2.0. (NEC) He won 2 out of six races and finished second in the other 4 races.
Ritskes also arranged a test in the Lamborghini Gallardo in Spain with the team of Hans Reiter. After 40 laps the teams calls him in with applause.
In 2008 Meijer has been asked to drive for several teams as a guest driver. The Dutch team MP Motorsport has been offered a wildcard in the Eurocup Formule Renault 2.0. They invited Paul to be there driver. Paul had no experience with the team but accepted the offer. Within a very competitive field of 48 young race drivers he won the race on Sunday 4 th of May.
Superleague Formula.
When Peter Zakowsky's driver of the Borussia Dortmund car suddenly did not show up during the Superleague Formula races in Zolder, Paul was asked to do the job through mediation of Tom Coronel. This was his chance to show what he was capable of in the top league of autosport (750 hp). He never drove a car with this kind of power so it was quite a challenge
The question was popped on Thursday, on Friday the seat was made and on Saturday he got 2 times 30 minutes to train in the car. After that he started qualifying, which includes 2 semi finals shoot-outs and a final. Paul amazed the team and the organization to get the pole-position, leaving ex Formula One drivers with nothing. At a rainy track he finished third.
As a rookie driver he made quite a debut in this field. Al Ain selected Paul and offered him a seat for the last three weekends in Estoril, Vallelunga and Jerez.
In Estoril he won the second race.
Unfortunately the season ended to soon, caused by crash during the first practise in Vallelunga, where Paul broke his hand.

</doc>
<doc id="19825876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825876" title="North Hills Historic District">
North Hills Historic District

The North Hills Historic District is a residential subdivision in north Knoxville, Tennessee, United States, that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in September 2008 as a historic district. The subdivision was established in 1927 by the North Hills Corporation as a neighborhood of custom-built homes, catering to middle-class families. The historic district includes 130 houses on about . At the time of its listing on the National Register, it was described by the Tennessee Historical Commission as a good example of mid-20th century residential architecture.
Location.
The North Hills Historic District is located about two miles northeast of downtown Knoxville. Interstate 40 passes just south of the district, and Broadway (U.S. Route 441) passes just to the west. Washington Pike divides the district from the Whittle Springs area to the north. Contributing properties in the district are found along Abbey Road, Fountain Park Boulevard, Kenilworth Lane, Kennington Road, North Hills Boulevard, North Park Boulevard.
The "entrance" to North Hills is located at the intersection of Washington Pike and North Hills Boulevard. On each side of the entrance, there are stone gateposts with marble plaques reading "North Hills." North Hills Boulevard, North Park Boulevard, and Fountain Park Boulevard are true boulevards, with grassy medians dividing the right and left lanes. 
History.
With the advent of the automobile in the 1920s, many middle-class and affluent Knoxvillians began moving from the city's urban neighborhoods to automobile-oriented neighborhoods on the city's periphery. It was during this period that developer George Fieldan and his brothers, Hugh and Carl, founded the North Hills Corporation with the intent of establishing such a neighborhood. In 1927, the Fieldans purchased encompassing what is now North Hills Boulevard, Fountain Park Boulevard, and Kenilworth Lane, and began laying off lots. The first house, 1929 North Hills Boulevard, was erected that same year. 
In 1928, the North Hills Corporation enacted several measures to ensure North Hills would remain an exclusive neighborhood. These included restrictive covenants that limited the neighborhood to residential use, set a minimum house size of six rooms and minimum home construction cost of 5,000 (in 1928), specified allowable exterior and roofing materials, mandated design approval by the North Hills Corporation, and banned sales "outside of the Caucasian race." As an automobile-oriented neighborhood, North Hills was too far (almost two miles) from the nearest streetcar line to be attractive for people who depended on public transportation. 
By 1933, seventy-five houses had been built in North Hills, and 175 lots remained available. Along with the Fieldans themselves, early residents included doctors, attorneys, University of Tennessee professors, executives of local companies, and Southern Railway employees. The establishment of the Tennessee Valley Authority in 1933 helped the neighborhood continue to develop during the Great Depression, as a number of new lots were sold to TVA employees. 
The Fieldan brothers managed the North Hills Corporation into the 1950s, and the North Hills subdivision continued to expand during this period. The neighborhood's mix of architectural styles is typical for the mid-20th century. For the earliest houses in North Hills (i.e., late 1920s), the most common styles were Tudor Revival, Colonial Revival, and Spanish Colonial Revival. During the 1930s, the most commons styles were English Cottage Revival and Minimal Traditional, with the latter remaining common throughout the 1940s. Ranch-style houses were common among new houses built North Hills during the 1950s.
Notable properties.
The North Hills Historic District contains 130 contributing houses and 28 contributing outbuildings (garages, sheds, etc.). The district also includes several contributing sites, namely the boulevard medians, streetscapes, and North Hills Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19825884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825884" title="Butler County Regional Airport">
Butler County Regional Airport

Butler County Regional Airport , also known as Hogan Field, is a public airport located in Hamilton, Ohio, United States. The airport is located at 2820 Airport Road East in Hamilton. It is owned by the Butler County Board of Commissioners.
Facilities.
Butler County Regional Airport covers an area of and contains one asphalt paved runway designated 11/29. The runway measures . For the twelve-month period ending in June 2007, the airport had 61,687 aircraft operations, an average of 169 per day: 79.6% were general aviation, 20.4% were air taxi, and 0% were military. There are 172 aircraft based at this airport; 138 are single-engine, 25 are multi-engine, 6 are jets, and 3 are helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="19825888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825888" title="Byron W. Bender">
Byron W. Bender

Byron W. Bender (born August 14, 1929) is an emeritus professor of linguistics at the University of Hawaii specializing in Micronesian languages, primarily Marshallese, and Oceanic languages more generally. He joined the Department of Linguistics in 1965, serving as its chair (1969–1995) and as editor of its journal "Oceanic Linguistics" (1991–2007). He also served the University as president of its faculty union (1983–1988) and as a member of the Board of Regents (2003–present).
Born in Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania, Bender received a B.A. in English from Goshen College in Indiana in 1949, and an M.A. in linguistics from Indiana University in 1950. After spending 1953–1959 teaching in the Marshall Islands in what was then the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands under U.S. administration, he returned to teach linguistics and anthropology at Goshen College in 1960–1962 before completing a Ph.D. in linguistics from Indiana University in 1963. His dissertation analyzed Marshallese place names. In 1962–1964, he served as English Program Supervisor for the Trust Territory, then taught English at the University of Hawaii before joining the Department of Linguistics. 

</doc>
<doc id="19825903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825903" title="Nelly Dean">
Nelly Dean

Ellen "Nelly" Dean is a female character in Emily Brontë's novel, "Wuthering Heights." She is the main narrator for the story, and gives key eyewitness accounts as to what happens between the characters. Ellen is for the most part called "Nelly" by all characters.
Story.
A tenant named Lockwood visits the household of Wuthering Heights at the beginning of the story, and is overcome with shock when he believes he has seen the ghost of Catherine Earnshaw at a window in one of the chambers of the Heights. Eager to know the story of the master of the Heights, Heathcliff, Lockwood returns to Thrushcross Grange, his temporary residence, where he asks Nelly, the housekeeper, to tell him all that she knows.
Nelly's mother was a servant at the Heights, and helped raise Hindley Earnshaw; Nelly was thus a foster sister and servant to Hindley and his sister, Catherine Earnshaw, at Wuthering Heights. Nelly is the same age as Hindley, about six years older than Cathy. When an orphan boy named Heathcliff is brought to live at the Heights, Nelly is witness to the misfortunes that he brings with him, the affection that Mr Earnshaw has for him (which leads to Hindley's bitter jealousy) and, above all, the childhood companionship between him and Catherine which eventually blossoms into a passionate love.
When Edgar Linton of Thrushcross Grange asks Catherine for her hand in marriage, Catherine confides in Nelly, explaining her distress. As a result, Nelly is the only witness to Catherine's famous "I "am" Heathcliff" speech, which has become iconic in literary history. Nelly's own reaction to it, though, is derisive and incredulous.
An arguably more significant event witnessed by Nelly, however, is the rapid loss of health and sanity of Hindley, which leads her to nurse the infant Hareton Earnshaw after his mother dies of consumption.
After Catherine marries and Heathcliff mysteriously disappears for three years, Nelly goes with the former to Thrushcross Grange. She is thus witness to Heathcliff's ominous return and his quest for revenge on both Hindley and the Linton family. She is also present for Catherine's maddening illness and psychological delusions, as well as Cathy's final meeting with her soul mate Heathcliff.
Catherine's death after childbirth causes Nelly to nurse another child, Catherine Linton. Nelly tenderly adores Cathy, and, fearing for her future, she and Edgar try desperately to keep the innocent yet curious girl from falling into Heathcliff's machinations. Heathcliff succeeds in spite of them, and Cathy is forced into a marriage with his weak and quickly-dying son Linton. Cathy's misery at Wuthering Heights is one of the few sequences of events that Nelly does not witness for herself: she has been ordered by Heathcliff to remain at the Grange, but, inveterate gossip that she is, she manages to hear of it from Zillah, the housekeeper at the Heights.
Nelly continues to fight to restore peace at Wuthering Heights and, at the conclusion of the novel, is asked by Heathcliff to come back to work there. She is the one who finds Heathcliff dead in his chamber, enabling the New Year's Day marriage of Cathy and Hareton. Despite Heathcliff's dreadful treatment of her erstwhile charges, Nelly is "stunned by the awful event; and my memory unavoidably recurred to former times with a sort of oppressive sadness."
Character.
Nelly is an archetype of the unreliable narrator, as is Lockwood. The nesting narrative betrays the innocence of both as unbiased; the former being too close to events, whilst the latter was not involved at all. She insists that she does not love Catherine Earnshaw because of her "saucy", strong-willed manner, but cries bitterly at her death. Nelly nurses both Cathy and Hareton, although it is the former whom she truly raises and forever adores. Little is known of Nelly's life, and, although she is called "Mrs Dean" by Mr. Lockwood, it may likely be a form of a respectful address. However, it is not made clear whether Ellen is a wet nurse to the children. When seen from a Marxist point of view, Nelly takes on the role of society. Lacking to mention a husband would be indicative of the social and professional pressures on a woman who "had to mind her place"; Nelly had a job and a house to keep. Although Nelly constantly complains about the Earnshaws and Lintons, she never once ceases to pursue her wish to finally bring peace to both Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange.
While this has been the common interpretation of Nelly, James Hafley's 1958 article, "The Villain in Wuthering Heights" rejects this view, arguing that she only seems like the moral centre of the novel because of the instability and violence of the world she describes. Looked at objectively, she is the true villain in the novel, driving the majority of the conflicts. Lockwood's faith in her story is taken as the ultimate mark of his innocence.
Nelly often hints at being in love with Hindley Earnshaw: she dislikes Frances, she cries bitterly at his death, she does not want to leave Wuthering Heights, she loves his son, Hareton, like a mother, and is shattered when he snubs her.

</doc>
<doc id="19825907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825907" title="Aka II of Commagene">
Aka II of Commagene

Aka II of Commagene also known as Aka II or Aka () was a Princess from the Kingdom of Commagene who lived in the second half of the 1st century BC & first half of the 1st century, who was of Armenian, Greek and Median descent.
Aka II is one of the daughters born to the King of Commagene, Mithridates III who reigned from 20 BC until 12 BC from his cousin-wife Queen Iotapa, thus was a sister of Antiochus III of Commagene. She was mostly probably born, raised and educated in Samosata, the capital of the Kingdom of Commagene. Aka II is the namesake of Aka I of Commagene, a former Commagenian Princess who was the daughter of Antiochis of Commagene who was the first cousin of her parents.
At an unknown date in the late first century BC, Aka II married an Egyptian Greek called Thrasyllus of Mendes and the circumstances that led Thrasyllus to marry Aka II are unknown. Aka II is known from a preserved incomplete poem, that mentions Aka II as the wife of Thrasyllus and mentions she was of royal origins. 
Thrasyllus was a Grammarian, Literary Commentator who served as the astrologer and became the personal friend of the Roman emperor Tiberius, who reigned from 14 until 37. As Tiberius had held Thrasyllus in the highest honor, Tiberius rewarded Thrasyllus for his friendship by giving him, Roman citizenship to him and his family. From given Roman citizenship, Aka II became known as "Claudia Aka", as her husband became known as "Tiberius Claudius Thrasyllus". Aka II died at an unknown date in the first century.
Aka II bore Thrasyllus two known children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19825912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825912" title="Ketuke">
Ketuke

Ketuke is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2912.

</doc>
<doc id="19825915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825915" title="Khiji Chandeshwori">
Khiji Chandeshwori

Khiji Chandeshwori खिँजी-खिँचि is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3001 living in 590 individual households.
1. Khichi/khijee (खिँजी-खिँचि) Name of Father Koich(Sunuwar) सुनुवार जाति
The Village: Khijee Chandeswory Village Development Committee (VDC) is situated in Eastern Development Region of the country. The district is Okhaldhunga and the zone is Sagarmatha. The VDC covers around 35 square kilometers with around 4000 villagers. The village has one secondary school.
The Villagers:
Around 83% out of around 4000 villagers are from indigenous group of people. Their caste is called Sunuwar (Mukhiya) (Kirat)Dynasty. They have their own traditions, cultures, language and customs etc. The rest are NEWAR (also indigenous), DAMAI (socially discriminated people, so called small caste), KAMI (socially discriminated people, so called small caste), Bhujel, Newar, SHERPA (also indigenous people). 
The Occupation:
Around 95% of villagers are depended on agriculture. They have little piece of land where they cultivate crops in a traditional way. The agriculture products last for only 6–8 months and the rest of the year they just live with half stomach. 
The Education: 
Education is light of life. In Khijee Chandeswory Village Development Committee, there is no even a university. After the completion of lower secondary and high secondary education the students need to walk at least 90 minutes to reach the 10+2 which are situated in other Villages. There are very few students who have the luck to see the college and university. They can be count on fingers. 
Developmental Activities:
The district headquarter is situated around 35 kilometers far from the village. All most all local development administrations are situated in the headquarter of the district. Being an uneducated people there are no one to support for the development of the village. There is no any infrastructural development in the village except a health post and a lower secondary school. It takes around 18 hours to reach the close road transportation from the village. Many people even just day dream about motor-bus and aero-planes. They did not see the real motor buses and aero planes in their life. There is no electricity so the villagers have to depend on wood fuel. There is no safe drinking water and irrigation for agriculture. There is no any scientific cultivation system. People just follow traditional agriculture system and depend on rainfall for cultivation.All the above mentioned truths are the true-story of Khijee Chandeswory Village.khijee,
khijee video,khijee web
The new route of Everes BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19825920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825920" title="Khijifalate">
Khijifalate

Khijifalate is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2944 living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825921" title="George M. Keller">
George M. Keller

George Matthew Keller (December 3, 1923 – October 17, 2008) was the chairman of Standard Oil Company of California ("SoCal") in the 1980s, where he oversaw its merger with Gulf Oil to form Chevron Corporation in 1984.
Life and career.
Keller was born on December 3, 1923 in Kansas City, Missouri. After his mother died while Keller was a youngster, he was raised by an aunt who fostered an interest in science. He developed a strong fascination with chemistry after visiting the DuPont exhibit at the Century of Progress World's Fair in Chicago in 1933.
Keller enrolled at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and ultimately graduated from the school in 1948. He left the school as a sophomore and enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps, serving as a meteorologist in Labrador. He chose a position at Standard Oil Company of California in San Francisco after graduation.
At Standard Oil, Keller's specialty was designing refineries. He rose through the ranks and had assignments that included the first discovery of oil in Saudi Arabia, made in 1938, for which Keller received a replica of the sword of Mohammed as a gift.
Keller became chairman of Standard Oil in 1981, succeeding Harold J. Haynes as chairman and chief executive officer. As the company's head, Keller fostered an informal management style and a more aggressive approach to risk.
In 1984, Keller and SoCal were caught in a bidding war with T. Boone Pickens over Gulf Oil. Keller had originally been reluctant to join the wave of mergers spreading through the industry based on his analysis that the firm could acquire new oil reserves at lower cost through exploration and drilling, rather than by purchasing competitors. After a detailed analysis of Gulf Oil's financial records, Keller and his team came up with a price of $79 per share. Keller upped the bid to $80 per share at the last minute, providing the margin that won Gulf in an acquisition valued at $13.3 billion. Though the deal added significantly to the firm's debt load, it was able to double the combined firm's oil reserves, with most of the cost covered by the sale of assets that had been part of Gulf Oil.
In August 1988, Chevron named Kenneth T. Derr as chairman to succeed Keller, who would be reaching the mandatory retirement age of 65. Keller was to leave office as of January 1, 1989.
Later in life he became a prolific San Francisco Bay Area philanthropist. He died from complications of orthopedic surgery at Stanford University Hospital near his home in San Mateo in 2008.
Mr. Keller's son, Bill, (born January 18, 1949) is the former Executive Editor of The New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="19825923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825923" title="Kuibhir">
Kuibhir

Kuibhir Chasku is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2121 living in 419 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19825959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825959" title="Nikola Jolović">
Nikola Jolović

Nikola Jolović (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Јоловић; born 4 May 1979) is a retired Serbian football defender.
Club career.
Jolović spent three years with Zemun, before transferring to Russian club Torpedo Moscow in the summer of 2001. He stayed there until the summer of 2005, before moving to Saturn. Jolović also played for Azerbaijani club Inter Baku, before returning to his homeland in 2008. He finished his football career after playing with Čukarički and OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga.
International career.
Jolović made six appearances and scored one goal for the Yugoslav national under-21 team during the qualification campaign for the 2002 UEFA Under-21 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19825986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825986" title="Mark J. Kadish">
Mark J. Kadish

Mark J. Kadish is an American judge, professor, attorney, author, and legal commentator. He received his law degree from New York University in 1967.
Career.
Kadish jointly published Volume I of "Criminal Law Advocacy", has written numerous articles for professional journals and has lectured nationally. He has been a professor of law at both Emory University and at Georgia State University. Kadish was a faculty member of the Advanced National Trial Advocacy College]and was Co-Faculty Director of the Atlanta Bar Association College of Trial Advocacy as well as the Chair of the Criminal Defense Section of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America.
Kadish's public service includes a review of the Atlanta city court system after appointment by the Mayor of Atlanta. He has taught at Mercer University. He has been a speaker at various judicial conferences. He was a part-time pro hac judge in the Atlanta Municipal Court and is currently a part-time magistrate judge in the State Court of Fulton County. He teaches educational programs to magistrate judges, and is a commentator on various television and radio station programs.
My Lai massacre court martial case.
Kadish served as counsel in the My Lai massacre court martial case which gained world-wide attention because hundreds of undefended Vietnamese civilians were not only killed, but also sexually abused, tortured, beaten, and mutilated. The March 16, 1968 My Lai massacre was a critical event that outraged many people around the world. Kadish's interview of a key witness led attorney F. Lee Bailey to a major turning point in the case. Witnesses appeared to be conflicted between supporting their country's war efforts and balancing humanitarian interests. Some refused to testify while others stated they would perjure themselves in an attempt to find their own justice in the case. The publicity of the My Lai massacre was a major reason support of the Vietnam War reduced both in the United States and around the world. The three men who objected to the My Lai massacre were threatened and publicly humiliated. Thirty years later, the men were honored for their efforts.
Other notable cases.
Kadish also represented Sydney Ashkenazie who alleged to have found a painting, once credited to Rembrandt, stolen by the Nazis during World War II. Ashkenazie had hoped the painting would bring a value of US$20 million. Ashkenazie states it was also Kadish who brought attorney F. Lee Bailey into the case. Kadish has been a frequent legal commentator on such high-profile criminal cases as the O. J. Simpson murder case and on the Atlanta Gold Club organized crime case.

</doc>
<doc id="19825992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825992" title="Nichola Simpson">
Nichola Simpson

Nichola Simpson (born 10 October 1956) is an athlete from Oxford, Great Britain. She competes in compound archery, and has reached a career high of 4th in the FITA world rankings (23 August 2008).
Simpson is a member of Oxford Archers, and is coached by her husband Ian Simpson.
Notable achievements.
Having take up archery in 1987, Nichola has been a member of the GB women's compound team since 1993, with whom she won Gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. She won Bronze at the 2nd World Cup leg in San Salvador in 2006, which was Great Britain's first Archery World Cup medal. She had her most successful season to date in 2007, winning silver at 2 world cup events, in Porec and Boé and also the silver medal at the year end Grand Final in Lausanne.
Records.
Nichola currently holds the following British records (correct 27 March 2013):
Awards.
Nichola was awarded the Oxfordshire Sportswoman of the year award in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19825993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19825993" title="Richard Rust">
Richard Rust

Richard Rust (July 13, 1938—November 9, 1994) was an American actor of stage, television, and film born in Boston, probably best remembered for his role as a young lawyer in NBC's "Sam Benedict" series. Rust's mother died when he was five, and his father was an officer in the United States Navy. Therefore, Rust lived with an aunt in New York City, where he studied at the Neighborhood Playhouse at 340 East 54th Street in Manhattan.
In 1957, Rust was chosen as a replacement in Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night", with Fredric March (1897–1975) and Florence Eldridge, March's wife. The play was performed in the prestigious Helen Hayes Theatre.
In 1958, Rust signed a contract with Columbia Pictures, along with other young Hollywood aspirants Michael Callan and Yvonne Craig. He appeared in 1959 in "The Legend of Tom Dooley", a Western film starring Michael Landon, unrelated to the popular song "Tom Dooley" released the previous year by The Kingston Trio. In 1959, he was cast with Roscoe Ates and Andy Clyde in the episode "Well of Gold" of the NBC children's western series, "Buckskin", starring Tom Nolan. Rust was cast in 1960 in the crime drama film, "This Rebel Breed", about rival narcotics gangs in high schools.
He starred in 1960 as Dobie with Randolph Scott in the Western film "Comanche Station". His films in 1961 included "Homicidal", a thriller starring Glenn Corbett, and "Underworld U.S.A.", a study of revenge starring Cliff Robertson. He starred as Oliver in the 1962 film "Walk on the Wild Side" with Laurence Harvey. During this period, Rust also appeared in several western television programs, including "Black Saddle" with Peter Breck, "The Man from Blackhawk" starring Robert Rockwell, "The Rifleman" starring Chuck Connors, "Gunsmoke" with James Arness, "Tales of Wells Fargo" starring Dale Robertson, "Johnny Ringo" with Don Durant, and "Have Gun – Will Travel" with Richard Boone.
He twice guest starred on ABC/Warner Brothers series, "Bourbon Street Beat" with Andrew Duggan, and "77 Sunset Strip" with Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. Rust guest starred on other ABC/WB programs too, including "Sugarfoot" with Will Hutchins, "Bronco" with Ty Hardin, "Lawman" with John Russell, and "The Roaring 20s". Rust appeared on the syndicated series, "The Brothers Brannagan" with Stephen Dunne and Mark Roberts, and "Rescue 8", with Jim Davis and Lang Jeffries. He guest starred too on James Franciscus's short-lived CBS series, "The Investigators".
In 1962, Rust procured the role of the 24-year-old attorney Hank Tabor on "Sam Benedict", with Edmond O'Brien. More than sixty competitors sought the role but Rust prevailed because of his acting experience and his educational background. The series, which ran for twenty-eight episodes, was slated against the new variety programs launched by Roy Rogers and Dale Evans on ABC, which proved unsuccessful too, and Jackie Gleason on CBS.
After "Sam Benedict", Rust appeared in various television programs, including Gary Lockwood's "The Lieutenant", which occupied the former time slot on Saturday nights held the previous year by "Sam Benedict". He guest starred on three episodes of "Have Gun – Will Travel" starring Richard Boone, two episodes of "Perry Mason" with Raymond Burr, "Bonanza", Christopher George's "The Rat Patrol", and "Cade's County" with Glenn Ford. In 1969, he appeared in a Roger Corman biker cult film entitled "Naked Angels". His last named role was in 1990 as Sheriff Blanchfield in the film "Double Revenge" about a bystander who goes on a rampage against a bank robber.
Rust was divorced from the former Dionne Van Hessen. The couple had three children, Dorinda, Rachel, and Richard. Rust had a multitude of hobbies, including readings about religion and mysticism, oil paintings, sailing, music, and waterskiing. Rust died at the age of fifty-six in Los Angeles, of a myocardial infarction.

</doc>
<doc id="19826021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826021" title="News producer">
News producer

A news producer is one of the most integral members of any news-production team. The news producer takes all the elements of a newscast (packages, video, graphics, etc.) and compiles them into a cohesive show.
In the hierarchy of the newsroom, the news producer is under the executive producer, who reports to the news director. The news producer is usually on the same level as the anchor, although this may differ from newsroom to newsroom. The news producer is over the director, studio crew, reporters, field crew, photographers, editors, etc. 
Responsibilities.
News producers are highly organized and pay extraordinary attention to detail. They thrive in high-stress environments and have good news judgment. They are exceptionally strong news writers, especially under pressure, and are prepared to write stories with very little notice and in a very short period of time.
The news producer's responsibilities are wide-ranging. In no particular order of importance (because all are equally important), they: 
References.
1) http://www.tvjobs.com/cgi-bin/job_descriptions.cgi?Z=&d=1&k=77&action=view
2) http://www.careerbuilder.com/JobSeeker/Jobs/JobDetails.aspx?IPath=JRKV&sc_cmp1=JS_JR_ViewJob&ff=21&APath=2.21.0.0.0&job_did=J3I7015YB1GKRFWX61D

</doc>
<doc id="19826036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826036" title="Geomdansan">
Geomdansan

Geomdansan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Hanam and Gwangju. Geomdansan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19826048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826048" title="Danny Shepherd">
Danny Shepherd

Danny Shepherd was a rugby league footballer in the Australian Rugby League (ARL) competition.
A promising front-row forward, Shepherd was struck down by severe sunstroke during an early season match against the Gold Coast in 1990. After eleven days near death at Sydney's St Vincent's Hospital, Shepherd went on to make a full recovery, though never playing first grade football again.

</doc>
<doc id="19826049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826049" title="David Hilberman">
David Hilberman

David Hilberman (18 December 19115 July 2007) was an American cartoon animator and one of the founders of classic 1940s animation.
Hilberman worked for Walt Disney Studios and helped animate "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" and "Bambi". His involvement in unionizing colleagues and organization of the 1941 Disney strike cost him his job at the studio. After being fired by Disney, he founded Industrial Film and Poster Service with Zack Schwartz and Stephen Bosustow in 1945. It later became UPA. He was blacklisted in the 1950s after Walt Disney accused him of being a communist before the House Un-American Activities Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19826061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826061" title="Tropical ecology">
Tropical ecology

Tropical ecology studies the relationship between plants and animals in the tropical biome (in a tropical zone), these mean the area between the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn. Day and night here last approximately twelve hours. Characteristic for a tropical zone is at least one day of right-angle sunshine. High temperatures and numerous sunny days are also typical of the tropical biome. Due to the increased biodiversity and species richness in the tropics, many universities offer courses of study in tropical ecology. Some scientific journals covering tropical ecology include "Biotropica", "Journal of Tropical Ecology", and "Ecotropica".

</doc>
<doc id="19826068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826068" title="Geumjusan">
Geumjusan

Geumjusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon. Geumjusan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19826072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826072" title="Squirrel Meadows Guard Station">
Squirrel Meadows Guard Station

The Squirrel Meadow Guard Station is a ranger station in the backcountry of Targhee National Forest in Wyoming. The original facility was established in 1907, with the present structures built in 1934. The log cabin station is an example of a standard US Forest Service backcountry patrol structure. 
The site comprises a log cabin and an outhouse. A second cabin belonging to the state of Wyoming is nearby, and while compatible in design, is not included in the historic designation. The cabin was built using Forest Service Standard Plans R4-7 (cabin) and R4-70 (outhouse). It is one of only two R4-7 cabins in Wyoming. The cabin is a two-room structure with a kitchen at the west end, a living space at the east end, and a screened porch at the far east end. Wall and roof construction uses lodgepole pine logs. A galvanized roof has been installed over the original wood roof shingles. A well with a hand pump in front of the cabin dates to the 1980s. A propane tank fuels appliances.
The Squirrel Meadows Cabin is presently rented to the public as a visitor accommodation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826123" title="Geummulsan">
Geummulsan

Geummulsan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across Hoengseong, Gangwon-do and Yangpyeong County, Gyeonggi-do. Geummulsan has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="19826152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826152" title="Samir Duro">
Samir Duro

Samir Duro (born 18 October 1977 in Konjic) is a Bosnian professional footballer, who plays for Čelik Zenica in the Bosnian Premier League.
Club career.
Duro previously played for Sarajevo in the Bosnian Premier League and Međimurje in the Croatian Prva HNL.
International career.
Duro has made seven appearances for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19826153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826153" title="If I Love U 2 Nite">
If I Love U 2 Nite

"If I Love U 2nite" is a 1991 single by British singer Mica Paris.
Tracklisting.
CD single
7" Vinyl
12" Vinyl
Mayte version.
"If I Love U 2nite" (also known as "If Eye Love U 2night") is Mayte's solo debut, and the first single from her album, "Child of the Sun". Mayte's narration of her love story, in which she and her lover's first date was "in bed", and she asks him if he'll love her forever. The song was suggested to be about Prince, whom she was dating at the time. The two would later wed on Valentine's Day, 1996.
History.
The song was originally written by Prince, for his band member Gayle Chapman to sing. Chapman recorded two versions of this song. Later, Prince sang it as an outtake in 1987 from a man's point of view. It was also covered by Mica Paris in 1991. The original Prince guide vocal for "If I Love U 2 Nite" appeared by mistake on the rare Mica Paris 'Stand For Love' EP, of which only a handful exist. It was Mayte's biggest hit and a fan favorite due to Mayte's shy, cute, pop sound, unlike the others' soul sound. Chapman and Prince both performed this as a ballad.

</doc>
<doc id="19826165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826165" title="Peppermint Rose">
Peppermint Rose

Peppermint Rose was a line of dolls made by Mattel and American Greetings in 1993. It also inspired an animated half-hour special that was made in 1993, aired syndicated and released on video.
Characters.
Candy Blossoms.
Large rabbit-like creatures with huge ears and flowers on their heads, they were sold as plush 'teddy bears.'
Sweet Spray.
Much like the Candy Blossoms but sold as little figurines. In the special, they were the girls' helpers.
Animated Friends.
These characters only appeared in the special.

</doc>
<doc id="19826170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826170" title="Garisan">
Garisan

Garisan may refer to:
South Korea.
Garisan (가리산; 加里山) is the name of two mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="19826187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826187" title="Kannapolis Citizen">
Kannapolis Citizen

Kannapolis Citizen is a newspaper based in Kannapolis, North Carolina covering Cabarrus, Mecklenburg, and Rowan counties.
<br clear=left>

</doc>
<doc id="19826193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826193" title="Kuntadevi">
Kuntadevi

Kuntadevi is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2259 living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19826194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826194" title="New World Archaeological Foundation">
New World Archaeological Foundation

The New World Archaeological Foundation (NWAF) is an archaeological organization run by Brigham Young University.
The NWAF was organized in 1952 for the purpose of supporting archaeological research into pre-Columbian cultures of Mesoamerica. It was founded by Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Alfred V. Kidder and Harvard University professor Gordon Willey. It was initially incorporated in California as a private organization with Ferguson in charge of fund-raising. The first project by the NWAF was headed by Pedro Armillas with archaeological studies along the Grijalva River.
As early as 1953 the NWAF received funding from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. However it has always remained an archaeological foundation that includes many people not members of that church and does not attempt to address issues related to the Book of Mormon. Initially the only Latter-day Saint on the Foundation's advisory committee of five was M. Wells Jakeman. It also included Kidder, Willey, Armillas and Gordon F. Eckholm.
The NWAF became part of BYU in 1961.
The foundation has since been heavily involved with archaeological studies at such locations as Izapa, San Isidro, El Mirador, Paso de la Amada, and most recently again at Chiapa de Corzo.
As of 2009 the NWAF was directed by Donald W. Forsyth, Professor of Anthropology at Brigham Young University. He succeeded John E. Clark who was the director for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="19826204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826204" title="USS W. L. Messick (SP-322)">
USS W. L. Messick (SP-322)

USS "W. L. Messick" (SP-322) was a minesweeper that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
"W. L. Messick" was a wooden-hulled, screw steamer built in 1911 at Norfolk, Virginia, by Smith and McCoy. The U.S. Navy purchased her on 7 April 1917 from Joseph H. Bellows of Reedville, Virginia, for World War I service. Commissioned as USS "W. L. Messick" on the same day and classified as SP-322, she was assigned to the 5th Naval District and served as a minesweeper in the Virginia Capes area for the duration of World War I. She was subsequently decommissioned and sold on 27 August 1919 to her former owner

</doc>
<doc id="19826210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826210" title="Tara (TV series)">
Tara (TV series)

Tara was an Indian soap opera that aired on Zee TV channel, based on the trials and tribulations, the joys and sorrows of the main character, Tara. The series was known as the first ever Indian soap on contemporary urban women, and was the first Hindi language drama series that ran for about 5 years. Besides focusing on the life of Tara, the series also showed the lives of her three other friends, Kanchan, Arzoo and Sheena. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826244" title="Messick">
Messick

Messick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19826297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826297" title="Electrohydraulic servo valve">
Electrohydraulic servo valve

An electrohydraulic servo valve (EHSV) is an electrically operated valve that controls how hydraulic fluid is ported to an actuator. Servo valves and servo-proportional valves are operated by transforming a changing analogue or digital input signal into a smooth set of movements in a hydraulic cylinder. Servo valves can provide precise control of position, velocity, pressure and force with good post movement damping characteristics.
Control.
A low voltage is used to control the servo valve. The control voltage is passed into an amplifier which provides the power to alter the valve's position. The valve will then deliver a measured amount of fluid power to an actuator. The use of a feedback transducer on the actuator returns an electrical signal to the amplifier to condition the strength of the voltage to the servo valve.
Examples of usage.
One example of servo valve use is in blow molding where the servo valve controls the wall thickness of extruded plastic making up the bottle or container by use of a deformable die. 
The mechanical feedback has been replaced by an electric feedback with a position transducer. An integrated electronics closes the position loop for the spool. These valves are suitable for electrohydraulic position, velocity, pressure or force control systems with extremely high dynamic response requirements.
Another example is the regulation of fuel flow into a turbofan engine governed by FADEC. One such example is Honeywell's servo valve which is part of the fuel control mechanism for the CFM International CFM56 engine powering the Boeing 737NG and Airbus A320 passenger aircraft.
Principle of operation.
An electric command signal (flow rate set point) is applied to the integrated position controller which drives the pilot stage. The thereby deflected nozzle flapper system produces a pressure difference across the drive areas of the spool and effects its movement. The position transducer (LVDT) which is excited via an oscillator measures the position of the spool (actual value, position voltage). This signal is then demodulated and fed back to the controller where it is compared with the command signal. The controller drives the pilot stage until the error between command signal and feedback signal will be zero. Thus the position of the spool is proportional to the electric command signal.

</doc>
<doc id="19826298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826298" title="The Kinston Free Press">
The Kinston Free Press

The Kinston Free Press is a newspaper based in Kinston, North Carolina.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19826311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826311" title="Receive the Power">
Receive the Power

"Receive the Power" is a gospel song written by Guy Sebastian and Gary Pinto, and performed by Guy Sebastian and Paulini chosen in May 2007 as the official anthem for the Roman Catholic Church's XXIII World Youth Day (WYD08) held in Sydney in 2008.
"Receive the Power" was used extensively throughout the six days of World Youth Day in July 2008, and also in the television coverage which went around the world. Guy Sebastian performed at the concert after the Opening Mass which officially welcomed the Pope to Australia. The Mass and concert at Barangaroo, Sydney had an estimated crowd of 150,000. Sebastian and Paulini also performed both the English and International versions at the Final Mass at Randwick Race Course on the 20th of July. An estimated 400,000 people attended the Mass. 
Guy Sebastian and Paulini were invited to perform Receive The Power at the Pope's Farewell and thank the volunteers on 21 July.
Versions.
The song has been released in two versions, one in English and an international version with the chorus in English and verses in Italian, Spanish and French.
The English version was interpreted by its composer, Guy Sebastian, and also features the vocals of Paulini.
The international version, with the chorus in English, also includes performances by Robert Galea (Maltese), German Silva (Spanish) and Amelia Farrugia (French).
About the lyrics.
The lyrics are based on the theme of the WYD08, extracted from the book of the Acts of Apostles chapter 1:8: "You will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you; and you will be my witnesses".

</doc>
<doc id="19826317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826317" title="Leandro de Oliveira da Luz">
Leandro de Oliveira da Luz

Leandro de Oliveira da Luz, commonly known as Leandro (born March 3, 1983), is a Brazilian footballer who is currently a midfielder at Singhtarua.
Hải Phòng FC.
Although Leandro played as a left-back in Brazil and Russia, he played as a creative midfielder for Hải Phòng, where he was captain and earned the nickname King Leandro from the supporters.
In 2009, Leandro was voted the V-League's best player in an unofficial poll on the V-League website.
Leandro signed for V-League side Bình Dương F.C. in 2010.
International career.
Leandro played four matches for the Brazil Olympic squad at the Pan American Games in Santo Domingo in 2003. He scored a goal on August 3 in the 4–0 victory by Brazil over Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="19826321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826321" title="Hofpleinlijn">
Hofpleinlijn

The Hofpleinlijn "(Spoorlijn Rotterdam Hofplein - Scheveningen)" was one of the two railways between the Dutch cities of The Hague and Rotterdam. In 2006 it was converted to metro-like operation as RandstadRail line E.
History.
The Zuid-Hollandsche Electrische Spoorweg-Maatschappij (ZHESM) company was founded in 1900 to build electric railway lines in the province of South Holland. Their first railway line connected Den Haag Hollands Spoor station with the sea side resort of Scheveningen. This line opened with steam locomotives on May 1, 1907, and was electrified in 1909.
Its second line connected The Hague with Rotterdam. It opened in 1908, and was the first electrified railway line in the Netherlands. The terminus in Rotterdam was Rotterdam Hofplein station, which gives the line its name. 
The ZHESM was not connected to the main railway network in the Rotterdam area, which meant that it never had more than local significance. In 1953 the line to Scheveningen closed. The line between The Hague and Hofplein was converted to metro-lke operation in 2006. Hofplein station was closed in 2010, when a tunnel connected the line to the Rotterdam Metro at Rotterdam Central Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19826352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826352" title="Pseudo-Democritus">
Pseudo-Democritus

Pseudo-Democritus was a 2nd-century AD Greek philosopher, and the second most respected writer on alchemy (after Hermes Trismegistus). Two of his works survive, "Physical and Mystical Matters", and "Book addressed to Leukippos". He wrote many other books that are quoted extensively by Zosimos of Panopolis. He is mentioned in the Stockholm papyrus.
"Physical and Mystical Matters" describes "An art, purporting to relate to the transmutation of metals, and described in a terminology at once Physical and Mystical", branding him as an alchemist for all time and provides straightforward recipes for making imitation gold and silver (alloys).

</doc>
<doc id="19826367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826367" title="Gōtsu Station">
Gōtsu Station

Layout.
1 side platform and one island platform. The side platform (track 1) is in front of the station office. The island platform is connected with the station office by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="19826368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826368" title="Pedro Armillas">
Pedro Armillas

Pedro Armillas Garcia (9 September 1914 – 11 April 1984) was Spanish academic anthropologist, archaeologist, and an influential pre-Columbian Mesoamerica scholar of the mid-20th century. As an archaeologist he was known both for his fieldwork and excavations at numerous sites in central and northern Mexico, and his contributions in archaeological theory. His study of how Mesoamerican agriculture and subsistence modes of production influenced the development of Mesoamerican cultures was a pioneering one, and he was one of the earliest to investigate pre-Columbian irrigation and hydraulic systems.
Biography.
Armillas was born on 9 September 1914 in San Sebastián, Spain. In 1932 he received a bachelors degree from the Instituto Balmes in Barcelona. With the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War he joined the Loyalist forces but upon their defeat left Spain for Mexico.
In Mexico he was a land surveyor and associated with the Tzeltal people. Armillas later taught at Mexico City's anthropological institute.
In the 1940s Armillas conducted several seasons of excavations at the major site of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico, following on from earlier investigations by George Vaillant, Eduardo Noguera, and Sigvald Linné.
From the 1960s on he taught at various universities in the United States including the of Illinois at Chicago. He died in Chicago on 11 April 1984. At the time of his death, he was an anthropology professor at the University Illinois Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="19826372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826372" title="John Hampden Burnham">
John Hampden Burnham

John Hampden Burnham (born October 14, 1860 in Peterborough, Canada West-died April 25, 1940) was a politician and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Conservative Party in the election of 1911 to represent the riding of Peterborough West after being defeated in the election of 1908. 
Between 1916 and 1918, Burnham served overseas as a captain of the 93rd Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force. He was also the author of "Canadians in the Imperial Naval and Military Service Abroad".
He was re-elected in the 1917 election as a Unionist. Burham quit the government party on July 15, 1920 to sit as an Independent Conservative in protest of Arthur Meighen's attempt to make the Unionist government which had been formed during the Conscription Crisis of 1917 as a coalition of Conservatives and pro-conscription Liberals into a permanent political party, called the National Liberal and Conservative Party. Several months later he resigned his seat in the House of Commons and ran for re-election as an Independent Conservative in a February 7, 1921 by-election in hopes of demonstrating that public opinion supported him. 
Burham argued that the Meighen government "is the creature of some big schemes now floating in the air and I believe it is a positive danger to Canada... I am unalterably opposed to this combination at Ottawa and will never rest until I see those who are attempting to wreck the old parties, whose backing and policies are known and understood, are themselves wrecked."
He lost the by-election and ran again as a straight Conservative in the 1921 general election in December but was again defeated. With the defeat of the Meighen government, Burnham called upon the party to hold a national leadership convention, abandon the "National Liberal and Conservative Party" concept and return to its old Conservative form.

</doc>
<doc id="19826391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826391" title="Zestar Apple">
Zestar Apple

The Zestar apple (known in the UK as the Flavar) is an apple cultivar that was released in 1999; it was bred to be sold as an early season apple able to survive in colder climates such as Minnesota. It was developed by the University of Minnesota. The Zestar is protected under the US Plant Patent Act #97120.

</doc>
<doc id="19826411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826411" title="Max Rep">
Max Rep

Max Rep: Mr. Astrotitan 2206 and Max Rep in the Age of Astrotitans were comic strips appearing originally in FLEX in the late 1980s, and then in Muscular Development magazine throughout the 90's, and a Comic Book published by Dumbbell Press and created by illustrator Lyman Dally after the strip's cancellation which was initiated by Dally over creative differences. After numerous fan inquiries, requests, and some persuasion, Dally began the twice weekly webcomic Steroids 'n' Asteroids with Quadra Blu in 2011.
Taking place in the 23rd century, "Max Rep: Mr. Astrotitan 2206" was a sci-fi parody involving Max Rep's ongoing heroics and relationship with Quadra Blu. The comic strip ran in the 90's and was usually two pages. When the editors of Muscular Development requested that the strip take a different direction with Max & Quadra both being "downsized" and offering "instructional instead of serialized" content, Dally refused and cancelled the strip. The cancellation coincided with the beginning of an intended story arc which would have had Quadra Blu quit bodybuilding to pursue a career as a fitness model, much to Max's chagrin.
The comic book "Max Rep in the Age of Astrotitans" was black & white and ran for two issues and published independently from Muscular Development. The comic book differed from the strip by rebooting Max Rep's origin story. The webcomic "Steroids 'n' Asteroids" tells Quadra Blu's origin story and is a partial reboot. In it, Quadra leaves her homeworld of Thyra for Earth to work for the company Acromion Processes promoting Andropops.
Characters.
Height: 5 ft. 9in.
Weight: 215 lbs
Arms: 19¼ in. (cold)
Chest: 50 in.
Waist: 29 in.
Thigh: 33⅓ in.
In the origin story webcomic Steroids 'n' Asteroids, Quadra comes from the planet Thyra and initially has no experience as a bodybuilder despite already possessing a substantial physique.

</doc>
<doc id="19826415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826415" title="Sports in Worcester, Massachusetts">
Sports in Worcester, Massachusetts

Worcester, Massachusetts is home to minor league sports teams including the Worcester Sharks (Hockey). The city is also fielding NCAA Division 1 college and university sports, most notably The College of the Holy Cross. Other professional teams that have moved on from the city include the New England Blazers, a Major League Lacrosse team that played at the Worcester Centrum during the 1980s, the Bay State Bombardiers of the Continental Basketball Association, who played in the Worcester Memorial Auditorium from 1984 to 1986, and the Worcester Ice Cats, an American Hockey League franchise and developmental team for the National Hockey League's St. Louis Blues who played in the DCU Center (originally Worcester Centrum) from 1994 to 2005. Many historic and local sporting events have been occurred in Worcester such as the first official Ryder Cup golf tournament at Worcester Country Club in 1927. 
Futures Collegiate Baseball League
History.
Baseball.
The Worcester Ruby Legs, an early Major League Baseball team, was one of the first teams to play in the nascent National League. This team, which operated from 1880 to 1882, is believed to be the only major league team in history not to have an attached nickname. (There are some references throughout major league history books to the team being called the "Worcester Brown Stockings", "Brownies", and "Ruby Legs". However, the "Worcester Telegram" sportswriter Bill Ballou, in conducting thorough research on the team for years, has found no contemporary reference to any of those nicknames.) The team's home field, the Worcester Agricultural Fairgrounds was the site of the first recorded perfect game in professional baseball. Pitcher Lee Richmond achieved this feat on June 12, 1880, against the Cleveland Blues. In 2002, Worcester's Jesse Burkett Little League baseball team competed in the Little League World Series's U.S. Final. Though the Burkett team lost to the Little League All-Stars from Louisville, Kentucky, its second-place finish was the best in the history of Massachusetts Little League baseball. Professional baseball in Worcester was represented by the Worcester Tornadoes baseball team, which played its first season in 2005. Though not affiliated with any Major League Baseball team, the Tornadoes played their games at Hanover Insurance Park at Fitton Field on the campus of The College of the Holy Cross and were a member of the Canadian-American Association of Professional Baseball League. The team finished its inaugural season by winning the Can-Am championship. Its last season was 2012. The team name was chosen from among 1000 entries in a two-month-long naming contest. The "Tornadoes" refers to the deadly tornado that struck Worcester and central Massachusetts in 1953. The Worcester Bravehearts were founded in 2013 as the local affiliate of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League. The Bravehearts play in their first season in 2014.
Football.
Rugby.
The Worcester Rugby Football Club (WRFC), a recognized member of the United States Rugby Football Union (USARFU), currently competes in the New England Rugby Football Union (NERFU) Division I league. The club was founded in 1979 by Rob Anderson, Peter Coz, and Mike Minty; joined NERFU in 1980, and was invited to join USARFU Division I league after a very successful 1999 fall season. WRFC is one of the top men's rugby clubs in the U.S., having reached the 2006 Men's Division 1 Club Final Four, before losing to eventual national champion Santa Monica in a close 20-13 match.
American Football.
Indoor football returned to the city in April 2007. The New England Surge, a member of the Continental Indoor Football League, played their home games in the DCU Center. The team was disbanded after playing only a few seasons. The team replaced an Arena Football League team called the Massachusetts Marauders which played briefly in 1994.
Hockey.
The Worcester Sharks play in the American Hockey League, a developmental team for the National Hockey League's San Jose Sharks. The season 2006–2007 was the team's inaugural season, the team plays at the DCU Center. The team replaced the Worcester IceCats when the franchise moved to Peoria, Illinois, in 2005.
Golf.
Golf's Ryder Cup's first official tournament was played at the Worcester Country Club in 1927. The course also hosted the U.S. Open in 1925, and the U.S. Women's Open in 1960 and is the only golf course to host the trio. The captains of the inaugural Ryder Cup where two of golfs greatest legends, Ted Ray of Great Britain and Walter Hagen of the United States. The United States won, 9 to 2. 
Two years before the Ryder Cup the city hosted the U.S. Open won by Willie Macfarlane, but best known for the U.S. Open that Bobby Jones lost. Macfarlane and Jones where tied after the final round and an 18-hole playoff, the USGA officials decided to send the players out for another 18-hole playoff Macfarlane won 147-148. The last major golf tournament in the city was the 1960 U.S. Women's Open, won by Betsy Rawls, which made her the first golfer to win the U.S. Women's Open Title four times. A former PGA Tour event was held from 1969 through 1998 just south of Worcester. It was held under various names at Pleasant Valley Country Club in Sutton, Massachusetts.
Other.
Lake Quinsigamond is home to the Eastern Sprints, a premier rowing event in the United States. Competitive rowing teams first came to Lake Quinsigamond in 1857. Quinsigamond Boating Club was the first of many boating clubs on Lake Quinsigamond who are drawn to the lake's long narrow shape, ideal for racing. Soon many colleges (local, national, and international) held regattas, such as the Eastern Sprints, on the lake. Beginning in 1895, local high schools held crew races on the lake. In 1932, the lake played host to the National Olympic rowing trials.
Marshall Walter ("Major") Taylor (November 26, 1878–June 21, 1932) was an American cyclist who won the world one-mile (1.6 km) track cycling championship in 1899, 1900, and 1901. Taylor was the second black world champion in any sport, after boxer George Dixon. The Centrum (now DCU Center) was home to the Virginia Slims of New England women's tennis tournament for a few years in the late 1980s. Martina Navratilova, Chris Evert, and Steffi Graf were some of the outstanding players who participated in the tournaments. Various boxing title bouts have been fought in Worcester. The NCAA National Division I hockey and Division I basketball early rounds have been contested here. Charlie's Surplus Road Race fielded many world-class runners before ending in the early 1990s. Candlepin bowling was invented in Worcester in 1880 by Justin White, an area bowling alley owner.
Collegiate sports.
Worcester's colleges have had long histories and many notable achievements in collegiate sports:

</doc>
<doc id="19826420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826420" title="EMDT">
EMDT

2-Ethyl-5-methoxy-"N","N"-dimethyltryptamine (EMDT) is a tryptamine derivative which is used in scientific research. It acts as a selective 5-HT6 receptor agonist, with a Ki of 16 nM, and was one of the first selective agonists developed for this receptor. EMDT inhibits both short- and long-term memory formation in animal studies, and this effect can be reversed by the selective 5-HT6 antagonist SB-399,885. Additionally, it is active in the tail suspension test, suggesting that it could be an effective antidepressant.

</doc>
<doc id="19826426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826426" title="Francis Levett">
Francis Levett

Francis Levett was an English trader, who worked as factor at Livorno, Italy, for the Levant Company until he lit out for East Florida in 1769 where his brother-in-law Patrick Tonyn of the British Army had been appointed Governor of the English colony. Wielding connections from a lifetime of overseas trading, as well as family connections from a powerful English mercantile family, Levett built one of the first plantations in Florida, and then forfeited his investment when the English lost their foothold in Florida, forcing him to flee to the British colony in the Bahamas. Eventually his son returned to Georgia, where he became the first to plant Sea Island cotton in America.
Early life.
Born in Turkey, the son of Francis Levett, a tobacco merchant who as a descendant of the trading house built by two brothers, Sir Richard Levett, Lord Mayor of London, and his brother Francis Levett, planter Francis Levett was well-connected in the tight world of English trading overseas. Piggybacking on the exploding British Empire, these early English traders built juggernauts, trading everything from tobacco to indigo to textiles. The early Levett brothers, sons of a Puritan rector in Ashwell, Rutland, built their empire from scratch, intermarrying with other powerful merchant families. Francis Levett followed in their footsteps.
Having established his connections with such powerful London merchants as Sir Richard Oswald, Levett gave up his position with the Levant Company and returned to London. But having spent his career abroad, Levett wasn't accustomed to the damp weather in the capitol. Having inherited a fortune from an uncle, Levett decided to move to the British colony in East Florida. Levett planned initially to import Greek laborers from Smyrna into the fledgling British colony to do the work of planting. That scheme was apparently soon abandoned.
In the meantime, Levett exploited all his connections. He was named in 1771 to a position helping oversee the Russian fur trade.
The move to Florida.
Plantation.
But his connections still served him well. He secured an appointment as an agent for John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont to manage the Earl's land grants in his absence. Then Levett was tapped as a judge for the new colony and granted large tracts of land at the insistence of Oswald and his brother-in-law Tonyn. Oswald encouraged Governor James Grant to set aside prime acreage for his "worthy friend" Levett, to whom Oswald said he owed "particular obligations." A recipient of the largesse of the initial old boy network, Levett built his Julianton Plantation on today's St. Johns River.
The complex Levett built showed what could be done in a new colony by a powerful English merchant with money and connections. In addition to indigo fields and acres devoted to corn, potatoes and peas, the new plantation also had a network of rice fields, sliced by dams and dykes to regulate them. But the centerpiece of Levett's edifice was the domestic arrangement, which included a vineyard with 3,000 vines, two hanging gardens fronting the St. Johns River, 50 farm buildings, a network of bridges, roads and causeways built by Levett's slaves, including slave cabins, kitches, barns, poultry houses and the crowning gem: a large two-story dwelling measuring -by- with seven rooms on each floor. The home had seven bays, a gambrel roof, which itself supported a lantern tower. On either side of the house were six separate dependency structures, three on either side of the mansion, diminishing in size as they extended outward.
The opulent home, said to be the finest in British East Florida, had an wharf for the docking of ships. Stallions, breeding mares and goats grazed nearby on the rich pastures surrounding the home. It was an extraordinary gesture to import the luxuries of the life of a wealthy English gentleman to a fledgling, mosquito-infested colony in the Americas. In addition to his inherited income, Levett relied on fees paid him by absentee English landlords to manage their plantations as well.
Hostility towards Levett.
But despite his connections in the new colony, which included not only his brother-in-law the Governor, but also his son-in-law Dr. David Yeats, a physician and Secretary of the Colony who had married Levett's daughter, Francis Levett apparently got into financial trouble. He was accused in a whisper campaign of embezzling funds by purchasing slaves for one of his absentee clients, Thomas Ashby, and then absorbing them into his plantation workforce. Rev. John Forbes, a Scottish immigrant and ancestor of the Forbes family in America, accused Levett of blatant theft.
In several letters written to Governor Grant, Forbes said Levett had diverted the resources of his absentee landlords. The English planter was "charged with purchasing Negroes on Ashby's account and claiming them as his own, with employing Ashby's Negroes at his (own) work, with carrying boatloads of corn from Ashby's place to his (Julianton) settlement without giving credit for them, and with many such extraordinary and unjust transactions," Forbes wrote.
The wronged Thomas Ashley sent a relative to Florida to investigate the charges of malfeasance. Levett was said to be so upset by the allegations that he went to Rhode Island to escape the controversy. In the meantime, his son-in-law Yeats stood bail for him. By 1774, Levett returned to East Florida and subsequently resigned from the Royal Council after discovering that the controversy had rendered him ineffective: no members would sit with him.
But within months the planter's brother Patrick Tonyn was named the colony's second Governor, and he presided over a rehabilitation of his brother-in-law. Levett was allowed to make restitution and died shortly afterwards. Management of his Julianton plantation fell to his son Francis Levett Jr., who was apparently a better businessman than his father. The Levett plantation thrived during the Revolutionary War, thanks to the need for Florida turpentine.
At the end of the War, some 13,000 Loyalists fled the new American nation for East Florida, which was still under British control. But their haven didn't last long; in the diplomatic after effects of American independence, the British were forced to cede their Florida colony back to Spain in 1784. 
The Spanish colonial authorities overthrow in the decades previous hadn't chastised their hostility toward people of British descent especially if they were Protestant. After the Spanish return, questions regarding whether the Spanish would treat Protestants and British persons fairly were quickly answered. Following the return of Spanish colonial authorities, the old policies of using Florida as a center of the Counter-Reformation, a frontier land for launching devastating murderous campaigns of ethnic cleansing against Americans such as the Seminoles and through St. Augustine, Florida, as well as hateful and tyrannical measures as The Inquisition to root out all non-Catholics, were immediately re-established. 
Told their ownership and development of their property, with its expensive capitalization and despite its obvious wealth production, was no longer held valid, the British Protestant planters had their lands expropriated by the Spanish crown unless they converted to Catholicism and placed themselves under the continuing monitoring of the Spanish Inquisition. Additionally, all institutions of British responsible self-government, including the Shire Moots, Hundreds, and Courts of Justice were ended as civil government was centralized in Spanish bureaucratic officials. 
Unable to live under such harsh conditions, and refusing to abandon their faith, the English planters like Francis Levett Jr. were forced to pack up everything and leave hurriedly. Their mood was bleak. "I am totally ruined and see nothing but want and misery before me," wrote Francis Levett's son-in-law Yeats to his good friend James Grant.
The retreat from Florida and later years.
Following the signing of the Treaty of Paris in 1783, Francis Levett Jr. was forced to transport all his goods, including 100 slaves and house frames and household silver, to the Bahamas on short notice. Much of Levett's loot was left behind on the docks when Levett's newly purchased schooner was found inadequate to handle the family's accumulated riches.
The family was never able to sell its East Florida properties. The elaborate English manor house and farms were abandoned. Francis Levett's attempts to establish himself as a planter in the Bahamas failed, and the heir was forced to return to London. But he and his wife Charlotte Box had apparently gotten a taste for life in America. He named the new plantation Julianton, in honor of his father's abandoned Florida plantation and his mother Julia.
After becoming one of the first planters in America to sow Sea Island cotton, Francis Levett Jr. died in 1802. He left the newly christened Julianton Plantation to his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19826429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826429" title="Bash Back!">
Bash Back!

Bash Back! was a network of radical, anarchist queer projects within the United States. Formed in Chicago in 2007 to facilitate a convergence of radical trans and gay activists from around the country, Bash Back! sought to critique the ideology of the mainstream LGBT movement, which the group saw as assimilation into the dominant institutions of a heteronormative society. Bash Back! was noticeably influenced by the anarchist movement and radical queer groups, such as ACT UP and Gay Shame, and took inspiration from the Stonewall and San Francisco's White Night riots.
Since 2007, other chapters had formed and had carried out various direct actions across the US. In July 2011, after a ruling involving the 2008 incident at Mount Hope Church in Lansing, Michigan, Andy Field, former Bash Back president for the Lansing chapter stated, "There is no Bash Back! anymore," due to "internal politics."
"Points of unity".
According to their website, anyone could form a Bash Back! chapter as long as they adhered to the basic points of unity:
Actions.
First collective action.
The first Bash Back! Convergence was held in April 2008. The goal of the convergence was to form ideas for the then-upcoming protests at the DNC and the RNC, and discuss the formation of new Bash Back! chapters in other regions of the country. As a result, groups in Milwaukee, Memphis, Denver, Lansing, and upstate New York sprung up as new chapters.
Together, members of the newly formed Bash Back! groups took to the streets of Chicago's Boystown neighborhood in protest of assimilationist politics, trans-exclusion in the gay community, and recent police assaults on trans and queer people. The unpermitted march was eventually dispersed when a mob surrounded the Chicago Police's Addison/Halsted headquarters, reading aloud statistics of trans and queer people killed by police brutality.
June 2008 Milwaukee Pridefest.
In June 2008, the neo-Nazi organization the National Socialist Movement, released a statement that announced its intention to demonstrate at Milwaukee's annual Pridefest as a statement that the Nazis do not support "the promotion of homosexuality in community". In response, Bash Back! Milwaukee planned a confrontation of the hate group. A group of more than twenty confronted members of the NSM, carrying a banner proclaiming "These Faggots Kill Fascists." The action prompted Pridefest organizers to criticize Bash Back!. Members of Bash Back! Milwaukee in turn denounced the organizers as betraying the queer community, stating "They would rather see well protected neo-nazis than a well-defended queer and trans community. Nobody will protect us if not ourselves."
July 2008 Chicago Pride events.
Bash Back! Chicago carried out a number of actions during their city's Pride Weekend in 2008. The first was participation in the annual Chicago Dyke March in Chicago's Pilsen neighborhood. Bash Back!'s contingent in the march focused on resistance to gentrification in the Pilsen community, with a large lead banner stating "Bash Back Against Gentrification!"
In addition, members of Bash Back! also took part in Chicago's larger Chicago Pride Parade. Bash Back! Chicago wheeled a cage through the parade containing a member dressed as Chicago's Mayor Richard M. Daley, whom the group believes is responsible for cutting AIDS funding, turning a blind eye to police torture and brutality, and supporting gentrification. Simultaneously, members of Bash Back! also distributed barf bags with slogans written on them such as "Corporate Pride Makes Me Sick," a statement about the commercial and assimilative intentions of mainstream gay culture.
2008 Memphis Pride festival.
In 2008, Mid-South Pride, organizers of the Memphis Pride Festival, announced that the 2008 festival would be co-anchored by Nike and called the move an "expansion opportunity for the GLBT citizens of the city". Outraged, Bash Back! Memphis wheatpasted fliers along Cooper Street the night before the march condemning Nike's sweatshop practices and mainstream gay culture. The following day, as the Memphis Pride march proceeded under the Cooper-Young railroad trestle, several BB! members dropped a banner reading "Queer Liberation, not Queer Consumerism".
August 2008 Democratic National Convention.
At the 2008 Democratic National Convention, Bash Back! Denver organized a protest of a fundraiser for the Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights lobby group. Bash Back! Denver criticized the HRC for its policies of trans exclusion in the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, as well as the HRC's support for corporate interests and the Iraq War. The action ended in the detention of four activists at the scene and the arrest of one.
Bash Back! also organized a "trans and queer bloc" as part of the larger black bloc of the Anti-Capitalista Day of Action. The event ended in the detention of most participants, and several bystanders.
The following day, Bash Back! continued to counter-protest, especially against conservatives holding signs reading things like "homo-sex is a sin" by having a queer kiss-in.
September 2008 Republican National Convention.
At the 2008 Republican National Convention, members of various Bash Back! groups from around the country participated in a road blockade as a part of Unconventional Action's direct action strategy to disrupt the convention. BB seized an intersection in downtown St. Paul and blocked cars and delegate buses from passing by having a festive dance party. The blockade was eventually met with force by mounted police and the activists were forced to disperse. Soon afterwards, members of Bash Back! also confronted the Westboro Baptist Church when they appeared at the intersection where Bash Back! conducted its action.
October 2008 Annual Human Rights Campaign Dinner.
On October 4, 2008, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) held its annual dinner in Washington DC. Bash Back! DC confronted the organization once again for publicly not supporting a trans-inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination Act in the House of Representatives in 2007. About 20 protestors gathered for a dance party at the front doors of the fundraiser with signs such as “HRC Is Not For Me” and “Stonewall Was a Riot”. Dandee Lyon, a member of Bash Back! DC, stated that the reason for the protest was that "assimilation will not save us, it will only end in the decimation of our community. Society must change to accommodate us, queers and transfolk must refuse assimilation and cultural erasure at the hands of the homonormative gay elite and build a world where we can liberate ourselves."
November 2008 attack on Mt. Hope Church in Lansing, MI.
On November 9, 2008, a contingent from Bash Back!'s Lansing, MI chapter picketed outside Mount Hope Church, because the church promoted anti-gay beliefs. Meanwhile, several Bash Back! members entered the building disguised in plain-clothes and interrupted a worship service. During the late morning service the group dropped a rainbow banner bearing the slogan "It's Okay to Be Gay! Bash Back!" from the sanctuary balcony and showered a thousand fliers exhorting teenagers in the congregation to "embrace and explore" their feelings, and assuring them there are many organizations supportive of gays that "enable you to be who you truly are." The group set off a fire alarm when exiting the building. 
According to "Bash Back! News", Mount Hope Church was targeted for its fundamentalist belief that homosexuality is a sin, for its production of "hell houses" that demonize gays, and for its hosting of conferences of "ex-gays." Defendant Amy ‘Andy’ Field, in a radio interview, when asked whether she ['he'] and the other defendants’ conduct violated the church’s civil rights, stated, "I’m not concerned with their civil rights.” 
In May 2009, Alliance Defense Fund filed a federal lawsuit against Bash Back! on behalf of the church, under the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act. Those sued refused to name others who participated in the protest, so Mount Hope Church issued a subpoena to Riseup Networks in an attempt to obtain the names of email account holders who the church believed either participated in the action or knew who did. As part of a settlement, the activists agreed to a permanent injunction preventing them from disrupting any religious services in the U.S. They also agreed to pay the church $2,750 in damages. The district court entered a default judgment against Bash Back! and Bash Back! Lansing, and closed the case.
2008 "Avenge Duanna" Campaign.
In November 2008, to coincide with transgender day of remembrance, Bash Back! groups began staging actions in memory of Duanna Johnson, a transwoman who was brutally beaten by Memphis police officers and murdered while in the process of suing the police department. Many within the Memphis queer community are convinced that the police had a hand in her murder. Bash Back! Philly shut down downtown Philadelphia in a reclaim-the-streets style action, Bash Back! Milwaukee dropped a banner on the UW-M campus reading "R.I.P. Duanna", and Bash Back! Memphis had a hearse and casket delivered to the house of Bridges McRae, one of Duanna's assailants.
2008 California Proposition 8.
An affiliate group of Bash Back! claimed credit for pouring glue into the locks of an LDS church building and spray painting on its walls. An internet posting signed by Bash Back!’s Olympia, Washington chapter said: “The Mormon church ... needs to be confronted, attacked, subverted and destroyed.” According to the "Chicago Tribune", the acts of vandalism against the LDS Church appear to be in retaliation for support of Proposition 8. The Anti-Defamation League released a statement condemning the "defacement and destruction of property."
October 2009 vandalism of Human Rights Campaign headquarters.
On October 11, 2009 the Human Rights Campaign headquarters in Washington, DC was vandalized by radical queer activists who threw pink and black paint and glitter at the building and left graffiti reading "Quit Leaving Queers Behind". The vandalism came on the eve of the National Equality March, the biggest national queer political mobilization since 2000 and hours after President Barack Obama gave a speech at an HRC fundraiser. A group called Queers Against Assimilation posted a statement about the action on the website of radical queer network Bash Back!. The statement called the attack an act of "glamdalism."
September 2013 confrontation of Canadian men's rights activists.
On September 27 at 2:30PM, a workshop called "Time to Bash Back" was held by Rocio Velasquez of "OPIRG Toronto", a group at the University of Toronto. It concluded 2.5 hours prior to a 7pm lecture given later that night by Dr. Miles Groth entitled "Caring About University Men - Why We Need Campus Men’s Centres in a Time of Crisis".
The following day (September 28) a group of about 25 people bringing "Bash Back" banners attended an 11am "Men and Boys in Crisis" rally in Queen's Park, Toronto held to celebrate Groth's lecture. The Bash Back protesters accused the MRAs of being anti-gay, racist and sexist. Roughly twenty police officers attended Queen's Park to keep them separate from the 150 rallying people, as reported by Erin Pizzey, who commented "this is the first time I can remember men’s rights activists gathering together and protesting".
Chapters.
There were documented Bash Back! chapters in each of the following cities and areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19826449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826449" title="Madhavpur">
Madhavpur

Madhavpur is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3075 living in 581 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19826450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826450" title="Mamkha">
Mamkha

Mamkha is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3311 living in 610 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19826458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826458" title="Manebhanjyang">
Manebhanjyang

Manebhanjyang is a small city which lies in Khandbari Municipality of Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of Eastern Nepal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826459" title="The Very Best">
The Very Best

The Very Best is a collaboration between London based DJ/production duo Radioclit and Esau Mwamwaya, a singer from Lilongwe, Malawi. Their music has been described as an Afro-Western mix of dance, hip-hop, pop, and the traditional music of Malawi.
History.
Esau Mwamwaya was born in Mzuzu, Malawi, but grew up in the capital, Lilongwe, where he played drums in various bands. He played with numerous artists, including Masaka Band and Evison Matafale. In 1999 he moved to London and while running a second-hand furniture shop in Clapton, East London, Esau sold a bicycle to the producer from the band Radioclit, Etienne Tron. Radioclit's studio was on the same street as Esau's shop, and eventually, Esau became friends with both Tron and Johan Karlberg aka Radioclit. 
In 2008, the three men worked together to create a project known as "The Very Best," releasing a critically lauded free mixtape through the label GREEN OWL. The mixtape features samples and collaborations with other indie artists, including M.I.A., Vampire Weekend, Architecture in Helsinki, BLK JKS, Santigold and The Ruby Suns. The songs are sung in Chichewa, the national language of Malawi.
The Very Best produced their first full-length album, "Warm Heart of Africa", released digitally in August 2009 and released physically in October 2009 by GREEN OWL and Moshi Moshi. The album features collaborations with Ezra Koenig and M.I.A.. The title track from the album, "Warm Heart of Africa," won the World Beat Song award at the 9th Annual Independent Music Awards.
The Very Best is also featured on a track on Crookers' debut album, "Tons of Friends".

</doc>
<doc id="19826463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826463" title="Fumaria bastardii">
Fumaria bastardii

Fumaria bastardii, commonly, tall ramping fumitory or bastard's fumitory, is a many-branched herbaceous plant native to Western Europe including the British Isles and the northern Mediterranean. The species is a weed of arable and disturbed ground, and occurs as an introduced alien in many areas of the world with suitable climates, including Southwest Australia and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19826469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826469" title="Archery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of twelve events.

</doc>
<doc id="19826476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826476" title="Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)">
Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

The Times-News is a daily newspaper based in Burlington, North Carolina formed in 1931 by the merger "Burlington Daily Times" and" The Burlington News".
History.
The Times-News was founded in 1887. It joined Freedom Communications Inc. in 1978, and was sold to Halifax Media Group in 2012.
Special features.
The weekly Here & Now page, a national award winner, is written by high school students. Through its guest columnist program, the paper has had as many as 20 local columnists published per month. The Times-News is also committed to a strong internet presence. The paper's Web Site contains a broad spectrum of local information, news, and community submitted content.
Awards.
In addition to annual state press association awards, the Times-News is a Best of Freedom winner this year. The paper is frequently honored for its columns, editorials and graphics. It has also won awards in the NNA’s Better Newspaper Contest for general excellence, best sports section, photography and writing.

</doc>
<doc id="19826484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826484" title="Winchester Model 52">
Winchester Model 52

The Winchester Model 52 was a bolt-action .22-caliber target rifle introduced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in 1920. For many years it was the premier smallbore match rifle in the United States, if not the world. Known as the "King of the .22's," the Model 52 has been called by "Field & Stream" one of "the 50 best guns ever made" and by Winchester historian Herbert Houze "perfection in design." However, by the 1970s the World War I-era design was showing its age and had given way in top-level competition to newer match rifles from Walther and Anschütz; the costly-to-produce Model 52, which had long been a loss leader prestige product by that time, was finally discontinued when US Repeating Arms took over the manufacture of Winchester rifles from Olin Corporation in 1980.
Origins.
During World War I Winchester's management determined that production of the Model 1885 Single Shot would not be resumed in centerfire chamberings after the war, nor in .22 rimfire (the "Winder musket") after existing Army training rifle contracts were fulfilled or cancelled. A new .22 would therefore be needed for the then very popular sport of target shooting; Winchester reasoned that returning soldiers would be drawn to the bolt action design with which they had become familiar. The rifle to be designated the Model 52 was designed from the ground up as an "accuracy rifle" — the world's first production .22 to be so conceived. 
It was initially hoped that the Army could be persuaded to buy a bolt-action smallbore training rifle in addition to-or in place of-its existing contracts for Model 1885's. Yet despite the outward appearance of its early versions, the Model 52 was never a military rifle, as the Army only purchased 500 of the initial production for trial, and never placed a bulk order.
Development.
In February 1918 the company assigned designers Thomas Crosley Johnson and Frank Burton to begin work on the new match rifle. Johnson had more experience with bolt actions than most at Winchester (which was then primarily a maker of lever- and pump-action firearms), having superintended production of the P-14/M1917 Enfield, as well as having designed a series of prototype military rifles known as Models A through D. Johnson quickly obtained approval for a receiver based closely on that of the Model D, together with a barrel adapted from the .22 target version of the Model 1885. The stock from the receiver back was modeled on that of the Model D, which in turn had been derived from the Model 1895 Winchester-Lee; but incorporated a forearm based on a custom Single Shot target stock designed in 1908 by Winchester's house marksman, Capt. Albert F. Laudensack.
With the externals settled, Johnson and Burton turned to developing the action for what was now "Experimental Design No. 111." Each built a prototype of his own design in Winchester's Model Shop, both at this stage still single-shot. In the fall of 1918 the project's requirements were changed to include a detachable 5-round box magazine: neither Johnson's nor Burton's original bolts would work with a magazine feed, but a combination incorporating elements of both proved highly satisfactory. A finalized repeater prototype was made in April 1919 and taken to Washington where it was evaluated by Lt. Col. Townsend Whelen of the General Staff, Director of Civilian Marksmanship Maj. Richard LaGarde, and Gen. Fred Phillips of the National Rifle Association, who were enthusiastic–—- although guarded about the prospects of a Government contract.
Whelen further recommended that pre-production samples be rushed out in time for the National Matches [http://www.shootersjournal.com/Features/Haps/1919SmallboreAtCaldwell.pdf] at Caldwell, New Jersey that August. Six "G22R" prototypes were readied, and equipped five individual event winners and the victorious U.S. Dewar Cup team: the new Winchester was the talk of the tournament. Accordingly, full production as Model 52 was authorized on 11 September 1919 and commenced in April 1920 (using the lines and machinery originally installed to produce the P-14/M1917 Enfield).
Design.
The Model 52 was a non-rotating, rear-locked bolt-action design. The Model D-derived receiver was cylindrical, bored and machined from a forged billet, and of substantial thickness. The bolt's dual locking lugs were part of the rotating bolt-handle collar, which provided a camming action to seal the breech on closing and extract the spent case on opening. The bolt itself was undercut for the forward third of its length and rode on polished flats; a projecting lug at the front edge caught the top cartridge in the magazine. The bolt face was rebated so as to surround the case rim, and was chamfered to fit the recessed receiver ring. Dual-opposed sprung claw extractors were inlet into the sides of the bolt, providing controlled cartridge feed. A fixed blade-type ejector was located at the rear of the loading platform.
The original Johnson trigger mechanism, a two-stage or compound-motion military type derived, again, from his Model D, made use of a horizontal sear pivoted from the front; the trigger fit vertically through a pinned mortise in the sear and was shaped at the top so as to cam against the underside of the bolt and depress the assembly, releasing the firing pin; it was a cock-on-closing design. The one-piece striker terminated in a Springfield-like knurled cocking-piece. The wing safety was mounted on the left side of the receiver; when engaged it physically blocked the cocking-piece and cammed it slightly rearward, disengaging the trigger linkage.
Production history.
The Model 52 went through many alterations over its sixty years. These changes were not systematic: improvements to the action, stock and so on were made on an ad hoc basis, and it is clearer to treat these alterations so separated rather than as "models."
Sights.
Iron.
All Model 52's with iron sights were equipped with receiver-mounted aperture sights, never barrel mounts, tang mounts or open sights.
Because at the time the Model 52 was developed many Army- and National Rifle Association-sponsored matches were restricted to "military-style" sights, and because Winchester had hopes of selling the 52 to the War Department as a marksmanship training rifle, Burton and Laudensack designed a folding ladder sight for the new target rifle. Designated 82A, it bore some resemblance to the sight on the M1903 Springfield, especially in its pivoting-base windage adjustment (albeit controlled by dual-opposed thumbscrews rather than the Springfield rack-and-worm). However, elevation adjustment was governed by a micrometer click-wheel for precision, not free-sliding like genuine military sights. The Burton-Laudensack helped Model 52 shooters sweep matches and set records throughout the 1920s, but more precise aftermarket sights took over the field and the increasingly obsolescent 82A was not offered after World War II.
Winchester catalogs from the beginning listed 52's with sights by other makers; indeed, the buyer could specify any compatible peep on a special-order basis. The most common of these was the Lyman 48 series: the 48-J and -JH for flat-top dovetail-mount receivers, and the 48-F and -FH for round-top side-mount rifles (standard on the 52 Sporting Model). Other popular sights were the Lyman 525, the Wittek-Vaver 35-MIELT, the Marble Goss 52, and the Redfield 90 and 100. Late 52's frequently were fitted with Redfield "Olympic" or "International" match sights.
The stock Winchester 93B front sight was an undercut blade type; aftermarket rear sights were typically paired with a compatible globe sight such as the Lyman 17A (except for the Sporter, on which a hooded Lyman or Redfield Gold Bead front sight was standard).
Telescopic.
Barrel-mounted scope blocks were optional on early-production 52's; they were made standard in 1924. These blocks were mounted 6.2" apart, giving 1.2" per minute-of-angle graduation at 100 yards. Originally the Winchester A3 and A5 as well as Lyman scopes were offered. In 1933 new bases with Fecker notches were introduced, using standard 7.2" (1"/MOA) spacing; these were compatible with any normal telescopic sight. Long-barrel Fecker, Unertl and Lyman Targetspot were popular telescopes for prewar Model 52 target rifles, with Redfield and Bausch & Lomb becoming ascendant in the 1950s. The late-70s 52E had additional mounting holes drilled in the forward receiver ring.
Sporting Models were not factory fitted for telescopic sights (except by special order) until 1953, when 52C Sporter receivers (not barrels) were provided with tapped and plugged screw holes. However, many earlier examples were so equipped by private gunsmiths: nearly all the popular hunting scopes have been mounted at one time or another. A period-correct scope is not considered by collectors to detract significantly from the 'originality' of a vintage Sporter.
The Sporting Model.
Around 1931 Major John W. Hessian, a friend of new Winchester president John M. Olin, had a private gunsmith remount his Model 52 in a custom lightweight "sporting" stock. Olin was so impressed that he ordered the development of a 52 Sporter as a production model, which made its debut in 1934.
The Sporting Model had a lightweight 24-inch barrel and an elegant gloss-finished stock of figured walnut with a slender, tapering capped forearm, pronounced pistol grip, high comb and cheekpiece, and fancy checkering. The action was identical with contemporary target models, except that the receiver top was left round rather than milled flat. Weighing only 7-1/4 pounds, it came with Lyman 48-F aperture sights standard, and retailed for the substantial sum of $88.50 (the equivalent of nearly $1520 in 2012).
The Sporter was in all respects a deluxe rifle. While Winchester already had a reputation as the Cadillac of American arms manufacturers, the 52 Sporter was produced with a degree of fit and finish appropriate to a custom gunsmith's shop. "Esquire" magazine called it "the piece de resistance of all sporting rifles. It's a diamond in a field of chipped glass-- the rifle for the connoisseur." "Field & Stream" named the 52 Sporter one of the "50 Best Guns Ever Made," calling it "unrivalled in beauty and accuracy."
Understandably the Sporter represented only a small percentage of Model 52's produced between 1934 and its discontinuation in 1959: it is today the most collectible of all 52 variants and a good Sporter will generally bring double or more the price of a comparable Target. (This market reality has unfortunately attracted forgers, and fake "Sporters" converted from target models have fooled the unwary).
Reproductions.
In the 1990s the Herstal Group, owner of Winchester's trademarks as well as the Browning Arms Company, marketed "reissue" Model 52s in both Target and Sporting models. These reproductions were made by Miroku in Japan, and sold under both the Winchester and Browning brands.

</doc>
<doc id="19826501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826501" title="Thomas Oikonomou">
Thomas Oikonomou

Thomas Oikonomou (Greek: Θωμάς Οικονόμου, 1864–1927) was a Greek actor and one of the first modern Greek directors.
Biography.
Son of the writer Aristeidos Oikonomou, Oikonomou was born in Vienna, Austria in what was then a part of Austrian Empire in 1864 and studied and begun his career as an actor. He arrived in Greece in 1900-1901 and begun as a professor at the Dramatic School what was then Royal Theatre and (after the separation of Angelos Vlahos) as a director. He knew the young Marika Kotopouli who he acted together in an erotic part and became a protagonist of that company. In 1906, he left the Royal Theatre with Marika Kotopouli and worked together at Marika's father's company Dimitris Kotopoulis where he directed and presented the new productions at the Athenian theatre. His luck was crowned by the critics and a loud noise at failed receipts that made Oikonomou in theatrical productions and his works to collapse. From 1918 until 1922, he worked at the Athens Odeum as professor and journalist of the company. Between all students he taught and Dimitris Rontiris. His contribution at the Greek theatre as a director and a hypocrite as well "as mainly" from the student's spot thought he was fixed. He died in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19826510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826510" title="Crays Hill">
Crays Hill

Crays Hill is a village in the Basildon borough of Essex, England. The River Crouch passes under Church Lane.
The village was listed in Domesday Book of 1086 when the Lord of the manor and tenant-in-chief was Sasselin of Layer. 
Crays Hill was part of the civil parish of Ramsden Crays until 1934 when it was abolished to enlarge South Hanningfield.
Dale Farm.
Crays Hill is the site of Dale Farm, once the largest Irish Traveller site in Europe. There has been a long-running legal battle by Basildon Council to evict the travellers who have illegally built upon green belt land. The council sent in police and bailiffs on 19 October 2011 to clear the disputed section of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19826531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826531" title="Kolkata railway station">
Kolkata railway station

Kolkata Station (also known as Chitpur station) (In Bengali: চিতপুর) is the newest of the four intracity railway stations serving Howrah and Kolkata, India; the others are Sealdah Station, in Kolkata, Shalimar Station in Howrah and Howrah Station in Howrah. Kolkata station is situated in the Chitpur locality of north central Kolkata.
History.
The place where the station is situated was formerly a large goods yard. The present car and bus parking areas, as well as the path to the station, formed part of a coal loading yard. The present-day platforms were once used as goods lines and formed part of the large Chitpur Rail Yard. 
In 2000, the first plans were made to utilise this area as a railway station, since the rapid growth of long distance passengers was overcrowding the Sealdah station. Due to limitations of space, new platform construction is restricted at Sealdah. Two new platforms (9A & 9B) constructed between 2004 and 2005 proved insufficient. Due to its central position in Kolkata, the Sealdah station is too busy for suburban train traffic. To overcome this problem, Eastern Railways suggested constructing another large railway station in Kolkata, to cater mostly to long distance trains.The decision to build a terminal at Chitpur came after a lot of deliberation and a process of elimination. Different locations were suggested for the station site. Three years ago, Majerhat was suggested as a possible location. The idea was shelved owing to technical difficulties involving the construction of a bridge over the Hooghly river from Bauria to Budge Budge. Then there was Shalimar, in Howrah district, which was already a goods terminal operating under the South Eastern Railway. In fact, a passenger service on a trial basis was also started from there through two pairs of trains. But the project could not take off owing to certain problems relating to infrastructure and the considerable distance of the terminal from Kolkata proper.Chitpur was decided upon finally and approved by the Railway Ministry in 2003-04. Certain inherent advantages helped in the selection of this place. Other than being located in the heart of Kolkata, Chitpur has already functioned as an important rail yard for around a century. Moreover, unlike in the case of Majerhat and Shalimar, the huge property in and around the place belongs to the Railways. The proposal has been accepted by the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), and on May 15, 2003, West Bengal Chief Minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee laid the foundation stone for the project. 
Construction started in 2004. The tracks from the coal-yard were closed first, and then a large portion of electrified goods tracks were shut down. Those tracks, masts and wires were demolished. Next, the Dumdum - Majherhat link rail line's (Kolkata Circular Railway) track was temporarily re-aligned. This action permitted the construction of platforms, station buildings and a parking area to begin. After construction was completed, the circular rail tracks were aligned as before, now via the new station. Other tracks were re-aligned, and completely electrified for passenger coaches shunting (up to side of Tala station). Tracks in the opposite direction, which were not electrified and underutilized, were re-laid, re-aligned and fully electrified for goods trains (with wagon to lorry transfer facility). Part of the former electrified goods lines, which were closed, now entered use as a coach siding. 
After these, the official inauguration occurred in January 2006.
Services.
The station is linked to the Sealdah-Ranaghat Line and is served by the Eastern Railway for trains to Bandel, Kalyani Simanta, Gede, Shantipur, Krishnanagar, Dankuni, Kolkata Airport, Bongaon, Hasnabad and others. The number of suburban trains is lower than long-distance trains. This station runs many long distance express trains including two pairs of Garibrath Express, and one long distance passenger train - Lalgola Passenger. There are five platforms, among them Platform 1 & 2 is used by only suburban trains, and Platform 3,4 & 5 are used by long-distance trains. . The station is operated by the Eastern Railway. The only international train of eastern India is Kolkata - Dhaka Maitree Express, which runs towards Bangladesh, is also departed from here.
The Maharaja Express departed from this station for the first time at 20 March 2010.
Facilities.
There are waiting rooms and retiring rooms for use by passengers awaiting connecting trains. In addition there is a taxi stand and a bus station outside the station. There are buses of different routes available from the said bus station. The bus routes are :
If you reach near RG Kar Medical College and Hopital,which is only 8 to 10 minutes' walk, you get myriads of buses plying on different routes. Sometimes autos are also available near Kokata Station. 
Chitpur station has following features
1. 3DD lines with platform.
2. Balance station building and circulating area.
3. Parcel complex, RRI building.
4. Over head tank, water and effluent treatment plant
5. Coaching and ROH depot.
6. 3 Washing Pit lines
The nearest tram depot is Belgachhia and the nearest tram track is at Radha Gobinda Kar Road for tram routes 1, 2, 4 and 11. The nearest metro station is also at Belgachhia.
Criticism.
As a newer railway station, this station is not well served by public transport. Only two or three of the West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation's bus routes serve the station directly. Other buses and trams run through Radha Gobinda Kar Road, which is 1 km away from the station. The nearest metro station is 2 km away. 
There is a plan to transfer the long distance bus terminus of Shyambazar from the other side of the canal to the front of the station, but nothing has yet materialized. However, there is a bus service from Kolkata station up to Sonarpur station which plies via Shyambazar, Ultadanga, Em-bye pass, Ajoynagar and Garia up to Sonarpur. Travel takes 1hr30mins from Sonarpur station to Kolkata station. One can also take an auto-rickshaw from Ultadanga to Kolkata station.

</doc>
<doc id="19826563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826563" title="Andrews Journal">
Andrews Journal

The Andrews Journal is an American community newspaper based in Andrews, North Carolina, covering the regions of Andrews, Marble, Nantahala and Topton.
The journal.
The Andrews Journal is published weekly on Thursdays. The journal provides information on local news and events like schools, town and county meetings, sports, weddings, engagements, birth announcements, business, entertainment, churches, clubs and community events. Much of the community news in the journal is submitted by the general public.
Publishers.
The Andrews Journal is published by Community Newspapers, Inc. (CNI), Athens, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19826573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826573" title="Athletics at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of 73 events, 37 for men and 36 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19826576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826576" title="Lawrence English">
Lawrence English

Lawrence English (born 1976) is a composer, media artist and curator living in Brisbane, Australia. For over a decade he has been an increasingly active force in Australian sound art and experimental music - both as a creator and curator.
Sound works.
His recorded work is widely published on a variety of respected labels including Touch Music, Crónica, Baskaru, Winds Measure and numerous others.
His sound works move across a broad range of spheres from electronic based composition, through to evocative field recordings that seek to reveal those sound spaces largely ignored or inaudible. His Studies For Stradbroke edition for example drew out a variety of hydrophonic atmospheres from Stradbroke Island - capturing sounds as delicate as sand grains in motion.
As a producer English has worked extensively to develop a unique perspective on the possibilities of deconstruction of expectation with song form - working for artists such as Tujiko Noriko, Tenniscoats and The Rational Academy amongst others.
English cites childhood experiences birdwatching for reed warbler with his father as a large influence on his work. He has stated, "If you just looked in the reeds you'd see nothing. If you listened you got an idea of space and a sense of where it might be, then you understood it. That's probably my first experience with these ideas of space and sound, which are basically the fundamental building blocks of what I've been interested in since then."
Artworks.
Lawrence English has exhibited a variety of auditory, kinetic, public and structural artworks that are primarily concerned with a notions of incidental experience, site specificity and environment.
Curation.
English curates the acclaimed labels Room40 and Someone Good, as well as an ongoing series of sound art and electronic music series including MONO, Fabrique, Syncretism and NineHoursNorth which are active across Australia, New Zealand and parts of Asia.
His conceptually driven sound art exhibitions Melatonin - Meditations On Sound In Sleep (commissioned by the Next Wave Festival), On Isolation (commissioned by the University of Tasmania), Incidental Amplifications (co-curated by Lloyd Barrett), Audible Geography (commissioned by the and Airport Symphony (commissioned by the Queensland Music Festival)

</doc>
<doc id="19826631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826631" title="Carrboro Citizen">
Carrboro Citizen

The Carrboro Citizen was a weekly newspaper based in Carrboro, North Carolina, USA. "The Citizen" covered Carrboro, Chapel Hill, Hillsborough, Pittsboro, Orange County and northern Chatham County. It was published on Thursdays and distributed free in racks throughout the coverage area. The paper ceased publication in October 2012.
"The Citizen" was launched in March 2007 by the publisher Robert Dickson, whose family also owns and operates the "Raeford News-Journal" in Hoke County, North Carolina, and Kirk Ross, who was the "Citizen"'s editor until May 2011. The press run was original ly 5,000 copies and grew to 7,000. The paper won several North Carolina Press Association awards for excellence in journalism, photography and design.
"The Carrboro Citizen" also published "Mill", a monthly tabloid covering the arts, music and dining scene of the Carrboro/Chapel Hill area. "Mill" was inserted into the "Citizen" at the beginning of each month.
In May 2009, the Town of Carrboro approved a $50,000 loan at 2% interest to the paper. The loan was part of a revolving loan program that has been available to local businesses for several years. Alderwoman Jacqueline Gist said that the loan was a good idea because ""The Citizen" is an integral part of our community, and the only newspaper that provides local coverage." Robert Dickson put up his condominium appraised at $240,000 as collateral. Dickson discussed the loan in detail in a May 28, 2009, editorial.
In May 2011, Susan Dickson was named editor of the "Citizen". She is a graduate of the UNC School of Journalism and has worked as a staff writer for the paper for several years. Dickson is the daughter of publisher Robert Dickson.

</doc>
<doc id="19826648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826648" title="Trifluoroacetic anhydride">
Trifluoroacetic anhydride

Trifluoroacetic anhydride (TFAA) is the acid anhydride of trifluoroacetic acid. In particular, trifluoroacetic anhydride is the perfluorinated derivative of acetic anhydride. Like many acid anhydrides, it may be used to introduce the corresponding trifluoroacetyl group. The corresponding trifluoroacetyl chloride, is a gas, making it inconvenient to work with. Trifluoroacetic anhydride is the recommended desiccant for trifluoroacetic acid.
Preparation.
Trifluoroacetic anhydride may be prepared from trifluoroacetic acid by dehydrating with excess α-halogenated acid chlorides. For example, with dichloroacetyl chloride:

</doc>
<doc id="19826653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826653" title="Saint Louis de Montfort's Prayer to Jesus">
Saint Louis de Montfort's Prayer to Jesus

Saint Louis de Montfort's Prayer to Jesus is a reflection of his philosophy of "total consecration to Jesus Christ through Mary" a theme that centuries later influenced the development of Roman Catholic Mariology.
Although St Louis is perhaps best known for his Mariology and devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary, his spirituality is founded on the mystery of the Incarnation of Jesus Christ, and is centered on Christ, as reflected in his collected works God Alone.
As the prayer suggests, St. Louis introduced the key concepts that underlie Roman Catholic Mariology today: that Jesus and Mary are son and mother, redeemer and redeemed and that the path to Jesus is through Mary. Theologically, the prayer reflects the inherent inclusion of Mariology in Christology. This concept was echoed by Pope John Paul II about his reading of Montfort's works:
Words of the prayer.
O most loving Jesus, deign to let me pour forth my gratitude before Thee, for the grace Thou hast bestowed upon me in giving me to Thy holy Mother through the devotion of Holy Bondage, that she may be my advocate in the presence of Thy majesty and my support in my extreme misery.
Alas, O Lord! I am so wretched that without this dear Mother I should be certainly lost. Yes, Mary is necessary for me at Thy side and everywhere that she may appease Thy just wrath, because I have so often offended Thee; that she may save me from the eternal punishment of Thy justice, which I deserve; that she may contemplate Thee, speak to Thee, pray to Thee, approach Thee and please Thee; that she may help me to save my soul and the souls of others; in short, Mary is necessary for me that I may always do Thy holy will and seek Thy greater glory in all things. 
Ah, would that I could proclaim throughout the whole world the mercy that Thou hast shown to me ! Would that everyone might know I should be already damned, were it not for Mary! Would that I might offer worthy thanksgiving for so great a blessing! Mary is in me. 
Oh, what a treasure! Oh, what a consolation! And shall I not be entirely hers? Oh, what ingratitude! My dear Saviour, send me death rather than such a calamity, for I would rather die than live without belonging entirely to Mary. With St. John the Evangelist at the foot of the Cross, I have taken her a thousand times for my own and as many times have given myself to her; but if I have not yet done it as Thou, dear Jesus, dost wish, I now renew this offering as Thou dost desire me to renew it. 
And if Thou seest in my soul or my body anything that does not belong to this august Princess, I pray Thee to take it and cast it far from me, for whatever in me does not belong to Mary is unworthy of Thee.
O Holy Spirit, grant me all these graces. Plant in my soul the Tree of true Life, which is Mary; cultivate it and tend it so that it may grow and blossom and bring forth the fruit of life in abundance. 
O Holy Spirit, give me great devotion to Mary, Thy faithful spouse; give me great confidence in her maternal heart and an abiding refuge in her mercy, so that by her Thou mayest truly form in me Jesus Christ, great and mighty, unto the fullness of His perfect age. Amen.

</doc>
<doc id="19826683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826683" title="Clay County Progress">
Clay County Progress

Clay County Progress is a weekly newspaper based in Clay County, North Carolina, covering Clay and Cherokee counties in North Carolina and Towns County, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19826701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826701" title="J. Michael Ortiz">
J. Michael Ortiz

J. Michael Ortiz is an American educator and the 5th president of Cal Poly Pomona. Prior to this appointment on August 1, 2003 Ortiz was professor of education at Appalachian State University and vice president for academic affairs at Fresno State. He wast listed in 2005 as one of the 100 most influential Hispanics in 2005 by "Hispanic Business magazine". In 2008 "Latino Magazine" named him one of the Top 25 Latinos in Education. 
Ortiz announced on January 30, 2014 that he would be stepping down as President of Cal Poly Pomona at the end of 2014. 
Background.
Ortiz's professional leadership activities include:
He holds a bachelors, a master's degree from the University of New Mexico and a PhD from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Possible departure.
On October 27, 2009, Cal Poly Pomona student-run newspaper "The Poly Post" informed the campus community of Ortiz's possible departure to New Mexico State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19826715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826715" title="Dartchery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Dartchery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Dartchery at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of three events.

</doc>
<doc id="19826734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826734" title="Operation Transformation (TV series)">
Operation Transformation (TV series)

Operation Transformation is an Irish health and fitness programme. The show is a cross-media event broadcast via radio, web and television on RTÉ 2fm, RTÉ.ie and RTÉ One (dubbed the three-sixty by Gerry Ryan) since 2008. Prior to this it had been limited to radio but has since expanded onto the web and television.
The fifth series, which began in January 2012, is hosted by Kathryn Thomas with the radio element provided by RTÉ Radio One's "The John Murray Show". 
Initially presented (up to season 3) by reporter Evelyn O'Rourke, the event saw six hopefuls, selected by Gerry Ryan on his radio show, attempt to reshape their lives as they are supported and guided by a panel of experts in the fields of fitness, nutrition and psychology in order to reach their individual goals. O'Rourke performed the role of "cheerleader" to her companion Gerry Ryan's "ringmaster".
There are weekly updates on television (broadcast at 20:30 on Thursday nights), daily updates on radio and a 24/7 live webcam on a dedicated site within RTÉ.ie for a period of seven weeks. Each year the event culminates in a grand finale, in which the six contestants present their new selves to their loved ones and the viewing and listening public. Gerry Ryan himself said on air that he was two stone (13 kg) lighter following the 2008 event than he was before it began. Several politicians took part in 2010. Gerry Ryan died suddenly in 2010, so the show ended up in the hands of Kathryn Thomas (TV) and RTÉ Radio One's "The John Murray Show" from 2011 onwards.
History.
2008 event.
The 2008 event saw six hopefuls, selected by Ryan on his radio show, attempt to reshape their lives as they were supported and guided by a panel of experts in the fields of fitness, nutrition and psychology in order to reach their individual goals. There were weekly updates on television (broadcast at 20:30 on Thursday nights), daily updates on radio and a 24/7 live webcam on a dedicated site within RTE.ie for a period of seven weeks. The event culminated in a grand finale from the Pavilion Shopping Centre in Swords, County Dublin, broadcast on Thursday 28 February 2008, in which the six contestants presented their new selves to their loved ones and the viewing and listening public. The 2008 event had over 2 million hits. Six months after the show's finale, the television programme "Operation Transformation Revisited" was commissioned to investigate the welfare of the contestants. 2008 contestant Donal Looney completed the Dublin Marathon inside four hours in 2009. It was reported that Eamon Joyce had hurt his knee and couldn't take part.
Leaders.
Two males and four females, selected from Ryan's radio listenership, partook in the television show. The final six participants were announced on Friday, 7 December 2007 on "The Gerry Ryan Show".
Ryan caused upset when he suggested Violet O'Shea had not lost any weight despite following the programme. However, as she continued, she eventually did begin to lose weight. Her brother Christopher read a poem of encouragement on air and "the nation wept". Violet O'Shea is now five stone (32 kg). Eamon Joyce lost four stone (25 kg) in total.
Experts.
Four individuals sat on a panel of experts.
2009 event.
"OT 2009" was launched by Ryan and O'Rourke on "The Gerry Ryan Show" on 3 November 2008. For the first time, there was an "Operation Transformation Roadshow", which took place at a number of destinations throughout November and December. Each morning, O'Rourke would be at the specified location and would report to "GRS" over the morning.
The show began airing on RTÉ radio, television and online in January 2009, accompanied by "The Afternoon Show".
Experts.
Three individuals sat on a panel of experts.
Leaders.
On 4 December, the final 25 appeared on "The Gerry Ryan Show" live from studio one "in the bowels" of RTÉ's Donnybrook studios. The six leaders were announced on 8 December. The show ran from 8 January until 26 February on RTÉ One. The website has had over one million hits, a 41% increase on the previous year.
2010 event.
"OT 2010" began on television at 20:00 on RTÉ One on 13 January 2010. For the first time politicians, including the now internationally famous Paul Gogarty, took part. Gerry Ryan appeared on "The Late Late Show" to discuss the programme on 15 January 2010.
Ciara Dunne (a nurse), Amanda Casey, Conor O'Connor, Anna Naughton and Penny Dwyer all participated.
They lost more than ten stones (63 kg) in weight between them all during the series. Deputy Seán Connick shed 20 pounds (9.1 kg). Senator Nicky McFadden shed 22 pounds (10.0 kg). Deputy Fergus O'Dowd shed 24½ pounds (11.1 kg).
The final episode of the series was broadcast on 3 March 2010. The website achieved at least 3 million hits during the series.
The first three episodes of the series each attracted a 30.97 audience share.
Reviewing the finale for "The Irish Times", Kevin Courtney observed the "non-stop soundtrack of classic pop songs resembled a 2FM show from the 1980s".
2011 event.
Five people were chosen: Rachel Walker (Tallaght, County Dublin); Sinead Heffernan (Enfield, County Meath); Jayne Glavin (Newbridge, County Kildare); Emily Piggott (Killarney, County Kerry); Ronan Scully (Knocknacarra, County Galway). The series was broadcast on television from 5 January 2011. The five appeared alongside Kathryn Thomas on "The Late Late Show" on 14 January 2011.
2012 event.
Five people were chosen: Adrian Brereton (Edenderry, County Offaly); Natalie Cox (Crumlin, Dublin); Kayleigh Yeoman (Limerick); Grace Batterberry (Castletownroche, County Cork); Killian Byrne (Rathfarnham, County Dublin). They appeared on "The Saturday Night Show" on 7 January 2012. The first episode, broadcast on 4 January 2012, attracted more viewers than the previous year's series. The participants had shed more than six stone (38 kg) of fat from their bodies by the halfway mark. One of the leaters nearly quit, which would have been the first time it happened.
Viewers also downloaded a fake app to the annoyance of RTÉ.
Thousands of people took part in the "Operation Transformation" 5k Fun Run in the Phoenix Park on 18 February 2012.
The leaders lost more than 11 stone (5 kg) between them over the series. Killian Byrne lost the most weight: 3 st 4.5 lbs (21.1 kg). Grace Batterberry became a poster girl for anti-smoking and cancer prevention.

</doc>
<doc id="19826751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826751" title="Lawn bowls at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Lawn bowls at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Lawn bowls at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of four events.

</doc>
<doc id="19826752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826752" title="Pleasant Plains, Dutchess County, New York">
Pleasant Plains, Dutchess County, New York

Pleasant Plains is a hamlet in the Town of Clinton of Dutchess County, New York, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19826756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826756" title="Corporation des Menuisiers-Ébénistes">
Corporation des Menuisiers-Ébénistes

The Corporation des Menuisiers-Ébénistes was a French craft guild which was concerned with the profession of woodmaking.

</doc>
<doc id="19826775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826775" title=".50-110 Winchester">
.50-110 Winchester

The .50-110 Winchester (also known as the .50-100-450 Winchester, with different loadings) is an obsolete American black powder centerfire rifle cartridge.
Introduced in 1899 for the Winchester Model 1886 repeater, the .50-110 Winchester was also available in single-shot weapons such as the Winchester 1885 Hi-Wall. Slight variations in charge weight in the same case led to the mistaken belief these were different rounds, when in fact they were not.
Designed for black powder, the .50-110 was also available in a potent smokeless loading, comparable to British elephant rounds. In power, the standard load was comparable to the contemporary British .500 Black Powder Express, It is sufficient for elk, deer, moose, or bear at medium range or in woods, and thin-skinned African game, but not dangerous animals such as elephant. The high-velocity smokeless load was in a class with the .444 Marlin, and its power exceeded the .348 and .358 Winchester.
Winchester continued to offer the cartridge commercially until 1935 and while it is still offered by some suppliers, due to its obsolescence and resultant obscurity, it is significantly more costly than more current cartridges — averaging from US$3 to $4 per round.

</doc>
<doc id="19826786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826786" title="David Cavazos">
David Cavazos

David Cavazos (born April 19, 1987 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican singer-songwriter.
David Cavazos began composing music at the age of eighteen and later signed with Warner Music Mexico, music label in which he found the support he needed to begin a solo career. He recorded his self-titled debut album in 2007 and released it on May 13, 2008 in Mexico. Cavazos' first single "Bruja Hada" became one of the most requested songs on Mexican radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19826796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826796" title="Zafar Mahmud">
Zafar Mahmud

Zafar Mahmud (born 1925) was a Royal Indian Air Force officer during the second world war, originally stationed in Burma.
After the partition of India he had the responsibility of transporting a number of planes from India to Pakistan under hazardous conditions. During one such transfer flight, his fuel was contaminated by sugar by parties opposed to those transfers and the plane he was flying crashed near the Indian/Pakistani border.
He continued his career in the Pakistan Air Force and represented the Air Force's interests in the Hamood-ur-Rahman commission that was created by the Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto following the 1971 war with India and the breakup of the country into two entities, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
He also defended Zia-ul-Haq when Zia was investigated for disobeying orders and participating in the operations of Black September in Jordan in 1970 General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq eventually went on to become the President and Military ruler of Pakistan after a military coup in 1977.
In 1975, Zafar joined the Pakistan foreign service and served as the country's ambassador to Somalia and Poland before retiring in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19826803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826803" title="Langbourne Meade Williams, Jr.">
Langbourne Meade Williams, Jr.

Langbourne Meade Williams, Jr. (February 5, 1903 – September 8, 1994) was an American businessman. Williams was one of eight children born to Langbourne Meade Williams (September 12, 1872 – April 2, 1932) and Susanne Catherine Nolting (August 29, 1876 – January 13, 1951) of Richmond Virginia. A descendant of Edmund Randolph, Bartholomew Dandridge and grandson of John Williams of the John L. Williams & Sons banking firm, in September 1930 he married Elizabeth Goodrich Stillman (d. 1956), sister of Chauncey Devereux Stillman, daughter of Charles Chauncey Stillman and granddaughter of James Stillman of the National City Bank, and a niece of Percy A. Rockefeller and Mrs. William G. Rockefeller. He married Frances Pinckney Breckinridge in 1956.
He graduated from the Episcopal High School in Alexandria, Va. in 1921, received a bachelor's degree at the University of Virginia in 1924, and gained a Harvard University masters degree in business administration in 1926. He worked for the New York investment banking firm of Lee, Higginson & Company for a year before joining the family firm of John L. Williams & Sons. One of the investments of the family firm was with the Freeport-Texas Company for which he and some associates decided to launch a corporate raid with a proxy fight in 1928. The previous management at one point filed a $1 million libel suit against Mr. Williams and his associates for accusations that the managers had put their interests ahead of their shareholders. In 1930, the Williams group prevailed by less than 4,000 shares. At age 27 he return to New York to become vice president, treasurer and a director of the Freeport-Texas company. He became president of Freeport-Texas with John Hay Whitney as chairman three years later. He then served as chairman from 1958 until 1967.
In 1941 he became a governor of New York Hospital and served until 1961, when he was named an honorary governor. In 1948 he assisted with the Marshall Plan to rebuild Europe and later became a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He was also a trustee of the George C. Marshall Research Foundation.
Mr. Williams came into conflict with the US Government after Freeport-Texas was caught in 1959 investigating a government official in a suspected attempt to influence the government stockpiling contract which the company had enjoyed since having their nickel declared a cold war strategic commodity. The chairman of a House Government Operations subcommittee, Jack Brooks, denounced Mr. Williams for "disgraceful, ethically reprehensible snooping," for hiring a former FBI investigator to look into the private life of a General Services Administration official supervising a nickel plant in Cuba. Claiming the Administration official was hostile Mr Williams claimed "we felt it necessary to find out whether there was some special reason for his attitude." Freeport's nickel-mining operations in Cuba were seized after Fidel Castro came to power in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19826836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826836" title="William Herbert Burns">
William Herbert Burns

William Herbert Burns (born February 27, 1878 in Stayner, Ontario, Canada-died January 1, 1964) was a Canadian politician and merchant. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Conservative Party of Canada in the 1930 election to represent the riding of Portage la Prairie. He was defeated in the 1935 election. Prior to his federal political experience, he was elected councillor of Portage La Prairie, Manitoba and became mayor in 1921 until 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19826854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826854" title="College of Arts and Sciences">
College of Arts and Sciences

A College of Arts and Sciences or School of Arts and Sciences is most commonly a unit within a university which focuses on instruction of the liberal arts and pure sciences, especially in North America and the Philippines, although they frequently include programs and faculty in fine arts, social sciences, and other disciplines. In contrast, an "art school" or "college of arts" usually refers to a unit or institution which cultivates visual or performing arts, while the phrasing "liberal arts college" usually refers to a standalone institution.
There are many alternative names, of which the most common include College (or School) of
Typically, Colleges of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences at a non-specialized university include a rather large number of departments offering a significant number of majors/minors or courses of study. Such departments/majors commonly include mathematics and "pure sciences" such as biology, chemistry, and physics for which B.S. and maybe M.S. degrees are offered, as well as a significant selection of liberal arts. The "liberal arts" may include social sciences such as psychology, sociology, anthropology and other social studies such as history, geography, political science, etc. and language studies including English and other languages, linguistics, writing, literature, and communication arts and a variety of humanities and other fields of study. The sciences may offer B.S. and maybe M.S. degrees, and the other majors may offer B.A. and maybe M.A. degrees. Humanities may include such fields of study as philosophy, classical studies, theology or religious studies, and certain others. Other fields of study may be lumped into a College of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences; however, certain specialized and professional fields are taught in more specialized colleges or schools such as a College of Engineering, College of Business Administration, College of Education, or a College of Fine Arts and certain graduate level schools such as law schools, medical schools, dental schools, etc. The situation may also vary between continents and their various countries.
In many non-specialized universities, the College of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences is one of the largest colleges on the campus, and many students even from other colleges or schools take and are even required to take courses offered by the College of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences, such as mathematics and sometimes certain sciences. A College of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences commonly has a core curriculum which all students in the College must take, regardless of their major in the College. Such a core curriculum may specify that certain courses by their students must be taken, or may require elective courses to be taken within certain areas to provide a well-rounded education for each student. Other colleges or schools within a university could have different core curriculum requirements for their students. For each major and minor field of study, certain minimum courses and usually some electives must be taken within that area for a degree.
Such Colleges/Schools of (Liberal) Arts and Sciences include the following, sorted by parent institution:
Independent.
A number of independent institutions, almost entirely postsecondary, also refer to themselves as a college of arts and sciences. These include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19826868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826868" title="List of awards and nominations received by Chris Brown">
List of awards and nominations received by Chris Brown

Chris Brown is an American recording artist and actor. At the age of 15, he was signed to Jive Records. His first album, "Chris Brown", was released on November 29, 2005. It spawned five singles that reached the "Billboard" Hot 100: "Run It!", "Yo (Excuse Me Miss)", "Gimme That", "Say Goodbye" and "Poppin'". The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Brown's second album, "Exclusive", was released on November 6, 2007. It spawned four singles that reached the "Billboard" Hot 100: "Wall to Wall", "Kiss Kiss", "With You" and "Take You Down". A deluxe edition of that album, entitled "Exclusive: The Forever Edition", was released on June 3, 2008. It spawned two more singles: "Forever" and "Superhuman". The album was certified double platinum by the RIAA. Brown's third album, "Graffiti", was released on December 8, 2009. It spawned two singles: "I Can Transform Ya" and "Crawl". On March 22, 2011, Brown released his fourth album, "F.A.M.E.", which became his first album to reach number one on the "Billboard" 200. It spawned the hit singles "Yeah 3x", "Look at Me Now" and "Beautiful People". The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
In 2006, Brown received twenty-three nominations and won nine, including Viewer's Choice for "Yo (Excuse Me Miss)" at the BET Awards; Male Artist of the Year, New Artist of the Year and Artist of the Year at the Billboard Music Awards; Outstanding New Artist at the NAACP Image Awards, Choice Breakout Male at the Teen Choice Awards; Best R&B/Soul New Artist at the Soul Train Music Awards; Fake ID Award at the TRL Awards; Best R&B Video for "Run It!" at the MTV Australia Awards. In 2007, he received twelve nominations, but did not win any awards. In 2008, Brown has received forty-one nominations and won sixteen, including Favorite Male Pop/Rock Artist, Favorite Soul/R&B Male Artist and Artist of the Year at the American Music Awards; Best Male R&B Artist at the BET Awards; Best Heartbreak Video for "No Air" at the BET Pre-Awards; Best International Act and Best R&B/Soul at the MOBO Awards; Best Male Video for "With You" at the MTV Video Music Awards; Best Male Artist at the NAACP Image Awards; Favorite Male Singer at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards; Best R&B Artist at the Ozone Awards; Choice Music Hookup for "No Air", Choice Music: Male Artist, Choice Music: R&B Artist, Choice Music: R&B Track for "Forever" and Choice Music: Rap/Hip Hop Track for "Shawty Get Loose" at the Teen Choice Awards. In 2010, he won the AOL Fandemonium Award at the BET Awards. Overall, Brown has won 53 awards from 152 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Brown has won three awards from nine nominations.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards show from the Australian Recording Industry Association. Brown received one nomination.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network to celebrate African Americans and other minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment. The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on BET. Brown has won 12 awards from 22 nominations.
BET Pre-Awards.
The BET Pre-Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network to celebrate African Americans and other minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment. These annually presented awards are presented before the BET Awards and broadcast live on BET. Brown has won one award.
BET Hip Hop Awards.
The BET Hip Hop Awards are hosted annually by BET for hip hop performers, producers, and music video directors. Brown has been nominated twice and won three awards.
Billboard Music Awards.
The Billboard Music Awards are sponsored by "Billboard" magazine and is held annually in December. The awards are based on sales data by Nielsen SoundScan and radio information by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems. Brown has won four awards.
Billboard Latin Music Awards.
The Billboard Latin Music Awards is the Latin version of the Billboard Music Awards. Brown received one nomination.
Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards.
The Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards reflect the performance of recordings on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Tracks. Brown has been nominated three times.
Golden Raspberry Awards.
The Golden Raspberry Award is an award ceremony that honors the worst in film. Brown received one nomination.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Brown has been nominated twelve times and thus far won a Grammy for Best R&B Album.
International Dance Music Awards.
The International Dance Music Awards are an awards show for the dance and electronic music industry. Brown has been nominated three times.
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are an annual awards show from Irish Recording Music Association. Brown received one nomination.
MOBO Awards.
The MOBO Awards (an acronym for "Music of Black Origin") were established in 1996 by Kanya King. They are held annually in the United Kingdom to recognize artists of any race or nationality performing music of black origin. Brown has won two awards from four nominations.
MTV Movie Awards.
The MTV Movie Awards were established in 1992 and is a film awards show presented annually on MTV. Brown has been nominated once.
MTV Awards.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Brown has won three awards from twelve nominations.
MTV Australia Awards.
The MTV Australia Awards were established in 2005 and is Australia's first awards show to celebrate both local and international acts. Brown has won one award from four nominations.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards were established in 1994 by MTV Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. Brown has been nominated four times.
MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
The MTV Video Music Awards Japan were established in 2002 to celebrate the most popular music videos from Japanese and international artists. Brown has been nominated once.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards are annual awards presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic to honor the year's best music videos. Chris has been nominated twice.
NAACP Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards is an award presented annually by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music and literature. Brown has won two awards from six nominations.
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards were established in 1988 and is an annual awards show that honors the year's biggest television, film and music acts, as voted by the people who watch the Nickelodeon cable channel. Brown has won one award from two nominations. Chris was nominated in 2009, but his nomination was withdrawn following his domestic violence case.
Nickelodeon UK Kids Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon UK Kids Choice Awards is an annual awards show, similar to the American and Australian versions. Brown has won one award.
Ozone Awards.
The Ozone Awards is an awards show focused on Southern musicians. Brown has won one award of two nominations.
Peoples Choice Awards.
The Peoples Choice Awards is an annual award show from pop culture on Movie, Television, and Music. Brown received two awards from five nominations .
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual award show aired in national broadcast syndication that honors the best in African American music and entertainment established in 1987. Brown has won two awards from nine nominations.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards were established in 1999 to honor the year's biggest achievements in music, movies, sports and television, as voted for by young people aged between 13 and 19. Brown has won seven awards from twenty nominations.
TRL Awards.
The TRL Awards were established in 2006 by MTV Italy to celebrate the most popular artists and music videos in Italy. Brown has won one award.
World Music Awards.
The World Music Awards were established in 1989 and is an international awards show that annually honors musicians based on their worldwide sales figures, which are provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry. Brown has won one award from seven nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19826886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826886" title="List of German supercentenarians">
List of German supercentenarians

This is a list of verified German supercentenarians (people from Germany who have attained the age of at least 110 years). There have been 42 verified supercentenarians from Germany. The oldest person ever from Germany was Maria Laqua, who died in 2002 aged 112 years, 362 days (but Augusta Holtz, aged 115 years, 79 days, died in the USA in 1986). As of , there is one verified living supercentenarian, two pending, and six unverified in Germany; the oldest of whom is Gertrud Henze, aged .
Living German supercentenarians.
Below is a list of the oldest living people from Germany and born in Germany. Those listed as 'verified' have been validated by an international body that specifically deals in longevity research, such as the Gerontology Research Group. Those listed as 'pending' have provided at least one document supporting the claimed age but not the three necessary for validation. Those that are 'unverified' have provided no documents to support the age claimed.
German supercentenarians.
a Hasenkampf was born in a part of the Russian Empire. It is now in Russia.<br>
b Berndt was born in Kaffzig, which had then been a part of the German Empire; it is now Kawcze and located in Poland.<br>
c Stephan was born in Bohemia, which was then part of the Austrian part of Austria-Hungary. It is now in the Czech Republic.<br>
d Tilscher was born in Moravia, which was then part of the Austrian part of Austria-Hungary. It is now in the Czech Republic.<br>
e Zeisler was born in Lorraine, which was then part of the German Empire. It is now in France.<br>
f Corba was born in Izgar, which was then part of the Hungarian part of Austria-Hungary. It is now in Romania.<br>
g Umrath was born in Danzig, which was then part of the German Empire; it is now Gdańsk and located in Poland.<br>
h Jantke was born in Marienburg, which was then part of the German Empire; it is now Malbork and located in Poland.<br>
i Rentel was born in Geldauschinken, which was then part of the Russian Empire. It is now in Lithuania.<br>
j von Veh was born in a part of the Russian Empire. It is now in Russia.<br>
k Breckerbaum was born in Neudorf bei Wronke, which was then part of the German Empire; it is now Nowa Wieś koło Wronek and located in Poland.<br>
l Maier was born in Bohemia, which was then part of the Austrian part of Austria-Hungary. It is now in the Czech Republic.<br>
German emigrant supercentenarians.
m Holtz was born in Czarnikau, which was then part of the German Empire; it is now Czarnków and located in Poland.<br>
n Rein was born in Myslowitz, which was then part of the German Empire; it is now Mysłowice and located in Poland.<br>
o Petit was born in Lorraine, which was then part of the German Empire. It is now in France.<br>
p Trompeter was born in Alsace, which was then part of the German Empire. It is now in France.<br>
q Dott was born in Alsace, which was then part of the German Empire. It is now in France.<br>
r Meyer-Zettel was born in Alsace, which was then part of the German Empire. It is now in France.<br>
Oldest German person by state.
This is a list of the oldest people by birth from each state—according to today's borders
People.
Ella Ille Rentel.
Ella Ille Rentel (19 May 1852 – 19 September 1962) was a German-Lithuanian supercentenarian. She held the record of the oldest person who died in Germany before Friedrich Wedeking surpassed her. The record for the oldest woman was broken by Katharina Braun. She was born in Geldauschinken (Lithuania), relocated in 1941 to Pomerania (Germany, since 1945 Poland), went in 1957 to Germany and died in Herne.
Katharina Braun.
Katharina Braun (23 September 1867 – 5 February 1979) was a German supercentenarian and the record holder for the highest age of a person born and died in Germany. The record holder before her was Friedrich Wedeking - for females Ella Ille Rentel; her record was broken by Paula Marie Baumgärtner. She was born and died in Offenbach an der Queich. 
Paula Marie Baumgärtner.
Paula Marie Baumgärtner (16 August 1881 – 24 February 1993) was a German supercentenarian and the record holder for the highest age of a person born and died in Germany. The record holder before her was Katharina Braun. The record for the oldest person born in Germany was broken by Adelheid Kirschbaum and for the oldest which died in Germany by Maria Laqua. She was born in Witten and died in Weinheim.
Adelheid Kirschbaum.
Adelheid Kirschbaum (29 September 1883 – 21 December 1996) was the oldest person born in Germany ever before Charlotte Benkner; before her Katharina Braun was the record holder. She was born in Neuwied and died in New York. Kirschbaum also was the oldest Jewish person ever before Evelyn Kozak.
Maria Laqua.
Maria Laqua (12 February 1889 – 9 February 2002) was a German supercentenarian who is actually the oldest person ever to be born and die in Germany. Only three German emigrant supercentenarians - Augusta Holtz, Charlotte Benkner and Adelheid Kirschbaum - became older. Laqua was also the first German supercentenarian to live in three centuries.
Maria Laqua was born in 1889 in Reydt-Odenkirchen, Bavaria as one of 13 children. She worked as housemaid, married and gave birth to two children in the 1920s. Her husband Charles died in 1958. Their both sons fell in the Second World War. 
Laqua lived for 35 years in a retirement home in Bad Hönningen, Rhineland-Palatinate and passed away in her sleep, three days shy from turning 113. She was only survived by a great-niece who attended her regularly. It was reported that Laqua was in need of care, bedridden and not accessible during her last years. Nevertheless there were also good days when Maria Laqua had suddenly a flash and spoke. During a visit of a bishop for example, she had spoken at once and told a lot.
Anna Stephan.
Anna Stephan (25 March 1892 – 3 August 2003) was a German supercentenarian who was born in Altenteich, Bohemia as one of 12 children. Stephan married two times and gave birth to four daughters. In 1945, the Sudeten German family was evicted from their home. With 50 kilogram of luggage, Anna Stephan fled with her husband and children to Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, Germany. After the Second World War, she went every day into the forest to gather wood and she also knitted and patched farmer’s clothes so that her family got something to eat. Anna Stephan lived on her own until the age of 106 and died in a retirement home in Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz nearly 5 months after her 111th birthday. She was outlived by three daughters, nine grandchildren, 14 great-grandchildren and 13 great-great-grandchildren.
Frieda Schmidt.
Frieda Schmidt (15 December 1899 – 6 November 2010) was a German supercentenarian who was the oldest person in Germany until her death on 6 November 2010 at the age of 110 years and 326 days. She was the last German native link to the 1800s. 
Schmidt was born in Bergsdorf, a district of Zehdenick, Brandenburg, where she also died. According to the newspaper she had once worked as a service maid among Philip, Prince of Eulenburg. During her life she lost her only husband in 1951 and two daughters. Frieda Schmidt spent her last years in her daughter’s home and busied herself with needlework. At the time of her death there have been eight grandchildren, thirteen great-grandchildren, four great-great-grandchildren and one great-great-great-grandchild. Also a sister of Schmidt was living in Berlin.
Frieda Borchert.
Frieda Borchert (5 January 1897 – 22 June 2008) was a German supercentenarian who was the oldest person in Germany until her death on 22 June 2008 at the age of 111 years and 169 days. Borchert was born in Guscht, Pomerania (today Strzelce Krajeńskie, Poland) and grew up in Landsberg an der Warte (Gorzów Wielkopolski). She was the only girl among six siblings. After her marriage she and her husband moved to Berlin and got here their son. After her husband's death - he died of a heart attack - she returned with her son back to her parents' house where she was expelled from in World War II. Borchert went back to Berlin, where she worked as a maid. She married a second time and gave birth to another child. Frieda Borchert was reported to have survived two husbands and both children. At the age of 100, she moved into a nursing home in Zehlendorf (Berlin) where she died. Into old age, she had still been mentally alert. Until now, Frieda Borchert is unverified.
Karolina Gröber.
Karolina Gröber (27 April 1901 – 21 November 2011) was a German supercentenarian who was the oldest person in Germany until her death on 21 November 2011 at the age of 110 years and 208 days. Gröber was born in Lechhausen, which became a part of Augsburg, Bavaria, in 1913, where she spent most of her life time. In 1906 she met Louis III who visited Augsburg for its celebration in consequence of the incorporation into the Kingdom of Bavaria 100 years ago in 1806. Gröber began a dressmaking apprenticeship before World War I but did not graduate because it was not possible to acquire material and also to sell clothes. She married in 1927 and gave birth to one daughter ten years later. Gröber was in good health until her 100th birthday in 2001. Then she had two hip fractures she never recovered from. Gröber suffered also from dementia. She spent the last years of her life in a nursing home in Augsburg where she died in poor health.
Elisabeth Schneider.
Elisabeth Schneider (19 August 1901 – 9 February 2013) was a German supercentenarian who was the oldest person in Germany until her death on 9 February 2013 at the age of 111 years and 174 days. She was born in Bad Oeynhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia, in 1901 and had two sisters. She married in 1923 and gave birth to a daughter two years later. Schneider lived on her own until the age of 97. At her 111th birthday she was asked for the secret of her longevity against the backdrop of being Germanys oldest living supercentenarian: Laughing, she claimed that others just would have given up gasping for breath. On 9 February 2013, she died in a retirement home in Varel, Lower Saxony. Schneider was outlived by her daughter, two grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
Gertrud Henze.
Gertrud Henze (born 8 December 1901) is a German supercentenarian who has been the oldest living person in Germany since the death of Elisabeth Schneider on February 9, 2013. The former librarian was born on Rügen and never got married or gave birth to a child. Nowadays she is still in good condition and lives in a retirement home in Göttingen where she is well-liked by many residents for her open and life-affirming attitude. Henze traces her longevity to reading a lot, having lively contact with other people, enjoying sometimes a cigarette and a glass of wine and never marry. She celebrated her 112th birthday only with some friends and relatives because the public interest in consequence of her birthday the year before was too exhausting.

</doc>
<doc id="19826892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826892" title="Camlock (fluid fitting)">
Camlock (fluid fitting)

Camlocks also called Cam and groove coupling, a kind of Hose coupling used to rapidly connect and disconnect fitting on piping or hose, they come in a variety of materials to be used with different liquids and a variety of sizes to accommodate hose or piping diameter.
Camlock fasteners are categorized as:
Apart from these basic type, the hose/pipe connection part can be various type such as flange, butt welding, and truck use sight glass etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826893" title="Changshan County">
Changshan County

Administrative regions.
The county administers seven towns, 14 rural villages, 11 residential areas, and 341 administrative villages.
Towns: Tianma, Zhaoxian, Huibu, Fangcun, Qiuchuan, Baishi, and Qingshi.
Rural villages: Hejia, Songfan, Donglu, Xinqiao, Jiarong, Xinchang, Jinyuan, Longrao, Tonggong, Qiankou, Daqiaotou, Wuli, Dong'an, and Gedi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826909" title="Snooker at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19826926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826926" title="2005 Indonesia National Badminton Championship">
2005 Indonesia National Badminton Championship


</doc>
<doc id="19826927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826927" title="Ding Fang">
Ding Fang

Ding Fang (b. 1956, in Wugong, Shanxi Province) is a well-known Chinese painter and curator. He graduated from the Nanjing Fine Arts Academy in 1986, with a Masters in oil painting, where he later taught for several years. After working both as a professional artist and on the editorial staff of Fine Arts in China Magazine, he moved in 2000 to the Institute of Fine Arts at Nanjing University, where he currently teaches. His work appeared in several prominent shows in China in the early 1980s. When political circumstances made it difficult for him to continue working as an independent artist, he began to exhibit in galleries in Sweden, Vienna, Los Angeles, London, Oxford, Sydney, and Rotterdam. In recent years his work has featured in many major Chinese exhibitions, including the Beijing Biennale in 2003 and "The Wall: Reshaping Contemporary Chinese Art". He was the subject of a retrospective at the National Art Museum of China in 2002. The Yuan Center gallery in Beijing included several of his paintings in their recent exhibition, "After Culture". Fang is known to be a member of the avant-garde movement.
Curriculum Vitae.
Qualifications and Experiences in Art.
1978-1982 Graduated from Nanjing Art Institute, Department of Arts and Crafts with a Bachelor of Arts degree
1983 Graduated from Nanjing Art Institute of Fine Arts
1986-1988 Worked for the Nanjing Arts Institute in the Fine Arts
1999 Was appointed a professor at Nanjing Art Institute in Sculpture
2000 Professor at the Art Institute of Nanjing University, Oil Teaching and Research Office, a visiting professor at the Nanjing Art Institute, director of China Oil Painting Society.
Community Involvement.
Zhongguo Meishubao is a weekly Chinese art newspaper published in Beijing from 1985 to 1989, featuring exhibitions, events and discussions on art throughout the country, at a time when the New Wave Art Movement was gaining immense attention. In 2004 Ding Fang generously donated a set of Zhongguo Meishubao (229 issues in 9 bound volumes) to the Asia Art Archive collection.
In October 1985, Ding Fang participated in and helped organize Jiangsu Youth Art Week's Modern Art Exhibit at Jiangsu Art Museum in Nanjing. The event attracted attention nation wide. During this exhibit he formed an art group called the 'Red Brigade', which held the 'Vanguard' exhibition in 1987. The Red Brigade Manifesto, written by him in 1987, explains his choice in the context of his tragic vision of human history, which is not so much a leap forward towards any greater purpose but an accumulation of ruins of grand dreams. The main themes of the Red Brigade Manifesto are: In the solemnity of self-sacrifice, we find common points of support, we thirst to re-create life in the depths of our hearts and in the course of our journey to the other shore, we reach the sublime and when we collide with eternity, we sense the call to mystery. 
At the end of the 1980s many freelance artists gathered around Fuyuanmen Village, near Yuanmingyuan Palace in Beijing. Within 2 years dozen of artists have moved there such as Ding Fang, Fang Lijun, Wang Yina, Yi Ling, and Tian Bin. Together these artist organize group exhibitions in the village. The easy-going life, the uncertain future, and the freedom drew artists to this place, where it seemed they could realize a romantic dreamland and a poetic ideal. Among their ideals, the artistic spirit seemed to be in direct conflict with financial or material considerations. However, the appearance of the market economy had already transformed the political and social terrain of China, as exemplified by the "silicon valley", Zhongguancun, booming just south of Yuanmingyuan. This place was accruing wealth that was symbolic in China as the center of the information industry and as a casebook of successful economic development. The artists living in Yuanmingyuan confronted this stronghold of the market economy on a daily basis, and most were disgusted by this environment.
The Color Red: Travel.
"In June 1986, the year after the Jiangsu Exhibit, Ding Fang, Yang Zhilin, Shen Qin, Cao Xiaodong, Chai Xiaogang, Xu Lei, Xu Yihui, Guan Ce, and Yang Yingshen,"because of their shared style, banded together as a Surrealist group under the name The Color Red: Travel, and Ding fang wrote for the group "Sayings of the Color Red: Travel". In this document Ding Fang maintained that in this world people had lost the ability to conduct a dialogue because they are shrouded in loneliness. History was without beginning and end and was merely a process of endless repetition and replication, which was a declaration revealing the path of creativity for mankind. Ding Fang stressed the western sacrificial spirit of Sisyphus. He told artists, "Our inner conscience continues to choose to engage in the action of pushing the rock uphill; this action originates in the hope we can glean from the depths of despair"."
Themes & Style.
Ding Fang is known primarily for his bold, richly colored landscape paintings, in which he attempts to represent China's mountains and plains with historical and cultural meanings. Contrastingly, his depictions of urban life are dark and dystopian. His later works show expressive elements but also show an inclination toward his Christian religious beliefs. He uses a combination of abstract expressionism and surrealism to make his commentary on current materialism and urbanization. He traveled widely during his studies visiting many remote areas such as the Yellow Earth Plateau, Datong and the Taihang mountains. 
In 1984, series of paintings called "City" inspired by his encounters with the rugged landscapes and cultural ruins of northern China. His monumental abandoned earth-colored cities yield the symbolic pulsating energy of bygone cultures in the series Sword-Shaped Willpower. This trajectory suggests an escape from the present to find more eternal values in ancient culture and in the vigorous life depicted in his earlier pictures such as Harvest. Painting therefore takes on a religious overtone in this Sisyphean cycle of human endeavor. This sense of tragedy and religious fatalism becomes more overt and apocalyptic in the paintings completed when he lived in the artists' village next to the Yuanmingyuan. 
Ding Fang's first artistic endeavors, beginning between 1982 and 1985, worked with rustic realist painting. His rustic paintings showed the true lives of the ordinary people. He sought to explore the rational structure of nature through images of the constant stillness of the land and depictions of the cycle of human life. In these paintings the land seems covered by solid metal.
In 1985, He abandoned rustic themes. He returned to the Yellow Plateau in his home province, and while there he shifted his attention away from capturing the essence of the land and the lives of the people who live on it. Instead, Ding sought a symbolic mode of expression that would strengthen national culture. His works representative of this stage are the paintings entitled the "Castle Series" (1985). They depict the land of the Yellow Plateau turned to ruined castles and combined with parts of the Great Wall and villages. Ding Fang describes his pursuits of this period by saying, "I have been looking for a spirit hidden in the northern world." He uses styles of surrealism and symbolism to allude to a type of religious manifestation.
Monumental Works (As Described by Lu Peng).
Early Works.
"The earliest monumental works of Ding Fang were "Fighting drought" and the series titled "Harvest". Ding Fang's understanding of heavy color and brush strokes was drawn from his own experience of life and the influence of Georges Rouault. If the oil paintings in the "Fighting drought" series reflected how the artist's dialogue remained at the stage of pure first love, then the "Walls" series that he began at the end 1984 was a clear expression of a more metaphysical introspection on culture. Because the artist's spiritual understanding inclined towards an ore transcendental nature, the details of nature in his works tended to diminish progressively and the atmosphere he created through his composition and color also moved in the direction of Surrealism. In his "Walls" series, Ding Fang expressed his alternate consciousness of history and reality. The artist could sense the magnificence of history while at the same time being perceptually alive to the precipitation primitive culture planted within the national spirit. By way of contrast, reality was a wasteland. When his characters encounter some grand historical monument from the past standing in he wasteland and are buffeted by the winds of cold reality, they are moved naturally to tears. In a later painting in the series the ruins of he building resembling a cathedral no longer appeared like a fortress on the loess plateau; instead it could be regarded as the artist's geometrically accurate treatment of the angles of the line of the moat and of the regularity of the battlements provided the initial clue for the modeling of the sword in the painting."
Leaving the Fortress.
"After he completed "Leaving the fortress", the illusory sense that history and nature induced in the artist's soul still continued to influence his work, and led him to paint a series of magic-realist works. The series title "The call and birth" was the full embodiment of this style, its most important characteristic being that the turning of the earth bore the image of an enormous mask, and the shape of the mountain fortress was more solid and succinct. Through these images he artist explained that even though the surface of the land suggested that the earth was utterly exhausted, it concealed a powerful latent vitality which, when addressed with the eyes of history, will speak. The artist has anthropomorphized the earth and created it as a historical "mask" that can breathe, sigh or even emit a deafening roar." 
The Strength of Tragedy.
"In 1987, the artist completed his series titled "The strength of tragedy". In the second work in this series, subtitles "Sacrifice", we see a typical image of the sacrifice of Christ, through which the artist attempts to show a consummate portrayal of solemn and stirring sacrifice. In the artist's eyes, the "life of personal sacrifice in flames" is "a symbol of the resurrection of the soul". The third work in this series is symbolic of the ascension of the soul of the artist. At this stage in the series titled "The strength of tragedy", Ding Fang transformed his love of nature into the spirit of Christ's sacrifice, and accompanying this religiosity he began to reiterate an ascetic spirit."
Influences.
The book "Famous Paintings of the World" by Liu Haisu in 1932 
His Christian faith.
In 1984 Ding Fang traveled to Tibet. Following his time in Tibet his paintings since the 1990s have been heavy landscapes done in oil that are suggestive of Tibet and dark cities.

</doc>
<doc id="19826930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826930" title="Coromandel screen">
Coromandel screen

A Coromandel screen is a Chinese wooden folding screen coated in dark lacquer that is carved before being painted with gold or varied colors. Some may be decorated with precious stones.
The lacquer techniques for Coromandel screens, known as "kuancai" (literally "incised colors"), emerged during the late Ming Dynasty (1368–1644) and were applied to folding screens to create dark screens incised, painted, and inlaid with decorative mother-of-pearl, ivory, or other materials. Up to thirty layers of lacquer could be used. Each layer could have pictures and patterns incised, painted, and inlaid, and this created a design standing out against a dark background. The screens were made in China and appeared in Europe during the late 17th century. The name refers to the Coromandel Coast in India where screens and other furnishings from China were loaded onto ships carrying goods to Europe. 
The famous fashion designer Coco Chanel was an avid collector of Chinese folding screens, especially the Coromandel screens, and is believed to have owned 32 folding screens of which eight of them were housed in her apartment at 31 rue Cambon, Paris. She once said:

</doc>
<doc id="19826931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826931" title="Camlock">
Camlock

Camlock or cam lock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19826937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826937" title="Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts">
Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts

The Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts are a senior ice hockey team based in Grand Falls-Windsor, Newfoundland and Labrador as part of the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League.
The past few seasons the Cats have played well. In the 2010-2011 season the Cataracts went on to beat Conception Bay North Cee Bee Stars 4-0 in the series to win the Herder Memorial Trophy. In the 2011-2012 season, the Cataracts were the Herder runner-ups to the Clarenville Caribous. 

</doc>
<doc id="19826938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826938" title="Moli">
Moli

Moli is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3447 living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19826941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826941" title="Mulkharka">
Mulkharka

Mulkharka is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3719 living in 596 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19826952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826952" title="Protostome">
Protostome

Protostomia (from Greek meaning "mouth first") are a clade of animals. Together with the deuterostomes and a few larger phyla, they make up the Bilateria, mostly comprising animals with bilateral symmetry and three germ layers. The major distinctions between deuterostomes and protostomes are found in embryonic development.
In animals at least as complex as earthworms, the embryo forms a dent on one side, the blastopore, which deepens to become the archenteron, the first phase in the growth of the gut. In deuterostomes, the original dent becomes the anus while the gut eventually tunnels through to make another opening, which forms the mouth. The protostomes were so named because it used to be thought that in their embryos the dent formed the mouth while the anus was formed later, at the opening made by the other end of the gut.
More recent research, however, shows that in protostomes the edges of the dent close up in the middle, leaving openings at the ends which become the mouth and anus. However, this idea has been challenged, because the Acoelomorpha, a group which may be the sister group to the rest of the bilaterian animals, have a single mouth which leads into a blind gut (with no anus). The genes employed in the embryonic construction of this mouth are the same as those expressed around the protostome mouth.
There are other significant differences between the protostome and deuterostome patterns of development:
Current molecular data suggest that protostome animals can be divided into three major groups:
as well as a number of minor taxa of basal or ambiguous affinity, namely the Chaetognatha.

</doc>
<doc id="19826968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826968" title="Woodhill, New Zealand">
Woodhill, New Zealand

Woodhill is the name of several places in New Zealand:

</doc>
<doc id="19826979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826979" title="Main Navy and Munitions Buildings">
Main Navy and Munitions Buildings

The Main Navy and Munitions Buildings were constructed in 1918 along Constitution Avenue (then known as B Street) on Washington, D.C.'s National Mall (Potomac Park), to provide temporary quarters for the United States Military. Both buildings were constructed by the Navy's Bureau of Yards and Docks, with the United States Department of War occupying the Munitions Building. To make the buildings more resistant to fire, the buildings were constructed using concrete. With solid construction, the temporary buildings remained in use long after the end of World War I. 
In August 1939, the Secretary of War relocated his offices from the overcrowded State-War-Navy Building (Old Executive Office Building) to the Munitions Building. The Department of War headquarters remained in the Munitions Building, through the early years of World War II, until 1942, when some space became available in the Pentagon, which was under construction. The Munitions Building was turned over to the Navy in 1943, when the Department of War completely vacated the Munitions Building once construction of the Pentagon was completed.
Both buildings suffered serious structural problems in the 1960s. In December 1969, President Richard Nixon announced that both buildings would be demolished, a plan which was carried out in 1970. The land was then reclaimed and turned into Constitution Gardens, with the Vietnam Veterans Memorial built near the former Munitions Building site in the early 1980s.
Construction.
Constructing the Munitions and Main Navy Buildings was an idea conceived by Franklin D. Roosevelt, then the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who put forth the idea to President Woodrow Wilson. Roosevelt originally suggested a temporary building be placed on the Ellipse, but President Wilson disliked the idea of a building on the White House's front lawn. Thus, Roosevelt suggested placing the buildings on the National Mall (Potomac Park) along B Street (renamed Constitution Avenue in 1931), near the Lincoln Memorial. Roosevelt wanted them to be ugly wooden buildings, so that people would want to tear them down right away after World War I. However, to make the buildings more fire resistant, concrete and steel materials were recommended. Roosevelt later expressed regret for allowing these building to be constructed, saying in 1941, "I didn't think I would ever be let into the Gates of Heaven, because I had been responsible for desecrating the parks of Washington."
The project was originally intended for just the Navy, but the Department of War also wanted in on the project, thus two buildings were proposed. With concrete construction not unreasonably more expensive than a wood frame building, Congress accepted the proposal for concrete buildings, and approved the funds for the project in March 1918. The task of design and construction of the buildings was given to the Navy's Bureau of Yards and Docks, and the buildings were completed in 5 months.
Munitions Building.
The Munitions Building, constructed in 1918, contained of space across three stories, and was designed to provide temporary accommodations for 9,000 Department of War employees. During World War I, the War Department had greatly expanded, and by the end of the war, the Main Navy and Munitions Building together housed 14,000 military personnel, including the Secretary of the Navy. A large parking lot wide and long, was located at the rear of the Munitions Building, with space to accommodate approximately 1,000 cars. Various small exhibits were on display in the corridors of the Munitions Buildings, showing military uniforms, types of gas masks, military daily rations, and Army photographs. The Munitions Building was separated from the Main Navy Building by a vehicle entryway at 19th Street, and the main entrance of the Munitions Building was located at 20th Street. The Munitions Building had a total of eight wings.
At the end of World War I, the Munitions Building housed technical branches, including the Quartermaster General, United States Army Corps of Engineers, Ordnance Corps, 
Chemical Warfare Service, Signal Corps, and Army Air Service. In March 1923, the Army's Finance Office also moved into the Munitions Building. In February 1924, plans were put forth to build an oil steam plant for the Main Navy and Munitions Building. In November 1933, the Army Inspector General's office, along with the Organized Reserves, the welfare section of the Secretary's office, and the Office of Chief of Chaplains moved into the Munitions Building. The National Guard Bureau also was housed in the Munitions Building, as was the Army Industrial College.
Headquarters.
At the time when the Munitions Building was constructed, the War Department was headquartered in the State-War-Navy Building, which was completed in 1888 and located on 17th Street NW, next to the White House. By the 1930s, the War Department was being squeezed out by the Department of State, and the White House was also in need of additional office space. In August 1939, Secretary of War Harry H. Woodring, along with Acting Chief of Staff of the Army George C. Marshall, moved his office into the Munitions Building. In the late 1930s, a new War Department Building was constructed at 21st and C Streets in Foggy Bottom, but upon completion, the new building did not solve the department's space problem, and ended up being used by the Department of State. To help deal with the space shortage, a fourth story was added to the Main Navy and Munitions Buildings during World War II.
Coming into office, with World War II breaking out in Europe, Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson was faced with the situation of the War Department spread out in numerous buildings across Washington, D.C., as well as Maryland and Virginia, and the Munitions Building was overcrowded. On July 28, 1941, Congress authorized funding for a new Department of War building in Arlington, Virginia, which would house the entire department under one roof. When office space became available in 1942 at the Pentagon in the first completed wing, the Secretary of War vacated the Munitions Building and moved to the Pentagon. The Department of War vacated the Munitions Building in 1943, once construction of the Pentagon was completed. The Department of Navy took over the Munitions Building once the Department of War relocated out of the building, and placed the Navy's Material Systems Command offices in the Munitions Building.
World War II.
The Signal Intelligence Service was located in the Munitions Building during the early years of World War II. In September 1939, the Signal Intelligence Service was able to break Japan's cipher, Purple. The Department of War continued to receive intercepted messages, codenamed Magic, including final messages to the Japanese Embassy in Washington before the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
Main Navy.
The Main Navy building was used by the Navy from the time it was built, until it was demolished in 1970. The building contained of space, nine wings, and was connected to the Munitions Building by an elevated covered walkway. 
Navy offices housed in the Main Navy building soon after it opened included the Bureau of Navigation, Bureau of Supplies and Accounts, Bureau of Steam Engineering, Bureau of Construction and Repair, the Bureau of Yards and Docks, Bureau of Ordnance, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, the Secretary of Navy's offices, along with Naval Operations, and the Compensation Board. Later on, other Navy Offices moved into Main Navy, including the Dispensary, the Navy Red Cross, Examining Board, and Retiring Board, which were previously housed in Corcoran Courts, an apartment building converted into offices. The Hydrographic Office and United States Marine Corps moved to Main Navy from a Navy Annex building, located at New York Avenue and 18th Street, and the United States Coast Guard relocated from the Munsey Building. The Navy Department Library was relocated to the Main Navy building in 1923. From 1926 to 1941, a small reinforced concrete roof penthouse on the Main Navy building was used for radio and communication intercepts training.
Criticism.
The Main Navy and Munitions Buildings were disliked by many, as going against the intentions of Pierre (Peter) Charles L'Enfant of making the National Mall into an open space surrounded by aesthetically pleasing government buildings. The Munitions and Navy buildings were described as "unsightly shacks, of which many scores sprung up like mushrooms during the war." Despite their dislike, due to their solid construction, many were concerned that the buildings would remain for a long period.
Demolition.
By 1960, the Munitions Building housed approximately 7,000 employees of not only the Navy, but also the Army, Air Force, Veterans Administration, and the Department of State. After decades of use, the building experienced structural problems in the late 1950s and 1960s, including cracked concrete piers, numerous interior cracked and bent walls, and settling floors. The buildings, constructed on marshy parkland, were damp and the foundations settling. Portions of the buildings were declared unsafe in 1969, resulting in approximately 3,000 employees relocating to other facilities. In December 1969, President Richard Nixon announced a plan for demolishing the Main Navy and Munitions Buildings. The plan involved moving Navy employees to new buildings in the Crystal City and Ballston areas in Arlington, Virginia. The Main Navy and Munitions Buildings remained on the Mall until 1970, when they were demolished. 
In the 1970s, Constitution Gardens was built on the former site of the Main Navy and Munitions Buildings, and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was built nearby in the early 1980s.

</doc>
