<doc id="19945367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945367" title="List of Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland churches">
List of Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland churches

This is a list of Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland churches.

</doc>
<doc id="19945373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945373" title="Sir Herbert Huntington-Whiteley, 1st Baronet">
Sir Herbert Huntington-Whiteley, 1st Baronet

Sir Herbert James Huntington-Whiteley, 1st Baronet (8 December 1857 – 22 January 1936) was a British Conservative politician.
He was born as Herbert James Whiteley, and was the younger son of George Whiteley of Blackburn, Lancashire. His elder brother, George, was a prominent Conservative, later Liberal politician, and was later created Baron Marchamley. Herbert, however, remained a Conservative in politics. He became a member of Blackburn town council, and in 1892 was mayor of the borough.
In 1895 he married Florence Kate Huntington, eldest daughter of William Balle Huntington of Darwen, Lancashire. They had two sons.
In 1895 he was elected as member of parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne, and held the seat for eleven years until defeated in the Liberal landslide election in 1906.
Whiteley moved to Thorngrove, near Worcester, and in 1913 was High Sheriff of the county. In 1916 he returned to The Commons at by-election for Droitwich.
In March 1918 Whiteley was granted a royal licence allowing him to add the surname and coat of arms of his late father in law to his own. In the same month he was created a baronet, "of Grimley in the County of Worcester". The Droitwich constituency was abolished by the Representation of the People Act 1918, and Huntington Whiteley retired from parliament.
He died at his Worcestershire home in January 1936, aged 78.
He is the great-great grandfather of model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. His grandson, Herbert Oliver ("Peter") Huntington-Whiteley, was a celebrated wartime commando who took part in the Dieppe raid of 1942. The latter's maternal grandfather was Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin, whose mother Louisa ("née" Macdonald) was aunt of the poet Rudyard Kipling and sister-in-law of painters Sir Edward Burne-Jones and Sir Edward Poynter.

</doc>
<doc id="19945381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945381" title="Yubari King">
Yubari King

The is a cantaloupe cultivar farmed in greenhouses in Yūbari, Hokkaidō, a small town close to Sapporo. The Yubari King is a hybrid of two other cantaloupe cultivars: Earl's Favourite and Burpee's "Spicy" Cantaloupe. This hybrid's scientific name is "Cucumis melo" L. var. "reticulatus" Naud. cv. Yubari King.
Some Japanese people present Yubari King melons as gifts during Chūgen. A top-grade melon is to be perfectly round and have an exceptionally smooth rind. A portion of the stem, which is snipped with scissors, is left on top for aesthetic appeal.
At a Japanese auction in 2008, two Yubari King melons sold together for ¥2.5 million. In 2007, the top price paid for a pair of Yubari King melons was ¥2 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19945392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945392" title="Orée-du-Parc District">
Orée-du-Parc District

The Orée-du-Parc District (District 6) is a municipal district in the city of Gatineau, Quebec. It is currently served on Gatineau City Council by Mireille Apollon. 
The district is located in the Hull sector of the city. The district includes the northern part of Hull, including the neighbourhoods of Mont-Blue, Ironside and part of Parc de la Montagne. The name of the district translates to "the edge of the park", referring to Gatineau Park which it is adjacent.
Election results.
2008 by-election.
An election was held on October 26 to fill the seat vacated by Ms. Poirier.

</doc>
<doc id="19945397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945397" title="Helmut Wendorff">
Helmut Wendorff

Helmut Max Ernst Wendorff was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS. He was issued with the SS number 365 017 and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Wendorff was born on 20 October 1920 in Grauwinkel. In 1931, his family moved to Damme, in the Uckermark, where his father leased a farm.
In the autumn of 1939, Wendorff graduated from the Numburg National-Political School and volunteered for military service when war broke out and joined the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (LSSAH) on 4 September 1939.
On 6 November 1939, Wendorff joined up with the Regiment in Prague, where it had temporarily taken up quarters after the Polish Campaign. Wendorff was assigned to the 11th Company, but was transferred to the Sturmgeschütz (Assault Gun) Battery in June 1940. He saw action in the Balkans and the Soviet Union with this Company.
On 14 September 1941, Wendorff was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class; he was also promoted from Sturmmann to Oberscharführer (Technical Sergeant).
On 1 November 1941, Wendorff was sent to the SS Junkerschule in Bad Tölz and returned to the Sturmgeschütz battalion in April 1942, as an Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant).
On December 24, 1942, Wendorff was re-assigned to the 13 (Tiger) Company, SS Regiment 1 "LSSAH,"
at Fallingbostel, where he Commanded a platoon in the 2nd Company.
In the early spring of 1943, Wendorff’s old friend, Michael Wittmann joined the Tiger company. During Operation Citadel the "LSSAH" was located in the southern sector of the bulge. On the first day of action, Wittmann destroyed two anti-tanks guns and thirteen T-34s, while saving Helmut Wendorff's platoon, which ran into trouble. He was awarded the Knight's Cross on 12 February 1944.
When his tank versus tank victories had reached 58.
He was killed in action on 14 August 1944, when his Tiger was knocked out 3 kilometres west of Merzieres.
At the time of his death he had been credited with 84 tank kills.

</doc>
<doc id="19945400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945400" title="Fontas River">
Fontas River

The Fontas River, originally Fantasque's River, after the name of a chief of the Sekani people, is a river in northeastern British Columbia, Canada, having its origin in northwestern Alberta, Canada. It joins the Sikanni Chief River southeast of the town of Fort Nelson, British Columbia, forming the Fort Nelson River.
"Fontas River...drains a large extent of country, roughly 3600 square miles. Its water, mainly derived from surface water and swamps, is dark in colour, and at its mouth forms a deep contrast to the white silty water of the Sikanni Chief... The Fort Nelson River is formed by the junction of the Sikanni Chief and Fontas Rivers, at which point it is from 400 to 500 feet wide..." (extracts from the report of G.B. Milligan, surveyor, 14 December 1914)

</doc>
<doc id="19945414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945414" title="Livonia High School">
Livonia High School

Livonia High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945431" title="Heinz Starke">
Heinz Starke

Heinz Starke (February 27, 1911 – January 31, 2001) was a German politician. He was born in Silesia. He was Minister of Finance of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1961–62. He sat in the Bundestag from 1953 to 1980 and represented the single member district of Hof from 1953 to 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19945434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945434" title="Pantosaurus">
Pantosaurus

Pantosaurus ("all lizard") is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Jurassic (Oxfordian) of what is now Wyoming. It lived in what used to be the Sundance Sea. It was originally named Parasaurus ("near lizard") by Othniel Charles Marsh in reference to "Plesiosaurus", but that name was preoccupied, and Marsh changed it. The species "Muraenosaurus reedii" is in fact a junior synonym of "Pantosaurus". The holotype YPM 543 is a partial articulated skeleton, partially prepared to yield a distal humerus, four articulated carpals, a fragment of the coracoid, and several isolated cervical vertebrae from the Upper Member of the Sundance Formation. Other material includes USNM 536963, USNM 536965, UW 3, UW 5544 and UW 15938.
Palaeobiology.
"Pantosaurus" possesses between 35 and 40 cervical vertebrae, which are very similar in proportion and morphology to those of "Muraenosaurus leedsii" from the Oxford Clay Formation (Callovian, Middle Jurassic) of England. The forelimb of "Pantosaurus" however can be differentiated from that of "Muraenosaurus", such as the relatively large size of the radius and the corresponding humerus-radius articulation. No "Pantosaurus" cranial material has yet been discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19945446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945446" title="2000 BMW Open – Singles">
2000 BMW Open – Singles

Franco Squillari was the defending champion.
Squillari successfully defended his title, defeating Tommy Haas 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19945451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945451" title="1971–72 New York Knicks season">
1971–72 New York Knicks season

The 1971–72 New York Knicks season was the 26th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks compiled a 48–34 record in the regular season to finish second in the Atlantic Division and earn a berth in the NBA Playoffs for the sixth consecutive year. New York had acquired Earl Monroe in a trade with the Baltimore Bullets in November 1971.
In the first round of the playoffs New York faced the Baltimore Bullets, who had defeated the Knicks in the Eastern Conference Finals the previous year. The Knicks won the series in six games and advanced to the conference finals, where they faced the Boston Celtics. With a 4–1 series victory, New York made the NBA Finals for the second time in three seasons. In the Finals, the Knicks were opposed by the Los Angeles Lakers, who they had beaten in the 1970 NBA Finals. After winning Game 1 of the Finals 114–92 in Los Angeles, the Knicks lost the next four games and the series. Willis Reed only played 11 games in the regular season and missed the entirety of the playoffs with a knee injury.
Playoffs.
East Conference Semifinals.
(C1) Baltimore Bullets vs. (A2) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 4–2"
East Conference Finals.
(A1) Boston Celtics vs. (A2) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 4–1"
NBA Finals.
"Lakers win series 4–1"

</doc>
<doc id="19945458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945458" title="Convention of the Left">
Convention of the Left

The Convention of the Left (CL) is an annual conference of British left, socialist, progressive and green parties and organisations, first held in Manchester in September 2008. The format of the conference was that it 'shadowed' the Labour Party's 2008 Annual Conference, also being held in the city. A 'recall' event was held in the city in January 2009.
Aims and values.
The 'Statement of Intent' for the Convention was that it aimed to "explicitly challenge Labour’s programme of warmongering, neoliberal privatisation and failure to tackle environmental destruction." The statement was signed[http://www.conventionoftheleft.org/intent.htm] by:
Membership.
While the CL had managed to attract the support of both Respect Renewal and the Socialist Workers' Party (at that point engaged in a protracted dispute over the demerger of the Respect - The Unity Coalition), the Communist Party of Great Britain (PCC) dismissed the event as a "talking shop" [http://www.cpgb.org.uk/worker/737/convention.html] (it supporting the Campaign for a Marxist Party against "broad fronts" and for deeper discussion on differences on the Left), however the CPGB (PCC) and its autonomous student group Communist Students signed up as supporters of the convention. The Socialist Party did not sponsor the event as it has its own Campaign for a New Workers' Party and invited the organisers to join their campaign.
The full list of supporting party organisations is as follows:
It was also supported by "The Morning Star", "Red Pepper", "Labour Briefing" and "Socialist Worker".

</doc>
<doc id="19945461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945461" title="Hucisko Oleskie">
Hucisko Oleskie

Hucisko Oleskie, also known as Huta Oleska or Huta Olejska was a village near Huta Werchobuska on the road to Złoczów in Złoczów County, Tarnopol Voivodeship, before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland located in Second Polish Republic, now in Ukraine. The village was one of hundreds of sites of ethnic killings during the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia by the Ukrainian OUN-UPA death squads between 1942 and 1945. 
In October 1944 and in December 1944 Christmas Eve raids, Zygmunt Konopka and Józef Gabinski were executed there. Polish villagers of Hucisko have been noted for harboring Jews trying to escape the Nazi German Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="19945463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945463" title="Strzał w 10">
Strzał w 10

Strzał w 10 (English translation: "Shot in 10") was a Polish game show based on the original American format of "Power of 10". The show was hosted by Cezary Pazura. The main goal of the game was to win 1 million zlotys by choosing correct range of percentage in 5 questions. "Strzał w 10" was broadcast from 29 March 2008 to December 2008. It was shown on the Polish TV station Polsat. No one won 1 million zlotys grand prize.
Rules.
See Power of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19945493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945493" title="Eugene McNamara">
Eugene McNamara

Eugene McNamara (b. 1930 Oak Park, IL) is a poet, author and teacher, and a Professor Emeritus in the Department of English at the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario. He founded and edited the University of Windsor Review from 1965 to 1987.
McNamara attended Northwestern University in Illinois where he received his Ph.D. He taught American literature and Creative Writing at the University of Windsor. He received the City of Windsor Mayor's Award for Excellence in the Literary Arts in 1998.
In 2008, the Eugene McNamara Creative Writing Scholarship was established. It is awarded annually to a 3rd or 4th year student in the Creative Writing Programme.
He has published in the genres of poetry, short stories and novels. Four of his short stories were selected for inclusion in the annual Best Canadian Stories. One of these stories appeared in Best American Short Stories in 1975.
Among his published works are:

</doc>
<doc id="19945495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945495" title="Ukrainian National Youth Competition">
Ukrainian National Youth Competition

The Ukrainian National Youth Competition is split into four (4) age groups which in turn has the Supreme and the First Leagues. The Supreme Leagues consists out of four regional groups and the First have eight. The competition's oldest age group has the teenagers who are no older than 17 years old and the youngest - the teenagers no older than 14.
List of Clubs.
Most of the professional clubs have theirs youth schools represented in this competition. Therefore there are a lot of the same name clubs participate in this competition as on the professional level. Also some independent youth sport schools represent themselves as well. Those schools are abbreviated as CYSS for Children-Youth Sport School (DUSSh), another such school can be abbreviated as SCYSOR which stands for Sport Children-Youth School of Olympic Reserve (SDUShOR). There also is an abbreviation OR for Olympic Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19945499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945499" title="Lauren Carter">
Lauren Carter

Lauren Carter is an American actress, singer and model. As an actress, she has appeared in a wide range of productions, from short films to feature films, including a music video by DJ Fresh and a comic opera by Oscar-winning director Robert Altman. Lauren also graduated as a soprano in the Northwestern University, and has performed in concerts and recitals throughout the world. Finally, as a model, Lauren has appeared in several magazines, and won a few awards. She is engaged with the best-selling author and celebrity life coach Ali Campbell.
Lauren started her acting career in 2000, with a role in the short film "Blood Drinkers". In 2002 she appeared in her first feature film, "Boo!", and soon others followed. In 2004 she acted as the sister of the bride in "A Wedding", the opera based on Robert Altman's 1978 film of the same name. In 2010 she played a part in the official music video of DJ Fresh's song "Lassitude".
Lauren holds a Bachelor of Music from the Northwestern University and a Master of Music from the University of Southampton. She is a soprano trained by professionals such as Carmen Mehta, ex-wife of the Indian composer Zubin Mehta, and now wife to his brother Zarin Mehta, president and executive director of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra. Lauren has performed in various countries, including the United Kingdom, the United States and Austria. She has also done work as a voice-over, for example in the documentary "Lady Gaga: One Sequin at a Time".
As to modeling, Lauren was first spotted in 2002 by Ford Models, and now she works with LA's "Peak Models & Talent" and London's "Flair Talent". She has modeled in various events and for many magazines, including the international men's magazine "Maxim", a six-page spread in the Norwegian edition of the also international "For Him Magazine", and other magazines such as "Sports Illustrated" and "Guyism". Currently, Lauren is a Cover Girl finalist for the magazine "Bella Petite".

</doc>
<doc id="19945505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945505" title="Lu Qi">
Lu Qi

Lu Qi (盧杞), courtesy name Ziliang (子良), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong. He was characterized as treacherous and selfish in traditional histories, and traditional historians blamed him for provoking the rebellions of Zhu Ci and Li Huaiguang, which greatly weakened the Tang state.
Background and early career.
It is not known when Lu Qi was born. His grandfather Lu Huaishen was a chancellor early in the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His father Lu Yi (盧奕) served as an imperial official as well, and was one of the officials in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang when the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang in 755, toward the end of Emperor Xuanzong's reign. An quickly advanced to Luoyang, and Lu Yi, while sending his wife and sons away, remained in Luoyang himself, seeing it as his responsibility to do so. When Luoyang fell, Lu Yi remained faithful to the Tang cause and continued to curse the rebels even as he was under threat of execution, and he was executed.
Because how his father had died in imperial service, Lu Qi became an official early in his life. He was said to be ugly in appearance, such that he was compared to a ghost; however, he was also said to be frugal, and he gained a good reputation and was compared to his grandfather Lu Huaishen. While the major general Pugu Huai'en served as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia), he invited Lu to serve as a secretary for him. He was later removed on account of illness. Later, he successively served as the deputy minister of vassal affairs (鴻臚丞, "Honglu Cheng"), imperial censor (殿中侍御史, "Dianzhong Shiyushi"), and "Shangbu Yuanwailang" (膳部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of rites (禮部, "Libu"). He later was set to serve as the prefect of Zhong Prefecture (忠州, in modern Chongqing), but when he went to visit his superior Wei Boyu (衛伯玉), the military governor of Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei), he displeased Wei, and subsequently, he resigned under excuse of illness and returned to the capital Chang'an. He later successively served as "Xingbu Yuanwailang" (刑部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"); "Jinbu Langzhong" (金部郎中), a mid-level official at the ministry of census (戶部, "Hubu"); and "Libu Langzhong" (吏部郎中, "Libu Langzhong"), a mid-level official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"). He later served as the prefect of Guo Prefecture (虢州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan). Early in the "Jianzhong" era (780-783) of Emperor Xuanzong's great-grandson Emperor Dezong, he was recalled to Chang'an to serve as deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"). On one occasion, when he was meeting the senior general Guo Ziyi at Guo's mansion, Guo personally greeted him and sent his concubines and servants away — contrary to Guo's typical custom of having the concubines and servants greet the guests. When later asked why, Guo responded, "Lu Qi is ugly and treacherous. If I let the women see him, they would surely laugh at him. If he later become powerful, my household would be wiped out."
As chancellor.
Before Zhu Ci's rebellion.
In 781, Lu Qi, who had gained Emperor Dezong's favor because of his ability to speak well, was promoted to be the governor (觀察使, "Guanchashi") of Jingji Circuit (京畿, i.e., the Chang'an region). By that point, Yang Yan, who had been the sole chancellor, had drawn secret anger from Emperor Dezong for informing regional governors that Emperor Dezong's own enmity for the senior official Liu Yan was responsible for Liu's death in 780. Later in 781, Emperor Dezong promoted Lu to be "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", to divert power from Yang. As Lu lacked literary talent, Yang looked down on him, and while it was customary for chancellors to have lunch together, Yang often found excuses to avoid meeting with Lu, drawing Lu's resentment. As chancellor, Lu was said to be petty and using treacherous tactics against those who dared not associate with him.
Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong, who had ambitions to wipe out warlordism and reassert imperial authority throughout the realm, had put Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), in charge of a campaign against Liang Chongyi, the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), who had ruled Shannan East semi-independently from the imperial regime and had an alliance with several other regional warlords, Tian Yue (who ruled Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei)), Li Weiyue (who ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei)), and Li Na (who ruled Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong)). Emperor Dezong's commissioning of Li Xilie was over Yang's strenuous objection, as Yang felt that Li Xilie could not be trusted. When Li Xilie's army was not launched for sometime due to rain, Lu secretly suggested to Emperor Dezong that it was actually because Li Xilie was resentful of Yang and that Emperor Dezong should remove Yang to placate Li Xilie. Emperor Dezong agreed, and in fall 781, he made Yang "Zuo Pushe" (左僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau, but no longer chancellor. Subsequently, Lu falsely accused Yang of treason, and Yang was exiled and then executed.
Later in 781, Li Wei (李洧), the cousin to Li Na's father and predecessor Li Zhengji, whom Li Zhengji had made the prefect of Xu Prefecture (徐州, in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), contacted and offered to submit to the imperial government. He sent his assistant Cui Cheng (崔程) to Chang'an and suggested that if he were made the governor of a new circuit containing Xu Prefecture and two other prefectures belonging to Pinglu — Hai (海州, in modern Lianyungang, Jiangsu) and Yi (沂州, in modern Linyi, Shandong) Prefectures — those prefectures would turn against Li Na and submit to the imperial government as well. When Cui arrived at Chang'an, however, he made the mistake of first meeting Lu's chancellor colleague Zhang Yi rather than Lu. Lu, viewing this as a snub, refused. Subsequently, although the Li Wei still submitted, and the imperial government was able to take Xu Prefecture, they were not able to take the other two prefectures. Meanwhile, wanting to eliminate Zhang as a competitor for power, he pretended to be willing to become the military governor of the important Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), a key defensive position against Tufan, and then making comments that induced Emperor Dezong to make Zhang the military governor of Fengxiang instead. It was said that early in Emperor Dezong's reign, when Cui Youfu was the main chancellor, Cui had led him to be lenient, and therefore Emperor Dezong was compared by the people to his well-regarded ancestor Emperor Taizong, but after Lu became chancellor, he led Emperor Dezong to be strict, harsh, and suspicious, causing disappointment throughout the realm.
The imperial campaigns, meanwhile, appeared to be bearing fruit, as Li Xilie defeated Liang and Liang committed suicide, bringing Shannan East into the imperial fold; Li Weiyue's subordinate Wang Wujun killed Li Weiyue and submitted to the imperial government; and both Tian and Li Na were under siege by imperial forces. However, Emperor Dezong then angered both Wang and Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), whose victories against Chengde forces had been instrumental in causing Wang's mutiny against Li Weiyue, by not rewarding them in accordance of what they believed they deserved. They therefore turned against the imperial government and allied with Tian, defeating imperial forces sieging Tian at Weibo's capital Wei Prefecture. As the campaigns continued, the imperial treasury was being drained, and Emperor Dezong, under suggestion from the imperial scholars Wei Dubin (韋都賓) and Chen Jing (陳京), issued an edict forcing merchants to make mandatory loans to the government. On one occasion, merchants, burdened by these "loans", surrounded Lu on the streets of Chang'an and begged him to intercede on their behalf, he was scared by the display and comforted them, but once he was able to get away from the crowd did not make any actual proposals to help them.
Around this time, in addition to Zhang Yi, several officials were also said to be victims of Lu's treachery:
During Zhu Ci's rebellion.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east, mutinied after not receiving awards that they believed they deserved. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), initially taking only his family members and a small group of eunuchs and imperial guards with him. Lu and fellow chancellor Guan Bo, in the confusion, had to jump over the walls of the office of chancellors, located at the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), to catch up with Emperor Dezong.
Emperor Dezong issued emergency edicts seeking aid from the nearby circuits. Meanwhile, the Jingyuan soldiers supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci, who had been removed from his command in 782 due to Zhu Tao's rebellion, as their leader. Zhu Ci initially claimed that he was merely calming the situation at Chang'an and was ready to welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an, but soon there were rumors that Zhu was planning to claim imperial title himself and attack Emperor Dezong at Fengtian. In light of this, some officials who had fled to Fengtian suggested that Fengtian's defenses be shored up, but Lu, misjudging the situation, argued to Emperor Dezong that Zhu would surely remain faithful to Tang and advocated taking no precautions at all and stopping the incoming aid troops, although at Jiang Gongfu's advice Emperor Dezong continued to receive the aid troops into Fengtian. At suggestion of Lu and Bai Zhizhen (白志貞) the commander of the imperial guards, Emperor Dezong sent his granduncle Wu Xu (吳漵) (Emperor Daizong's mother's brother) to Chang'an to communicate with Zhu. Zhu initially welcomed Wu as an honored imperial emissary, but soon put Wu to death. He declared himself emperor of a new state of Qin.
Meanwhile, the official Cui Ning arrived at Fengtian several days after Emperor Dezong did. Emperor Dezong was pleased, but Lu heard that, on the way to Fengtian, Cui had made comments that Lu was responsible for misleading the emperor into this disaster. Lu feared that Cui would accuse him of causing the calamity, and therefore secretly plotted with an official who had arrived at Fengitan with Cui, Wang Hong (王翃). He had Wang make a secret report to Emperor Dezong that on the way to Fengtian, Cui had frequently stopped to defecate or urinate and appeared to be waiting for Zhu's soldiers. Lu and Wang also forced Cui's secretary Kang Dan (康湛) into forging a letter from Cui to Zhu, offering to betray Fengtian to him. Lu, presenting the forgery to Emperor Dezong, thus falsely accused Cui of treason. Emperor Dezong believed Lu's accusations and executed Cui.
Zhu soon put Fengtian under siege. A Tang aid force, commanded by the generals Du Xiquan (杜希全), Dai Xiuyan (戴休顏), Shi Changchun (時常春), and Li Jianhui (李建徽), was approaching Fengtian and requesting imperial instructions on which way to advance into the city. Guan and the general Hun Zhen suggested having the aid force march over Qianling — the hill containing the tomb of Emperor Dezong's ancestor Emperor Gaozong — so that they would have better tactical position. Lu, arguing that doing so was disrespectful, suggested having the aid force march through a valley, despite Hun's protestations that doing so would expose the aid force to catapult attacks by Qin forces. Emperor Dezong agreed with Lu, and subsequently, the aid force was ambushed and, after suffering heavy losses, was forced to withdraw without ever reaching Fengtian. This incident drew a comment from the Song Dynasty/Yuan Dynasty historian Hu Sanxing (the commentator of the "Zizhi Tongjian"):
Soon, Fengtian was in a desperate state, but was saved when Li Huaiguang the military governor of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia), who had been fighting Tian Yue in the east, arrived in haste and forced Zhu to withdraw back to Chang'an. Meanwhile, though, it had become common knowledge that Li Huaiguang despised Lu, Bai, and Zhao Zan (趙贊) — and that he would recommend to Emperor Dezong that those officials be removed. When Lu heard this, he believed that he had to prevent a meeting between Emperor Dezong and Li Huaiguang at all costs, and therefore suggested to Emperor Dezong order Li Huaiguang to attack Chang'an at once. Emperor Dezong agreed, and ordered Li Huaiguang to rendezvous with Li Sheng, Li Jianhui, and Yang Huiyuan (楊惠元) to attack Chang'an. Li Huaiguang, angry that he was not even able to meet the emperor, began to resent Emperor Dezong. He stopped his army's movement and submitted petitions accusing Lu and the others of crimes and further accusing them of being responsible for the Jingyuan mutiny. Li Huaiguang's accusations were joined by those from many other officials. Around the new year 784, Emperor Dezong was forced to demote and exile Lu, Bai, and Zhao — in Lu's case, to be the military advisor to the prefect of Xin Prefecture (新洲, in modern Yunfu, Guangdong). (Due to this incident, however, Li Huaiguang's relationship with Emperor Dezong was permanently damaged, and Li Huaiguang would rebel himself later in 784; his rebellion would not be suppressed until 785.)
After demotion.
Despite his being forced to exile Lu Qi, however, Emperor Dezong continued to miss him, and thereafter, the imperial scholar Lu Zhi, whose opinions Emperor Dezong otherwise greatly respected, was said to be not promoted partly because Lu Zhi was continuing to attack Lu Qi in his advice.
In 785, after a general pardon, Lu Qi was promoted to be the secretary general of Ji Prefecture (吉州, in modern Ji'an, Jiangxi). He made the comment, "Surely, I will soon return to the capital." Soon thereafter, Emperor Dezong ordered the imperial attendant Yuan Gao (袁高) to draft an edict further promoting Lu to be the prefect of Rao Prefecture (饒州, in modern Shangrao, Jiangxi). Yuan, seeing this as a sign that, despite all Lu had done, Emperor Dezong was planning to eventually recall him, and he, alarmed, approached the chancellors Lu Han and Liu Congyi and requested that they advise Emperor Dezong against the promotion. Lu Han and Liu did not dare to, and they had another imperial attendant draft the edict instead. When the edict was set to be issued, Yuan held it and refused to issue it; he was joined in this by his colleagues Chen JIng (陳京) and Zhao Xu (趙需), drawing great anger from Emperor Dezong — but eventually, with the chancellor Li Mian also pointing out that promoting Lu Qi would disappoint the people, Emperor Dezong relented. Instead, Lu Qi was only made the secretary general of Li Prefecture (澧州, in modern Changde, Hunan). He eventually died there without ever returning to Chang'an, although the year of his death was not recorded in history. Emperor Dezong still missed Lu Qi, however, and eventually, he made Lu Qi's son Lu Yuanfu (盧元輔) an imperial official. Lu Yuanfu was effective as an imperial official, and it was said that he was not tainted by his father's ill reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="19945553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945553" title="Pentrepiod Halt railway station">
Pentrepiod Halt railway station

Pentrepiod Halt railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945559" title="Daniel B. Shapiro">
Daniel B. Shapiro

Daniel B. Shapiro (born 1969) is a diplomat and the 19th and current Ambassador of the United States of America to the State of Israel. He was nominated by President Obama on March 29, 2011, and confirmed by the Senate on May 29. He was sworn in as ambassador by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on July 8, 2011.
Previously, he was the senior director for the Middle East and North Africa on the United States National Security Council. Shapiro is active in the Washington Jewish community and speaks fluent Hebrew and some Arabic.
Family and education.
Shapiro was born in Champaign, Illinois, one of four children of novelist Elizabeth Klein Shapiro and University of Illinois English professor emeritus Michael Shapiro. He went to Westview Elementary and Edison Middle school in Champaign, and graduated from the University Laboratory High School of Urbana, Illinois in 1986. He first entered Washington University, spending his sophomore year in Israel, and then transferred to Brandeis University, where he obtained a bachelor's degree in 1991 in Near Eastern and Judaic Studies. Two years later he got a master's degree in Middle Eastern Politics from Harvard University.
Shapiro speaks both Hebrew and Arabic.
Shapiro is married to Julie Fisher. The couple has three children. They are members of the Conservative Jewish "Adas Israel Congregation" in Washington.
Career.
From 1993 to 1995 Shapiro served as a professional staff member on the House Foreign Affairs Committee under Chairman Lee H. Hamilton. From 1995 to 1999 he was a legislative assistant and senior foreign policy adviser to Senator Dianne Feinstein. From 1999 to 2001 he sat on the National Security Council under President Bill Clinton, as director of legislative affairs and as a Congressional liaison for National Security Adviser Sandy Berger. From 2001 to 2007 he was first legislative adviser and then deputy chief of staff (primarily on foreign policy issues) for U.S. Senator Bill Nelson. From 2007 till 2008 he was vice president of the Washington, D.C. lobbying firm Timmons & Company.
Shapiro has served as an advisor to Barack Obama on Middle East and Jewish community issues since 2007, also assisting as strategist and fundraiser. He accompanied Obama on his July 2008 trip to Israel; in August 2008, Obama appointed him senior policy adviser and Jewish Outreach coordinator for his 2008 presidential campaign.
In January 2009, Shapiro was appointed senior director for the Middle East and North Africa of the U.S. National Security Council. Focusing on Israel, he attended every Israel related meeting, and met with every senior Israeli diplomat and military officer who visited Washington. Shapiro often accompanied U.S. special envoy for Middle East Peace George J. Mitchell on his trips to the region, and played a central role in talks regarding the Middle East Peace Process and the strengthening of military cooperation between the U.S. and Israel. He has maintained close relations with Benyamin Netanyahu, in spite of tensions between the Israeli prime minister and President Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="19945582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945582" title="Sibi railway station">
Sibi railway station

Sibi railway station is located in middle of the Sibi, Balochistan, Pakistan. It is staffed and has a booking office. It was the junction of Sibi-Khost via Harnai railway line. It has been periodically closed since 2006 due to the destruction of railway bridges by Baloch freedom fighters. 
Train routes.
The routes are Sibi from linked with Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Peshawar, Quetta, Multan, Faisalabad, Hyderabad, Rohri, Sukkur, Bahawalpur, Gujrat, Jacobabad, Gujranwala, Khanewal, Nawabshah, Attock, Jhelum, and Nowshera.

</doc>
<doc id="19945593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945593" title="Wired (TV series)">
Wired (TV series)

Wired is a 2008 three-part television miniseries starring Jodie Whittaker, Laurence Fox and Toby Stephens. It debuted on ITV at 9:00pm on Monday 13 October 2008 and was shown over three consecutive Mondays.
Plot summary.
Single mother and bank employee Louise Evans finds herself blackmailed by a work colleague after documents reveal that she and a former partner stole £3,000 from a former employer. The boyfriend, Philip Manningham, plans to defraud £250m from ZBG Banking, the company from which he was sacked, and Louise agrees to help him pull off an Internet scam. Meanwhile, Detective Crawford Hill is working undercover in an attempt to expose the fraud ring and after a chance meeting with Louise, he realises she is involved and is key to him cracking the case. However, their relationship soon threatens to compromise everything and places Louise in mortal danger.

</doc>
<doc id="19945627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945627" title="Ewa Brodzka">
Ewa Brodzka

Ewa Brodzka is a Polish film maker, production manager, assistant director, second unit director, television director, and casting director. She has worked on many Polish feature films and television series. Notable is her working relationship as first assistant director and production manager with Academy Award winning director Andrzej Wajda.
She has worked on many international productions made in Poland including Roman Polanski's "The Pianist" and Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List".
She is married to film director Marek Brodzki.
Selected filmography.
Feature films:
Television:

</doc>
<doc id="19945654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945654" title="Kasatka-class submarine">
Kasatka-class submarine

The Kasatka class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy. The six boats were built between 1904 and 1905. They were designed by I.G. Bubnov and were based on the Delfin. The first boat Kasatka experienced significant problems with stability on trials and had to have extra flotation added. The boats were re-built around 1910 with diesel engines added (120 hp) and new conning towers replacing the older structure.
Ships.
All six boats were built by Baltic works St. Petersburg and launched in 1904

</doc>
<doc id="19945685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945685" title="1952–53 New York Knicks season">
1952–53 New York Knicks season

The 1952–53 New York Knicks season was the seventh season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). With a 47–23 record, the Knicks won the regular season Eastern Division title by a half-game over the Syracuse Nationals and made the NBA Playoffs for the seventh consecutive year.
In the first round of the 1953 NBA Playoffs, the Knicks swept the Baltimore Bullets 2–0 in a best-of-three series to advance to the Eastern Division Finals. There, New York defeated the Boston Celtics 3–1 to make the NBA Finals for the third straight year. In the Finals, the Knicks lost to the Minneapolis Lakers, four games to one.
NBA Draft.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(1) New York Knicks vs. (4) Baltimore Bullets: "Knicks win series 2–0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1949 Eastern Division Semifinals (New York won 2–1)
East Division Finals.
(1) New York Knicks vs. (3) Boston Celtics: "Knicks win series 3–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1952 Eastern Division Semifinals (New York won 2–1)
NBA Finals.
(W1) Minneapolis Lakers vs. (E1) New York Knicks: "Lakers win series 4–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1952 NBA Finals (Minneapolis won 4–3)

</doc>
<doc id="19945686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945686" title="Koza (disambiguation)">
Koza (disambiguation)

Koza is a type of Polish bagpipe.
Koza may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19945725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945725" title="Kootenay Ranges">
Kootenay Ranges

The Kootenay Ranges, also known as the Western Ranges, are one of the three main subdivisions of the Continental Ranges which comprise the southern half of the Canadian Rockies, the other two subdivisions being the Front Ranges and the Park Ranges (which is the largest of the groupings). The Kootenay Ranges lie between the Bull River (E) and the town of Golden, British Columbia (W) and south of Kicking Horse Pass, and are the location of the headwaters of the Kootenay River

</doc>
<doc id="19945741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945741" title="Gabriela Potorac">
Gabriela Potorac

Gabriela Potorac (born February 6, 1973) is a Romanian former artistic gymnast. Potorac was born in Bacău, Romania. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, she won three medals: she helped Romania win the team silver medal, she won the silver medal on vault with a score of 19.830, and she won a bronze on balance beam with a score of 19.837. At the 1989 World Championships in Stuttgart, Potorac won the bronze medal on balance beam with a score of 9.887.

</doc>
<doc id="19945747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945747" title="University of Kaposvár">
University of Kaposvár

The University of Kaposvár is a university in Hungary. It was established in 2000. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate education. The Health Sciences Center and the Feed Crops Research Institute in Iregszemcse are parts of the University.
Faculties.
Its four faculties are:

</doc>
<doc id="19945788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945788" title="Llangower railway station">
Llangower railway station

Llangower was a minor station opened by the GWR on the Ruabon to Barmouth line in 1929 on the southern shore of Bala Lake serving the hamlet of Llangower . There was no signal box or freight facility. Today, although not in its original location the station has been reopened by the Bala Lake Railway and is the main intermediate point on the line and the only place where trains can pass each other. It is well sited to provide access to the lakeside for walks, picnics and bird watching.
The station has a single platform, with the passing loop located to the east of the platform. When two trains are in service, they must use the station in turn, with the second train remaining in the loop until called forward after the first train has departed. The points and signals at the station are operated from a ground frame, housed in a ground frame shelter.
Llangower is a small hamlet, with a beautiful old church, 3 miles from Bala situated on the south-eastern side of Bala lake. It is on the (original) turnpike-road leading from Dinas-Mawddwy to Bala and Corwen.

</doc>
<doc id="19945805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945805" title="Mukhtar Sahota">
Mukhtar Sahota

Mukhtar Sahota is a British Music Composer, Producer popularly associated with the group Sahotas. Born into a musical family, Mukhtar plays multiple instruments, all of which are self-taught.
Mukhtar and his brothers decided to pursue a career in music, in the final years of school. They formed a band called the Sahotas, and made nine albums, coupled with tours around the world, and topped the ‘Bhangra’ charts. The Sahotas achieved many accolades including ‘Best Band’, ‘Best Live Band’, Platinum and Gold discs for album sales. Mukhtar wanted to take a different direction with his solo projects, as the band decided to take a long deserved break.
Mukhtar Sahota’s debut album "Time Out" was released in 2002. This album featured various artists from India, including the debut collaboration with Lehmber Hussainpuri. "4 The Muzik" was released in August 2004, an album that features some big names in the Asian music industry, alongside various up and coming artists from India. The first video from the album was for a track called "Jogi", which is a fusion of rock and bhangra music, this was followed by the video, "Rang Kala", both tracks went on to become huge hits.
After the major South Asian disasters in 2004 and 2005, Mukhtar produced and arranged the charity single, "We Can Make it Better" by Donasian. The funds raised from this single were for the victims of the tragedies. The concept of the single was inspired by the ‘Band Aid’ single, and sixteen Asian artists from around the world from different genres were united together from a list constructed by Mukhtar. This project allowed him to bring forth up-coming talent alongside established artists and was a great experience as a Music Producer working alongside A R Rahman who did the String Orchestration.
In 2006, Mukhtar decided to set up his own Record Company, Internalmusic, to allow him to have full control of his works, and to provide a platform for established, new, and up-coming talent. Mukhtar united with Arif Lohar of Pakistan for his first release under Internalmusic, and produced an album called, "21st Century Jugni", to re-introduce some classics of Alam Lohar, the Pakistani legend and hits from Arif Lohar. The album brought Arif Lohar to the sound of the 21st Century with the distinctive sound of Mukhtar Sahota. The album received an exceptional response from around the world and received awards for, ‘Best Folk Pop Album’, ‘Best Non Residential Punjabi Vocalist’, and ‘Best Folk Pop Vocalist’ at the Punjabi Music Awards in India in March 2007.
In May 2007, Mukhtar released "Unpredictable", an album featuring Lakhwinder Wadali and his father Puran Chand Wadali. The album featured an array of musical genres including ‘Arabic’, ‘Electronic Beats’ and a ‘Qawali’ - Charkha, culminating into an ‘innovative musical feast’. The album has been appreciated and applauded by musicians from around the world and has had a positive reception from all generations.
In 2009, Mukhtar was approached by "Meem Records" to produce 6 tracks for a Nasheed Album, for a French Pakistani vocalist, "Suhail Najmi". The album was titled "Illahi" and was released for Eid 2009.
Mukhtar Sahota recently worked with ‘A R Rahman’, Music Composer of ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ winner of Golden Globes, Bafta, Oscars and Grammys,’. Mukhtar worked together on various projects, most recently Bollywood film ‘Raavan’ (2010), and in 2009 Mukhtar composed the background score with A R Rahman for the Bollywood Film, ‘Blue’.
In July 2011, Mukhtar teamed up with "Harbhajan Shera", a vocalist from Punjab, India, and released an album called, 'Khazana', which was released worldwide. The album again featured various musical genres including, Rock, Arabic, Bhangra to more emotional and momentous tracks, an opulence of a musical experience. The album was launched with the video, 'Dukh Thor Dithe', a Rock fusion based track which has achieved a huge response worldwide.
Mukhtar has produced songs for a number of Bollywood films, including the films, "Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster", "Diary of a Butterfly", "Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster Returns", and most recently for the forthcoming Punjabi Film, "Heer and Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="19945810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945810" title="Club de Campo del Mediterráneo">
Club de Campo del Mediterráneo

Club de Campo del Mediterráneo is a country club located in Castellón, Spain. Opened in 1978, the Ramon Espinosa designed golf course is the venue for current European Tour event, the Castelló Masters Costa Azahar. The inaugural tournament, held in October 2008, was won by home favourite Sergio García, whose father is also the club professional.

</doc>
<doc id="19945829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945829" title="1951–52 New York Knicks season">
1951–52 New York Knicks season

The 1951–52 New York Knicks season was the sixth season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished third in the Eastern Division with a 37–29 record, and advanced to the NBA Playoffs for the sixth consecutive season.
In the first round of the Eastern Division playoffs, the Knicks defeated the Boston Celtics in a best-of-three series, two games to one, to move on to the Eastern Division Finals. New York won 3–1 in a best-of-five series with the Syracuse Nationals to reach its second straight NBA Finals. In the Finals, the Knicks lost to the Minneapolis Lakers in seven games.
NBA Draft.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(2) Boston Celtics vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 2–1"
East Division Finals.
(1) Syracuse Nationals vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 3–1"
NBA Finals.
(W2) Minneapolis Lakers vs. (E3) New York Knicks: "Lakers win series 4–3"

</doc>
<doc id="19945868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945868" title="Radical America">
Radical America

Radical America was a left wing political magazine in the United States established in 1967. The magazine was founded by Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle, activists in Students for a Democratic Society and served during its first few years of existence as an unofficial theoretical journal of that organization. During the 1970s and 1980s, the magazine changed to take on more of an academic Marxist flavor. With contributions from academics dwindling during the decade of the 1990s, the magazine was terminated in 1999.
Publication history.
Establishment.
"Radical America" was founded by members of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) in 1967. The initial editors were Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle in their graduate school days, operating in Madison, Wisconsin. In the first few years, it served as the "unofficial journal of SDS." Dan Georgakas wrote that its importance lay in that it "was on the scholarly cutting edge of a social movement that often has been accused of lacking intellectual substance.
Initially, subscriptions were sold at a discount rate to national SDS members. The Buhles relocated to the Boston, Massachusetts area, and brought the journal with them. By the time of the Boston move the journal was independent from the SDS.
Content.
The journal, published in Somerville, Massachusetts, focused on topical issues of concern to the left and society at large, such as women's liberation, working class radicalism and busing. Beginning in 1970, each issue had a dedicated focus upon one issue. Mainly, during the 1970s, the journal evolved in a direction concerned with New Left issues, rather than traditional, Old Left concern with strengthening ties with trade unions. It was particularly active in the 1970s, as authors related the experiences of feminist activists and autonous work-place activists.
Circulation.
According to the publication's published annual "Statement of Ownership, Management and Circulation" required by the Post Office Department, the average press run of "Radical America" for the twelve months ending in October 1982 was 4,100, with an average mail subscription of about 2,330. Bulk sales and sales through vendors accounted for another 1,270 copies, according to the 1982 report by editor John P. Demeter.
Demise.
By the 1980s the journal branched to addressing gay issues and rock music. During the late 1980s, article contributions dwindled as academics left the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19945871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945871" title="Osetr-class submarine">
Osetr-class submarine

The Osetr class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy during the Russo Japanese War. The boats were ordered in the 1904 emergency programme. The boats were designed by American Engineer Simon Lake and had wheels fitted for moving around on the sea bed as well as wet/dry chambers for divers. The Osetr was the former Protector sold by Lake to the Russians and re-assembeld in Russia. The diving depth was 16 fathoms.
Ships.
All ships were built by the Lake company at the Libau Arsenal (Latvia) and were launched in 1904

</doc>
<doc id="19945883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945883" title="Alex Macintosh">
Alex Macintosh

Alex Macintosh (18 November 1925 – 7 September 1997) was a BBC presenter and continuity announcer from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s. He was also the voice artist heard during the first British-broadcast advertisement, for Gibbs SR Toothpaste on ITV, 22 September 1955.
Career.
Macintosh was an ABC TV "in-vision" announcer from 1955 to 1961, which led to him becoming a presenter on other BBC programmes.
In addition to BBC work, Macintosh's voice was heard on the very first advert for Gibbs SR Toothpaste, that was shown at 8.12pm on the opening night of ITV on 22 September 1955. 
In 1961, he presented the London area news magazine "Town and Around", and was a "relief" news reader in March 1961. Macintosh also took many supporting roles in a variety of TV programmes, often as a TV reporter, interviewer or newsreader, in which guise he appeared in episodes of "R3" (1965), "The Troubleshooters" (1969) and "Doctor Who" ("Day of the Daleks") (1972).
Later life.
After a considerable stint with the BBC, Macintosh worked for an Australian TV company in Sydney, before retiring to Norfolk where he pursued an interest in portrait painting.

</doc>
<doc id="19945885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945885" title="Rafał Augustyn (composer)">
Rafał Augustyn (composer)

Rafał Augustyn (born August 28, 1951 in Wrocław, Poland) is a composer of classical music, and a pianist, music critic, writer and scholar of Polish philology. As a composer he has written symphonies, chamber orchestra works, vocal and electronic music, as well as music for theatre. Since the mid-1990s, Augustyn has collaborated with visual artists, architects and photographers on numerous multimedia art works.
Education and career.
Augustyn studied composition under Ryszard Bukowski at the State Higher School of Music in Wrocław between 1971–74, and between 1975-77 at the State Higher School of Music in Katowice, where he studied under Henryk Górecki. In 1979, Augustyn began to teach at the Institute of Polish Philology at Wrocław University and has remained there since. His works have had numerous performances at the Warsaw Autumn Festival, as well as at other Polish festivals, and across Europe, North America and the Far East. As a music writer and critic he has written for such journals and periodicals as "Ruch Muzyczny" and "Odra".
As a music critic, he has also published reviews in music and literary press as well as appearing on the Polish Radio and Television. In 1984-94, together with Marek Pijarowski, he was director of the "Musica Polonica Nova" Festival of Polish Contemporary Music in Wrocław. In 1980-98 he was a member of the Repertoire Committee of the "Warsaw Autumn" International Festival of Contemporary Music. He was co-founder of the "Brevis" Music Publishers.
Style.
Along with Andrzej Krzanowski and Eugeniusz Knapik, Augustyn is sometimes included as a member of the so-called "Silesian School"; that is, a group of composers who studied under Górecki in Katowice, Silesia, and are noted for their break with the current dominant postmodernist approach to classical music in Poland.
One of his major pieces, his "Symphony of Hymns", took 20 years to complete, typically lasts for 100 minutes and requires an orchestra of over 170 players. It was described in 2004 by the music critic Tim Rutherford-Johnson as,

</doc>
<doc id="19945894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945894" title="Rosyjska Ruletka">
Rosyjska Ruletka

Rosyjska Ruletka (English translation: "Russian Roulette") was a Polish game show based on the original American format of "Russian Roulette". The show was hosted by Krzysztof Ibisz (earlier by actor Henryk Talar). The main goal of the game was to win 100,000 zlotys. "Rosyjska Ruletka" was broadcast from 2002 to 2004. It was shown on the Polish TV station Polsat.

</doc>
<doc id="19945910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945910" title="Austria–Saudi Arabia relations">
Austria–Saudi Arabia relations

Austria – Saudi Arabia relations are foreign relations between Austria and Saudi Arabia. Both countries had diplomatic contact since 7 July 1880, with the opening of an Austrian consulate in Jeddah (then under Ottoman occupation). Official and direct diplomatic relations were established on 10 September 1957.
Today, Austria has an embassy in Riyadh and Saudi Arabia has an embassy in Vienna. 
In October 2001, the President of Austria Thomas Klestil paid a state visit to Saudi Arabia.
In April 2004, then Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia paid a state visit to Austria.
In March 2006, the President of Austria Heinz Fischer paid a state visit to Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="19945930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945930" title="Ilyushin Il-22">
Ilyushin Il-22

"For the 1970s Airborne Command Post aircraft of the same designation, see Ilyushin Il-18"
The Ilyushin Il-22, USAF/DOD designation Type 10, was the first Soviet jet-engined bomber to fly. It used four Lyulka TR-1 turbojets carried on short horizontal pylons ahead and below the wing. The engines did not meet their designed thrust ratings and their fuel consumption was higher than planned. These problems meant that the aircraft could not reach its required performance and it was cancelled on 22 September 1947.
Design and development.
The Council of Ministers ordered the Ilyushin design bureau on 12 February 1946 to begin work on a bomber that would use four of the new TR-1 jet engines. Experiences with the first generation of jet fighters had revealed unsuspected problems involved with high-speed flight and Ilyushin devoted a lot of effort to mitigate them. The long, thin unswept wing was conventional in appearance, but it was shaped to improve lateral stability at high angles of attack and to prevent the onset of tip stall.
Another problem discovered by the jet fighters was unexpectedly dropping a wing at high speeds and high altitudes. This was traced to manufacturing defects in the wings that made no difference at low speeds and altitudes, but meant that each wing had a slightly different airfoil and hence, a different amount of lift. To counter this Sergey Ilyushin and his team developed a new manufacturing technique that reversed the traditional practice where the internal supporting members were affixed to the assembly jig and the aircraft's skin panels were then attached. This new method meant that the skin panels were placed in the jigs where the correct curvature and shape could be guaranteed and the internal structure was then fastened to them. This required that manufacturing joints be used along the chord lines of the wings and tail surfaces, which split the spars and ribs in half. Similarly the fuselage built the same way, although it was split vertically along the centerline. This new technique did impose a small weight penalty, but had the unexpected advantage of greatly accelerating the assembly process as the internal equipment could be installed before the halves were joined together. This allowed several teams to work on a single sub-assembly before they were mated.
Most of the other multi-engined jet aircraft in existence when the Il-22 was being designed either had the engines in a nacelle (singly or in pairs) directly attached to the underside of wing or were buried in the wing itself. Clustering them in a nacelle offered several advantages over individual nacelles as it reduced overall drag and minimized interference drag, but had the major operational disadvantage that an uncontained fire in one engine could disable its neighbors as well and the early jet engines were not paragons of reliability so this was a significant risk. Ilyushin chose to put the TR-1 engines ahead and below the wing leading edge on short horizontal pylons. This gave them the beneficial effect of acting as anti-flutter weights and proved to be more efficient aerodynamically than underwing nacelles. This also facilitated engine changes and maintenance by making them more accessible to the ground crews.
Neither the thin wing nor the engine nacelles offered any place to store the main landing gear so the fuselage was designed as a flattened oval to give them as wide a track as possible. This also provided plenty of room for the of fuel stored in three bags, one each ahead, above and behind the bomb bay. This could carry up to of bombs. The fuselage nose was largely glazed and came to a point, much like the noses of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, Heinkel He 111 and Arado Ar 234, to reduce drag. The Il-22 had a crew of five, two pilots in the nose, the bombardier-navigator in front of them in the tip of the nose, the dorsal gunner/radio operator immediately behind the pilots and the rear turret gunner behind the tail.
A Nudelman-Suranov NS-23 autocannon with 150 rounds was fixed on the lower starboard side of the nose; it was fired by the pilot who had a primitive ring sight to use for aiming. The dorsal turret mounted two Berezin B-20E guns with 400 rounds per gun and was capable of almost 360° of traverse; special microswitches prevented the gunner from firing into the bomber's tail. The turret was remotely controlled by the radio operator and was powered by electric motors for both traverse and elevation. The gunner and his gunsight, used a small observation blister at the rear of the main crew compartment to lay the guns on their target. The sight automatically compensated for parallax between the gunner and the turret as well as the required amount of target lead and the shell's ballistics. The remote-control system offered several advantages including a smaller turret that had less drag, the guns could be fixed more rigidly to their mounts, the sight was not exposed to vibrations from firing and could track targets more smoothly and the gunner's comfort did not have to be sacrificed to optimize the performance of the turret. The major disadvantage, of course, was that the remote control system was exceedingly complicated for the period and prone to breaking down. The rear gunner was placed at the very tail of the Il-22 to optimize his field of fire in an electro-hydraulically powered Il-KU3 turret that mounted another NS-23 cannon. The turret could traverse a total of 140°, elevate 35° and depress 30°.
Testing and evaluation.
The prototype Il-22 was rapidly assembled and made its first flight on 24 July 1947. It proved to have docile handling characteristics, but was severely underpowered as the TR-1 engines only produced 80% of the required thrust. During the latter part of the manufacturer's flight tests the Il-22 made the first ever Soviet jet-assisted takeoff on 7 February 1948 with a pair of SR-2 boosters. As the thrust of the engines could not be increased in a timely manner Ilyushin made the decision not to submit the bomber for State acceptance trials as its performance did not meet the requirements laid down for it in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19945931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945931" title="Cyclone Rashmi">
Cyclone Rashmi

Cyclone Rashmi (IMD designation: BOB 05, JTWC designation: 04B, also known as Cyclonic Storm Rashmi) was the seventh tropical cyclone of the 2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season and second cyclonic storm, as well as the fifth tropical cyclone in the Bay of Bengal that year. A fairly weak tropical cyclone, it caused some notable damage in Bangladesh and India.
An area of low pressure formed within the Bay of Bengal on October 24. It was designated as Depression BOB 05 the next day by the India Meteorological Department. The depression was declared a deep depression early on October 26, whilst the Joint Typhoon Warning Center designated the depression as Cyclone 04B later that day with wind speeds equivalent to a tropical storm. Later that day, the IMD upgraded the deep depression into a cyclonic storm and named it as Rashmi. Rashmi then reached both its peak one- and three-minute sustained wind speeds, as it made landfall on the Bangladesh coast late on October 26. Early the next day the JTWC issued its final advisory on Rashmi as the IMD downgraded Rashmi to a deep depression. Later that day the IMD, having noted that Rashmi had weakened rapidly, downgraded the deep depression to a well marked area of low pressure and released their final advisory.
The name Rashmi was submitted by Sri Lanka, to the World Meteorological Organisation's Tropical Cyclone Committee. Rashmi (pronounced Rush-mee) is a Sinhalese word, which means "ray of light".
Meteorological history.
On October 24, 2008, an area of low pressure formed in the North Indian Ocean, within the central Bay of Bengal. Later that day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, designated it as a Tropical Disturbance and assessed its chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone within the next 24 hours as fair. The next day as the India Meteorological Department reported that the disturbance had intensified into a depression and assigned the number BOB 05 to the depression. The JTWC then upgraded the depression's chances of forming into a significant cyclone to Good and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the depression. 
Early on October 26 the IMD upgraded the depression to a deep depression, with wind speeds of 30 knots (35 mph, 55 km/h). At the same time the JTWC designated the depression as Cyclone 04B. Later that day the IMD reported that the Deep Depression had intensified into a Cyclonic Storm with it being named as Rashmi. During that evening the IMD reported that Rashmi had reached its peak 3 minute wind speeds of 40 knots, whilst the JTWC also reported that Rashmi had reached its peak 1 minute wind speeds of 45 knots. 
Early the next day the IMD reported that Rashmi had made landfall on the Bangladesh coast, near Barisal. As a result of making landfall Rashmi started to weaken rapidly by becoming a Deep Depression, early that morning before being downgraded to a well marked area of low pressure, later during the morning.
Preparations and impact.
India.
Five people were killed as incessant rains accompanied by winds hit the state of Meghalaya, India. The cyclone's incessant rainfall accompanied by gusty winds had caused flash floods in three districts of Assam - Kamrup, Sonitput and inundated vast tracts of land besides rendering people homeless. The flash floods occurred as neighbouring Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh released excess waters from their reservoirs due to increased water levels caused by incessant rains for the last two days by cyclone Rashmi 
Bangladesh.
The Disaster Management Information Centre in Bangladesh issued cyclone warnings for various ports in Bangladesh including the Port of Mongla. As a result of these cyclone warnings, harbour activities were suspended for two days.
15 people were killed and thousands of homes were also damaged. Rashmi brought down electrical and telephone poles and uprooted trees; large areas of acres of crops were also destroyed. At least 50 fishermen were reported missing when about 15 fishing trawlers capsized offshore.

</doc>
<doc id="19945953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945953" title="Ferreira Louis Marius">
Ferreira Louis Marius

Ferreira Louis Marius Amorim de Moraes, (born March 13, 1953, in Santos, São Paulo, Brazil) is a modern Brazilian painter and supporter of naïve art. He began his artistic career in 1979 and currently lives and works in Peruíbe, São Paulo, Brazil.
Life and career.
The works of Ferreira depict the images of paradise of Atlantic Forest, its birds, its fountains and its natives. His work looks forward to show the truth revealed every day in this region, more precisely at The Juréia-Itatins Ecological Station. Since young, in addition to painting, also attracted interest in music, influenced by the grandfather who was a conductor and pianist. His mother was also pianist and encouraged him to be interested in art.
Ferreira, who lived part of his childhood with the grandparents, played with the leftovers of canvases and paints which his grandmother, who was painting on porcelain and created small works of painting, offered him. When a teenager, lived with his parents in São Vicente - coast of São Paulo - and liked to attend a town of fishermen in the region, called Guamium. Spent much of the time in this community, and with the fishermen, many of them caiçaras, learned to make pirogas, entanglement, canoes and kept learning his fishing techniques, eventually becoming a professional fisherman.
While pleased with such activities and earned a living this way, Ferreira has never stopped drawing. Scribbled and painted scenes from daily life, of landscapes of the seashore, of bars, boats and ports, using what was at hand, coal, crayons, colored pencil or ink leftovers from painting the boats.
Later, when the fishing became impossible because of environmental degradation, started to work at the port of Santos, and it was there that he realized that the tourists were interested in his painting style, and then started to paint and sell small canvases with acrylic ink. The beginning was difficult, but still, he realized it could improve, expand his horizons and live of the sale of his artwork.
Between 1989 and 1990, had already sold his works in the Republic Square in São Paulo, the traditional art fair in that city. In the 1990s began to exhibit his work in the gallery Jacques Ardie in São Paulo. The recognition was immediate. He sold all work in his 1st exhibition individual and started to export to France and the United States. His work began to have great international accaptance and, since that, has made worldwide exhibitions and his canvases figure museums and private collections in several countries.
Ferreira puts in the canvases his experience, which his work reveals to be very personal and internalized. He interprets the reality in which he worked and the universe where he lives, with extreme visual sincerity. His style is marked with bright colors, a lot of imagination and the power of synthesis. This brings to his wok lots of acceptance in the USA and in France, also in Israel, Canada, Spain, Switzerland, Mexico, and Japan. Ferreira develops a naïve line based on intuition, which rose up naturally and stays in constant technical improvement, with current interest in the Dutch masters.
Above all, Ferreira's art has an aesthetic concern. It doesn't surrender to individual preferences of the observer, but looks for the best way to express his inner world through a professional attitude concerning the arts. This means an intense and serious action against accommodation. The ways of maturation of his personal style include a visionary attitude. Ferreira has never quit researching, about topics as well as technique, in order to unite the power of intuition with an aesthetical research about Jureia's universe. The painter is not limited to repeating formulas, evem if they appear to work.
One of the fascinations of being an autodidact is precisely in the power of not following any certain school. His production becomes more and more sophisticated by the commitment of making better works, developing variations according to his own capacity of working elements like color and composition.
The fidelity to individualism of own ideas and the commitment to construct an increasingly cohesive plastic work, without losing the lyricism and a distinguished poetic, ensure Ferreira's position as an authenticly naïve artist. The compositions with mountains, forests and rivers or inlets establish a plastic balance, in terms of formal elements and, above all, philosophical, since Ferreira's canvases don't transmit disquiet. They are a manifestation of serenity in the troubled universe of the 21st century.
To gallerist Munira Calluf, owner of "Um Lugar ao Sol" Gallery of Arts, Ferreira is maybe today's most outstanding naïve name in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19945964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945964" title="Jan Werle">
Jan Werle

Jan Werle (born 15 January 1984 in Warnsveld, Gelderland) is a Dutch chess player with the title Grandmaster.
Junior success.
He learned the moves at the age of five, after watching his father play with a friend. Rapid progress brought him much junior success across the various age groups of both national and regional championships. There were medal-winning performances at the European Youth Chess Championships at Kallithea in 2000 and 2001, where respectively, he took bronze in the Under-16 and silver in the Under-18.
Further chess activity.
Werle continued to develop quickly over the next few years, by combining a structured coaching regime with frequent tournament practice. He became an International Master in 2001 and a grandmaster five years later.
Asked about his chess style, he comments that he regards himself primarily as a positional player, but one that can cope well with tactical complications. His fighting spirit has also been a strength, but his opening play was for many years a weakness. Recently, he has worked with Dutch number one Ivan Sokolov to improve the opening phase of his game and with club-mate Sergei Tiviakov, has analyzed some of the games of the old masters, such as Botvinnik, Smyslov and Petrosian. He laments the passing of a time when such creative geniuses could fashion themselves an original playing style; regrettably, the advent of the computer era has, above all else, placed a strong focus on precise analysis. 
His tournament record is so far impressive; runner-up at Groningen 2005 and at the Corus 'C' Group (Wijk aan Zee) 2006, winner of the Essent Open 2006 and winner at Lodi in 2007. At Liverpool in 2008, he made only a last minute decision to enter the EU Individual Open Chess Championship and surprised everyone by winning the event, ahead of many of Europe's leading players, including Michael Adams, Nigel Short, Étienne Bacrot and Maxime Vachier-Lagrave.
Team events.
In the German Bundesliga, he plays for "SG Aljechin Solingen", alongside compatriots Daniel Stellwagen, Jan Smeets and Sipke Ernst.
He also plays league chess in the Netherlands and speaks highly of his experiences in England, where he has represented the "Bristol" team in the 4NCL.
Although he is yet to play for the national team in formal competition, he has been a regular participant of the Howard Staunton Memorial Tournament in London (which occasionally doubles as an informal "England vs Netherlands" match).
Other interests.
Werle has studied law at Groningen University while continuing to improve his chess. He admits that he finds the mental rigours of two such analytical and memory-intensive disciplines extremely demanding and can see the benefits of combining academic study with a more physical sport. His favourite sporting pastimes are football, tennis and rowing.
Regarding the future, his aspirations as a professional chess player are quite modest and he thinks it more likely that his long-term future will be as a practitioner of civil law.

</doc>
<doc id="19945967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945967" title="This Is Now">
This Is Now

This Is Now is the third studio album by "Australian Idol" finalist and Australian singer-songwriter Cosima De Vito. It was released nearly 3 years after her debut, "Cosima", and like "Cosima" was released independently, although unlike her debut, this album did not chart on the ARIA Albums Chart. The first single from the album, "Keep It Natural" charted at number 112 on the ARIA Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19945992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19945992" title="Hugh Acland">
Hugh Acland

Hugh Acland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946002" title="1950–51 New York Knicks season">
1950–51 New York Knicks season

The 1950–51 New York Knicks season was the fifth season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks finished in third place in the Eastern Division, and their 36–30 record gave them a berth in the NBA Playoffs for the fifth consecutive year.
New York faced the Boston Celtics in the first round of the Eastern Division playoffs, and won the best-of-three series 2–0 to advance to the division finals. In that series, the Knicks defeated the Syracuse Nationals 3–2 in a best-of-five series, earning the franchise's first trip to the NBA Finals. The Rochester Royals faced the Knicks in the Finals, and won the first three games of the best-of-seven series. New York won the next three games to even up the series, but Rochester won the seventh game by a score of 79–75.
NBA Draft.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(2) Boston Celtics vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 2–0"
East Division Finals.
(3) New York Knicks vs. (4) Syracuse Nationals: "Knicks win series 3–2"
NBA Finals.
(W2) Rochester Royals vs. (E3) New York Knicks: "Royals win series 4–3"

</doc>
<doc id="19946015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946015" title="Re Agriplant Services Ltd">
Re Agriplant Services Ltd

Re Agriplant Services Ltd 2 BCLC 598 is a UK insolvency law case, concerning voidable preferences under s 239 of the Insolvency Act 1986. It is an example of what will be considered an unlawful and voidable preference when a company is close to insolvency.
Facts.
Agriplant leased some equipment from Closed Asset Finance Ltd (CAF) for its agricultural and earth moving business. It owed £20,000 to CAF, and the debt was guaranteed by Agriplant's majority shareholder, Mr George Sagar. An accountant advised no payments should be made to any creditors, but when Agriplant got more money on one of its contracts, it paid off CAF. It went into liquidation shortly after. One of the liquidators was the accountant. The liquidators sought an order that Mr Sagar or CAF should repay the £20,000 sum. Mr Sagar argued he had no desire to put himself or CAF in a better position before liquidation began.
Judgment.
Jonathan Parker J ordered repayment by Closed Asset Finance Ltd of the £20,000. It was indisputable that the payment to CAF improved CAF's position and Mr Sagar's position (because he was going to be liable under the guarantee). It was therefore a voidable preference under the Insolvency Act 1986, s.239(4). Mr Sagar had his own liability in mind, so he wanted to reduce Agriplant's debt and his own personal liability.

</doc>
<doc id="19946020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946020" title="Daniel Bek-Pirumian">
Daniel Bek-Pirumian

Daniel Bek-Pirumyan (; 22 November 1861 – 1921) was a famed Armenian military commander and national hero. He was the top commander of the Battle of Sardarabad.
Daniel Bek-Pirumyan was born in 1861 in Nakhichevanik village of the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire. He graduated from the public school in Shusha and started his military service in 1881 in Yerevan. In 1890, Pirumyan was promoted to the military rank of captain and in 1913, he became a colonel. During World War I, he fought in the Caucasus Front as a colonel in the Tsarist army. During this period, he was also the commander of the 3rd Battalion, 153rd Infantry Regiment in Western Armenia. In Erzurum, he captured the Turkish fort of Dalangez and then fought off the Turkish army trying to reclaim it. Of the 1,400 Russian and Armenian officers and soldiers defending the fort, 1,100 were killed and the survivors were injured. Nevertheless, eight assaults were repulsed by the fort and Dalangez was not given to the enemy.
On 26 May 1918, he participated in the Battle of Sardarabad as a commander-in-chief. His cousin, Poghos Bek-Pirumyan also participated in the battle as the commander of the 5th Karabakh Regiment.
After the establishment of the Soviet Union, he was arrested and executed by the Bolsheviks in Karakilisa in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19946022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946022" title="Tapiola swimming pool">
Tapiola swimming pool

The Tapiola swimming pool is a swimming pool centre in the district of Tapiola in Espoo, Finland. The centre was designed by Aarne Ervi and built in 1965. The building was renovated by Arkkitehdit NRT, and the renovation was completed in the 2000s. The renovation included an extension of the centre's premises, including steam saunas, jacuzzis, and a gym. In 2008, the centre was awarded the European Union Europa Nostra award for successful renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="19946027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946027" title="Storm Catchers">
Storm Catchers

Storm Catchers by Tim Bowler is a book is filled with mystery, drama, and adventure, based on a kidnap in the middle of a storm. It was first published in 2001.
Fin is devastated when his sister is kidnapped. Poor Ella, snatched away from their isolated family home in the middle of a raging storm. Fin will never forgive himself for leaving her on her own. Still, at least they'll get her back when they've paid the money.
But the kidnapper has more than just money on his mind. And as his plans unfold, Fin and his family are forced to confront their deepest, darkest secrets.
Plot Summary.
A storm is breaking, and it's going to change everything...
"She was simply crying. Crying as the rain drove into her face, crying as the gate opened before her. Crying as he took her away."
Tap.Tap.Tap. Fin has gone to check out Billy's new computer, and leaves his brother and sister, Sam and Ella, at home. Little does he know that something devastating is about to take place. In the middle of this coastal storm, Ella has been stolen away by a mysterious kidnapper at night. The Parnell family is shocked-and is being torn apart by Ella's kidnapping. The kidnapper is showing no sign of relenting, giving any information on Ella's state, and saying what he really wants. Until one day, he reveals his plans, and tells the Parnell family what he wants with Ella. On the other hand, Sam has been frequently running towards the old Pengrig lighthouse to catch the Storm. Sam has been talking to himself. When asked, he simply replies, "It's a secret." As time goes on, the Parnell family is forced to unravel their past, full of their deepest, darkest secrets. Maybe getting Ella back wasn't as easy as they thought.

</doc>
<doc id="19946028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946028" title="Austria–Colombia relations">
Austria–Colombia relations

Austria – Colombia relations are foreign relations between Austria and Colombia. Diplomatic relations were established in 1920, but Austrian honorary consulates already existed in Bogotá and Barranquilla since about 1870. Austria operated an embassy in Bogotá till August 2012, since then affairs are handled by the Swiss embassy. However five honorary consulates remain in operation in Barranquilla, Cali, Cartagena, Medellín and San Andrés. Colombia has an embassy in Vienna.
In February–March 1980, Austrian Ambassador Edgar Selzer was held hostage in the Dominican embassy siege in Bogotá.
Bilateral agreements.
The two countries have one agreements in force from over 25 years ago and one understanding of protocol:
Economic links.
The Austrian Federal Economic Chamber has a marketing office in Bogotá, subordinate to the Austrian Trade Commission in Caracas, Venezuela. In 2003, bilateral trade between Austria and Colombia totaled US$24.44 million.
Cultural ties.
The famous botanist and physician Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin (1727–1817) conducted research trips to the region between 1755 and 1759, which took him to the Atlantic coast of Colombia. Karl Brunner (1887–1960) is considered the founding father of modern urban planning in Bogotá, where he served in the 1930s. Gerardo Reichel-Dolmatoff (1912–1994) was one of the founding fathers of cultural anthropology and ethnology in Colombia. The architect Fritz Blodek (1905–2001) designed more than 150 buildings for housing and industrial use, especially in Medellín. The bookseller and journalist Hans Ungar (1916–2004) created a Central Library with the axis of the intellectual and cultural life of Bogotá.

</doc>
<doc id="19946033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946033" title="Henry Bathurst">
Henry Bathurst

Henry Bathurst may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946052" title="Henry Bellows">
Henry Bellows

Henry Bellows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946064" title="Timeline of DOS operating systems">
Timeline of DOS operating systems

This article presents a timeline of events in the history of x86 DOS operating systems from 1973 to 2012. Other DOS operating systems are generally not part of the scope of this timeline.
DOS releases have been in the forms of:

</doc>
<doc id="19946073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946073" title="Haanpää">
Haanpää

Haanpää may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946080" title="HMS Regulus">
HMS Regulus

Four vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Regulus", after the star:

</doc>
<doc id="19946081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946081" title="St Michael and St Mary Magdalene's Church, Easthampstead">
St Michael and St Mary Magdalene's Church, Easthampstead

The Church of St Michael and St Mary Magdalene, is the Parish Church of Easthampstead, Berkshire. The parish of Easthampstead is one of the largest parishes in the Church of England. The ethos of the parish is one of traditional worship allied to a liberal theology and inclusive approach to both social issues and theology. The church supports a large and growing congregation with activities and study groups for all ages.
History.
God has been worshipped on the site of the church for well over 1000 years. By tradition, St Birinus, the first Christian missionary to the area, baptised in the spring just west of the present Church. According to legend, it was here that Cynegils, king of the West Saxons, first accepted Christianity in AD 635. Its prominent position on a hill, coupled with the dedication to St. Michael, one of the four archangels, and destroyer of the Devil, suggests that it might have been a place of pre-Christian worship. 
The church was originally at the centre of a small ancient village, situated at the eastern gate to Windsor Forest, but is now part of the new town of Bracknell.
There are some beautiful nineteenth stained glass windows by William Morris and four superb windows by Sir Edward Burne-Jones, including the great east window featuring the building's patron saint at the Last Judgment (from the Book of Daniel). This is probably the artist's best work in glass to be seen anywhere.
On 9th June 2013, a new stained glass window in the porch, by the artist Thomas Denny, was unveiled by John Nike OBE DL. The window depicts Cynegils King of Wessex’s baptism, witnessed by King Oswald of Northumbria and two of the daughters of Cynegils. The baptism established Christianity in the Thames Valley and may have taken place at Easthampstead in 635. The window marks the 60th anniversary of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
There are memorials to the Trumbull and Downshire families, to the poet, Elijah Fenton, and to the polar explorer Frederick George Jackson
In January 2009, major repair works to the roof were started, to deal with problems of dry rot, and damage from Death-watch beetle larvae. During this time, the congregation moved to the Roman Catholic church of St Margaret Clitherow in Bracknell.
Churchyard and wildlife.
In recognition of the wildlife interest, the churchyard was entered into the Living Churchyards and Cemeteries Project in 2002 and received an Award in 2004. Work undertaken as part of the entry into the project has included monitoring wildlife, erecting bat and bird boxes and planting wildflowers
Despite its busy urban setting, the churchyard maintains an atmosphere of calm and its grassland is a haven for wildlife. Over a hundred plant species are found here, including many traditionally found in churchyards, for example Germander speedwell (Angel’s eyes), Snowdrops (Eve’s tears) and Greater stitchwort (Easter bell). 
The tombstones support a mosaic of brightly coloured lichens and mosses. Insects use the crevices present in many of the stones for shelter, and the Stag beetle, an increasingly threatened insect which is listed on the Borough’s Biodiversity Action Plan, has been spotted here.
The oldest living organism in the churchyard is the veteran yew tree near the south gate. Its girth exceeds 13 feet and in February its male cones release drifts of pollen into the wind.
Phone mast.
During the early 2000s, phone companies applied to erect a phone mast in the Easthampstead area. After surveying was carried out, a report concluded that there was no suitable land on which to build a normal mast. Opposition to the visual impact came from local residents, who also cited health concerns over its proximity to a local school. The mast was erected but not in the conventional sense: the antennae have been placed on the four faces of the bell tower and have been disguised to look like architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19946089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946089" title="Som-class submarine">
Som-class submarine

The Som class were a series of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy in 1904-1907. They were designed by the Electric Boat Company and ordered in the 1904 emergency programme at the time of the Russo-Japanese War. The boats were designed to be transportable by train. The first boat, "Som", was the former "Fulton" delivered to Russia in sections and re-assembled in St. Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19946107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946107" title="Part of Me (Chris Cornell song)">
Part of Me (Chris Cornell song)

Part of Me is a song by American singer-songwriter Chris Cornell, from his third solo studio album, "Scream". Part of Me is the first official single for Canada and Europe (and second official single overall) and was released as a digital download on October 12, 2008 in Canada and Germany. There is no indication of a release in the US. The non-explicit version of the song was previewed on Virgin Radio 999, where listeners were encouraged to enter a poll of the audience's reaction to the song. The Album version of the song was leaked on the 12th November, where the outro is the seamless integration into the next song "Time", on the "album orientated" Scream. California DJ Steve Aoki also made a remix of the song which can be downloaded for free in MP3 off his record label's official website, while his remix also appears on the official "Part of Me (Remix EP)" digital release.
Background.
This song refers to a fictional (or otherwise) incidence in lusting after a girl (and a possible 'fling'): "I want the girl but I want a lot, Might cross my mind but that's where it stops." 
Cornell explains to an established lover that "But I swear it never meant a thing, she was just a fling."
Music video.
A music video for this song has been made for Canadian, UK and Ireland release. However, the video is available in other European countries.
Timbaland makes a cameo in the video. The video also features cameo appearances from heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko and Wu-Tang Clan rapper Method Man.

</doc>
<doc id="19946121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946121" title="Bryn Hynod Halt railway station">
Bryn Hynod Halt railway station

Bryn Hynod railway station was a railway halt on the Bala Lake Railway. Trains stopped here by request.
Bryn Hynod offers shaded woodland nooks that are ideal for picnics and is often used for launching sailboards and small boats. There is off road parking by the lakeside for those using the area's facilities, and the halt provided an opportunity to use the railway from this location.
However, few passengers made use of the halt, and it was removed from the timetable in 2011. Bryn Hynod platform was demolished in February 2012, and the station name removed. There is no remaining part of the station at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19946122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946122" title="Tiyara">
Tiyara

Tiyara (तियरा) is a village located in the south east corner of Azamgarh district under Lalganj tehsil.
Education.
The children of this village do not have many options to choose from. The only school that provides education till class 5 is Tiyara Vidyamandir
Colleges : Higher education is available in close by towns.
Markande Baba ka Mandir (Shiv Temple).
This small village has an ancient Temple of Lord Shiva, the protector and destroyer of Universe. The temple has been the center of worship for people of this village. Villagers have deep faith in the power of this temple of the Creator.
Jay Ho Markande Baba!!Bhole Nath ka Prachin Mandir Tiyara me hai kitana purana koi nahi janata.
Jai Jai Jai Bhole Baba!!
"(No one knows how old is the temple of Lord Shiva)"
Every year on the auspicious occasion of Maha Shivaratri a very big fair is organised by the people of the district. This fair sees around 5000 people from surrounding villages.
Any one wants to more, place your message here
Political system.
The village has Gram panchayat
Ex Gram Pradhan.
Shri Raj Narayan Singh
External links.
Find Tiyara on map :

</doc>
<doc id="19946129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946129" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 3)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 3)

The four teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner (France) qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: Henri Guérin

Head coach: Ragnar Larsen

Head coach: Ljubomir Lovrić (first match); Aleksandar Tirnanić (second to sixth match)

Head coach: Robert Heinz

</doc>
<doc id="19946134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946134" title="Keep It Natural (song)">
Keep It Natural (song)

"Keep It Natural" is the first single taken from Australian singer Cosima De Vito's second studio album "This Is Now". It reached the top thirty in the ARIA Club Charts and reached #4 on the AIR Independent Charts, and even charted on the ARIA Singles Chart, at #112.

</doc>
<doc id="19946137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946137" title="Commodity trading in China">
Commodity trading in China

Commodity trading in China has a short but high-growth history. With an increasing product variety and deepening liquidity pools, the mainland's futures market is playing an increasingly important role in serving the national economy.
At present, the commodity markets in China are still in a development stage, with only a few exchanges in China trading in a small group of commodities. In the next few years, the Chinese government will gradually allow more commodities products to be traded in China along with various related derivatives.
Size.
Tony of the nation's three commodity futures exchanges totaled 40.97 trillion yuan in 2007, up 95% from the year before. The aggregate trading volume of these exchanges amounted to 728.46 million hands in 2007, up 62% over the previous year. More than half of the transactions took place on the Dalian bourse, while turnover on the Shanghai bourse amounted to 23 trillion yuan, accounting for half of the total.
The boom of large trading market across the country has contributed to the increased flow of vegetables and fruit from south to north and west to east and promoted the country's commercialization of agricultural products.
Development.
The demand for commodity futures as hedging tools has been on the rise as the Chinese economy continues to advance at a brisk pace. The country is now one of the largest producers and consumers of a wide range of commodities, including oil, steel, copper, corn, wheat and soybean. To diversify their product ranges, the nation's three commodity futures exchanges are doing research to introduce new contracts.
For example, the Shanghai bourse plans to launch new contracts on nickel, silver and steel futures in the coming years. The Zhengzhou bourse is preparing to launch early long-grain non-glutinous rice futures, while the Dalian bourse is preparing to introduce hog futures to protect hog breeders from being exposed to sharp price swings.
As a major producer and consumer of commodities, China has large potential for developing its futures market. China's commodity futures markets have expanded product ranges and deepened liquidity pools to cater to the increasingly diverse needs of the nation's rapidly growing economy.
With increasing volatility in global commodity markets and prices, companies have been expanding their agricultural product, precious/base metal, fuel oil and other commodity-related investments in China.
Exchanges.
There are three commodity exchanges in China after the merger of 50 exchanges into 14 in 1995 and subsequently into three in 1999.
The China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX [http://www.cffex.com.cn/]), the country's first financial futures exchange, was inaugurated in October 2006. The long-awaited CSI300, the first mainland stock index futures, will be traded on this bourse, which is working to the launch.

</doc>
<doc id="19946149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946149" title="Hiatt">
Hiatt

Hiatt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946155" title="Balthasar Woll">
Balthasar Woll

Balthasar "Bobby" Woll was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS who was also awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. He was born in Wemmetsweiler on 1 March 1922, (died 18 March 1996).
After an apprenticeship as an electrician, he reported on 15 August 1941 as a volunteer for the Waffen SS.
He was posted as a machine gunner to the 3rd Company, 1st SS Totenkopf Infantry Regiment.
He was wounded during the fighting at the Demyansk Pocket and sent to hospital in Germany. 
While recovering from his wounds he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class and the Wound Badge in black, in July 1942.
After his recovery he retrained as a tank gunner and at the end of 1942 posted to the 13th Heavy Tank Company, SS Panzer Regiment 1, 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler where he met his tank commander Michael Wittmann.
By the time of Operation Citadel they were one of the best tank crews in the Division, and in September 1943 was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class, having destroyed 80 tanks and 107 anti tank guns.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in January 1944 the 1st and only tank gunner to receive the award and in October 1944 promoted to Oberscharführer.
When Wittmann was killed in Normandy in 1944, Woll was severely wounded and in a field hospital, but survived the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19946156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946156" title="Harry Payne (rugby union)">
Harry Payne (rugby union)

Harry Thomas Payne (10 December 1907 – 22 December 2000) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Swansea and was capped for Wales on one occasion. A hard forward player Payne was described as 'tough-as-teak' and was still playing for veteran teams at the age of 84.
Rugby career.
Payne was born in Llangyfelach and at the age of 14 had left school to join his father in the coal industry, tending the pit ponies. Payne initially had a trial for local soccer team Swansea A.F.C. but switched sports to rugby union playing for both Mynyddbach and Morriston before joining first class side Swansea in 1931. On 28 September 1935, Payne was chosen to play for the Swansea team to face the touring New Zealand team. When Swansea beat the All Blacks, they became the first club team to do so and also the first team to beat all three major Southern Hemisphere teams.
Later in 1935, Payne was selected to face the same touring New Zealand team for Wales along with team mates Don Tarr, Haydn Tanner and Claude Davey. This was Payne's one and only cap for his country, but it was a memorable game for Wales as they won 13-12, with fourteen men for the last ten minutes after Tarr was stretchered off with a broken neck. Although being selected as a reserve player on several occasions, Payne never played for Wales again.
During the 1938/39 season Payne was chosen to captain Swansea, but with the outbreak of war, Payne joined the Royal Marines. While in the marines he played rugby for both the marines and the Royal Navy and played in two wartime international for Wales against England. He saw action as a soldier in North Africa, Sicily and Italy, and was awarded six battle medals. On returning to Wales during peacetime he returned to working in the mines.
His later career included playing for veteran teams; and in 1989 at the age of 82, he turned out for a match against Bordeaux. His rugby career was finally halted after he broke his ankle while playing for Swansea Veterans RFC, in a match in Holland in 1992.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19946162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946162" title="R v Grantham">
R v Grantham

R v Grantham QB 675 is a UK insolvency law case which decides that an intent to defraud, now under the Insolvency Act 1986 section 213, needs to be established for a conviction for fraudulent trading, and knowing that there was no prospect of being able to pay debt when they fell due, even if there might be a distant prospect in the future constituted an intent to defraud.
Facts.
Mr Grantham was tried for fraudulent trading, contrary to the Companies Act 1948 section 332(3) (now Insolvency Act 1986 section 213). The jury were directed that they could find dishonesty and intent to defraud if they thought Mr Grantham obtained credit when he knew there was no good reason for thinking that his company would be able to repay the debt when it became due.
Mr Grantham was convicted. He appealed that the jury was given the wrong direction.
Judgment.
Lord Lane LCJ, Boreham J and Stuart-Smith J dismissed Mr Grantham's appeal. They held there was no error in the direction. Applying the House of Lords case "Welham v DPP" AC 103, under section 332 (now section 213, IA 1986) an intent to defraud was established on proof of intention to dishonestly prejudice creditors in being repaid.
Significance.
In a previous case from 1960, "Re White & Osmond (Parkstone) Ltd" Buckley J held that 'there is nothing to say that directors who genuinely believe that the clouds will roll away and the sunshine of prosperity will shine upon them again and disperse the fog of their depression are not entitled to incur credit to help them get over the bad time.' But this approach, allowing directors to keep incurring losses when they knew a company was unable to meet debts was disapproved by "R v Grantham". If a director knew there was no short term prospect of repaying debts, it was irrelevant that he thought there may some hypothetical day be "blue skies" ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="19946174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946174" title="Schoyen Collection">
Schoyen Collection

The Schøyen Collection is the largest private manuscript collection in the world, mostly located in Oslo and London. Formed in the 20th century by Martin Schøyen, it comprises manuscripts of global provenance, spanning 5,000 years of history. It contains more than 13,000 manuscript items; the oldest book is about 5,300 years old. There are manuscripts from 134 different countries and territories, representing 120 distinct languages. 
The variety of manuscripts—geographic, linguistic, textual and material—even more than its size makes the Schøyen Collection unique. The collection has a website with many items illustrated and described. The provenance the various cuneiform materials held by the Schøyen Collection remains subject to controversy.
Notable manuscripts.
Among the most notable manuscripts of the collection are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19946214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946214" title="County of Upper Tyrone">
County of Upper Tyrone

The County of Upper Tyrone, was a historic county of Ireland located in the northwest of the country. It was merged with Nether Tyrone to form County Tyrone.

</doc>
<doc id="19946215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946215" title="An Ruadh-stac">
An Ruadh-stac

An Ruadh-stac is a Scottish mountain situated in the Wester Ross region of the Highland council area. It is located 26 km north east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
Overview.
An Ruadh-stac reaches a height of 892 metres (2926 feet) making it the 30th highest Corbett, it also qualifies as a Marilyn. It is a distinguished looking mountain which is prominent in views because of its light grey coloured quartzite rocks, it stands in the ancient Coulin hunting forest, an area of rough mountainous country between Glen Carron and Glen Torridon. The mountain is situated four km from the nearest public road but there are good stalkers paths within the deer forest which aid access to the foot of the mountain. An Ruadh-stac is closely associated with the adjoining Munro of Maol Cheann-dearg with which it is often climbed.
The mountains Gaelic name translates as the Red Stack or Red Conical Hill, this is slightly confusing and misleading as it is invariably seen as a light grey hill due to its quartzite rocks. Hamish Brown comments on the name thus: “An Ruadh-stac is a grey hill, sometimes touched white by the sun but never red like its ruddy, bald headed neighbour (Maol Cheann-dearg).”
Geography.
An Ruadh-stac has the classic triangular mountain shape formed by three steep ridges, the NE ridge is the least steep and the one usually used for ascent and descent by walkers. This ridge drops to the 600 metre high Bealach a’ Choire Ghairbh which links the mountain to Maol Cheann-dearg which stands two km to the north across Coire an Ruidh Staic. The south ridge leads over the subsidiary top of Ruadh Stach Beag (758 metres) before descending towards Glen Carron over rough, boggy ground. The north and west side of the mountain are ringed by steep crags making the NW ridge out of bounds for walkers. 
The mountains finest geographical feature is the north face a precipitous rock wall which shows off the mountains layered geology when viewed from a distance. These crags rise over 400 metres from the shore of Loch Coire an Ruaidh-staic and have received the attention of rock climbers with Tom Patey and Chris Bonington pioneering a 180 metre long route in 1960.
The lower slopes on the SE side of the mountain are composed of ice polished slabs dotted with long flowing mounds of debris, this is fluted moraine, deposited from a glacier, the mounds are less than four metres in height but up to 400 metres in length. The mountains visual attraction is further added to by the presence of four small lochs around its NE flanks, they are all on different levels. One of these lochs, Loch a’ Mhadaidh Ruadh, is rated as one of the most beautiful in the Scottish Highlands, it is located on the Bealach a’ Choire Ghairbh and is enclosed by walls of quartzite rock, giving it an almost artificial look. All drainage from the mountain makes the short journey to the west coast of Scotland, either going directly west to Upper Loch Torridon or SE to Glen Carron and then Loch Carron.
Ascents and view.
The summit of An Ruadh-stac is a long way from any road but the closest starting point is on the A890 road at Coulags in Glen Carron at grid reference . This route follows the footpath north up the valley of the Fionn-abhainn before crossing the river and going west and climbing up to the Bealach a’ Choire Ghairbh. From the bealach it is a tough 340 metre climb up rough slopes of scree and slabby rock to the summit. It is possible to climb the mountain by a longer route from Glen Torridon starting from Annat at .
The summit is littered with quartzite boulders with the highest point marked by a cairn of rocks and gives a view which includes the Skye Cuillin to the SW, Upper Loch Torridon appears next to Beinn Damh to the NW while the Torridon hills are further round to the north. By exploring the summit plateau further it is possible to look 1000 feet down the cliffs of the north face to Loch Coire an Ruaidh-staic.

</doc>
<doc id="19946227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946227" title="1975–76 Pittsburgh Penguins season">
1975–76 Pittsburgh Penguins season

The 1975–76 Pittsburgh Penguins season was their ninth in the National Hockey League. They finished third in the Norris Division, as they had in 1974–75. Despite strong seasons by Pierre Larouche, who set new club records in goals scored in a season (53) and points in a season (111), Jean Pronovost and Syl Apps, Jr. (who set a new club record for assists in a season with 67) the Penguins powerful offense scored a meagre three goals in three games against the Toronto Maple Leafs in the preliminary round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, ending their season.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP= Games played; TOI= Time on ice (minutes); W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1975–76 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19946230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946230" title="County of Nether Tyrone">
County of Nether Tyrone

The County of Nether Tyrone, was a historic county of Ireland located in the northwest of the country. It was merged with Upper Tyrone to form County Tyrone.

</doc>
<doc id="19946234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946234" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2005">
Miss Universe Nederland 2005

The Miss Universe Nederland 2005 pageant was held on March 24, 2005. This year only 22 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2005 . The winner of best national costume, the costume will be use in Miss Universe 2005.
Results.
Top 10

</doc>
<doc id="19946238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946238" title="Kalabak">
Kalabak

Kalabak (Halabak) is a mountain belonging to the Šar Mountains, located in Albania and Kosovo. Kalabak's height is above sea level and is located near the southern tip of Kosovo. Kalabak and its surroundings are treeless so it is an ideal places for shepherds to raise their sheep and the Šarplaninac as the protector.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19946240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946240" title="Moose (Perl)">
Moose (Perl)

Moose is an extension of the object system of the Perl programming language. It brings modern object-oriented language features to Perl 5, making object-oriented Perl programming more consistent and less tedious.
Features.
Moose is built on top of Class::MOP, a metaobject protocol (aka MOP). Using the MOP, Moose provides complete introspection for all Moose-using classes.
Classes.
Moose allows a programmer to create classes:
Attributes.
An attribute is a property of the class that defines it.
Roles.
Roles in Moose are based on traits. They perform a similar task as mixins, but are composed horizontally rather than inherited. They are also somewhat like interfaces, but unlike interfaces they can provide a default implementation. Roles can be applied to individual instances as well as Classes.
Extensions.
There are a number of Moose extension modules on CPAN. there are 855 modules in 266 distributions in the MooseX namespace. Most of them can be optionally installed with the Task::Moose module.
Examples.
This is an example of a class codice_1 and its subclass codice_2:
There is a new codice_3 method in the codice_2 class so the method of the same name defined in the codice_1 class is not invoked in the case of codice_2 instances. The codice_7 method on the other hand is not replaced but extended in the subclass, so both methods are run in the correct order.
This is the same using the codice_8 extension:

</doc>
<doc id="19946248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946248" title="Backyard Basketball 2007">
Backyard Basketball 2007

Backyard Basketball 2007 is a sports game released late 2006. This is the fifth iteration of the Backyard Basketball game from the Backyard Sports series. The cover athlete of the game is Paul Pierce of the Boston Celtics.

</doc>
<doc id="19946249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946249" title="5th Flying Training Squadron">
5th Flying Training Squadron

The 5th Flying Training Squadron (5 FTS) is part of the 71st Flying Training Wing based at Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It operates T-1 Jayhawk aircraft conducting flight training.
History.
World War II.
Established as an Army Air Corps fighter squadron in January 1941; assigned to the Northeast Air District with P-40s and P-39s as part of the defense buildup prior to the United States entry into World War II.
Was deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO), assigned to VIII Fighter Command in August 1942. It's P-39 Aircobras were deemed unsuitable for the environment for escort duty; was re-equipped with Supermarine Spitfires and was trained by the Royal Air Force. Flew some escort missions with VIII Bomber Command B-17 Flying Fortresses and B-24 Liberators during the fall of 1942.
Was sent to North Africa in late 1942 as part of the Operation Torch invasion forces, taking up station in Algeria. Was reassigned to Twelfth Air Force and flew both fighter escort missions for the B-17 Flying Fortresses operating from Algeria as well as tactical interdiction strikes on enemy targets of opportunity in Algeria and Tunisia during the North African Campaign.
Following the German defeat and withdrawal from North Africa the squadron participated in the Allied Invasion of Sicily and Invasion of Italy and subsequent drive of the United States Fifth Army up the Italian Peninsula. Engaged primarily in tactical operations after November 1943, supporting ground forces and attacking enemy targets of opportunity such as railroads, road convoys, bridges, strafing enemy airfields and other targets. Was deployed to Corsica in 1944 to attack enemy targets in support of Free French forces in the liberation of the island and to support Allied Forces in the invasion of Southern France. Continued offensive operations until the German Capitulation in May 1945. Returned to the United States and was demobilized during the summer and fall 1945 and inactivated.
Air Defense Command.
Reactivated in 1946 as a United States Air Forces in Europe fighter squadron; was primarily an occupation unit at Schweinfurt and Bad Kissingen Airfields. Reassigned from USAFE to Air Defense Command in June 1947, equipped with F-61 Black Widows and assigned to Mitchell Field, New York to perform air defense of the eastern United States.
In June 1948 the unit transitioned into F-82 Twin Mustangs. In the fall of 1949 the unit moved to McGuire AFB, New Jersey. In August 1955 the 5th FIS designation was transferred to Suffolk County AFB, New York. In the spring of 1957 the unit transitioned into F-102A Delta Daggers.
In February 1960 the 5th FIS moved to Minot AFB, North Dakota and transitioned into the F-106 Delta Dart. In late 1962 the 5th FIS acquired two live lynx kittens ("Spitten" and "Kitten") as mascots, with the assistance of the "Minot Daily News", after a farmer had killed their mother. In the mid-1980s the 5th FIS converted to the F-15 Eagles. The F-15s only flew over Minot until the spring of 1988, when the 5th FIS was inactivated. The lynx den in the squadron was one of the few places where Canadian Lynx had bred in captivity in the U.S., prompting both the St. Louis and San Diego Zoos to copy it in an attempt to get their own lynx inhabitants to produce offspring. Several generations of lynx flourished there, and after the unit was inactivated, Delta and Dart, twin kitten descendants of the original two Lynx kitten mascots were donated to the Roosevelt Park Zoo in Minot.
As an Air Defense Command unit, the squadron's motto was "Isti Non Penetrabunt", literally "they shall not penetrate", but colloquially to crews as "The Bastards Shall Not Pass".
Modern era.
Reactivated in 1990 as an Air Training Command (later AETC) Undergraduate Pilot Training squadron at Vance AFB. The squadron had trained pilots and pilot instructors from, February 1990 – December 1991 and since 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19946277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946277" title="Daphney Hlomuka">
Daphney Hlomuka

Daphney Hlomuka (1949 – 1 October 2008) was a South African television, film, radio and stage actress. On the small screen, Hlomuka was perhaps best known to audiences for her role as MaMhlongo in the television drama series, "Hlala Kwabafileyo", and as Sis May in the comedy, "S’gudi S’naysi", opposite Joe Mafela.
Hlomuka was born in Durban, South Africa, but raised in KwaMashu during the Apartheid era. She began acting in the theater in Durban in 1968, and was considered to be a protege of the Durban-based playwright, Welcome Msomi. Her earliest theater credits included performances in two of Msomi's theatrical productions: "Qombeni" and "Umabatha", which was a Zulu adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Macbeth". "Umabatha" became one of Msomu's most famous works. Hlomuka worked in Zulu-language radio plays in the interim between "Qombeni" and "Umabatha".
She left South Africa briefly during the 1970s to tour with the cast of "Ipi Tombi" in Europe. During the 1960s and 1970s, roles on screen or stage for black actors in South Africa were often difficult to find due to Apartheid. Hlomuka often appeared off-screen as a radio actor in several popular Zulu drama series.
Hlomuka finally had success on South African television during the 1980s when she was cast in the role of MaMhlongo in the dramatic television series, "Hlala Kwabafileyo". Her character, MaMhlongo, was the wife and widow of a wealthy tycoon. To this day in South Africa, the word "MaMgobhozi", which originated from the series and Hlomuka's character, describes the gossip habits attributed to women.
She also appeared in the 1980s television comedy, S’gudi S’naysi, opposite well known actor, Joe Mafela. Mafela portrayed the tenant, S’dumo. Hlomuka's character, Sis May, was S'dumo's well intentioned, tolerant landlady. The series was popular during its run.
Hlomuka's film and television credits spanned the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s (decade). She appeared in the 1995 film, "Soweto Green" as a maid and housekeeper named Tryphina, opposite actor John Kani. She also starred as Queen Ntombazi in the 1986 South African television miniseries, Shaka Zulu. She also appeared in the 1996 syndicated television series, "".
Her most recent roles included "Rhythm City", as well as a controversial Nguni language adaptation of the Shakespearean romantic tragedy, "Romeo and Juliet".
Daphney Hlomuka died of kidney cancer at Charlotte Maxeke Hospital in Johannesburg on 1 October 2008, at the age of 59. She was survived by her husband, Elliot Ngubane, and their four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19946301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946301" title="Pretty">
Pretty

Pretty may refer to beauty. 
Pretty may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946302" title="Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (Filippo Maria Alfonso Antonio Ferdinando Francesco di Paola Lodovico Enrico Alberto Taddeo Francesco Saverio Uberto; 10 December 1885 – 9 March 1949) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Family.
Prince Philip was the tenth child of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Maria Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Philip married firstly to Princess Marie Louise of Orléans, eldest daughter and child of Prince Emmanuel d'Orléans, Duke of Vendôme and his wife Princess Henriette of Belgium, on 12 January 1916 in Neuilly-sur-Seine. The couple had one child before their divorce in 1925:
Philip married secondly to Odette Labori on 10 January 1927 in Paris. Philip and Odette did not have children.

</doc>
<doc id="19946327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946327" title="Kaiman-class submarine">
Kaiman-class submarine

The Kaiman class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy before World War I. They were designed by Simon Lake and built by the Crichton Yard in Saint Petersburg. The boats had numerous defects resulting in a legal battle between Lake and the Russian Government. The boats were impounded in 1910 and rebuilding work took place to remedy some of the defects. The boats finally commissioned in 1911 and served in the Baltic Fleet.
Ships.
All four ships were built by Crichton Yard, St. Petersburg, served in the Baltic Fleet and were scuttled in Reval in February 1918 to prevent capture by the Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="19946339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946339" title="Tomatine">
Tomatine

Tomatine is a toxic glycoalkaloid found in the stems and leaves of tomato plants, which has fungicidal properties. Chemically pure tomatine is a white crystalline solid at standard temperature and pressure. Some microbes produce an enzyme called tomatinase which can degrade tomatine, rendering it ineffective as an antimicrobial.
Uses.
Tomatine has been used as a reagent in analytical chemistry for precipitating cholesterol from solution. Also, tomatine is known to be an immune adjuvant in connection with certain protein antigens.

</doc>
<doc id="19946346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946346" title="T. M. Nair">
T. M. Nair

Taravath Madhavan Nair (January 15, 1868 – July 17, 1919) was an Indian politician and political activist of the Self-Respect Movement from the Madras Presidency. He founded the Justice Party along with Theagaroya Chetty and C. Natesa Mudaliar.
Early life.
Nair was born near Tirur on January 15, 1868 in the Taravath family of Palghat, Madras Presidency. His father Chingicham Veetil Sankaran Nair was a District Munsiff in the Judicial service at Tirur. Madhavan Nair's elder brother Sankaran Nair studied law and served as Deputy Collector while his sister Taravath Ammalu Ammal was a Sanskrit and Malayalam scholar who wrote a book in Malayalam on the lives of the 63 Nayanmars.
Nair did his schooling at Government High School, Palghat. He was known for his academic proficiency and he passed his matriculation exam one year in advance. He did his graduation from Presidency College, Madras and joined Madras Medical College. However, he did not complete his course in medicine. Instead, he discontinued his course and moved to Edinburgh. He graduated in M.B., Ch.B. at Edinburgh and obtained his M. D. in 1896, with Sanskrit as the compulsory classical subject. He researched in E. N. T. diseases at Paris and returned to India in 1897. During his stay in the United Kingdom, he was a member of the Edinburgh Student's Representative Council, Secretary and later, President of the Edinburgh Indian Association, member of the Edinburgh University Liberal Association and University Union and one of the editors of Edinburgh University Liberal's magazine "The Student". Prior to his return to India, Nair spent some time in London where he served as Secretary and later Vice-President of London Indian Society which was led by Dadabhai Naoroji. He also served as a member of the British Medical Association, the Royal Asiatic Society, the National Liberal Club and the Royal Society.
Public offices.
Nair represented Triplicane in the Madras Corporation from 1904 to 1916. During his term, he frequently attacked the Corporation and its President Mr. Molony over the quality of water supplied. In 1910, he agitated for the revival of the Palghat Municipal Council.
In 1908, Nair was appointed member of the Labor Commission by the Government of India. He submitted a report condemning the situation of workers in factories and recommended the reduction of hours of work. He personally submitted his condemnation and recommendations before the Secretary of State for India at London.
In 1912, Dr. Nair was elected to the Madras Legislative Council. When the First World War broke out, Dr. Nair served as one of the surgeons in the hospital ship, S. S. Madras and was commissioned as a Lieutenant. At the end of the War, he was awarded the Kaiser-i-Hind medal and the War Service medal posthumously.
In the Indian National Congress.
Nair was associated with the Indian National Congress right from the time of his return to India in 1897. In the Congress sessions in 1898 and 1899, he strongly condemned the present status of Indian officers in the Medical services and campaigned for equal treatment to be meted out to them. He presided over the District Congress at Chittoor, North Arcot in 1907.
Formation of the South Indian Liberal Federation.
When Dr. Nair lost the elections to the Imperial Legislature of India held in 1916, he blamed caste-based prejudices in the Indian National Congress for his loss. Nair felt that the Brahmins Tamil Brahmins were dominating the Indian National Congress. He protested the Home Rule Movement launched by Annie Besant.
In 1917, Dr. Nair left the Indian National Congress. At a meeting on August 1917, Dr. T. M. Nair spoke:
In October 1917, Dr. T. M. Nair launched the South Indian Liberal Federation, also known as the Justice Party in collaboration with Sir Pitti Theagaroya Chetty.
Editorship of the "Justice".
In November 1916, a meeting was held at Madras in which Sir P. Theagaroya Chetty and Dr. T. M. Nair participated. The meeting brought out a resolution mandating the establishment of a newspaper for voicing the aspirations of non-Brahmins.
Accordingly, from February 26, 1917 onwards, the "Justice" began to be published. Dr. Nair was the Chief Editor until his death in 1919. In his newspaper, Dr. Nair attacked his opponents in the Indian National Movement and supporters of the Home Rule Movement. Once when the Indian National Congress carried out agitations in Ernad Tirur and Valluvanad, he prophesized that "the Congress was smoking in a gunpowder magazine". His words proved to be true when the Moplah Rebellion broke out in the region in the year 1921.
Mission to England and death.
In 1918-19, despite warnings from fellow doctors not to travel abroad considering that his health was deteriorating, he led a mission to England to speak in support of communal representations before a Joint Parliamentary Committee. He remains one of the few Indians to have addressed a meeting of the members of the British Parliament. However, he was prohibited from speaking to the public on the orders of Edwin Samuel Montagu, the Secretary of State for India. Dr. Nair died on July 17, 1919 at the age of fifty-one due to heart seizure following diabetic gangrene and Bright's disease. His body was brought to India and cremated at Golders Green.
Inclination.
Nair always wore Western clothes and followed Western manners and customs. Due to this reason, he was frequently criticized as an Anglophile. However, at the same time, he displayed his love for his mother tongue Malayalam by speaking and writing in chaste Malayalam.
Commemoration.
In 2008, the Government of India released a postage stamp in his honor. Dr. Nair Road, an arterial road running through T. Nagar, Chennai is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19946390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946390" title="Joe Bonson">
Joe Bonson

Joseph "Joe" Bonson (19 June 1936–1991) was an English professional footballer who played for several clubs during the 1950s and 1960s.
Career.
Bonson started his career at Wolverhampton Wanderers, working his way through their youth ranks including playing in the , losing to Manchester United. He graduated to the first team and made his debut on 1 January 1957 in a 3–2 win at , the first of 11 consecutive starts during which he scored 6 goals. However, due to a wealth of striking talent at the club, he was deemed surplus to requirements and sold to Cardiff City for £7,000 at the end of the season.
He joined the Bluebirds as a replacement for Johnny Nicholls, who had left the club to join Exeter City and made a goalscoring debut for the club in a 1–1 draw with Ipswich Town in November 1957. He finished the season with 12 goals in a total of 25 appearances. 
During his time at Cardiff he formed two formidable strike partnerships with two Wales internationals, first with Ron Hewitt and then with Derek Tapscott, after he joined the club from Arsenal. Bonsons's most prolific year came in the 1958-59 season when he scored 18 times for the club. At the end of the season he was transferred to Scunthorpe United in exchange for Peter Donnelly.
Bonson went on to spend the rest of his career playing in the lower leagues of English football with spells at Doncaster Rovers, Newport County, Brentford and Lincoln City.
He died in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19946403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946403" title="Killed My Parents and Hit the Road">
Killed My Parents and Hit the Road

The Twilight Sad Killed My Parents and Hit the Road is a limited edition compilation album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad, released by Fat Cat Records on 8 December 2008. The compilation is composed of live tracks, covers and previously unreleased material, and was made to "help fund their tour with Mogwai" in late 2008. The compilation was limited to 1,000 copies only, and were only made available at live shows, in independent record shops, and at Fat Cat's official website. The CD will not be repressed, but it was made available digitally shortly thereafter. 
The album artwork and name are homages to the 1990 Sonic Youth album "Goo". According to vocalist James Graham, the "Goo" pastiche was the idea of guitarist Andy MacFarlane. Graham commented, "Twilight Sad were playing in America with Mogwai [...] and Thurston Moore to the gig. So we were thinking 'fuck' and hoping he didn't see the merchandise table. They haven't sued us though. Yet."
The first six tracks were recorded at the ABC in Glasgow on 9 October 2008. "Untitled #28" and "Untitled #27" were later featured on the band's second studio album, "Forget the Night Ahead", as "The Neighbours Can't Breathe" and "The Room," respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19946440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946440" title="Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium">
Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium

Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium is an association football stadium in Al-Ram, West Bank. It is the home stadium of the Palestine national football team. It is named for Faisal Husseini, a Palestinian politician who died in 2001. The stadium seats 12,500.
Palestine International Matches.
On October 26, 2008 the team played Jordan in their first-ever home international in 10 years of FIFA membership. In attendance were FIFA President Sepp Blatter and Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad. On October 29, 2009, the Palestinian national women’s football team played its first home international match against Jordan before a capacity crowd at the stadium.
On March 9, 2011, Palestine "played its first ever competitive match at home in the West Bank". It was the second leg of a qualifier for the 2012 Olympic Games, against Thailand. Thailand had won the first leg 1-0 in Bangkok; Palestine won the second 1-0 at the stadium, with a goal by Abdul Hamid Abuhabib in the 43rd minute. The draw on aggregate led to a penalty shootout, with Thailand winning 6-5. Attending the match was Prime Minister Fayyad, who described it as a "historic day".
On July 3, 2011, the stadium hosted "the first World Cup game ever to be played at home in the Palestinian territories". The game was the second leg of a two-match encounter against Afghanistan, in the first round of the Asian Football Confederation qualifiers for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. The game was a draw, enabling Palestine to advance to the second round on aggregate. Afghanistan were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19946443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946443" title="Hibbs">
Hibbs

Hibbs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946455" title="Re Augustus Barnett &amp; Son Ltd">
Re Augustus Barnett &amp; Son Ltd

Re Augustus Barnett & Son Ltd BCLC 170 is a UK insolvency law case on the standard of fault required to show that directors have been guilty of fraudulent trading.
Facts.
Augustus Barnett & Sons Ltd (Barnett) was a subsidiary of Rumasa SA and the main retail UK retail store for wine and sherry export. Barnett had a deficiency of assets, and its auditors would not certify accounts on a going concern basis, unless Rumasa confirmed it would keep supporting the company. Rumasa did, saying with a 'letter of comfort' on June 1, 1982 that it would provide additional woking capital. It had given £4m in subsidies by 1981. 
Rumasa was nationalised by the Spanish government on February 23, 1983. Barnett's asset deficiency was now £4.5m. Auditors and lawyers advised that the directors of Barnett were at risk of personal liability for fraudulent trading (now s.213 IA 1986; then s.332 Companies Act 1948) unless more money could pay off the debts. On September 2, 1983, Barnett went into voluntary liquidation. The liquidators applied for a declaration that Rumasa was a knowing party to fraudulent trading. Rumasa opposed and argued there was no reasonable cause of action, because it was never alleged that Barnett directors were dishonest or had any intention to defraud.
Judgment.
Hoffmann J agreed with Rumasa's strike out application. The Companies Act 1948, s.332 said that in winding up if it appeared that,
Hoffmann J held that because this section required a finding of someone carrying on a company "with intent to defraud", it was only when that requirement was fulfilled that knowing parties could be similarly liable. The state of mind of the outsider was irrelevant. There could be an action in the tort of deceit, but not s.332. Because there was no allegation of fraud on Barnett directors, the parent could be no accessory.
In an "obiter dicta", Hoffmann J also looked at one of the liquidator's arguments. This was that the Rumasa's letter of comfort, for financial support over the years, should make the parent liable for Barnett's debts. He said the state of law was inadequate on this subject, and it was a question of considerable public importance. But in these interlocutory proceedings, it was not a good opportunity for a wider investigation. In any case the language of s.332 was plain.

</doc>
<doc id="19946475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946475" title="Russian Narval-class submarine">
Russian Narval-class submarine

The "Narval" class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy. They were designed by the Electric Boat Company and ordered in the 1911 programme as the "Holland 31A" design. The Narval class had advanced features including watertight bulkheads, a crash diving tank and gravitationally filled ballast tanks which did not feature in contemporary Russian-designed boats. The boats were well regarded by the Russian Navy and served in the Black Sea Fleet during World War I, during which they sank 8 merchant ships and 74 coastal vessels.
In 1918 the submarines were subsumed into the Ukrainian State Navy.
Ships.
Three submarines were built by Nikolayev Dockyard.
"Kit" was raised by EPRON in 1934, but the hulls of the other two boats remain on the bottom in the place they were scuttled.

</doc>
<doc id="19946479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946479" title="Royal Academy of Italy">
Royal Academy of Italy

The Royal Academy of Italy () was an organization of Italian academians, intellectuals, and cultural figures created on 7 January 1926 by the Fascist government of the Kingdom of Italy by a royal decree, and effectively dissolved in 1943. 
The declared purpose of the academy was "to promote and coordinate Italian intellectual activity in the sciences, the humanities, and the arts, to preserve the integrity of the national spirit, according to the genius and tradition of the race, and to encourage their diffusion : an excerpt of the discourse of Benito Mussolini during the debate in the Italian Parliament following the decree of foundation of the academy is reported by , and reads exactly as follows: "[l’Istituto (...) dovrà perciò avere un suo compito affatto diverso da quello delle altre Accademie esistenti nel Regno (...) quali sono affidati generalmente compiti particolari o locali, l’Accademia d’Italia dovrà essere un centro vivo della cultura nazionale, che alimenti e promuova il movimento intellettuale, secondo il genio e la tradizione della nostra gente, e ne diffonda l’efficacia oltre i confini della Patria (...) L’Accademia potrà inoltre dare saggio ed utile ausilio al Governo nello studio e nella risoluzione dei più gravi problemi relativi alla cultura nazionale".</ref>
Structure and history.
The Academy was modelled upon the prestigious French Academy. The Academy selected sixty Italians chosen for their scientific, literary, and artistic achievements. Those sixty members were divided into four groups of fifteen, representing the physical sciences, moral sciences (including history), arts, and letters (literature). 
Politically the Academy served to unify and strengthen the Fascist regime's hold on intellectual activity in Italy, as the Academy demanded that all its members swear loyalty to Fascism and Italy. The Academy was effective at drawing in the intellectual and cultural elites, and was mostly effective at rewarding real talent rather than just loyalty to the regime. It absorbed other independent institutions, notably the prestigious and venerable scientific Accademia dei Lincei in 1939. 
The members were well paid, earning 3,000 lire per month at a time when average per capita income in Italy was 3,079 per year. The members were automatically granted first class travel on Italy's national railroads and were entitled to were uniforms designed for the members and to be addressed as ""Your Excellency"". Each were allowed to compete for the four annual Mussolini prizes which were awarded to Academy members who demonstrated outstanding work in their respective fields. The Academy sponsored lectures, meetings, research, and publications. In 1934, the Academy appointed a commission to create a dictionary of the Italian language in which all Italianized foreign words were to be removed.
After the collapse of the Fascist regime in 1943 and the installation of the puppet Fascist regime in the Italian Social Republic, a new version of the Academy was briefly reopened until the remnant Fascist state was defeated in 1945.
The heir to the Royal Academy of Italy is the Angelica-Constantiniana Academy of Arts and Sciences, established in 1949.
Notable members.
The Academy's presidents included: 
The following figures were among the first members named by Mussolini in 1929: Antonio Beltramelli, Pietro Bonfante, Filippo Bottazzi, Armando Brasini, Pietro Canonica, Francesco Coppola, Giotto Dainelli, Salvatore Di Giacomo, Enrico Fermi, Carlo Formichi, Umberto Giordano, Alessandro Luzio, Antonio Mancini, Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, Pietro Mascagni, Francesco Orestano, Alfredo Panzini, Nicola Parravano, Marcello Piacentini, Luigi Pirandello, Pietro Romualdo Pirotta, Ettore Romagnoli, Romano Romanelli, Giulio Aristide Sartorio, Francesco Severi, Bonaldo Stringher, Alfredo Trombetti, Giancarlo Vallauri, Gioacchino Volpe, and Adolfo Wildt.

</doc>
<doc id="19946484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946484" title="Callout">
Callout

In publishing, a call-out or callout is a short string of text connected by a line, arrow, or similar graphic to a feature of an illustration or technical drawing, and giving information about that feature. The term is also used to describe a short piece of text set in larger type than the rest of the page and intended to attract attention. 
A similar device in word processing is a special text box with or without a small "tail" that can be pointed to different locations on a document.
In the utility industries, a callout is an instruction to report for emergency or special work at an unusual time or place.
Arts.
In music, call-out hooks are small portions of a song, usually seven to ten seconds of a song's hook used by radio stations "in market research to assist in gauging the popularity of a song by the recognizability of its hook".
In the fine arts, a call-out is a notice calling for response from artists to contribute, apply or enter various proposed events, by curators and/or galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="19946493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946493" title="Frasnes Hoard">
Frasnes Hoard

The Frasnes Hoard was accidentally unearthed in 1864 by foresters digging out the roots of a tree near Frasnes-lez-Buissenal in Hainaut, Belgium.
Along with at least eighty uninscribed coins of types often found in Gaul and Britain and associated with the Belgic tribes of Morini and Nervii, which were dated by John Evans to ca. 80 BC, the hoard discovered at Frasnes also contained two characteristically Gallic Late La Tène style gold torcs, one plain with flattened-ball terminals, the other with repoussé decoration of a frontal bull's head among raised facetted scrolls some of which manifested a design repertory comparable to finds in Britain. The torc was constructed of sheet gold over an iron ring wrapped in a hard cement. There was also a ring "nearly 1⅝ inches in diameter", too large in diameter to be a finger ring, yet too small to be a bracelet or armband; it had continuous granular ornament of globules of gold soldered together round into outer face.

</doc>
<doc id="19946507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946507" title="Allocasuarina verticillata">
Allocasuarina verticillata

Allocasuarina verticillata or drooping sheoak is a nitrogen fixing native tree of southeastern Australia. Originally collected in Tasmania and described as "Casuarina verticillata" by French naturalist Jean-Baptiste Lamarck in 1786, it was moved to its current genus in 1982 by Australian botanist Lawrie Johnson.
It grows as a small tree with a rounded habit, reaching 4–10 metres (12–35 ft) in height.
It is found from central New South Wales south into Victoria and South Australia as well as Tasmania.
On Kangaroo Island, it is the preferred food item of the Glossy Black Cockatoo, which holds the cones in its foot and shreds them with its powerful bill before removing the seeds with its tongue.

</doc>
<doc id="19946563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946563" title="Church of the Presentation of the Virgin in the Temple in Bârsana">
Church of the Presentation of the Virgin in the Temple in Bârsana


</doc>
<doc id="19946565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946565" title="List of Hamilton Academical F.C. players">
List of Hamilton Academical F.C. players

The following is a list of Hamilton Academical F.C. players who have played a first team league game for Hamilton Academical.

</doc>
<doc id="19946581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946581" title="Victor Duleep Singh">
Victor Duleep Singh

Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh (10 July 1866- 7 June 1918) was the eldest son of Maharani Bamba Müller and Maharaja Duleep Singh, the last Maharaja of Lahore, and of the Sikh Empire, and the grandson of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. 
Biography.
Victor Duleep Singh was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he met Lady Anne Blanche Alice Coventry whom he would later marry. In 1887 he entered the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, with a special Cadetship and left it in the following December to be commissioned as Lieutenant into the 1st (Royal) Dragoons.
In 1889 Singh was stationed at Halifax, Nova Scotia, as a member of the staff of General Sir John Ross, commander of British forces in British North America. In December, he was rumoured to be engaged to marry Jeanne Turnure, daughter of Lawrence Turnure, a New York City banker, after staying at the Turnure house in Newport, Rhode Island, the previous summer; the rumour was however denied by the banker. In February the following year, Singh took a three month leave of absence from the army to meet his father in Paris, when rumours of unpaid creditors in Halifax became current for the first time. He continued serve in the Royal Dragoons until he resigned his commission in 1898.
On the death of his father on 23 October 1893, Singh succeeded him as Head of the Royal House of the Punjab.
On 4 January 1898, Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh married Lady Anne Coventry, a daughter of George William Coventry, 9th Earl of Coventry, who was eight years younger than himself, and the marriage created a sensation. It was the first time an Indian prince had married an English noblewoman, and the marriage was made possible primarily due to the intervention of the Prince of Wales (subsequently King Edward VII). The wedding took place at St Peter's Church, Eaton Square, London, where Queen Victoria was also represented.
Singh was declared bankrupt on 4 September 1902, with debts totalling £117,900, despite his £8,250 annual allowance and his wife's income of £2,500. The bankruptcy was attributed to bad investments and to gambling, something that plagued him for the rest of his life.
He died, without legitimate issue, aged 51, on 7 June 1918, and was buried at the Anglican Cemetery above Monte Carlo. Beside him is the grave of his wife who died aged 82, on 2 July 1956. However, it was later claimed that he was the biological father of Henry Herbert, 6th Earl of Carnarvon, thanks to an affair with Almina Carnarvon.

</doc>
<doc id="19946584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946584" title="Combe Haven">
Combe Haven

Combe Haven is a 156.1 hectare (385.7 acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest, located in East Sussex, England, around west of Hastings. The site was notified in 1985 under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981.
The site consists of mainly alluvial meadows and the largest reed bed in the county, creating a very important site for a variety of fauna.
A new road from Bexhill to Hastings (under construction as at September 2013) will skirt the northern edge of Combe Haven. There are protests against the road's impact on Combe Haven.

</doc>
<doc id="19946592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946592" title="Kajraare">
Kajraare

Kajraare is a Bollywood film that released on 15 October 2010. The film was directed by Pooja Bhatt and starred Indian singer and music composer Himesh Reshammiya and the Pakistani-born actress Sara Loren. Himesh plays a singer who falls in love with a bar dancer and the film is centred on how they find true love. It is the first Hindi film to be shot in Petra, often called "the eighth wonder of the world."
Plot.
Rajiv (Himesh Reshammiya) is haunted by his very own past which torments him. He moves to Jordan where he has a job as a bartender, however Tariq Anwar (Gulshan Grover) forbids him to stay and immediately wants him to return to India. Rajiv then contemplates suicide but the eyes of a ravishing beauty strikes his own eyes. A chase ensues, until another man appears and takes the "beauty" in his own hands. The guy tells Rajiv if he wants to see what she does, he must come to the bar to "watch her dance".
Rajiv visits the aquarium and he sees the lady again and develops immense love for her. The woman is Nargis (Sara Loren) who is revealed as a prostitute. He than falls in love. One night, Rajiv visits the "bar", and watches her (Nargis) dance. Embarrassed and feeling unworthy, Rajiv runs away, however, after the end of the night, its time to head home. Nargis and her colleagues get in a taxi which Rajiv follows. At the end of the trip, Rajiv gets closer to Nargis only for Rajiv to return the scarf that Nargis dropped at the bar. Mockingly, Nargis refuses it but Rajiv says if she keeps disappearing like this, he will hang himself with the scarf. Nargis offers for a longer one in a jokingly way.
Regardless, Rajiv wants to marry Nargis. Rajiv wants Nargis to be free from prostitution. Rajiv must now get past Zohra Baano (Amrita Singh). She owns a prostitution business and hires other women to do their dirty work, the only source of income. Zohra Baano wants a price in exchange and Rajiv is willing to do that. Slowly, Nargis begins to develop feelings for Rajiv. One night, Nargis escapes the brothel, Rajiv finds her and takes her to a hotel. Nargis realises this was a mistake so she must return to the brothel. As soon as the "couple" leave the hotel, 3 drunkards approach them and one of them recognizes Rajiv as "Rocky". In fact, this is his real name, although "Rajiv" denies it. Rajiv fights off the drunkards and realises that Nargis knows the truth. So he decides to come clean about his life story.
Rocky, a singer (also Himesh Reshammiya) is on the aeroplane. An ardent boy, who's a fan of Rocky, and his granny wants an autograph so Rocky writes one for them. On the plane, an uneasy passenger heads for the restroom but he is a terrorist. He threatens the entire crew, until Rocky sees this. He gets into a fght but suddenly the gun goes off killing the terrorist. Tariq tells Rocky, he just killed Babbar (Adnan Shah) brother. Babbar is a most-wanted terrorist. He vows revenge on Rocky. Tariq recommends Rocky to change his identity and start afresh. And this is how Rocky becomes Rajiv.
Rajiv breaks Tariq's oath by going back to India. He's playing with his sister in the park until he receives a call. It is Tariq who wants him to return to London (as a cover up) Babbar is targeting his sister. After the call, his sister is gone. The white woman who witnessed the event says a man just took her. Babbar then tells Rocky he's sister is dead. This shatters him completely.
What follows is the underlying quest for true love. At the climax, Babbar captures Zohra Baano and Nargis. Rajiv/Rocky rescues them and kills Babbar. At the end, they are married.
Release.
The film was supposed to be released on 6 August 2010, along with "Aisha", but due to clashes between director Pooja Bhatt and the producer, Bhushan Kumar, the release was delayed. According to sources, Kumar later sold the satellite rights to a television channel, which wanted it to have an official theatrical release before they could air it. On 15 October 2010, the film was released in only two theatres in Mumbai.
Bhushan Kumar stated in an interview that the film will release worldwide on the TV channel Colors in December 2010.
The film was previewed on UTV Movies on 28 May 2011.
Home media.
The DVDs and VCDs of "Kajraare" were released by Eros in the first week of December 2010.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of "Kajraare" was released on 30 May 2010. The album has 7 tracks and 4 remixes. All songs are composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya with lyrics by Sameer.

</doc>
<doc id="19946610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946610" title="Live '99">
Live '99

“Live '99” is the first Live album by polish singer Edyta Górniak.
Background.
The songs were recorded during Edyta Górniak's 1999 tour threw Poland. The backing vocals were sung by Ania Szarmach and Kasia Cerekwicka who are now also well known singer in Poland and by Krzysztof Pietrzak.

</doc>
<doc id="19946619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946619" title="Hickenlooper">
Hickenlooper

Hickenlooper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946622" title="Loch of Aboyne">
Loch of Aboyne

Loch of Aboyne is a freshwater loch in Scotland. An artificially-formed loch created within the policies of Aboyne Castle on Royal Deeside, the Loch of Aboyne lies northeast of Aboyne and west southwest of Aberdeen. Retained by an earthen dam constructed c.1834, this shallow loch also served as a reservoir for a nearby mill. During the winter months the loch has proven popular for curling and in more recent years has provided a home for the Aberdeen Water Ski Club, who were responsible for repairing the dam in the late 1980s. The loch supports other water-sports and provides a popular recreational fishery.
The southeastern part of the loch was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1984, owing to its biological interest. It provides a valuable habitat for waterfowl and other birds, with Osprey regularly seen plucking fish from the water. It is also an important site for butterflies.
Aboyne Loch Caravan Park lies on a wooded peninsula which extends into the loch, while Aboyne Golf Club lies immediately to the southwest. The Lodge on the Loch health spa and Aboyne Loch Golf Centre, with its nine-hole course, is located on the north shore of the loch.

</doc>
<doc id="19946629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946629" title="Smedberg">
Smedberg

Smedberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946630" title="See the Good Behind the Hood">
See the Good Behind the Hood

See the Good Behind the Hood is a campaign run by the UK Youth Parliament (UKYP). It aims to promote positive images of young people and combat the negative perceptions of youth common in the press and society.
History.
"See the Good Behind the Hood" was elected as one of the UKYP's three West Midlands campaigns in March 2008, when the newly elected Members of Youth Parliament (MYPs) from around the county met for the first time and voted on their top three issues to campaign on in the upcoming year. The project is led by Dan Willetts, MYP for Dudley, and Andy Marlow, MYP for Birmingham.
On 15 November 2008, a campaign launch was held with a publicity stunt in central Birmingham, featuring a banner and five foam men. While they were up, they received a good response from passers-by. However, the men were kidnapped after a short period of time and, demoralised, nothing more was done that day.
Background.
Currently, 88% of articles about young people are negative. However, numerous surveys into the issue have shown that the majority of young people are good. For example, Frontier Youth Trust, in research for its "labels r 4 jars not young people" campaign, found that the majority of adults overestimate teenage pregnancy rates and youth crime, despite the fact that the majority said they had not been intimidated by young people in the past year. This view was informed by the media in 61% of cases, while only 8% said they had regular contact with young people.
The British Youth Council's "Respect?" campaign found that 90% of young people denounce anti-social behaviour and 98% felt that the media portrayed them as antisocial, which 80% believed made older generations respect them less.
The Prince's Trust found that less than 10% of young people carry knives, take drugs or join gangs.
The reasoning behind campaigning to improve the images of young people in the media is therefore simple: young people are being portrayed unfairly and inaccurately, and this is having a damaging effect on community cohesion, where old fear young, and young mistrust old.
Activities.
The aim of the campaign is to improve the image of young people by increasing youth participation in the media. If frequent images of violence, drugs, anti-social behaviour and knife crime in the media cause such a negative view of youth, then increasing images of the good that young people do should go some way towards combating this negativity.
The campaign believes that fears between different groups are caused by misunderstanding, so if adults can understand the thoughts and actions of young people, the barriers will fall.
The campaign is looking at changing the Press Complaints Commission clause on discrimination, which currently neglects to mention youth.
The campaign is conducting a survey of young people's views in the West Midlands, which will be used to create a report on the issue of unfair representation in the press, which will be sent to leading politicians and media executives.
The campaign is in the process of filming a five-minute documentary, which will be shown on Community channel. Several local papers agreed to regular youth contributions, and there is the possibility of one in the Birmingham Mail.

</doc>
<doc id="19946642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946642" title="Hickmott">
Hickmott

Hickmott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946647" title="Stara Huta, Volyn Oblast">
Stara Huta, Volyn Oblast

Stara Huta () is a village in Stara Vyzhivka Raion, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine. The population of the village is 1024 people.
History.
Between the wars, the village was located in the Second Polish Republic, in the Kostopol County, Volhynia Voivodeship. Up till the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland in September 1939 it was known as Stara Huta. During World War II, the village was the site of Polish and Jewish mass murders between 1942 and 1945, perpetrated by local Ukrainian peasants and the Ukrainian Insurgent Army.
The village endured two raids. The first, took place on the night of March 4, 1944. Almost all farmhouses numbering at around 200 were set on fire and burned down. Around 25-30 were saved partially. In the mass killing at least 30 to 35 villagers were killed.
The second pacification operation took place on February 28, 1945 and this time, the Ukrainians killed all Poles they encountered, including infants and seniors. At that time, the village was destroyed completely and the remaining inhabitants murdered. Among the murdered, were four female members of the Biernacki family, as males had been previously killed on March 4, 1944. A local Roman Catholic church, had also been razed. The Ukrainians were led by Pavlo Kirychuk, a member of the OUN(B), who himself was later shot by the UIA for desertion.

</doc>
<doc id="19946654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946654" title="XRX (web application architecture)">
XRX (web application architecture)

In software development XRX is a web application architecture based on XForms, REST and XQuery. XRX applications store data on both the web client and on the web server in XML format and do not require a translation between data formats. XRX is considered a simple and elegant application architecture due to the minimal number of translations needed to transport data between client and server systems. The XRX architecture is also tightly coupled to W3C standards (CSS, XHTML 2.0, XPath, XML Schema) to ensure XRX applications will be robust in the future. Because XRX applications leverage modern declarative languages on the client and functional languages on the server they are designed to empower non-developers who are not familiar with traditional imperative languages such as JavaScript, Java or .Net.
Overview of XRX.
XRX is a "zero translation" application architecture that uses XML to store data in the client web browser, on the application server and in the database server. It is because each of these layers use XML as the same structural data model that XRX applications do not have to translate data structures to and from both object and relational data structures. Because of the lack of need for translation, XRX is considered to have a clean and elegant design. The XRX web application architecture allows developers to focus on the business problem and not the translation problem. XRX benefits from several advances in software technology:
Overall Benefits of XRX.
One of the principal benefits of the XRX architecture is that it avoids the requirement to "shred" complex data structures into relational structures and then reconstitute the data back into structures when a record is edited on the client.
Another benefits of the XRX Web application architecture is that it avoids most of the problems around the object-relational impedance mismatch.
Another advantage is that the client developer does not have to learn JavaScript on the client.
Comparison with Traditional Object/Relational Web Application Architectures.
Many traditional web application architectures created in the late 1990 were based on middle object tiers and persistence layers that used tabular data streams and relational database systems. Because each of these layers used different structures to store the models the systems required much additional complexity to translate between layers.
History of XRX.
Early examples of using a zero-translation architecture in multi-tier systems can be traced back to the rise of object-oriented databases in the 1990s. See OODBMS History
Mark Birbeck suggested that the combination of XForms, XQuery with REST interfaces between the two had many advantages in a meeting to the UK XML User Group in September 2006
. His presentation was one of the first to specifically suggest that the combination of three technologies: XForms and XQuery with REST interfaces would have surprisingly beneficial effects. Mark termed this process "Skimming" but that term did not seem to be contagious.
Erik Bruchez of Orbeon spoke at the XML 2007 conference on Boston in December 2007.
. His presentation titled: XForms and the eXist XML database: a perfect couple, Erik showed that many people were discovering synergistic benefits of XForms on the client and XQuery on the server.
The label for XRX was suggested by a blog posting by Dan McCreary on December 14 of 2007
. It was in this article that Dan suggested the need for a contagious meme for the ideas behind the XRX architecture.
Generalizations of XRX.
Although XRX was originally intended to connote the use of XForms on the client, REST as an interface and XQuery on the server, other proponents of the symmetrical use of XML on the client and server have generalized the term to encompass any XML-centric web client and any server that can store and query XML documents. This use of XRX is generally referred to as "shallow XRX". These generalizations do benefit from a simplified zero-translation architecture but many do not benefit from REST interfaces, XPath for consistent data selection, declarative systems in the client, and functional languages on the server (one of the key aspects of XRX). Use of all three technologies (XForms, REST and XQuery) is referred to as "deep XRX".
Although XRX architecture is centred around XForms and XQuery, it does not preclude the use of other technologies that manipulate XML natively, such as XSLT, XProc, and XSL-FO.
Products Built With XRX.
Patriot Data Systems Exchange Builder Metadata Registry Management System

</doc>
<doc id="19946662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946662" title="Hiebert">
Hiebert

Hiebert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946701" title="Thomas Moss">
Thomas Moss

Thomas Moss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946708" title="RMS Ivernia">
RMS Ivernia

The "Saxonia" quartet.
Near the end of 1951 Cunard Line announced their intention to build two new ships for the Liverpool-Montreal route. Not long afterwards, the plans were extended to build four ships rather than two - , RMS "Ivernia", and . They were designed to be the largest ships operated until then by Cunard on their service between the United Kingdom and Canada, while still being able to navigate the St Lawrence River to Montreal. The contracts for building all four ships were awarded to John Brown & Company, in Clydebank.
Career.
For the first year of operation, "Saxonia" and "Ivernia" shared the Canada route with the older Cunard ships , and . As the third and fourth "Saxonia" class ships entered service, however, the older ships were withdrawn, and by mid-1957 the "Saxonia" sisters were the only Cunard ships sailing the UK-Canada route.
In 1959 she made a small appearance in the Peter Sellers film The Mouse That Roared in which she is attacked by the Grand Fenwickian army through the use of bows and arrows
By 1962, the increasing popularity and availability of air travel was having a distinct impact on the profitability of transatlantic shipping services, and Cunard decided to refit the "Ivernia" for cruising. At the same time, they decided to change her name to "Franconia", the older ship of that name having been withdrawn from service several years earlier. "Ivernia" arrived at John Brown's Clydebank shipyard on 11 October 1962 for a major refit, and emerged as the new "Franconia" on 25 May 1963 in ""Caronia" green" colours (see ).
From 1963 until 1967, "Franconia" continued to operate a reduced passenger service between the UK and Canada during the summer months, and spent the winter months cruising the Mediterranean and Caribbean seas. In 1967 the decision was made to withdraw her completely from transatlantic passenger service, and after a refit (during which she was painted white, instead of "Caronia" green), she switched to permanent cruising service, alternating between the Caribbean and the Atlantic isles (Madeira, The Azores and the Canary Islands) and north Africa.
In 1971, Cunard was taken over by Trafalgar House. During the subsequent re-organisation, it was decided that, with new ships in construction, it would not be worth the cost to refit and upgrade the "Franconia". She was withdrawn from service and laid up, initially at Southampton, and then in the River Fal, Cornwall, while a new owner was sought. In 1973, she was purchased by the Far Eastern Shipping Company and started a new career cruising around Australia and the far East. She was also given a new name: '"SS "Fedor Shalyapin.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, she was withdrawn from the Australian cruise routes, and for a few years sailed on routes such as Odessa to Cuba.
In 1980 she was transferred to the Black Sea Shipping Company.
For several years in the early to mid-1980s she was chartered by a German company, Jahn Reisen GmbH, and resumed cruising in the Mediterranean and the far East. In 1992, the ship was transferred to the Odessa Cruise Company, a company registered in Malta. She continued to operate out of Odessa, however.
In the summer of 1994, she made an extended cruise from St Petersburg, calling at 20 ports around Europe and in the Mediterranean ending at Odessa. It was her last cruise, and in 1995 she was laid up at Ilichevsk, a Black Sea port 40 km southwest of Odessa. She remained there until February 2004, when, as the Salona""', she sailed to Alang in India, and was scrapped. Her three sister ships also ended their careers in Alang - "Saxonia" in 1999, "Sylvania" in January 2004, and "Carinthia" in November 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19946728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946728" title="Darío Siviski">
Darío Siviski

Darío Andrés Siviski (born December 20, 1962 in Avellaneda) is a former Argentine football midfielder who played for a number of clubs in Argentina, Mexico, Switzerland and Japan. He represented Argentina at the 1988 Olympic games and played for the full Argentina national team at Copa América 1987.
Siviski started his playing career in 1981 with Temperley he spent some time in Mexico with Toluca before returning to Temperley in 1985.
In 1986 Siviski joined San Lorenzo de Almagro where he played 126 games, scoring 21 goals. In 1990 he joined Servette of Switzerland. He has also played for Independiente and Estudiantes de La Plata in the Argentine Primera and Avispa Fukuoka in the J-League under manager Hugo Maradona.
Towards the end of his playing career he played for Grupo Universitario de Tandil before returning to his first club Club Atlético Temperley in 1997.
He represented Argentina at the 1988 Olympic games and played for the full Argentina national team on six occasions including games at Copa América 1987.
After retiring as a footballer he has worked in various roles including football agent, coach and sporting director.

</doc>
<doc id="19946748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946748" title="Sennaya Ploshchad (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Sennaya Ploshchad (Saint Petersburg Metro)

Sennaya Ploshchad (, Sennaya Square) is a station on the Moskovsko-Petrogradskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro, opened on July 1, 1963. It is a deep underground pylon station. Its surface vestibule is situated near Sennaya Square, which gives its name to the station. Construction of the entrance to the station was given as a pretext for demolition of the Saviour Church on Sennaya Square. Before 1992 both the square and the station were known under the name Ploshchad Mira (Peace Square). In June 1999 the concrete canopy of the surface vestibule collapsed, killing seven. The station is connected to the station Spasskaya of the Pravoberezhnaya Line and Sadovaya of the Frunzensko-Primorskaya Line via an underground transfer corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="19946753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946753" title="Sujatha (actress)">
Sujatha (actress)

Sujatha (10 December 1952 – 6 April 2011) was a popular South Indian actress who performed in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi language films, and was best known for restraint and subtlety in portrayal of varied emotions. Sujatha was introduced to the Tamil film industry by veteran director K. Balachander as a protagonist in "Aval Oru Thodar Kathai" (1974). She paired with Kamal Haasan in most of her films. She also acted with leading actors Sivaji Ganesan, Kamal Haasan, Rajinikanth, Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Shobhan Babu and Krishna. She died of cardiac arrest in Chennai.
Early life.
Sujatha was born to Malayali parents on 10 December 1952 in Galle, Sri Lanka where she spent her childhood. She participated in school plays, and later moved to Kerala when she was about 15. She acted in "Ernakulam Junction", a Malayalam film and soon drew the attention of K. Balachander.
Career.
Sujatha made her debut in the Malayalam film "Thapasvini". Her first Tamil film was "Aval Oru Thodar Kathai" directed by K. Balachander. She again collaborated with K. Balachander in "Avargal" (1977), "Rajinikanth", and "Kamal Haasan".
Sujatha acted in over 300 films in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi, with almost 200 in Tamil. She shot to fame instantly with her portrayal of a haughty, free-thinking urban working woman shouldering the family’s responsibilities. Despite displaying her acting prowess through fiery characters in films like "Aval Oru Thodarkadhai" and "Vidhi", Sujatha was equally known for her performances in family dramas like "Mayangugiraal Oru Maadhu", "Sentamizh Paattu" and "Aval Varuvaala". She seldom resorted to glamorous roles and graduated to playing older women in the late 1980s.
Character roles.
During the 1980s, she started playing character roles, often portraying mothers. Her performances as a senior actor in films like "Kodi Parakuthu", "Uzhaippali", "Baba" in all which she played the mother of Rajinikanth; and "Villain" in which she played Ajith Kumar's mother. "Vathiyar" (2006) was her last film.
Death.
While undergoing treatment for a heart ailment, Sujatha died of cardiac arrest in Chennai on April 6, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19946755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946755" title="Michael J. Franklin">
Michael J. Franklin

Michael J. Franklin is an American software entrepreneur and computer scientist specializing in distributed and streaming database technology. He is Thomas M. Siebel Professor of Computer Science at UC Berkeley and is the founder as well as CTO of Truviso, which was acquired by Cisco in May 2012. At Berkeley he is Director of the Algorithms, Machines, and People Laboratory (AMPLab), a collaboration of computing systems, data management, machine learning researchers focused on large-scale data analytics. Professor Franklin is an ACM Fellow as well as SIGMOD Test of Time Award recipient. Professor Franklin is in the 2009 inaugural group of UMass' Alumni receiving achievement award from the CS Department at University of Massachusetts Amherst for Outstanding Achievement in Research.
Professor Franklin received a bachelor's degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1983 and a master's degree from the Wang Institute of Graduate Studies in 1986. He earned a Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1993 with his thesis Caching and memory management in client-server database systems.
Students.
Current Students:
Previous Students:

</doc>
<doc id="19946759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946759" title="Ram Ruhee">
Ram Ruhee

Ram Ruhee (October 12, 1927 – October 21, 2008) was a Mauritian former International Olympic Committee member and FIFA executive. Ruhee founded the Mauritius National Olympic Committee and remained it Secretary General until his death in 2008.
Ruhee, born in Port Louis and former teacher, founded the first division soccer club Cadets Club in Mauritius in 1948. He continued to manage the team after its founding. He later founded the Mauritius National Olympic Committee in 1971 and remained its Secretary General until his death in 2008. Mauritius first competed in the Olympics during the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and has subsequently competed in every Summer OLympics Game since. The country's first Olympic Medal was won during the 2008 Beijing Olympics by Bruno Julie. The IOC would later commend Ruhee in statement following his death saying, "(He) played a key role in promoting the values of sport to the youth in his country."
Ruhee served as a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1988 until 2007. He was investigated in 1999 as part of the 2002 Winter Olympic bid scandal. However, Ruhee was completely exonerated and cleared of any wrongdoing in the scandal. He was awarded the Olympic Order of Merit at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
Ruhee also served on the FIFA executive committee from 1992 until 1998. He was also a member of the FIFA finance committee and the FIFA World Cup Organising Committee.
Ram Ruhee died on October 21, 2008, at the age of 81 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19946765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946765" title="F+A Architects">
F+A Architects

North American projects.
Several of the firm's projects are noted for a simulated Italian village architectural style, a practice that began with the firm's 1998 design of The Commons complex in Calabasas, California. The firm would continue using a neo-Italianate motif in its 2005 design of the Simi Valley Town Center regional mall in Simi Valley, California, which is designed to look like an Italian hillside village. To give the Simi Valley Town Center a more European appearance, the mall was designed with architectural elements such as trellised and covered walkways, gardens, courtyards, arches, and copper domes. 
The incorporation of such traditional elements typifies F+A's overall historicist design style. For example, in the 2003 design of the Pike at Rainbow Harbor in Long Beach, California, the firm used numerous shapes, angles, colors, and textures to create a venue that looked like it had always been part of an historical waterfront area. Each building in the complex has a unique footprint, to avoid the uniform "big box store" appearance that is commonplace to many modern shopping malls.
The firm has also designed several malls around the upscale "lifestyle center" design concept, which combines retail shopping with other leisure amenities. For example, The Village at Park Royal Shopping Centre in West Vancouver is considered to be Canada's first lifestyle center.
Middle Eastern projects.
The firm's most famous design project to date is the Mall of the Emirates in Dubai, which is considered the world's first "shopping resort". F+A's design of that mall incorporates both European and Arabic design elements. The firm is currently doing more design work in Dubai, including a motorcycle racetrack, a watersports facility, and a large go-kart racing facility at the Dubailand complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19946792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946792" title="Francesco Paolo Bontade">
Francesco Paolo Bontade

Francesco Paolo Bontade (1914 – February 25, 1974), also known as "Don Paolino Bonta", was a legendary and powerful member of the Sicilan Mafia. Some sources spell his surname Bontate. He hailed from Villagrazia, a rural village before it was absorbed into the city of Palermo in the 1960s. His father Stefano had been a powerful Mafia boss in the area that included Santa Maria di Gesù and Guadagna.
Traditional capomafia.
According to the Palermo criminal court, "Don Paolino" embodied “the traditional capomafia who intervenes directly in all matters in his area, arbitrating private disputes, assuming the role of great protector of his citizens, infiltrating public offices and private companies, exercising his influence through sly and hidden intimidation systems covered up by formally correct and respectful behaviour.” 
He was a pallbearer at the funeral of Mafia boss Calogero Vizzini – one of the most influential Mafia bosses of Sicily after World War II until his death in 1954. He stood next to Giuseppe Genco Russo – considered to be the heir of Vizzini – an indication of the Mafia stature of Bontade.
Political connections.
Like Vizzini, Bontade first backed the Sicilian separatist movement after the Allied invasion of the island in 1943. When it became clear that an independent Sicily was not feasible, he switched to support the Monarchist Party. In 1958, he backed the regional Sicilian government of Silvio Milazzo, an atypical coalition government that was supported by Communists, Monarchists, Neo-Fascists and dissident Christian Democrats. The government was formed in protest against infringement on Sicilian autonomy and threat to Sicilian patronage by the Christian Democrat party headquarters in Rome. He did not hesitate to publicly slap in the face a deputy that had not voted in favour of Milazzo.
After this interlude, he became a staunch supporter of the Christian Democrats, through his connection with the Salvo cousins – other supporters of Milazzo who, as a result, gained control over the private concession for collecting taxes in Sicily. The Salvos and Bontade withdrew their support for Milazzo when the mainstream Christian Democrats tried to regain control of the region. The relation with the Salvos allowed Don Paolino, and later his son Stefano Bontade, access to influential regional politicians.
According to the pentito, Francesco Marino Mannoia, he was close with Bernardo Mattarella, an important Christian Democrat politician and Minister in various governments in the 1950s and 1960s.
Exercising his power.
He used his excellent connections to secure the location Eletronica Siciliana (ELSI), a subsidiary of the huge US defence contractor Raytheon, in his district in 1962. The Italian manager of the factory later testified to the parliament’s Antimafia Commission about why he had to deal with the Mafia boss: “Paolo Bonta is useful to me, he provides me with the water I need, he gives me the land to expand the factory and I depend on him for workers to run the factory.” He had first noted the muscle of Bontade when during a meeting in the factory where all the highest regional and local authorities were present, the door opened and a short, fat man walked in. Everyone immediately turned to the new arrival to embrace him. “At that moment, I understood what the word ‘mafia’ meant,” he later recalled.
Banishment and resignation.
In the aftermath of the First Mafia War in 1962-63 and the Ciaculli Massacre that prompted the first concerted Antimafia efforts by the state in post-war Italy, Bontade was among the many that received an internal banishment in Italy to dislodge Mafiosi from their home towns. Around 1964, "Don Paolino" Bontade, stepped down as head of the Mafia family because of ill health; he suffered from diabetes. His son Stefano Bontade succeeded him as the boss of the Mafia family.
In December 1968, he was absolved in the Trial of the 114. He died on February 25, 1974, after he spent six months as a bedridden patient in a hospital in Messina.

</doc>
<doc id="19946798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946798" title="Wisin &amp; Yandel discography">
Wisin &amp; Yandel discography

The discography of Wisin & Yandel, a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo, consists of seven studio albums, three live albums, four collaboration albums, four compilation albums, thirty-two singles and forty-seven music videos.
Album appearances.
The following songs are not singles and have not appeared on an album by Wisin & Yandel.
Notes.
<ol type="a">
<li> Although the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart comprise up to a hundred songs, the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles act as an extension to each chart. Thus, songs that have peaked up to these extension charts are listed in this discography under the Hot 100 with values over a hundred.

</doc>
<doc id="19946811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946811" title="Maja e Vjelakut">
Maja e Vjelakut

Maja e Vjelakut ( , "Volujak") is a peak of the Prokletije range in Kosovo, reaching a top height of . Volujak creates part of the Rugova Canyon. This mountain can be seen from the city of Peć because it is only a few kilometers west of it.

</doc>
<doc id="19946814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946814" title="Kilminster">
Kilminster

Kilminster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946823" title="Hendrick">
Hendrick

Hendrick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946836" title="Re Sarflax Ltd">
Re Sarflax Ltd

Re Sarflax Ltd Ch 592; [1979 1 All E.R. 529 is a UK insolvency law case concerning voidable preferences and fraudulent trading, now in the Insolvency Act 1986. It concerns the definition of "intention to defraud", which is found in a number of legal provisions.
Facts.
Sarflax Ltd was in liquidation. It incurred another debt after a judgment that it had delivered unsatisfactory goods. The liquidator moved for a declaration that the delivery of these unsatisfactory goods was evidence of fraudulent trading. It also argued Sarflax had preferred other creditors over the deliveree, knowing it was unable to pay its debts in full.
Judgment.
Oliver J held that "intention to defraud" in the voidable preference section (now s.239, IA 1986 did not cover a case where a debtor merely knew or had grounds to think he had no sufficient funds to pay creditors in full.

</doc>
<doc id="19946841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946841" title="Frays River">
Frays River

Frays River is a river in England that branches off the River Colne at Uxbridge Moor and rejoins it at West Drayton. 
The Frays River leaves the River Colne between Uxbridge and Denham, Buckinghamshire at Denham Weir. It passes Cowley and Yiewsley where it is joined by the River Pinn. It is also crossed by the Slough Arm of the Grand Union Canal which is carried on an aqueduct. It rejoins the River Colne at West Drayton. Little Britain is a lake situated between the Frays River and the River Colne.
The Frays River is believed to be a man-made diversion of waters from the River Colne to feed watermills around Uxbridge. The name is originates from John Fray who owned Cowley Hall beside the river in the fifteenth century. Other names for the river are the Uxbridge and Cowley Mill Stream, the Cowley Stream or the Colham Mill Stream. In the 17th century the river powered five mills. Drayton Mill at West Drayton was mentioned in Domesday Book and was used for flour milling, paper-making and the manufacture of millboard. It ceased operation in about 1923.
Frays River in Uxbridge and Cowley has a good variety of wetland plants and waterfowl, and it is a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation, Borough Grade I. Frays Island between the Frays and the River Colne is a Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation managed by the London Wildlife Trust, and the river goes through two Sites of Special Scientific Interest also managed by London Wildlife Trust, Frays Farm Meadows and Denham Lock Wood.
A literary connection is that George Orwell once taught at Frays College, which was on the banks of the Frays River and was named after it.

</doc>
<doc id="19946847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946847" title="Tilde de Paula">
Tilde de Paula

Tilde de Paula (born 14 November 1972, Chile) is a Sweden-based award-winning television presenter on TV4. Paula has hosted many of Sweden's most popular shows, such as "När & Fjärran", "Nyhetsmorgon" and "Spårlöst". 
Born as Anatilde Jane de Paula Diaz, Tilde is fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese.
She has won awards for her work such as Aftonbladet's TV Prize in 2007 for Best female television host. Other awards are Best television host by magazine "Se&Hör", and Sweden's best dressed and sexiest woman, both in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19946860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946860" title="Hendriks">
Hendriks

Hendriks is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19946880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946880" title="2001 BMW Open – Singles">
2001 BMW Open – Singles

Franco Squillari was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Bohdan Ulihrach.
Jiří Novák won in the final 6–4, 7–5 against Antony Dupuis.

</doc>
<doc id="19946905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946905" title="Demaine, Saskatchewan">
Demaine, Saskatchewan

Demaine is a hamlet in the southwest Coteau Hills region of Saskatchewan, Canada. Demaine was named after Frank Demaine who settled in the region in the early 1900s with several other families. Demaine is located in the Rural Municipality of Victory No. 226.

</doc>
<doc id="19946906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946906" title="Tran Van Hai">
Tran Van Hai

Brigadier General Trần Văn Hai was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He was born in Can Tho.
Military service.
In 1951, Hai graduated from the Dalat Military Academy, Class 7. 
In 1968, he was commanding the Ranger Branch Command, directly supervising the Ranger's raid to clear the enemy force that infiltrated into the business quarter of Cho Lon area. He was then assigned National Police Chief. 
He was the commander of the 7th Infantry Division at Dong Tam, near My Tho.
In 1970, he was commander, Special Tactical Area 44, before commanding the 7th Division. He was renowned for being incorruptible, outspoken and brave. He won the adoration of everyone who once worked with him.[http://www.bietdongquan.com/article1/genhai.htm]
On April 30, 1975, at midnight he committed suicide at the Division Headquarters, Dong Tam Army Base.[http://vnafmamn.com/black_april.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19946912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946912" title="Bontade">
Bontade

Bontade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19946926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946926" title="UK Space Conference">
UK Space Conference

The UK Space Conference is an annual conference devoted to space held in the United Kingdom. The conference hosts the Sir Arthur Clarke Award prizegiving dinner. 
The event also hosts the fly-off of the UKAYRoC student rocket competition
History.
The UK Space Conference evolved out of the British Rocket Oral History Programme (BROHP) annual conference which had been running since 1998. The rebranding of the conference in 2007 signalled a broadening of its remit. The 2008 event included parallel sessions on Education, Research, Engineering and Astronomy as well as History.
Starting in 2011, the conference will be held at the University of Warwick in July. Until 2010, the conference was held at Charterhouse School in Surrey in March each year. Speakers included British planetary scientists Colin Pillinger (who was the principal investigator for the Beagle 2 probe) and Professor John Zarnecki who was instrumental in the success of the Huygens probe to Titan. Speakers also came from outside of the UK including former NASA astronaut and shuttle pilot Joe Engle and former Johnson Space Center Director George Abbey. The UK space commercial sector was represented with Virgin Galactic, Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd and EADS Astrium giving presentations, the latter also sponsoring the event.
Lembit Öpik MP attended the 2008 event, giving a plenary talk

</doc>
<doc id="19946943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946943" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
16 crews entered in two heats. The top two finishers in each heat advanced to the final while the remaining teams competed in the repechages.
Semifinals.
The top two finishers in the each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 3. 
Germany stayed close to Hungary for the first 750 meters of the race before pulling away to win decisively.

</doc>
<doc id="19946944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946944" title="Jo Russell">
Jo Russell

Jo Russell is an English radio presenter and DJ currently working for Free Radio in Birmingham.
Biography.
Russell worked for an insurance company and Coca Cola among other roles before beginning her broadcasting career at York Hospital Radio. She later moved onto hosting weekend shows at Stray FM in Harrogate and a full time presenting role at York's Minster FM.
From 1998 onwards, Russell spent over ten years co-presenting Trent FM's award-winning breakfast show with Andy "Twiggy" Twigge, who had previously worked alongside her at sister station Ram FM in Derby. During this time, Russell won various awards for her work including four Sony Awards, the 2008 Arqiva Commercial Radio Presenter of the Year and Best Breakfast Show at the 2007 European Radio Awards. In September 2008, she joined Absolute Radio as the host of a weekend mid-morning show, which ran for around thirteen months.
A month after her departure from Absolute, Russell joined BRMB to host its flagship weekday breakfast show, "The Jo Show". In November 2010, following a break from work due to illness, she began co-presenting the station's weekday drivetime show "Jo and Sparky", alongside Mark "Sparky" Colerangle.
During 2011, Russell also presented "Back to the 80s", a weekly Saturday night show for the East Midlands regional radio station Gem 106. 

</doc>
<doc id="19946950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946950" title="Gry Forssell">
Gry Forssell

Gry Charlotta Forssell (born February 16, 1973 in Växjö) is a Swedish television host on TV4 and TV3 and radio talk-show host. She is the daughter of singer Tomas Forssell and niece to actor Johannes Brost.

</doc>
<doc id="19946956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946956" title="Hermann Dahlke">
Hermann Dahlke

Hermann Dahlke (11 February 1917 – 5 July 1943) was a Untersturmführer(Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Early years.
He was born on 11 February 1917 in Greifswald. In 1933 he joined the Hitler Youth, then later joined the volunteer labour service and then applied to join the SS and was posted to the Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler.
World War II.
Dahlke was awarded the Knight's Cross on 3 March 1943 as an SS-Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant), when in a well executed attack, his unit broke into the enemy's southern positions during the Third Battle of Kharkov. His platoon threw back the numerically superior enemy in hand-to-hand fighting and thus made a decisive contribution to the successful advance of the battalion and the whole battle group. Promoted to SS-Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant), he was given command of the 3rd Company, 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH" and was killed in action on 5 July 1943 on the Russian Front near Belgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="19946961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946961" title="Henig">
Henig

Henig is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19946997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19946997" title="The Kites Flying in the Sky">
The Kites Flying in the Sky

The Kites Flying in the Sky () is a 2008 North Korean film. Directed by Phyo Kwang and Kim Hyon-chol, the film is based on the true story of a former marathon champion who devotes her life to caring for orphans.
The film was unusual in that no reshoots were required prior to approval for release. It officially premiered on 16 February 2008, and was the first film to be shown on television prior to a general release in June.
"The Kites Flying in the Sky" was the only North Korean feature film to be screened at the 11th Pyongyang International Film Festival, where it won an award for special screening. Despite local success, the film was poorly received by foreign viewers who dismissed it as "syrupy and propagandistic".

</doc>
<doc id="19947016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947016" title="John Potter (musician)">
John Potter (musician)

John Potter is an English tenor and academic.
Life.
John Potter's musical education began as a chorister at King's College, Cambridge, after which he became a scholar at The King's School, Canterbury and exhibitioner at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. His coaches included Lieder specialist Walter Gruner, accompanist Paul Hamburger, and the tenor Peter Pears.
He currently resides in York with his wife, Penny.
Performance.
Potter specialises in early and contemporary vocal music. In addition to his solo work, he has performed with many acclaimed vocal ensembles including the Hilliard Ensemble, The Swingle Singers, The Dowland Project, the Gavin Bryars Ensemble, and Red Byrd, of which he is a co-founder. His discography includes over 100 recordings encompassing his eclectic musical interests including Léonin and Led Zeppelin. He has received a fifth gold disc for the Hilliard Ensemble's "Officium" album.
He is in high demand as an ensemble coach, mentoring groups such as Trio Mediæval from Norway, The Kassiopeia Ensemble from the Netherlands, and Juice from the United Kingdom. His recent collaborations include "Being Dufay" with electronic music composer Ambrose Field and the lutenist and vihuela player Ariel Abramovich.
Academic work.
Potter is a reader emeritus for the Music Department at the University of York; before retirement he was the director of the Vocal Studies postgraduate program. His research interests include the sociology of vocal music and vocal repertory, especially Renaissance and contemporary music.
Publications.
Potter is the author of numerous academic publications, including articles and his book "Vocal Authority" (Cambridge University Press). He edited "The Cambridge Companion to Singing", also for Cambridge University Press.
In his book "Tenor: History of a Voice", published by Yale University Press, John Potter includes a unique "Tenorography", which contains bibliographical and discographical/video information on several hundred tenors. Forthcoming publications include "History of Singing" written with Neil Sorrell, to be published by Cambridge University Press in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19947020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947020" title="BT-4 Combat">
BT-4 Combat

The BT-4 Combat is a semi-automatic paintball marker manufactured by BT Paintball.
General.
The BT-4 Combat series of paintball markers are the second generation of stock markers released by BT paintball. They are similar internally to the Tippmann 98 Custom, and aesthetically similar to the Tippmann A-5. It is used as the base design for all other BT markers, except for the TM-7 and TM-15 - which is based on Mini Technology; with upgraded markers like the "Delta Elite" being BT-4's with stock add-ons.
The BT-4 Combat is a poppet valve, blow-back marker; the bolt slides forward to open the valve, and air released from the valve propels the paintball forward and recocks the bolt for another shot. The stock BT-4 Combat includes adjustable handgrip and rear sight, sliding feedneck, and 8 inch barrel.
The BT-4 Combat is designed for durability and customizability; as it is similar to the Tippmann98 Custom, it can use many of the same parts and accessories, as well as BT's line of add-ons. The marker uses the same barrel thread as the Tippmann A5 and the stock (butt) mods of the Tippmann 98 Custom. The barrel thread is also designed to be swapped out so that barrels from other paintball markers may be used.
Additionally the BT-4 Combat marker is used nationwide as a "rental" marker.

</doc>
<doc id="19947046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947046" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 64 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 64 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 64 (IRR 25) was an initiated state statute ballot measure on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon.
This measure would have prohibited money collected with the use of public resources from being used for political purposes, except elections, official voter pamphlets and most lobbying. "Political purpose" is defined as: candidates, political committee or party, initiative or referendum committee, and supporting/opposing candidates or ballot measures (including signature gathering for petitions).
Background.
The measure was initially filed as a potential initiative by chief petitioner Bill Sizemore in 2006. In December 2007, Sizemore turned in 139,000 signatures to qualify the measure for the November 2008 ballot.
Sizemore put similar measures on the Oregon ballot in 1998 and 2000; all of them were defeated by a coalition of unions, charities, and non-profit organizations. Measure 59 was defeated 51–49; two years later, Measure 92 was defeated by a wider margin: 55–45. Also in 2000, another similar measure, Measure 98, was defeated 53–47.
Sizemore has filed nearly identical initiatives every two years since, although none qualified for the ballot until 2008. For 2010, he's filed Initiative Petition 25, which would make political contributions from unions "bribery."
Newspaper Endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on Measure 64:
No Oregon newspapers have endorsed a yes vote on Measure 64.
Supporters.
The official name of the initiative petition committee to put Measure 64 on the ballot was "Ban Public Money for Politics". 
"The Oregonian" reported in September 2007 that Nevada-based millionaire Loren Parks was the leading contributor to put Measure 64 on the ballot. According to the newspaper, Parks gave money directly to the signature gathering firm, rather than to Sizemore directly.
Opponents.
Measure 64 is opposed by the Don't Silence Our Voice committee. It is also opposed by the Defend Oregon Coalition, which opposed all of Bill Sizemore's 2008 ballot initiatives.
Don't Silence Our Voice describes itself as "a broad coalition of community advocates, charities, and labor organizations committed to protecting the voices of all Oregonians." 
The official Oregon voter's pamphlet has arguments in opposition from the United Way, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, the Oregon PTA, the Oregon Education Association, the League of Women Voters, and the Oregon State Council of Fire Fighters, among others.
Donors opposing Measure 64.
The Oregon Nurses Association donated $500,000 to the campaign against the proposal. 
Defend Oregon, as a committee, is fighting seven different ballot measures, and supporting two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign warchest is going specifically to defeat Measure 59. Altogether, the group has raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 include:
Petition drive history.
On May 13, 2008, the Oregon Secretary of State announced that according to an unofficial verification conducted by their office, supporters of the measure had turned in 87,348 valid signatures, slightly more than the 82,769 required. This represented a validity rate of 66% of the 132,347 signatures turned in. Democracy Direct was hired to collect signatures for the measure,
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Secretary of State Bill Bradbury said, "…most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." A lawsuit has been filed in federal court challenging the constitutionality of the new laws governing the initiative process in Oregon.
External links.
Basic information.
Note:: "This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 64

</doc>
<doc id="19947051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947051" title="Streetcorner">
Streetcorner

A streetcorner or street corner is the location which lies adjacent to an intersection of two roads. Such locations are important in terms of local planning and commerce, usually being the locations of street signs and lamp posts, as well as being a prime spot to locate a business due to visibility and accessibility from traffic going along either of the adjacent streets. One source suggests that this is so for a facility combining two purposes, like an automotive showroom that provides repair services as well: "For all these types of buildings, property on a street corner is most desirable as separate entrances are most easily provided for."
Due to this visibility streetcorners are the choice location for activities ranging from panhandling to prostitution to protests to petition signature drives, hence the term "street-corner politics". This makes streetcorners a good location to observe human activity, for purposes of learning what environmental structures best fit that activity. Sidewalks at streetcorners tend to be rounded, rather than coming to a point, for ease of traffic making turns at the intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="19947058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947058" title="Sofia Wistam">
Sofia Wistam

Sofia Wistam (born 15 May 1966, Lidingö, Stockholm County, Sweden) is a Swedish television host on TV4 and TV3 and radio talk-show host. She has also worked as a stylist for stars such as Carola, Jerry Williams and Tommy Nilsson. In 2008, she was also a judge on the talent show "Sweden's Got Talent", during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM.
During 2009, Wistam hosted the competition show "Wipeout" on Swedish television.
Wistam is currently a contestant in Let's Dance 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19947076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947076" title="TV2000">
TV2000

TV2000 is an Italy-based broadcasting network that carries Roman Catholic-themed programming, available on digital terrestrial television in Italy and owned by the Italian Episcopal Conference.
Launched as "Sat 2000" in 1998 and so renamed in 2009, it is broadcast in Italy on DTT channel 28 on mux "Rai 2".

</doc>
<doc id="19947077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947077" title="Reicher">
Reicher

Reicher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947079" title="Henriksen">
Henriksen

Henriksen is a Scandinavian patronymic surname, meaning son of Henrik. Alternative spellings are Henricksen and Henrichsen.
People named "Henriksen" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19947094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947094" title="Mark Wallace">
Mark Wallace

Mark D. Wallace is an American businessman, former diplomat and lawyer who has served in a variety of government, political and private sector posts. He served in several positions during the administration of President George W. Bush, including as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, Representative for UN Management and Reform. 
He is currently the CEO of Tigris Financial and CEO of United Against Nuclear Iran (UANI).
Political career.
Prior to government service, Wallace was a practicing commercial litigation attorney in Miami, Florida. He began his political career under Florida Governor Jeb Bush and was active in his election campaigns in 1994, 1998 and 2002.
In 2000 Wallace played a key role working for then Governor George W. Bush's legal team in the decisive Florida recount in 2000 where he served as counsel to the campaign in Florida and was a spokesman for the legal team in various national media outlets. Wallace was portrayed in the HBO movie "Recount" for his role in the disputed presidential contest.
During President Bush's administration from 1999 to 2003 Wallace served in a variety of federal government general counsel positions. At the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), he oversaw and managed all aspects of the FEMA Office of General Counsel, and acted as counsel to the FEMA-led New York and World Trade Center recovery effort in the wake of the 2001 September 11 attacks. He also served as the general counsel of the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), during the INS' transition from the DOJ into the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) as part of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 reorganization. After the reorganization Wallace served as the first principal legal advisor to the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and to the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services for the Department of Homeland Security.
In 2003, Wallace joined President George W. Bush's reelection campaign as the deputy campaign manager. In addition to his day-to-day responsibilities of assisting in the management of the national campaign, Wallace was the campaign's lead liaison to the Republican National Convention, the campaign's representative in debate negotiations, and led the campaign's debate team at each of the Presidential and Vice-Presidential debates.
In February 2013, Wallace publicly supported legal recognition for same-sex marriage in an amicus brief submitted to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
UN Ambassadorship.
In 2005 President Bush nominated Wallace to serve in the United States Department of State, United States Mission to the United Nations as Ambassador, U.S. Representative for UN Management and Reform and Alternative Representative of the United States to Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations. The Senate confirmed his appointment in 2006.
During his tenure as Ambassador to the United Nations, Wallace most notably sought to uncover corruption in UN programs in such places as North Korea and Burma. He exposed the "Cash for Kim" corruption scandal in North Korea, revealing, among other issues, that the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) had funneled millions of dollars in hard currency to North Korea without assurance that North Korea's dictatorship would use the money to help the North Korean people instead of diverting it to illicit activities including the country's illegal nuclear program. Wallace accused the program of being "systematically perverted for the benefit of the Kim Jong Il regime" and the media drew parallels between UNDP's corruption in North Korea and the Oil-for-Food scandal in Iraq several years earlier. "The Wall Street Journal" wrote that the finding of the Cash for Kim investigation "vindicates" Wallace, "who led the charge for transparency at UNDP."
In addition he led the U.S. delegation's "no" vote against using UN money to pay for the 2009 "Durban II" conference, describing it as "noxious to my country and a disgrace in the International Community." He further opposed the 2008–2009 UN Biennium Budget for its "ad hoc" and "piecemeal" approach that ensured spending increases in the UN general budget that far outpaced the general budget increases of member states.
While at the UN, Wallace also launched the UN Transparency and Accountability Initiative that focused on eight areas of reform related to member states' access to UN financial documents, ethics, financial disclosure, oversight mechanisms, IPSAS accounting standards and administrative overhead.
Upon his departure from the U.S. State Department, "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board compared Wallace to a list of "distinguished" Americans who tried to make the United Nations live up to its original ideals including Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Jeane Kirkpatrick and John Bolton. The opinion piece noted that although Wallace was unpopular with some officials who didn’t want to risk their engagement with North Korea over corruption, "he's the one who had it right."
2008 U.S. presidential campaign.
During the 2008 presidential campaign Wallace was a senior advisor to Senator John S. McCain. In that role, he led the debate preparation team for Senator McCain's running mate, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. After the debate, "The New York Times" commented that Governor Palin's debate performance against Democrat Joe Biden "exceeded expectations in this highly anticipated face-off, though those expectations were low after she had stumbled in recent television interviews." Wallace was portrayed in the HBO movie "Game Change" by actor Ron Livingston for his work on the McCain campaign.
Current work.
Wallace currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Tigris Financial Group, a New York City-based investment, advisory and asset management firm that focuses on natural resources and the natural resources sector through its Electrum Group of Companies. In that capacity, he headed the transaction team for Silver Opportunity Partners in its acquisition of Idaho's historic Sunshine Mine. Regarding that acquisition, Wallace told "Bloomberg Businessweek", "It was no doubt a complicated and risky transaction. Through our expertise, we were able to minimize the risk involved, resolve litigation, and reunite the patchwork and fractured ownership interests that inhibited the mine and limited its value over the last decade." In 2011, Sunshine Silver Mines filed its S1 with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission describing its intention to go public on the NYSE and TSX.
Wallace's work with Electrum has included leading its investment and operational entry into the Polish mineral sector through Śląsko Krakowska Kompania Górnictwa Metali Sp. z o.o. (SKKGM) and Amarante Investments S.p. z.o.o. (Amarante). In 2011, SKKGM commenced a drilling program at its Bolesławiec-Iłowa and Osiecznica-Nowiny concessions in Lower Silesia and at its concession near Myskow. Also in 2011, Amarante announced its application to the Polish government for nine concessions for mineral exploration in and near Wroclaw and Kobierzyce. In relation to their work in Poland, Wallace was quoted as saying that the Group's team hopes "to make discoveries of copper, tungsten and silver in Poland." In the same article, Wallace stated that gold, due to the uncertain business environment, has "practically become a currency again," and that the Group's belief that supply and demand fundamentals would continue to be the key economic driver for copper, silver and other metals.
Wallace has also attempted to secure the necessary regulatory approvals and community support for Electrum's efforts to explore its Paramount mine claims in eastern California's Bodie Wilderness Study Area. Wallace spoke for Electrum's Cougar Gold subsidiary at a February 2011 meeting in California. There, he explained that additional exploratory drilling in the area cannot occur until the Wilderness Study Area designation is removed. In an August 2011 "Wall Street Journal" article, Wallace described the Bodie dispute as "'the tip of the spear' in a growing national debate over balancing conservation and resource extraction." In the "Los Angeles Times" he described the great potential of Paramount. "A lot of us are quite fond of the people there. This could be a real success story."
Also as part of his work with Electrum, Wallace serves on the board of directors of Niocan Inc., a Canadian TSX listed company whose Quebec mining assets focus on niobium and iron ore.
United Against Nuclear Iran.
Wallace also serves as Chief Executive Officer of United Against Nuclear Iran (UANI), a bipartisan non-profit dedicated to prevent Iran from producing nuclear weapons. Wallace founded UANI in 2008 alongside former CIA Director R. James Woolsey, the late Richard Holbrooke and Dennis Ross. Under Wallace, UANI and its Advisory Board has grown to include prominent foreign policy experts such as Graham Allison, Les Gelb and Fouad Ajami, and former government officials including former U.S. Homeland Security Advisor Fran Townsend, former Mossad Chief Meir Dagan, former head of the German Intelligence Service Dr. August Hanning, and former head of the British MI6 Chief Sir Richard Dearlove, among others.
Since its founding, Wallace has led UANI in dozens of successful business and corporate campaigns that have called on such multinational firms as General Electric, Huntsman, Caterpillar, Ingersoll Rand, Porsche, Hyundai, Fiat, Royal Dutch Shell, Terex and Siemens to end their business dealings in Iran. Wallace and UANI led the first successful campaign to convince a Chinese company to end its work in Iran. After various discussions between Wallace, UANI and Huawei, the company announced that it was scaling back its business in Iran. The decision by Huawei and the role of UANI was prominently featured in the news media including "The Wall Street Journal", the "Financial Times" and Reuters. In "The Wall Street Journal" piece, Wallace was quoted saying of the decision: "This is a significant milestone. For the first time a major Chinese business is pulling back from Iran in the face of mounting international scorn for Iran's brutal regime."
Wallace and UANI launched a campaign calling on SWIFT to terminate its relationships with Iran’s banks and financial institutions, arguing that SWIFT was in violation of U.S. and EU sanctions by affording Iranian banks BICs and access to SWIFT and, therefore, access to the international financial system. Subsequently, SWIFT announced that it would comply with new EU sanctions and cease providing messaging services to sanction designated Iranian banks. "It's a good positive step forward and it will cause real difficulties for the regime," said Wallace. SWIFT's decision and UANI's campaign were extensively covered in media outlets around the world.
UANI and Wallace have pursued a successful "Auto Campaign" that has focused on the lucrative Iranian automobile industry. UANI has called on international automobile manufactures to leave Iran including, among others, Nissan, Fiat, Peugeot, GM and Hyundai. Every year, UANI launches its annual Hotels Campaign, calling on all New York area hotels and venues to refuse to host President Ahmadinejad and the Iranian delegation during the United Nations’ annual meeting in New York City.
Wallace and UANI have authored and/or supported a variety of federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives designed to enhance Iran's economic isolation. Their model legislation has been incorporated into both federal bills and state bills, including the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (CISADA), the Iran Transparency and Accountability Act (ITAA), the Iran Financial Sanctions Improvement Act of 2012 (H.R. 4179 as introduced by Chairwoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Congressman Brad Sherman), California's Iran Contracting Act of 2010 (AB1650) and New York's Iran Divestment Act of 2011 (A08668) among others. In May 2012, Wallace along with Meir Dagan, August Hanning, R. James Woolsey, Lord Charles Guthrie and Kristen Silverberg co-authored an op-ed in "The Wall Street Journal" calling for "the most robust sanctions against Iran in history" as a means "for the international community to truly isolate the regime." Wallace described a proposed strategy to implement such sanctions during testimony before the U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs on 17 May 2012 by proposing legislation focused on four areas, namely Banking, Insurance and Reinsurance, Disclosure and Debarment and Shipping (UANI BIDS) in order to achieve an "economic blockade" of Iran.
Wallace is a frequent media contributor and op-ed author and has been featured in news outlets around the world including "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times", the "Financial Times", CNN, Fox News, "The Huffington Post", the "New York Post", and CNBC. In an October 2012 profile on UANI in NBC News by chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel and Robert Windrem, Wallace stated, "Our message is clear: You have to choose between doing business with our checkbook or their checkbook—with the reality being we're the biggest checkbook in the world. Notwithstanding the purported demise of the United States, we're still the biggest checkbook in the world."
Wallace also serves on the Board of Advisors of the Nonproliferation Policy Education Center.
Personal life.
Wallace attended the University of Miami, where he received both his Bachelor's and law degrees. He is married to Nicolle Wallace, a "New York Times" best-selling novelist and political commentator who served as President George W. Bush’s communications director and senior advisor to Senator John McCain’s 2008 presidential bid.

</doc>
<doc id="19947105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947105" title="Re a Company (No 001418 of 1988)">
Re a Company (No 001418 of 1988)

Re a Company (No 001418 of 1988) BCC 526 is a UK insolvency law case, on the offence of fraudulent trading under s.213 of the Insolvency Act 1986.
Facts.
The company had exceeded its overdraft limit and fallen behind in payments for PAYE, National Insurance contributions, VAT and debts to creditors (totalling around £212,618). Nevertheless Mr Barford, the company's director and majority shareholder, paid himself an increasingly high salary in the very years that debts were mounting to creditors.
Judgment.
Judge Bromley Q.C. held that Mr Barford was guilty of fraudulent trading. He ordered £156,420 be contributed for the debts and liabilities, containing a compensatory element for the debts that were part of the fraudulent trading and a punitive element of £25,000 (following "R v. Grantham" QB 675). He held there was "real moral blame" in continuing the company's trading when there was no reason to think that the company could pay its debts as they fell due. 

</doc>
<doc id="19947108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947108" title="Tony Currie (broadcaster)">
Tony Currie (broadcaster)

Tony Currie (born 1951) is a Scottish continuity announcer for BBC Scotland.
He began working in radio at KPFK Radio in Los Angeles in 1972 before joining Scotland's first independent local radio station, Radio Clyde, a year later as the first voice on air. In April 1976, he joined Scottish Television as a continuity announcer, after freelancing at the station as a trail voiceover. He became chief announcer, reading news round-ups within the nightly regional news programme, "Scotland Today".
After leaving Scottish in January 1987, he became Controller of Programmes for the Cable Authority and latterly, cable programming controller for the Independent Television Commission. After a spell as chief executive of "AsiaVision", he set up the Irish satellite television station Tara Television as director of programmes before becoming chairman and chief executive of "Cambridge Cafe Radio".
Currie is a television continuity announcer and transmission director for BBC Scotland television, and has occasionally presented and produced an overnight strand, "Nightshift". As a continuity announcer, he was the first person to broadcast from the Corporation's new headquarters at Pacific Quay, Glasgow. He is also the managing director of an internet radio station, Radio Six International, presenting various weekly shows including "The Tony Currie Show", "The Lively Lounge" and "The Recur Records Show".
In 1993, Currie led a failed bid for "Radio Six" to win the new regional FM licence for Central Scotland as a "24-hour news and speech station". The consortium lost out to Scot FM (now Real Radio Scotland).

</doc>
<doc id="19947117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947117" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 58 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 58 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 58 was an initiated state statute ballot measure sponsored by Bill Sizemore that appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon. It was rejected by voters.
The initiative would have required "English immersion" in Oregon's public schools. "English immersion" wasn't defined in the measure, and there is no academic consensus as to what it means.
Newspaper Endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers endorsed on the measure:
No Oregon newspapers have endorsed a yes vote on Measure 58.
Specific provisions.
The measure would limit the use of foreign language instruction in public schools to:
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 58 says:
Chief petitioner Bill Sizemore disputed the state's financial estimate, and said the measure would save education money, contending that "these kids will learn English more quickly when they are required to do so.",
Supporters.
Measure 58's chief petitioners are Bill Sizemore, Alan Grosso, and Russ Walker.
The Oregon Voters' Pamphlet has arguments in favor from Oregonians For Immigration Reform, the Marion County Republican Party, FreedomWorks, and Sizemore's Oregon Taxpayers United.
Arguments for Measure 58.
Notable arguments that have been made in favor of Measure 58 include:
Opponents.
Measure 58 is opposed by the Parents and Teachers Know Better Coalition, which describes itself as "a broad coalition of parents, teachers, and school advocates who care about Oregon's students & schools." The Parents and Teachers Know Better campaign is part of the Defend Oregon Coalition, which opposes all five of the ballot initiatives on the November 4 ballot that are sponsored by Sizemore.
Members of the coalition include Stand for Children, Oregon PTA, United Way of the Mid-Willamette Valley, Oregon Education Association, American Federation of Teachers-Oregon, Oregon School Employees Association, and the Human Services Coalition of Oregon, among others.
Arguments against Measure 58.
Notable arguments that have been made against Ballot Measure 58 include:
Donors opposed to Measure 58.
Two campaign committees opposed to Measure 58 have registered. They are Defend Oregon and the Committee to Protect Local Control of Schools (CPLCS), led by Kevin Neely, who is also the treasurer of Defend Oregon.
CPLCS reports no significant financial activity as of September 29.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, fought seven different ballot measures in 2008, and supported two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign warchest went specifically to defeat Measure 58. Altogether, the group has raised $9 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 23 include:
Path to the ballot.
What became Oregon Ballot Measure 50 started out as Oregon Initiative Petition 19; it was originally approved for petition circulation on August 30, 2006. 
The office of the Oregon Secretary of State announced on June 16, 2008 that its unofficial signature verification process showed that the initiative's supporters had turned in 83,248 valid signatures, versus a requirement of 82,769 signatures. This represented a validity rate of 66.88% calculated over the 124,476 signatures turned in.
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Bill Bradbury, the Secretary of State has said, ""...most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." The state Elections Division is currently investigating the claims.
External links.
Note:: "This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 58

</doc>
<doc id="19947145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947145" title="Gentleman of the Horse">
Gentleman of the Horse

Gentleman of the Horse was a position in the stables department of the British Royal Court, subordinate only to the Master of Horse. It occurs from 1693 until abolished in 1782, with a salary of £256.
The post was revived in 1828, with a salary of £500. The title of the post was subsequently changed to Crown Equerry.
List of Gentlemen of the Horse.
Before 1782.
"Post abolished in 1782"
After 1828.
"Post revived in 1828"

</doc>
<doc id="19947147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947147" title="Israeli legislative election, 2009">
Israeli legislative election, 2009

Elections for the 18th Knesset were held in Israel on 10 February 2009. These elections became necessary due to the resignation of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert as leader of the Kadima party, and the failure of his successor, Tzipi Livni, to form a coalition government. Had Olmert remained in office or had Livni formed a coalition government, the elections would have been scheduled for 2010 instead.
Although the incumbent prime minister's party, Kadima, won the most seats in the parliament, the Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu was able to form a majority coalition government and become the new prime minister.
Background.
On 17 September 2008, Kadima held a leadership election, which was won by Tzipi Livni. Following Livni's victory, former party leader Ehud Olmert (who did not run in the contest) resigned as Prime Minister. Livni was given six weeks to form a coalition, but set a deadline of 26 October for parties to agree to join the new government. 
Although the Labor Party agreed to join, current coalition members Shas rejected the opportunity, with Livni claiming that they had made "economically and diplomatically illegitimate" demands (which included a reluctance to increasing child benefits and rejecting the possible division of Jerusalem in a deal with the Palestinians). It was reported that Shas had rejected almost one billion shekels in child allowances offered to them as part of the coalition negotiations. Gil and United Torah Judaism had both rejected offers to join, whilst negotiations with Meretz-Yachad were still ongoing. On 26 October, Livni recommended to President Shimon Peres that early elections be held. 
President Peres had three days to consult on the recommendation, after which there was a period of three weeks in which other Knesset members could have offered to form an alternative coalition, but no such alternative was brought.
The election would have to be held within 90 days after the end of that period. Although Kadima submitted a bill to the Knesset on 27 October to call early elections and bypass the three-week period, Peres's announcement to the Knesset that there was no chance of forming a government meant that the full waiting period stood. Ehud Olmert was to remain the caretaker Prime Minister until a new government was formed after the elections.
The traditional distinction between the Israeli left and the right had become blurred, with both the voters and the main candidates gravitating toward the center. Israelis, who had always been highly politicized, were switching affiliations more easily. On the Palestinian front, stark differences among the parties still remained. Kadima was committed to continuing talks for a two-state solution. Labor did not believe that bilateral Israeli–Palestinian negotiations could succeed under the current circumstances and advocated a more comprehensive, regional approach to peace. Likud said it would promote an "economic peace" with the Palestinians and also hold political negotiations, although it was not clear about what.
Procedures.
Elections to the Knesset allocate 120 seats by party-list proportional representation, using the D'Hondt method. The election threshold for the 2006 election was set at 2% (up from 1.5% in previous elections), which is a little over two seats. 
After official results are published, the President delegates the task of forming a government to the member of Knesset with the best chance of assembling a majority coalition (usually the leader of the largest party, but not required). That member has up to 42 days to negotiate with the different parties, and then present his or her government to the Knesset for a vote of confidence. Once the government is approved (by a vote of at least 61 members), he or she becomes Prime Minister.
Parties.
By 23 December, a record 43 parties had registered with the parties registrar, compared to 31 for the 2006 elections, although in the end, only 34 parties submitted a list of candidates and only 33 ran on election day. On 12 January 2009, Balad and the United Arab List–Ta'al alliance were disqualified by the Central Elections Committee on the grounds that they failed to recognise Israel as a Jewish state and called for armed conflict against it. Balad and Ta'al were also disqualified from the 2003 election, but won a Supreme Court case which allowed them to run. On 21 January 2009, the Supreme Court again revoked the ban.
Alliances.
The Labor–Meimad alliance, in existence since 1999, was ended prior to the elections. Labor ran on its own, whilst Meimad ran a joint list with the new Green Movement. 
Meretz and Tnu'a HaHadasha, a new movement of left-wing activists led by Tzali Reshef, ran a joint list, with Tnua'a HaHadasha representatives getting third, seventh and eleventh spots on the alliance's list.
The anti-West Bank barrier movement Tarabut has merged into Hadash.
The religious Zionist Ahi party, previously part of the National Union alliance, merged into Likud in late December 2008. Ultra-orthodox parties Agudat Israel and Degel HaTorah agreed to continue their alliance, United Torah Judaism, for the election.
New parties.
Several political parties have been established since the 2006 elections. The first was Social Justice, founded by billionaire Arcadi Gaydamak in February 2007 (which in the end did not run in the election), whilst Yisrael Hazaka was established by the former Labor member of the Knesset, Efraim Sneh in May 2008.
After the announcement of elections in late October 2008, the Tkuma and Moledet factions of the National Union and the National Religious Party merged into a single party in early November 2008, which was later named The Jewish Home. However, the National Union was re-established after the Moledet and Tkuma factions broke away from the party and agreed an alliance with Hatikva headed by Aryeh Eldad and Eretz Yisrael Shelanu (Our Land of Israel) headed by Rabbi Sholom Dov Wolpo and Baruch Marzel.
Member of the Knesset Abbas Zakour left the United Arab List to establish the Arab Centre Party in early December 2008. However, he later joined the Balad list.
Results.
The Knesset Board of Elections released the official result:
Government formation.
On 20 February the President Shimon Peres announced that Likud's Benjamin Netanyahu would be given the task of forming a government. This is the first time in which the president had not appointed the head of the largest party for this task, although there had already been several cases in which the Prime Minister was not the head of the largest party. Such a case occurred in the 1996 elections, when Netanyahu himself was elected Prime Minister by direct vote although his Likud party won fewer seats than Shimon Peres's Labor party. Peres's motivation in nominating Netanyahu was likely based upon the judgment that Netanyahu was in a better position numerically to put together a coalition. Likud's potential partners on the political right won more seats than the parties of the centre-left, who would more likely support Kadima.
Labor and Kadima initially stated they would not join a Likud-led government, although both parties scheduled further talks. Polls at the time showed that the public supported a national unity government between Likud and Kadima, with either Yisrael Beitenu or Labor as the third senior coalition member.
On 16 March 2009, Netanyahu signed a coalition agreement with Yisrael Beitenu. Following an extension of the coalition negotiation deadline from 20 March to 3 April 2009, he then signed a coalition agreement with Shas on 22 March 2009, and on 24 March 2009 he secured the support of the Labor Party, with Labor's central committee approving the deal by 680 votes to 507. However, large parts of the party remained sceptical, accusing Ehud Barak of only being interested in his own benefits under the deal. On 25 March, the Jewish Home also joined the coalition.
On 30 March, in accordance with the Israeli Basic Law, Netanyahu informed Peres and acting Knesset speaker, Michael Eitan, that he was able to form a government and the Knesset was set to convene on 31 March 2009, in order to vote on the government in a "Vote of Confidence" and to be sworn in thereafter. The country's 32nd government was approved that day by a majority of 69 lawmakers, with United Torah Judaism joined the following day, expanding the coalition to 74 MKs.
Unity Government 2012.
On 27 March 2012, the Opposition party Kadima called for leadership primaries, pitting its leader Tzipi Livni against Shaul Mofaz. Mofaz won with 62% of the vote. Livni resigned from the Knesset in May 2012. 
Earlier, Netanyahu defeated his rival Moshe Feiglin, winning 77% of the vote in the primaries for the Likud leadership held on 31 January 2012.
On the eve of 7 May 2012, after weeks of deliberation and rumours, Netanyahu called for an early general national election and proposed September 4 as the election day, a notion which seemed inevitable. However, in a dramatic turn of events, that very night Netanyahu announced that he had forged a unity government with the Kadima Party, effectively retracting the earlier call for early elections. The next afternoon, Likud and Kadima signed a coalition agreement placing Kadima's 28 Knesset members in the government, with Mofaz appointed as Active Vice Premier (in case of Netanyahu's absence) and Minister Without Portfolio. This agreement bolstered the government to the widest government in Israel's history, with a coalition of 94 seats and an opposition of only 26. But on July 17, Kadima voted to pull out of the coalition. The coalition did, however, still have a majority of seats even without Kadima. However, the reduced coalition was now divided between nationalist groups such as Yisrael Beiteinu and Haredi groups such as Shas, which are on opposite sides of the universal draft issue. This led some commentators to suggest that the coalition's complete breakup was imminent and that new elections would take place by January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19947151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947151" title="Melaleuca halmaturorum">
Melaleuca halmaturorum

Melaleuca halmaturorum, known as Swamp Paperbark (noting that Melaleuca ericifolia and Melaleuca rhaphiophylla are also known by the common name as well), is a native tree of Western Australia, South Australia and Victoria.
Melaleuca halmaturorum is a shrub or a small, straggling tree up to 6-8m tall. It is slow-growing. Leaves are 3-7mm and flowers creamy-yellow. Rounded, cup-like seed pods of about 3-4mm are attached in clusters to leafy stems, and remain in place for several seasons. The soft, often light coloured, papery bark of the mature tree gives it its common name.
Melaleuca halmaturorum is salt tolerant, and is often found in swampy, waterlogged areas such as estuaries, coastal dunes and the fringes of salt lakes. It is often used in revegetation to remediate and stabilise saline sites.

</doc>
<doc id="19947193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947193" title="Another Perfect Day (disambiguation)">
Another Perfect Day (disambiguation)

Another Perfect Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947196" title="GNU lightning">
GNU lightning

GNU lightning is a free software library for generating assembly language code at run-time. Newly released version 2.0 supports backends for SPARC (32-bit), x86 (32- and 64-bit), MIPS, ARM, ia64, HPPA and PowerPC (32-bit).
Advantages Over Other Libraries.
The features GNU lightning provides make it useful for just-in-time compiler applications. In comparison to libraries such as LLVM or libJIT, GNU lightning provides only a low-level interface for assembling from a standardized RISC assembly language—loosely based on the SPARC and MIPS architectures—into the target architecture's machine language.
Disadvantages.
It does not provide register allocation, data-flow or control-flow analysis, or optimization.
Projects that use GNU Lightning.
Racket, GNU Smalltalk, and CLISP make use of GNU lightning for just-in-time compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="19947208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947208" title="Stefan Chwin">
Stefan Chwin

Stefan Chwin (born 11 April 1949 in Gdańsk) is a Polish novelist, literary critic, and historian of literature whose life and literary work is closely linked to his hometown. He holds a post of Literature Professor at the University of Gdansk, his professional interests are focused on romanticism.
The most well-known novel by Stefan Chwin is entitled "Hanemann" (1995). It has been translated into German, Swedish, Spanish and English; the plot of the novel is set in Gdańsk in the wake of World War II.
In 1997 he received the "Erich Brost Danzig Award" for his merits on Polish-German reconciliation.

</doc>
<doc id="19947209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947209" title="Boeing Machinists Strike of 2008">
Boeing Machinists Strike of 2008

A strike by about 27,000 machinists at Boeing over outsourcing, job security, pay, and benefits began September 7, 2008.
The union, International Association of Machinists, and Boeing appeared unwilling to compromise to settle the strike. The company had 3,700 jets on back order, which union members hoped would put pressure on Boeing to end the strike.
In late October, 2008, a tentative deal was reached between Boeing and the union, in which Boeing made a variety of small concessions:
Boeing told SPEEA engineers that the company plans less outsourcing on future airplanes, including the next 787 Dreamliner model.
On Saturday, November 1, 2008, members of the union ratified the contract, ending the eight-week strike. The new contract was approved by 74 percent of those voting in favor. This was the longest strike against Boeing by this union since 1995, and the fourth in twenty years. The strike cost the union members an average of $7000.00 in base pay and cost the company $100 million per day in revenue and penalties with a postponement of the delivery of aircraft. Boeing has a $350 billion backlog.

</doc>
<doc id="19947215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947215" title="Crossroads Caring Scotland">
Crossroads Caring Scotland

Crossroads Caring Scotland is a national charity which exists to support carers in Scotland, through the provision of respite care and other forms of practical support. The organisation was established in 1978 and began providing services during the following year.
Care staff provide relief for the carer by taking over caring responsibilities for short periods, allowing the carer to have a break from their caring role. There are 47 Crossroads services throughout Scotland, supported by the national office based in George Square, Glasgow.
History.
Crossroads owes its existence to the tea-time soap opera of the same name. A story line involving one of the programme's main characters, Sandy Richardson, saw the son of the hotel boss become paraplegic as a result of a road accident. During their research, producers consulted with local people with disabilities and found that there was little or no support for their carers - many of whom seldom received any form of break from their role. The programme makers provided a grant to establish the first ever service, in Rugby in 1974, from which a large network of similar projects grew to provide cover for much of England and Wales.
The idea of a Scottish sister organisation was first mooted in 1978 and was taken forward by Jimmy Whittle, a retired accountant and one time professional footballer with Hearts.
Crossroads Caring Scotland has no formal ties with Crossroads England and Wales.
National context.
The national organisation exists to promote, develop and enhance the services provided by a network of local services covering all but 5 Scottish local authorities. The organisation works alongside the Scottish Government and other national caring organisations. It has been involved in a series of government sponsored committees, has contributed to guidance to local authorities on carer services and was involved in the Carers Legislation Working Group which led to carers becoming identified in Scottish law as 'Key Partners in Care'.
Carers are viewed by the government as an important resource and in recent years have been given increasing recognition in health and social care policy. Since devolution in 1999 legislation and policy for caregivers has been developed by the former Scottish Executive (now Scottish Government).
Carers in Scotland are regarded as ‘partners’ in the provision of care. As a result, support services provided to carers are regarded as part of the overall package of care to the person being looked after. This means that carers are not seen as service users and are therefore not responsible for the cost of any service provided. The exception to this is when a carer is looking after their partner; in that situation their income may be taken into account during a financial assessment.
This situation is different from that which exists in England where carers are viewed as services users in their own right and as such are liable for the cost of services provided. Yet, in many cases, it is not the carer who actually needs the service; it is the person being cared for who needs it because of their illness or disability.

</doc>
<doc id="19947218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947218" title="Andrew Mitchell (outside left)">
Andrew Mitchell (outside left)

Andrew Mitchell (1879—after 1899) was a Scottish footballer. An outside left, he first played for Albion Rovers before transferring to Woolwich Arsenal in 1898. He made his debut against Luton Town on 3 September 1898 and scored the winning goal in a 1-0 win. He played ten league games in 1898–99, but soon fell out of favour and left the club at the end of that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19947225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947225" title="Streamline (Lenny White album)">
Streamline (Lenny White album)

Streamline is the fourth studio album by drummer Lenny White, released in 1978 through Elektra Records and reissued in 2002 through Wounded Bird Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19947226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947226" title="France national under-19 football team">
France national under-19 football team

The France national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. They were the 2010 champions of the competition having won on home soil. The under-19 team also contests the qualification matches needed to play in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, though the competition is classified as an under-20 tournament.
France have won the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship twice in 2005 and 2010. In 2005, striker Abdoulaye Baldé was awarded the Golden Player award. However, of the twenty-one players that played on the 2005 championship-winning team, only three of them have played in the senior team of France; goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and midfielders Abou Diaby and Yoann Gourcuff. Two players, Djamel Abdoun and Moussa Sow, have played for other national teams for which they were eligible. In 2010, the team was crowned champions on home soil after defeating Spain 2–1 in the final in Caen. Gaël Kakuta was named the tournament's Golden Player.
The 2012–13 international under-19 campaign will begin in August 2012 and will end following the conclusion of the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. The current under-19 team is coached by Francis Smerecki, a former football player, notably with Le Mans and Limoges. Prior to coaching for the French Football Federation, he had domestic coaching tenures at USL Dunkerque, En Avant de Guingamp, and AS Nancy. In the 2010–11 season, Smericki coached the under-19 team to victory at the 2010 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and led the under-20 team to a fourth place finish at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup. The current captain of the team is Auxerre defender Raphaël Calvet.
Players.
Current squad.
"Caps and goals are as current as the squad's previous match against Portugal on 16 October 2012. Some of these players play for their club's reserve team."
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
Recent callups.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
Results.
Friendly
2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship First Round qualification
Friendly
Last updated: 12 November 2012<br>Source: French Football Federation U-19 Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="19947239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947239" title="Goff Creek Lodge">
Goff Creek Lodge

The Goff Creek Lodge is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest on the east entrance road to Yellowstone National Park. The ranch was probably established "circa" 1910 by Tex Kennedy. Built in typical dude ranch style with a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins, its period of significance extends from 1929 to 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19947242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947242" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 59 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 59 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 59 was an initiated state statute ballot measure sponsored by Bill Sizemore that appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon. If it had passed, Oregon would have join Alabama, Iowa, and Louisiana as the only states to allow federal income taxes to be fully deducted on state income tax returns.
Background.
Official Ballot Title.
The official ballot title is: "Creates an unlimited deduction for federal income taxes on individual taxpayers' Oregon income-tax returns."
History.
This is the third time Sizemore has put a similar measure on the ballot. In 2000, he qualified Measure 91, which would have made federal income taxes fully deductible on state taxes. It lost 55–45, but a legislative referral that increased limited state deductions of federal taxes passed. In 2007, the limit on federal deductions was $5,600 — it increases each year indexed to inflation.
In 2006, Sizemore associate Russ Walker introduced Measure 41, which would have allowed "income tax deduction equal to federal exemptions deduction to substitute for state exemption credit." It failed 73–37.
Along with Measures 60 and 64, Measure 59 is one of the three initiatives on the 2008 ballot that Sizemore has brought to the ballot in the past.
Newspaper Endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on Measure 59:
No Oregon newspapers have endorsed a yes vote on Measure 59.
Specific provisions of the initiative.
The ballot title is "An Act to Prohibit Double Taxation". Specific provisions include:
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 58 says:
Other fiscal estimates.
The Oregon Center for Public Policy (OCPP) issued a separate financial impact study. Features of their report:
Proponents.
Bill Sizemore, Timothy R. Trickey and R. Russell Walker are the measure's chief petitioners.
The committee that put Measure 59 on the ballot was called "Stop the Double Tax". There is no committee currently supporting the ballot measure.
Donors supporting Measure 59.
"The Oregonian" reported in September 2007 that Nevada millionaire Loren Parks was the leading contributor to the effort to put Measure 59 and other measures on the ballot. According to the newspaper, Parks gave money directly to the signature gathering firm, rather than to Sizemore directly. A court injunction stemming from a 2000 fraud case prevents Sizemore from spending money directly on politics, although he told Oregon Public Broadcasting in May 2008 that he "found a way to put the measures on the ballot and give voters those choices without me actually handling the money. And so I’m still able to put measures on the ballot, I just have to do it in a sort of round-about way."
Opponents.
Measure 59 is opposed by the Defend Oregon, which includes the American Heart Association, 1000 Friends of Oregon, AARP Oregon, Children First for Oregon, and others.
Arguments against Measure 59.
Notable arguments that have been made against Measure 59 include:
Donors opposing Measure 59.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, is fighting seven different ballot measures, and supporting two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign spending is going specifically to defeat Measure 58. Altogether, the group has raised $9 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 23 include:
Petition drive history.
The office of the Oregon Secretary of State announced on June 16, 2008 that its unofficial signature verification process showed that the initiative's supporters had turned in 83,136 valid signatures, versus a requirement of 82,769 signatures. This represented a validity rate of 64.76% calculated over the 128,380 signatures turned in. The measure formally qualified for the ballot on August 2.,
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Bill Bradbury, the Secretary of State has said, ""...most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." The state's Election Division is investigating the charges.,
External links.
Note:: "This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 59

</doc>
<doc id="19947249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947249" title="Turkey national under-19 football team">
Turkey national under-19 football team

The Turkey national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Turkey and is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year. The Under-19 UEFA tournament originally began as the FIFA Junior Tournament between 1948-54. It has since been renamed a number of times, most notably referred to as the UEFA European U-18 Championship between 1981-2001. The tournament was renamed as the UEFA European U-19 Championship in 2002, but importantly the overall statistics are collated from 1948. In addition, every even year, the top six teams from the respective UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship compete in the FIFA U-20 World Cup the following year.
Individual awards.
In addition to team victories, Turkish players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Current squad.
"*Some of these players play for their club's reserve team."

</doc>
<doc id="19947273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947273" title="Lê Nguyên Vỹ">
Lê Nguyên Vỹ

Brigadier General Lê Nguyên Vỹ (22 August 1933, Son Tay - 30 April 1975) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
Education.
In 1951, he graduated from the officers candidate course in the Regional Military School, Military Region II at Phu Bai near Huế.
Military service.
He was the commander of 5th Infantry Division at Lai Khe. He was born in Son Tay province, North Vietnam. As a deputy Commander of the 5th Infantry, He fought fiercely during the siege of Battle of An Lộc and later was promoted to the CO of the division.
On April 30, 1975, after receiving the order to surrender, he committed suicide at 11:00 AM, at the division headquarters in Lai Khe.

</doc>
<doc id="19947277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947277" title="Revenge of the Stolen Stars">
Revenge of the Stolen Stars

Revenge of the Stolen Stars is a 1985 American comedy film directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19947282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947282" title="Spain national under-19 football team">
Spain national under-19 football team

The Spain national under-19 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain.
Competitive Record.
UEFA European Under-19 Championship Record.
"*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks."
Individual awards.
In addition to team victories, Spanish players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Players.
Top Appearances.
Note: "Club(s)" represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-19s.
Top Goalscorers.
Note: "Club(s)" represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-19s.
Current squad.
"*Please note some of these players play for their club's reserve team."

</doc>
<doc id="19947344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947344" title="Conrado del Campo">
Conrado del Campo

Conrado del Campo (28 October 1878 – 17 March 1953) was a composer, violinist and professor at the Real Conservatorio de Música in Madrid, who was the principal conductor of the Madrid Symphony Orchestra.His was works played in the Theathre Real of Madrid for José María Alvira. His opera "Lola la Piconera" made its debut at the Gran Teatre del Liceu, Barcelona, December 12, 1952. He was a major figure in the conservative musical climate of Franco's Spain, writing in a Late Romantic style. Since his death his music has fallen into comparative oblivion.
He was born in Madrid, which is also where he died.
Among his pupils were Salvador Bacarisse, Julián Bautista, and Fernando Remacha.
Selected works.
Del Campo's characteristic symphonic music takes the form of evocative tone poems.

</doc>
<doc id="19947358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947358" title="De Toppers">
De Toppers

The (De) Toppers are a Dutch music group.
History.
The group was formed in 2005 by Dutch singers Gordon, René Froger and Gerard Joling. In 2008, Joling was replaced by Jeroen van der Boom. 
The (De) Toppers were announced as the representatives of their country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia with the song "Shine". They competed in the second semi-final but failed to reach the final.
Shortly after Eurovision in 2009, Gordon left The (De) Toppers. However, on December 2 it was announced that both Gerard Joling and Gordon will return to The (De) Toppers. They performed in May 2010.
Controversy.
The group made news by member Gordon threatening to boycott the final of Eurovision 2009 if a gay parade, that was scheduled to take place on the same day in Moscow, was violently beaten down. However, the group's failure to qualify for the final left this threat redundant.

</doc>
<doc id="19947367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947367" title="Ulosonic acid">
Ulosonic acid

An ulosonic acid is a sugar acid obtained by the oxidation of the 1-hydroxyl group of a ketose to a carboxylic acid, creating an alpha-keto acid. An example of an ulosonic acid is 3-Deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="19947375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947375" title="Belazariškiai">
Belazariškiai

Belazariškiai is a village in the Ukmergė district municipality, Lithuania, on the River Neris. According to the 2001 census, its population was 58. 
History.
Belazariškiai used to belong to the landed estate of the Polish noble family of Tekla Przecławska. From 1923 to 1939 the village was located in Wiłkomierz county in Wilno Voivodeship, north-eastern Second Polish Republic. 
After the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland in September 1939 the village was transferred to Lithuania according to the Soviet–Lithuanian Mutual Assistance Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="19947381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947381" title="Villa DeSales (Aquasco, Maryland)">
Villa DeSales (Aquasco, Maryland)

Villa DeSales, built in 1877-1878, is a large five-by-three bay, three-story frame High Victorian Gothic dwelling with a two-story south service wing, located at Aquasco, Prince George's County, Maryland. The historic home is significant for its architectural character which includes a complex of six 19th century outbuildings. This architectural style is an unusual one in Southern Maryland, an area heavily agricultural historically. The large size of the house, the decorative slate roof, amount and variety of cornice and gable trusses, brackets, and pendants; and the well preserved interior with original Gothic Revival-style lighting fixtures and parlor and bedroom furnishings make the house exceptional. In the rear yard are seven domestic and agricultural outbuildings in good condition. The stable is the only High Victorian Gothic barn or stable in Prince George's County. 
Villa DeSales was built for George Forbes (1844-1931) and his wife, Fanny Bowling Forbes (1853-1929), near her family home in Aquasco. The Bowling and Forbes families were large landowners in southern Prince George's and neighboring Charles County, Maryland during the 19th century.
Villa DeSales was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19947395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947395" title="Misztal">
Misztal

Misztal is a Polish surname, and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947406" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 60 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 60 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 60 was an initiated state statute ballot measure filed by Bill Sizemore and R. Russell Walker. Sizemore referred to it the "Kids First Act." The measure appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon.
The goal of the initiative was to create a new Oregon state statute mandating that only "classroom performance" — not seniority, additional duties, qualifications, advanced degrees, or additional training — would determine teachers' pay raises. It would also mandate that the "most qualified" teachers be retained under employment, replacing seniority as a major consideration. "Classroom performance" and "most qualified" are not defined by the measure.
This is the second time Sizemore has placed a similar measure on the ballot. Measure 95 in 2000 was defeated 65–35.
The official ballot title for Measure 60 was: "Teacher "classroom performance", not seniority, determines pay raises; "most qualified" teachers retained, regardless of seniority."
Newspaper Endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on the measure:
Specific provisions in the initiative.
The language of the proposed statute is:
Note: "Classroom performance" and "most qualified" are not defined in the measure. 
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 60 says:
Supporters.
Preserve Our Best Teachers was the name of the committee sponsoring the original initiative. There is no committee filed to support the ballot measure.
The Oregonian reported in September 2007 that Nevada millionaire Loren Parks was the leading contributor to Measure 60. 
Randall J. Pozdena, Ph.D., of the Cascade Policy Institute, authored a commentary that argued, "Absent serious structural reforms such as school-level competition, paying for performance in the classroom may be the best way to stimulate higher academic achievement among our K-12 public school students."
Opposition.
Measure 60 is opposed by the Parents and Teachers Know Better Coalition, which describes itself as "a broad coalition of parents, teachers, and school advocates who care about Oregon's students & schools." The Parents and Teachers Know Better campaign is part of the Defend Oregon Coalition, which opposes all five of the ballot initiatives on the 2008 ballot measures that are sponsored by Sizemore.
Members of the coalition include Stand for Children, Oregon PTA, United Way of the Mid-Willamette Valley, Oregon Education Association, American Federation of Teachers-Oregon, Oregon School Employees Association, and the Human Services Coalition of Oregon, among others.
Arguments against Measure 60.
Notable arguments made against Measure 60 include:
Donors opposing Measure 60.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, is fighting seven different ballot measures, and supporting two others. Altogether, the group has raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 include:
Petition drive history.
Initiative Petition 20 was originally approved for circulation on August 30, 2006, and the signatures were turned in in July. 83,724 signatures were found to be valid of those submitted, versus a qualification threshold of 82,769.
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Bill Bradbury, the Secretary of State has said, "...most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." The state Elections Division is currently investigating the charges.
External links.
Note:: "This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 60

</doc>
<doc id="19947433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947433" title="Street Corner (1929 film)">
Street Corner (1929 film)

Street Corner (1929) is a black-and-white short film starring Josef Swickard and Henry B. Walthall, and directed by Russell Birdwell.

</doc>
<doc id="19947439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947439" title="Al Veigel">
Al Veigel

Allen Francis Veigel (January 30, 1917 – April 8, 2012) was a Major League Baseball starting pitcher, born in Dover, Ohio, who played for the Boston Bees during the season. Listed at 6' 1", 180 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
In a one-season career, Veigel posted a 0-1 record with a 6.75 ERA in two appearances, giving up six runs (four unearned) on three hits and five walks while striking out one in 2 ⅔ innings of work. 

</doc>
<doc id="19947450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947450" title="C.O.R.E. (video game)">
C.O.R.E. (video game)

C.O.R.E. is a first-person shooter video game that was released in Europe on March 27, 2009 and in North America on August 11, 2009.
Story.
The story begins in the year 2028, when a massive meteor impacts California's Mojave Desert. Over the next two decades, an underground research facility is built to examine the extraterrestrial origins and the bizarre effects that the meteor is having on the natural environment and the people who come in contact with it. The game takes place twenty years after the meteor's arrival on earth, 2048, when all communications are lost with the C.O.R.E. facility. The Special Technologies Unit, an elite unit of U.S. marines are sent in to investigate and re-establish contact. The player takes control of the marine Jason Crane. Crane fights his way through several levels when most of his fellow soldiers are killed or mutated, including his captain. In the main laboratories, Crane discovers ARG radiation, which is capable of speeding up chemical reactions or slowing them down to an "almost lack of existence." Once Crane reaches the command center, he encounters and kills Colonel R. Nightley. Nightley then sets off a self-destruct protocol and destroys the facility. Crane is able to escape into the service tunnels and makes his way to a cave system. At the end of the caves, he finds the meteor that crashed twenty years earlier. His weapons are absorbed by the meteor and Crane is teleported inside of it. The meteor turns out to be an alien ship. Several of the occupants come out of stasis and restore power to the ship. Crane however manages to destroy the ship's core and escape. After completion of the game an epilogue is viewed that shows that Crane is watching as the alien ship lifts out of the ground. It then shows that there are thousands of other ships emerging all over the world. The game ends on a note that, "and so the war begins," implying a possible sequel.
Multiplayer.
The multiplayer game mode allows the players play as an orange, green, blue, or red teams. The game modes are team arena, team death match, capture the flag, and free for all.
Weapons.
The game includes 8 different weapons: a pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, plasma rifle, beam rifle, shock rifle, rocket launcher, and an unspecified weapon. The game has jumping, full-scale 360 degree movement/view and alternate fire modes for some of the weapons.
Reception.
The game received generally negative reviews upon release and has a Metacritic score of 44/100 based on 16 reviews. Tom Mc Shea, writing for GameSpot, gave the game a 3.5/10 citing poor level design, controls, and combat.

</doc>
<doc id="19947465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947465" title="Penguin Robot">
Penguin Robot

The Penguin Robot is a bipedal robot with two directions of freedom, using two servos for walking.
It is a precision-machined 4" tall biped with an embedded BASIC Stamp 2px24 microcontroller. The Penguin walks forward with a tilt-stride action and turns by sweeping both feet on the ground in opposite directions.
Microprocessor.
The Penguin brain is based on a BS2PX24 module, which is the highest performing of all the BASIC Stamp microcontrollers, featuring the following technical specifications:
Input/Output devices.
The Penguin includes the following I/O devices:
The robot is powered by 2 CR123 batteries.
Assembling and programming.
The Penguin Robot is sold in kit, and requires a few hours to be assembled. It is not a pre-programmed toy, but rather a hobbyist robot programming platform, since it operates according to the program that the user downloads in it. However, several ready-to-run programs are freely available, released by the supplier (Parallax) and by other users on the Web.
Some of these programs allow it to sing, dance, move autonomously to North or toward the light, avoiding obstacles.

</doc>
<doc id="19947466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947466" title="Blue Demon, Jr.">
Blue Demon, Jr.

Blue Demon, Jr. (born July 19, 1966) is a Mexican luchador and professional wrestler. He is the adopted son of the legendary original Blue Demon and is the first Mexican and the second masked wrestler to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship (Abyss was the first). Blue Demon, Jr.'s real name is unknown.
Professional wrestling career.
Universal Wrestling Association.
Blue Demon Jr. won the UWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship in 1997 in Panama by defeating Black Demon. Between 1997 and 1999 .
Asistencia Asesoría y Administración.
In Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) he formed the team "Los Juniors" with La Parka, Jr., Mascara Sagrada, Jr. and Perro Aguayo, Jr.. On April 18, 1999 in Zapopan, Jalisco they won the Mexican National Atómicos Championship by defeating "Los Vatos Locos", a team of Charly Manson, May Flowers, Nygma and Picudo. On September 17, 1999 in Mexico City, D.F. they lost the championship to "Los Vipers", a team of Histeria, Maniaco, Mosco de la Merced II and Psicosis II.
Blue Demon, Jr. returned to AAA on March 3, 2013, challenging El Texano, Jr. to a match for the AAA World Heavyweight Championship. The match took place on March 17 at "Rey de Reyes" and saw El Texano, Jr. retain his title. After the match, Blue Demon, Jr. challenged El Texano, Jr. to a Mask vs. Hair "Lucha de Apuestas". On April 15, Blue Demon, Jr. announced that he had signed to become a regular member of AAA's roster. On June 16 at Triplemanía XXI, Blue Demon, Jr. defeated El Mesías to win the vacant AAA Latin American Championship.
National Wrestling Alliance.
On October 25, 2008, Demon, Jr. became the first Mexican professional wrestler, as well as first masked luchador to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship when he defeated champion Adam Pearce. His win was also the first time the title changed hands in Mexico, although not with CMLL as would have been the case before the mid-1980s (It happened in Blue Demon, Jr.'s own promotion known, NWA Mexico). The ongoing feud has Pearce protesting the loss with the NWA as his arm was under the bottom rope when he passed out from Blue Demon Jr's Single leg Boston crab. Blue Demon Jr. managed to hold onto the championship for 505 days before dropping it back to Pearce in a triple-threat match also involving Phill Shatter on March 14, 2010 at NWA New Beginnings.
Pro Wrestling Revolution.
Demon, Jr. defeated Oliver John at an NWA Mexico event at the Lucha Libre Expo in Mexico City on July 23, 2010 to capture the Pro Wrestling Revolution (PWR) Heavyweight Championship. On May 11, 2013, El Hijo del Santo and his rival, Blue Demon, Jr., joined forces to win the Pro Wrestling Revolution Tag Team Championship after defeating Brian Cage and Derek Sanders On September 6, 2013, Blue Demon, Jr. lost the PWR World Heavyweight Championship to Carly Colón in a match that also involved La Parka II. On November 13, 2013, Blue Demon, Jr. disbanded NWA Mexico and became officially affiliated with PWR.
In films and TV.
In 2007 he appeared in the film "Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy" (also known as "Mil Mascaras Resurrection"). In an episode of "¡Mucha Lucha!", a cartoon version of Blue Demon, Jr. appears as a super hero wrestler. He is also going to compete on the Mexican dancing show, Mira Quien Baila. He has a cameo in Mel Gibson's 2012 movie Get the Gringo. He also participated in "Como Dice el Dicho" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19947468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947468" title="Re Continental Assurance Co of London plc">
Re Continental Assurance Co of London plc

Re Continental Assurance Co of London plc' 2 BCLC 287; [2001 All ER (D) 229 (also, "Singer v. Beckett") is a UK insolvency law case on wrongful trading under s.214 of the Insolvency Act 1986.
Facts.
Continental Assurance plc had gone into insolvent liquidation. The liquidators submitted that the directors were guilty of wrongful trading (s.214). They had continued to trade after a crisis meeting, which should have made clear there was no reasonable prospect of coming out of insolvency. The liquidators also alleged misfeasance (s.212) through years of disorganised financial and accounting records and this was what made it difficult to tell whether the company was insolvent. Furthermore, payments to two other companies, IATA and ABTA, showed misfeasance.
Judgment.
Park J held that the liquidators had failed to show a case of wrongful trading or misfeasance. The directors' action was appropriate given their available information and advice. They had made careful considerations at the crisis meeting.
Park J also held that if the liquidators were correct about misfeasance, it would only be the finance director that was liable, not the other directors. But the misfeasance claim was in respect of breach of directors' duties to Continental Assurance, and therefore a loss had to be shown. But the payments to IATA and ABTA had caused no loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19947479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947479" title="Pham Van Phu">
Pham Van Phu

Major General Phạm Văn Phú (1927, Ha Dong, French Indochina – 30 April 1975, Saigon, North Vietnam) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He was a graduate of the 8th class of the Dalat Military Academy in 1954.
Military service.
Phu was a company commanding officer in the 5th Battalion of Vietnamese Paratroopers (5th BPVN, standing for "Bataillon de Parachutistes Vietnamiens" in French) of the Vietnam National Army during the battle of Dien Bien Phu. He was captured with the remainder of the French garrison when it surrendered to the Viet Minh on 7 May 1954. In the Army of the Republic of Vietnam, Pham served as Chief of Staff of the Special Forces, commander of the 1st Infantry Division, and director Quang Trung Training Center, before taking the command of the II Corps/Military Region II in Pleiku. 
He was the commander during the battle of Ban Me Thuot which was part of North Vietnam's "Campaign 275" to capture the Central Highlands following the victory at Phuoc Long on 6 January 1975. His troops suffered heavy losses on the way of withdrawal to the coastal areas in April 1975. He committed suicide in Saigon on 30 April 1975, the day of the fall of Saigon when the Republic of Vietnam fell to the forces of the North Vietnamese Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19947505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947505" title="Commando Leopard">
Commando Leopard

Commando Leopard () is a 1985 Italian war film (or Euro War) directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Lewis Collins. It's the second film in the Margheriti/Collins trilogy, that started with "" and concluded with "The Commander".
Plot.
In an unnamed Latin American dictatorship, a group of rebel freedom fighters fight to bring about a less oppressive society. The rebels, led by the enigmatic Enrique Carrasco (Collins) who has returned to his native land to fight, attack a hydro-electric dam. Along with Carrasco's native fighters are Smithy (Steiner), a British mercenary, and Maria, a native ex medical-student turned freedom fighter. After killing the security guards, Carrasco's men place explosives at a crucial point in the dam wall, when they blow the dam the resulting tidal surge destroys a nearby bridge that is carrying Government convoy. 
On hearing the news, the President demands the head of the secret police, Colonel Silvera (Kinski), to eliminate the rebels. Carrasco's group arrive at an impoverished village to gain medical supplies for their wounded, unfortunately the village leader informs Carrasco that there is none, but there are nearby priests that looks after the sick and wounded. Splitting his force in two, Maria leads a group including the wounded to seek out the priests while Carrasco, Smithy and the rest of the group return to the dam. After leaving the village Government forces led by Silvera's deputy (Leutenegger) attacks the village with flame thrower armed helicopters. At the site of the destroyed dam, Carrasco finds that the Government forces have already built a pontoon bridge and are recovering the sunken supply convoy. Using scuba diving equipment, Carrasco and Smithy plant time bombs on some of the still submerged trucks that carried explosives. But the two rebels can exit the river the bombs explode, the pressure wave knocks Smithy unconscious and he surfaces and is captured. Carrasco is more fortunate and escapes with the help of an elderly friend (Pigozzi) and his men, who turn up in a truck in the nick of time.
In a prison located in the country's capital, Smithy is being held with other political prisoners when he learns of a plot to free them.

</doc>
<doc id="19947511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947511" title="Classics Collection">
Classics Collection

Classics Collection contains a selection of Glen Campbell's hits from the sixties and seventies.

</doc>
<doc id="19947514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947514" title="E·K·G">
E·K·G

E·K·G is the fourth studio album by singer Edyta Górniak. It was released in Poland only.
Background.
It was her first album after her separation from EMI Music, also marking Edyta Górniak's debut as a songwriter. She wrote the lyrics for the songs "Cygańskie serce", "Błękit myśli", and the adaptation to Polish of the Céline Dion's song "I Surrender" called "List". The album was certified gold on 19 November 2007 for 15,000 sold copies and was certified platinum a few weeks later, on 5 December 2007, for sales of 45,000.
The album artwork features photos by photographer Tomasz Drezwinski.
Music video.
List.
"List" is the Polish language adaptation of Céline Dion's song "I Surrender" that appeared on her album A New Day Has Come in 2002. For the promotion of the album, a music video was made for the song “List”. The video was filmed in the Old Town of Warsaw.
List was directed by Polish director Mirosław Kuba Brożek, who had previously directed the music video for the charity single "Wystarczy chcieć". The music video is set in the early 20th century, featuring Edyta herself and a girl in the role of a young Edyta.

</doc>
<doc id="19947553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947553" title="BTEC First Diploma">
BTEC First Diploma

The BTEC First Diploma is a vocational qualification taken in England and Wales and Northern Ireland by young people aged 16 and over and by adults. The qualification is organised and awarded by the Edexcel Foundation within the BTEC brand.
Qualification Overview.
The "BTEC First Diploma" is a vocational qualification at Level 2. It is the equivalent of 4 GCSE grades A*-C.
The course is available from Edexcel and is in many different subjects. This qualification is mainly studied at further education colleges. The course is designed to give students a good grounding to progress onto the BTEC National Diploma in a related subject. 
As BTEC stands for Business & Technology Education Council, the best known subjects for the Diplomas are business and Information Technology.
The course is assessed in units of which 11-13 consist in total. Students are graded on their understanding of the unit by the grading of either a pass, merit or distinction (highest achievable). Students who wish to progress onto a BTEC National Diploma will usually need to attain merit grades or above in order to meet the entry requirements, however, this can vary depending on the college.
Level.
The First Diploma is regarded as equivalent in level to the GCSE. However some students who may have three grade Cs could progress onto a degree in a university providing that they have gained a distinction or a merit profile. 
The usual entry requirements consist of a mix of GCSE subject passes at grades D-G or better. Equivalent entry qualifications are also commonly accepted, including an appropriate BTEC Introductory Diploma with a merit grade or higher.
Subjects available.
Animal Care
Art and Design
Business
Construction
Engineering
Health and Care
IT and Computing
Land-based
Media, Music & Performing Arts
Vehicle Technology
Science
Sport
Public Services
Travel and Tourism
Progression.
Possible outcomes include:
References.
http://www.edexcel.org.uk/quals/first/
http://www.don.ac.uk/courses/full-time/full-time_courses/computers_ict/btec_first_diploma_for_it_prac.aspx
http://www.edc.ac.uk/all-courses/information-technology_44/cj20_188.html

</doc>
<doc id="19947560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947560" title="Daily News (Eden)">
Daily News (Eden)

Eden News is a bi-weekly newspaper based in Eden, North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Formally known as Eden Daily News.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19947577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947577" title="Christgau (disambiguation)">
Christgau (disambiguation)

Christgau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947605" title="Danny Schock">
Danny Schock

Daniel Patrick Schock (born December 30, 1948 in Terrace Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 20 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers. He won the Stanley Cup in 1970 with the Boston Bruins while playing only one game in the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19947609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947609" title="The Knight of the Dragon">
The Knight of the Dragon

The Knight of the Dragon (), aka Star Knight, is a 1985 Spanish adventure film directed by Fernando Colomo and starring Klaus Kinski. In this film, a knight sets out to rescue a princess from a dragon, but the dragon turns out to really be an alien spacecraft.
Release.
After the film's theatrical run in its native Spain, CineTel Films picked up the film for a U.S. theatrical release in the summer of 1986. However, the film was not released on videocassette in the U.S. until 1992, when it was released by Vidmark Entertainment. After a while, the film fell into the public domain and received numerous VHS and DVD releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19947610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947610" title="Prudence Millinery">
Prudence Millinery

Prudence, designer for Prudence Millinery, designs and makes couture hats for major designers all over the world.
A brief history.
Prudence was born in 1963 in New-York, USA. A graduate of New York's Fashion Institute of Technology and a former assistant buyer for the Associated Merchandising Corporation, she left New York and moved to London in 1986. After working as a free-lance fashion stylist, she trained for several years in couture millinery. Her hats are made in the classical manner using only traditional millinery techniques. Prudence designed her first collection for spring 1991 under her own label, Prudence Millinery, and received orders from Bergdorf Goodman and Henri Bendel both in New York. Her collaboration with Vivienne Westwood started in 1990 and she still creates today hat collections for Vivienne Westwood and for many other top designers.
Prudence and Vivienne Westwood.
In November 1990 she was asked by London designer Vivienne Westwood to create the hats for her autumn / winter 1991 collection and has been working with Vivienne ever since. She now also designs and produces couture hats for men following the success of the Vivienne Westwood MAN collections.
Yves Saint Laurent, Tom Ford, Biba, Julien MacDonald, Balenciaga, Lacoste….
Prudence designed models for Balenciaga in Paris and worked with Tom Ford at Yves Saint Laurent and Gucci. She designed and produced all the pret-a-porter hats for YSL Rive Gauche in Paris for men and women. She has also designed hats for Sir Hardy Amies, London, and for such people as
Jerry Hall, Rachel Welch, Diana Princess of Wales, Joan Collins, Hugh Grant, Lady Snowden, Linda Evangelista, Dior model Bettina, best-selling American author Nancy Friday, Duran Duran's Simon Le Bon and The Sex Pistols.
Prudence has created two collections for Balfour Hats and designed an exclusive collection for the store Le Bon Marché in Paris. In 1993 she began designing ladies' hats for Bond Street hatter Herbert Johnson and in that same year designed a spring collection for Joseph in Knightsbridge. She has worked with French sportswear label Lacoste designing and producing women's caps and bands for the spring / summer 2006 collections in New York. Prudence has been designing and making hats for French designer Charles Anastase's since autumn / winter 2007. Since spring / summer 2008, she has been designing and creating hats for Hector Castro at Biba and for Julien MacDonald She also has made hats for Swiss born designer Saro and for the London store Liberty of London.
Japan.
Prudence designs knit hats collections with Yoshikawa – boushi Inc. in Japan, which are sold throughout Japan at select United Arrows branches. She has been designing collections of hats for Weave Toshi sold exclusively at CA4LA and Test shops throughout Japan since autumn / winter 2006. She has worked in collaboration with Hankyu Department Store company in Japan, designing and creating an exclusive collection of hats for the Japanese market.
Passing on the knowledge.
Prudence has also taught couture millinery in conjunction with the Vivienne Westwood course at the Hochschule der Künste in Berlin and at Colorado State University, the Paris American Academy in Paris, the American Intercontinental University in London and at Mode Gakuen in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya. Prudence currently holds hat classes and workshops in London.
Lavazza 2008 Calendar.
Prudence also worked on the 2008 advertising campaign for Lavazza coffee. Her hats were featured in the ads for October and March in Lavazza 2008 calendar.
Awards.
In 1996, Prudence won the Best Accessories Award for the MAN couture hats by the Fashion Council of America.
Press and publications.
In May 1991, Prudence had her first international cover for Italian "Vogue" with a hat from her spring collection photographed by Steven Meisel gracing the head of supermodel Linda Evangelista. After that followed many other photographs and articles for various magazines and newspapers such as "L'Uomo Vogue", "British Vogue", "Vogue Italia", "Vanity Fair", "Elle", "W" and "Harpers & Queen".
Her work is pictured in many books, such as "VIVIENNE WESTWOOD: 34 YEARS IN FASHION","Vivienne Westwood: An Unfashionable Life","Hats. Status, Style and Glamour"
Anna Piaggi photographed her hats for her fashion book "Fashion Algebra". In January 2009, a book was published by the V&A, "Hats : an anthology" featuring some of her hats.
Exhibitions.
Hats : Hats, An Anthology by Stephen Jones at the V&A Museum, ( Victoria & Albert Museum, Porter Gallery ) - 24 February to 10 May 2009
Vivienne Westwood : 34 years in Fashion, at the V&A Museum, ( Victoria & Albert Museum ) - This exhibition is currently travelling the world, and went to China & Japan, Tokyo, USA.
In the movies.
Prudence Millinery has created for Vivienne Westwood the hats featuring in the first movie "Sex and the City" and the recent sequel Sex and the City 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19947616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947616" title="Leslie Salt">
Leslie Salt

The Leslie Salt Company was a salt producing company located in the San Francisco Bay Area, at the current locations of Newark, Hayward and other parts of the bay. They produced salt using salt evaporation ponds on the shores of the San Francisco Bay. By the 1940s, Leslie Salt had become the largest private land owner in the Bay Area. By 1959, they were producing more than one million tons of salt annually, on over 26,000 acres of bay salt ponds They were purchased by Cargill in 1978. 

</doc>
<doc id="19947620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947620" title="Bevy">
Bevy

Bevy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947654" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
17 competitors were entered. The top two finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others were relegated to the semifinals. 
Semifinals.
Two semifinals were held with the top two finishers of each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advancing to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 4.
Doktor won his second gold medal by making his move at the 350 meter mark. Defending Olympic champion Bukhalov's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.

</doc>
<doc id="19947661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947661" title="George Faith">
George Faith

Earl George Lawrence (born 1946, Rae Town, died 2003), also known as George Faith, Earl George, and George Earl, was a Jamaican reggae singer best known for his work in the 1970s with producers such as Lee "Scratch" Perry and Bunny Lee.
Biography.
Lawrence was the son of a barber and a factory cook. His singing talent was first noted as a member of the school choir. He made his recording debut in 1970 with "See Me," produced by Clancy Eccles. In the early 1970s he worked with singer/producer Glen Lee, recording "Green Hills, I Won't Cry" and "Gonna Give Her All The Love I've Got". During the mid-1970s he was approached by Lee Perry, who ran a record shop a few doors away from Lee's studio, and under the name "George Earl" recorded a cover of William Bell's "To Be A Lover". This was followed by "Soulful Lover", "Since I Met You Baby" and "Island In The Sun" for producer Lloyd Campbell, and "Love Is Something", "So Many Ways" and "Love Depression" for Phil Pratt. 
Lawrence recorded eight tracks with Perry, all covers of American soul and pop hits, at the Black Ark studio. These recordings took around eight months, which prompted Perry to suggest a stage name for George, telling him "You have a lot of faith. You should change your name to George Faith". As a result of Perry's deal with Island Records, the first record to be credited to "George Faith" was released in July 1977. "To Be a Lover" was issued on Island's "Black Swan" label, and proved more popular than any of the previous Jamaican versions of the song. The Jamaican release of the disco (12-inch single) featured a mix lasting nearly twelve minutes. Island issued "I've Got The Groove" as a follow-up, and a third disco 45 was issued later with George's cover of Wilson Pickett's "Midnight Hour". The productions by Lee "Scratch" Perry were collected together for George Faith's debut album, "To Be a Lover", also released in Jamaica under the title "Super Eight". The album proved popular, and a further single, "Opportunity" was released in February 1978.
Lawrence recorded a second album with Perry at the Black Ark in 1978, "Working On The Guideline", although the album was not released, with only a few tracks being released, the singles "Guideline" and "Don't Be Afraid", Lawrence now recording original material with more "conscious" themes. Lawrence was also due to go on a tour that Perry was arranging with Island Records, but the plans were shelved in the midst of the erratic behaviour of Perry that would eventually lead to the destruction of the Black Ark.
Also in 1978, Lawrence recorded an album with Phil Pratt, "One & Only", credited to "Earl George" and issued on the Trojan Records subsidiary Burning Sounds. He also recorded for Alvin Ranglin, these tracks issued in 1979 as the album "Loving Something". He then recorded an album for Bunny Lee, "Soulful", which took a similar approach to his first album and featured new versions of "To Be a Lover" and "Turn Back The Hands of Time". He again worked with Ranglin in the early 1980s on the "Since I Met You Baby" album. After living in Canada for a few years, he returned to the Jamaican recording scene in 1986, and released another album, "Sings For Lovers Only" in 1987.
Lawrence died in 2003 from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19947664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947664" title="Alice Adams (artist)">
Alice Adams (artist)

Alice Adams (born 1930) is an American artist known for her sculpture and site-specific land art in the 1970s and for her major public art projects in transit systems, airports, university campuses and other urban sites throughout the United States since 1986. Her earlier work in tapestry and woven forms was important in the American fiber art movement.
Biography.
Adams grew up in Jamaica, New York and in 1953 graduated with a BFA in painting from Columbia University. Following graduation, she went to Aubusson, France to study tapestry weaving and design at L”Ecole Nationale d’Art Decoratif. Except for two years spent in France, Adams has lived in New York City, traveling for collaboration and consultation on public art projects in the United States and abroad. There have been several stages in her eclectic career.
Career.
Tapestries and woven forms.
After completing her studies in Aubusson, Adams returned to New York in 1956. She brought a tapestry loom from Aubusson to weave her own designs, but her practice began to depart from traditional tapestry technique. Working on what conventionally had been the back of the tapestry, she developed surface articulation and added materials like rope, sisal twine, and found objects to the traditional wool and cotton surface. She and other innovators, like Lenore Tawney, Claire Zeisler and Sheila Hicks, moved weaving off the loom and into the realm of three-dimensional form. Her work was part of the influential “Woven Forms” exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Crafts in 1963.
In 1963 Adams began using tarred rope, chain link fence and steel cable in sculptures that preceded the use of such materials by other artists. She discovered various knotting, looped structures used in sailor’s knots and techniques for covering ship’s railings, but enlarged the scale and the materials traditionally used. In 1966, Lucy Lippard included three examples of this work in “Eccentric Abstraction,” the exhibition she curated at the Fischbach Gallery in New York City. The sculpture in this exhibition ran counter to the minimal “primary structures” of Robert Morris and Sol LeWitt, suggesting more intuitive and idiosyncratic approaches. The show included Louise Bourgeois, Bruce Nauman, Eva Hesse, Frank Viner, Donald Potts, and Gary Kuehn, most of whom were showing in New York for the first time.
Sculpture.
Adams’ sculptures after 1968 explored the architectural elements of the wall, the corner, the column and the vault. Continuing the use of flexible materials, she painted layers of latex on the old plaster walls of her studio, stripped them off, and then mounted the casts on two-by-four frameworks leaning against the wall. She saw her practice as a way of drawing people into spaces that are initially familiar but that later appear new. She used familiar building materials like wood lath, covering or partially covering frameworks to create free-standing partitions, columns and vaults. This work was shown at the 55 Mercer Gallery and in the Whitney Museum Annuals in 1969 and 1971.
After doing her first outdoor work in 1977 using traditional barn framing techniques, she began to work with large wooden slabs and timbers and laminated wood arches to make sculptures that, though not precisely architectural fragments, suggested larger structures. "...Adams' pieces always hint at something larger. Doorways hint at the wider world, and personal memories grow into collective memories about built places." This architecture related sculpture was shown in 1979 and 1981 at the Hal Bromm Gallery in New York, and in 1984 was part of “An International survey of Painting and Sculpture” at The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Earthworks and site sculpture.
Adams’ site-specific sculptures of the 1970s provide a link to her later and most recent public art. Several of these employed heavy earth moving equipment and “Shorings” (1978) at the Artpark, Lewiston, New York; “Mound for Viewing Slope and Sky” (1981) at Princeton University; and “Vertical Up for OOIC” (1983) in Omaha, Nebraska; depended upon the shape, weight and placement of the earth. In other works like “Leveling” (1977) and “Three Structures on a Slope” (1978), the structure measured the elevation of the ground on which it stood and earlier references to architecture developed into actual architectural exercises. The “Adams' House” (1977) and the “Lost House” (1979) of this time used the structure and vision of the house as containers of collective and individual memory. The work of women whose work related to the 1970s was organized into the exhibition “Decoys, Complexes and Triggers: Feminism and Land Art in the 1970s” in 2008 at the Sculpture Center in NYC and included Adams, Mary Miss, Nancy Holt, Jackie Ferrara, Alice Aycock, Agnes Denes, Michelle Stuart, Suzanne Harris and Lynda Benglis.
Public art.
Adams’ site sculptures of the 1970s at venues like the Artpark and the Nassau County Museum of Art were commissioned and funded but, like many similar projects, temporary. Her first permanent public commission, “Small Park with Arches”, was fabricated in her studio and installed at the Toledo Botanical Garden in 1984. This work used the vocabulary of wooden beams and laminated arches, and continued a characteristic direction of her earlier work; the creation of places to be inhabited.
In the following years she often introduced new materials and forms into her projects. While Adams employed boat builders to continue the use of wood in “The River”, for a Middletown, Connecticut hospital common room, for “African Garden”, a schoolyard in East New York, Brooklyn, she combined cast iron bases and laminated wood seats in stools and benches inspired by African furniture. A commission for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey entitled “Glider Park,” suspended seating under steel pavilions designed to incorporate the growth of the trees on the site. Subsequently, precast and cast-in-place concrete structures started to appear as well as cast, etched, and fabricated, steel, bronze and aluminum and very often, water and plant material played major roles.
Two large outdoor meeting places on college campuses, “The Roundabout” in downtown Philadelphia, and “Scroll Circle”, at the University of Delaware, create major focal points. Each incorporates water walls, brick or granite paving, cast concrete bluestone-clad seating, plantings and lighting. At The University of Texas at San Antonio an austere conical granite fountain forms the center of the “Healer’s Spring” rotunda. In the “Wall of the Tides”, water flows over a mosaic while spheres across a stainless steel arch above reflect both the moving water and the passing clouds.
Two of her major works form prominent centerpieces in airport concourses. Giant aluminum arches filled with multi-colored argon lean toward each other in “Beaded Circle Crossing” to span a moving walkway at the Denver International Airport. A diagrammatic aluminum boat frame sits atop one of three large limestone and thick glass-clad planter platforms of the “Stone and Glass Gardens” on two levels of the Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport.
Collaborative work.
Adams’ commissioned projects as sole designer have been interspersed with collaborative work. Learning the architectural process from concept, through design development and construction documents has informed and often guided her practice. Adams’ first design team appointment was in 1985 when she worked for five years with artists and architects to design the stations of the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel. The experience of working with many trades and materials and learning to cope with the complex stages of documentation for major infrastructure projects convinced her that collaboration can lead to an expansion of artistic vision, enlarging the possibilities of ways an artist can affect large public infrastructure programs. Subsequently she collaborated on the design of the Saint Louis, Missouri, MetroLink (1988–1990); the Ronkonkoma, New York Long Island Railroad Station (1994–1995); and the Montclair State University at Little Falls Station of the New Jersey Transit System (2004). She served as consultant with Jack Mackie and Andrew Darke to the Birmingham, England, Midland Metro Light-Rail System (1992). As co-lead artist she and Marek Ranis wrote the art master plan and collaborated on the design of landscape and infrastructure components of the Charlotte (NC) Area Transit System (2002–2006).
Adams’ public sculpture throughout the United States since 1986 was displayed in models and photo documentation in a retrospective at the Lehman College Gallery in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19947675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947675" title="Martin Peake, 2nd Viscount Ingleby">
Martin Peake, 2nd Viscount Ingleby

Martin Raymond Peake, 2nd Viscount Ingleby (31 May 1926 – 14 October 2008) was a British peer and business man. He was the son of Osbert Peake, created Viscount Ingleby in 1956, and his wife Lady Joan Capell.
Peake was rendered a paraplegic early in life due to polio. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Oxford, and despite his disability, was a lieutenant in the Coldstream Guards from 1945 to 1947. In 1955, he was called to the bar at the Inner Temple. He married Gladys Susan Landale (died 1996) in 1952, by whom he had five children:
A director of the Hargreaves Group from 1960 to 1980, Peake was also interested in forestry and conservation. He was a member of the planning committee for the North York Moors National Park, and was responsible for the planting of a row of lime trees at the entrance to the park, which he intended as a thanksgiving for God's deliverance of Britain during the two World Wars. He also served on the North Yorkshire County Council during the 1960s. He succeeded his father as Viscount Ingleby in 1965.
Ingleby and Baroness Masham, who also uses a wheelchair, took a prominent part in the House of Lords in the debate on the Disabled Persons Act 1970. In 1975, he suffered a personal tragedy when his only son, Richard, fell from Beachy Head and was killed; the coroner's inquest recorded an open verdict.
After the death of his first wife in 1996, Ingleby married Dobrila Radovic in 2003. They had no children and the peerage became extinct on his death in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19947680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947680" title="Danube Wings">
Danube Wings

Danube Wings, a trading name of VIP Wings, a.s., was the flag carrier and the national airline of Slovakia since 2007. Danube Wings operated regional scheduled services on domestic and international routes using ATR 72 aircraft. Its main hub was M. R. Štefánik Airport in Bratislava. VIP Wings, a privately owned Slovak company., was the holder of the licences and the AOC.
History.
VIP Wings was established on May 23, 2000, and was created from VIP Air, the first private aviation company in Slovakia.
In August 2008 operations started with ATR 72 aircraft, offering regular transport to the general public. On November 13, 2008, the company was assigned the V5 IATA code. On July 15, 2009, Danube Wings became a member of the European Regional Airlines Association.
The company faced serious economical problems and on November 20, 2013 ceased all operations on scheduled flights. According to news reports it ceased operations in December 2013 and laid off all employees.
Business trends.
The key trends for Danube Wings are shown below (although, because it was a private company, few figures are publicly available). Figures as at year ending 31 December :
Destinations.
Seasonal services to and from destinations in France were cancelled as of January 2013. On October 19, 2013 Danube Wings announced the immediate cancellation of its last remaining schedule route.
Fleet.
The Danube Wings fleet included the following aircraft (at January 2013) in an all-economy class:

</doc>
<doc id="19947685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947685" title="Faith Tabernacle">
Faith Tabernacle

Faith Tabernacle is the headquarters church of Winners' Chapel. It is in Canaanland, Ota, a suburb of Ogun state, Nigeria. Faith Tabernacle has a capacity of 50,400 worshippers and it is reputed to be the world's biggest church in terms of capacity. The church building was constructed in under a year in 1998 and hosts the annual Shiloh religious festival which comes up every December in the same Canaanland. The pastor in charge of Winners' Chapel, Bishop David Oyedepo, said that building the 50,000 capacity, biggest church in the world is from a revelation God gave to him many years before it was constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="19947722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947722" title="RNLB H F Bailey (ON 670)">
RNLB H F Bailey (ON 670)

"H F Bailey" (ON. 670) was the first Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) lifeboat powered by a motor, that served from Cromer.
Description.
The lifeboat was built in 1923 by J. Samuel White at Cowes on the Isle of Wight. The Lifeboat was powered by an 80 brakehorsepower Weyburn DE6 engine and was a ‘Norfolk & Suffolk’ type boat. She was and long with a breadth of 
Doner.
The Cromer station had four motor-powered lifeboats all called "H F Bailey", after the donor, a Mr Henry Francis Bailey of Brockenhurst, a London merchant who was born in Norfolk and had died in 1916.
New boathouse.
To accommodate this new motor lifeboat a new lifeboat house and slipway were built on the end of the Cromer Pier. The planning and building of this new boathouse was carried out three years before the arrival of "H F Bailey" and was ready on the day that the new lifeboat arrived in the town. The new house was long and wide. The house had a solid concrete floor. The placing of this house at the end of the towns pier allowed the new lifeboat to be launched at all states and conditions of the tide, and with the pier itself from the shore line plus the of the boathouse and a further of slipway meant that the lifeboat when launched would be well clear of the rocks and groynes along Cromer’s beach front. The new lifeboat house cost £32,000. This boathouse remained in constant use until 1995 finally being replaced with a new station in 1999. The 1923 station now resides at Southwold.
Service and rescues.
H.F. Bailey ON 670 was the Cromer No 1 boat on station for just one year but due to problems with her launch and recovery, on the slipway, she was transferred to Great Yarmouth & Gorleston on May 5, 1924, where she served until 1939

</doc>
<doc id="19947724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947724" title="Denham Town">
Denham Town

Denham Town is a predominantly residential neighbourhood in west-central Kingston, Jamaica. It has a reputation as one of Kingston's more violent areas.
Amenities.
There is a police station, and two schools: Denham Town Primary and Denham Town High.
See also.
The great Gregory Isaacs (the Cool Ruler) was born in Denham Town, as he sings about in his song Kingston 14. The 14 refers to the postal area.

</doc>
<doc id="19947728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947728" title="Hixon, British Columbia">
Hixon, British Columbia


</doc>
<doc id="19947743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947743" title="Craignish Castle">
Craignish Castle

Craignish Castle, Adfern, Argyllshire, an old baronial architectural build, rebuilt around 1832. 
Scottish seat of the Gascoigne family of Parlington Hall, Lotherton and Castle Oliver. 
" Craignish Castle, standing on the peninsula, 2¼ miles from the point, includes a strong old fortalice, which withstood a six weeks' siege by Colkitto, but is mostly a good modern mansion, rebuilt about 1832; its owner, Fred. Chs. Trench-Gascoigne (b. 1814), holds 5591 acres in the shire, valued at £1013 per annum.
Craignish Castle.
The founder of the Campbells of Craignish, Dugall Maul Campbell became first Laird of Craignish and his descendants built and resided in Craignish Castle in Argyll. Ranald MacCallum was made hereditary keeper of Craignish Castle in 1510. However, the castle has long since escaped family hands, and in 1832 was rebuilt as a private mansion for Mr. Trench-Gascoigne, who owned nearly 6000 acres (24 km²) in Argyllshire. Today, the Castle has been converted into apartments and is owned privately.
Lairds of Craignish.
The seventh laird left only one daughter, Christine Campbell (b. 1323). Her weakness and imprudence caused the majority of the estate to be resigned to the Knight of Lochow, who took advantage of her. She was left with only a small portion of the upper part of Craignish under his superiority. The nearest male representative - Ronald Campbell - fought hard to win back his heritage, and the then Chief of Clan Campbell was obliged to allow him possession of a considerable portion of the estate, but retaining the superiority, and inserting a condition in the grant that if there was ever no male heir in the direct line the lands were to revert automatically to the Argyll family. In 1544 the direct line ended, and the rightful heir, a collateral relative by the name of Charles Campbell of Corranmore in Craignish had the misfortune to kill Gillies of Glenmore in a brawl. This compelled him to flee to Perthshire where he settled at Lochtayside under the protection of the Breadalbane family. This unfortunate event therefore prevented Charles from claiming the estate, and so it fell into the hands of the Earls (later Dukes) of Argyll. Charles' descendants at Killin, Perthshire were later recognised by the Lord Lyon as Chieftains of the Clan Tearlach branch of Clan Campbell and from them descended the Campbells of Inverneill. A grandson of Duncan Campbell 8th of Inverneill in the 1980s owned one of the apartments at Craignish Castle. The arms of Campbell of Inverneill are those of Campbell of Craignish differenced by the addition of "a bordure azure" (a blue border). The first and third Campbells of Inverneill (Sir Archibald Campbell of Inverneill and Sir Janes Campbell of Inverneill Bt were interred at Westminster Abbey in what is now known as Poets' Corner. The second, Sir James Campbell of Inverneill and many succeeding Campbells of Inverneill are interred in the Campbell of Inverneill Mausoleum, though the late Dr John Lorne Campbell of Inverneill (and of Canna) is interred on the Isle of Canna where he had lived for over 50 years. The estates of Inverneill, with the exception of the Mausoleum and Inverneill Island, were sold in the 1950s. Inverneill Island remains in the ownership of the present Campbell of Inverneill.
One part of the inheritance which did not revert to the Argylls was the small Barony of Barrichibean, which John Campbell had inherited from his mother's father. This Barony is not currently possessed by anyone today, but genealogical records point to some likely successors.
Edmund Kempt Campbell was created first Baron Campbell of Craignish by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha in 1848. He moved to America but was naturalised in Britain some years later. In 1882, Captain Ronald Macleay Lorentz Campbell, his nephew, was ennobled as Baron Craignish by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha and applied to Queen Victoria to use the title in Britain. His application was accepted and he was allowed the title 'Baron Campbell von Laurents'. One of these barons was a hero in the Battle of Gravelotte during the Franco-Prussian war. His son Ronald also used the title, and then it fell to his granddaughter Sarah Elizabeth to become a Peeress In Her Own Right. Baroness Campbell von Laurents published a book in 1913 called 'My Motor Milestones: How to Tour in a Car', and was a member of the Italian Greyhound Club. Her father visited the famous Wright brothers, the inventors of the aeroplane, and a copy of his calling card is preserved in a collection dedicated to the aviators.
Incumbent.
The title 'Laird of Craignish' is no longer used, because the title 'Laird' conveys a sense of ownership of land, and the Craignish estates were lost long ago (see above). However, most of these properties have since been sold on.
The House of Craignish represents thousands of Campbells worldwide, but currently no Chieftain has been identified.
The title 'Baron Campbell von Laurents' is a German title, which was restricted in inheritance to the male line of the original holder, meaning it is now extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="19947746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947746" title="Central Troy Historic District">
Central Troy Historic District

The Central Troy Historic District is an irregularly shaped, area of downtown Troy, New York, United States. It has been described as "one of the most perfectly preserved 19th-century downtowns in the " with nearly 700 properties in a variety of architectural styles from the early 19th to mid-20th centuries. These include most of Russell Sage College, one of two privately owned urban parks in New York, and two National Historic Landmarks. Visitors ranging from the Duke de la Rochefoucauld to Philip Johnson have praised aspects of it. Martin Scorsese used parts of downtown Troy as a stand-in for 19th-century Manhattan in "The Age of Innocence".
In 1986, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), superseding five smaller historic districts that had been listed on the Register in the early 1970s. (Two years later, in 1988, the extension of the previous River Street Historic District north of Federal Street was added separately to the NRHP as the Northern River Street Historic District.) Most of the buildings, structures and objects within the district contribute to its historic character. Two of Troy's three National Historic Landmarks, the Gurley Building and Troy Savings Bank, are located within its boundaries. Nine other buildings are listed on the Register in their own right. Among the architects represented are Alexander Jackson Davis, George B. Post, Calvert Vaux and Frederick Clarke Withers. There are many buildings designed by the regionally significant architect Marcus F. Cummings. The downtown street plan was borrowed from Philadelphia, and one neighborhood, Washington Square, was influenced by London's squares of its era.
The district reflects Troy's evolution from its origins as a Hudson River port into an early industrial center built around textile manufacture and steelmaking. During this period it was rebuilt twice in the wake of two devastating fires, resulting in its mix of architecture styles. After the decline of its industries in the mid-20th century, downtown Troy was threatened by urban renewal efforts that galvanized local preservationists, leading to the early NRHP listings and eventually the creation of the district.
Today, the city of Troy protects and preserves the district with special provisions in its zoning and programs which, with assistance from the state of New York, encourage and subsidize property owners who maintain and restore historic buildings. These efforts have paid off with increased attention from developers, the revival of much of the area, and praise from visitors to the city. With the collaboration of nearby Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), Troy is hoping to make the district a center for the development of cutting-edge technologies, a "Silicon Valley of the 19th century."
Geography.
The district boundary was drawn to include the highest concentration of historic resources. The street plan dates to 1787 and the most recent historic building dates to 1940, making those years the period of significance. While some newer buildings are inevitably located within the area, the boundary, where possible, excluded significant mid and late 20th-century buildings like the city hall, low-income housing projects, and the Uncle Sam Atrium, a large shopping mall downtown. All of the original five historic districts are included in full, along with other historic neighborhoods, for a total of 10% of the city's area.
It is centered around the axes of US 4 and NY 2, both of which divide into one-way streets (Third and Fourth and Congress and Ferry, respectively) to facilitate traffic flow through the city. Monument Square, the center of Troy since the late 19th century, along with all the buildings around it (save for the late 20th-century, brutalist City Hall, demolished in 2011) are located within its northwestern corner. At its western end it is partially bounded by the Hudson River, and the former River Street Historic District.
To the south it includes the older buildings of Russell Sage College, Washington Square Park and the houses on Adams Street, the district's southern boundary. The mostly regular southeastern boundary follows Clinton Street until it reaches Ferry. Then it becomes ragged and irregular, reaching the district's northernmost extent at the former Grand Street Historic District. This extension allows it to include as well the Gurley Building and its surrounding neighborhood, formerly the Fifth Street-Fulton Street Historic District.
To the east of the district Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), Troy's most notable institution of higher learning, is situated on a low rise overlooking downtown. RPI has played an increasing role in the district in recent years, and now owns several notable buildings.
The entire district is densely developed, primarily residential in its northern and southern portions, with commercial use concentrated in central blocks near Monument Square. The only significant open spaces within it are the one-block Washington Park near its southern end and Seminary Park, the main quad at Russell Sage. Most of the major streets and the central area of the district are lined with multi-story dwellings that are primarily commercial but with a mix of office and residential space on their upper floors. On the side streets, there are smaller-scale residential townhouses. Institutional use is limited to Russell Sage, a few churches, RPI's buildings and governmental structures like the county courthouse and post office. No industrial use, past or present, is within the district, with the notable exception of the Gurley Building, and even that has been scaled back in recent years.
History.
The history of the Central Troy Historic District is, particularly in its earlier years, the history of Troy itself. Until the later 19th century, the present downtown area "was" the city. Two devastating fires, and changes in the economy brought about by industrialization, shaped the district into today's architecturally diverse downtown.
Pre-industrial years.
Prior to independence, there had only been a few scattered Dutch farmers settled on the Hudson above Albany. In 1787, a group of New Englanders headed west and persuaded one Jacob Vanderhyden to sell them a large tract which they then subdivided and named Troy. The dividing line between two of the family's farms was called Grand Division Street, later shortened to Grand Street.
They based its grid-like street plan on Philadelphia's, with numbered north-south streets running inland from the river after River Street, the city's first commercial center. Lots there, at the time, ran all the way to the river's waterline, giving their owners the unusual advantage of river and street frontage. The sloping bluff also allowed them to build multi-story warehouses and granaries closer to the unloading points along the river.
In 1793, the new settlement was designated the Rensselaer County seat. Two years later, the visiting Duke de la Rochefoucauld noted the "neat and numerous houses" and active businesses engaged in river-based trade. "The sight of this activity is truly charming", he said, in one of the earliest published descriptions of the city. In 1798 Troy incorporated as a village.
The village's population more than tripled in the first 15 years of the new century, leading it to reincorporate as a city in 1816. With River Street getting built out, banks began taking advantage of the street plan and locating on First Street, previously a residential area. By 1807, another visitor from abroad, British painter John Lambert, described a town that had already grown considerably from what de la Rochefoucauld saw a dozen years earlier:
Little of that Troy remains due to an 1820 fire which started in a First Street stable and eventually consumed much of the extant village. A column at 225 River Street bears a stone indicating that this was where the fire was stopped after it had gone on for weeks. Unlike its classical namesake, Troy rebuilt quickly, with newer brick homes and commercial buildings, built to stricter standards, replacing the old ones and expanding again. The Hart-Cluett Mansion, an 1827 Federal style Philip Hooker house on Second Street, is one of the best surviving buildings from this era.
Industrialization and growth.
In 1824, a gazetteer of the state echoed earlier accounts in calling River Street "the mart of business". The same year, RPI was founded on the hill to the east of downtown, to train engineers for the city's burgeoning industrial sector. The relationship between the city and university would later become significant in preserving the historic district.
This growth would continue due to transportation improvements in the 1820s. Troy's businessmen had already built a turnpike to Schenectady, the path followed today by Route 2 from Troy to Colonie. These trade routes were enhanced by the Erie and Champlain canals, which opened new markets to the north and west, while the Troy Steamboat Company's debut did likewise for the south. The access to iron ore mines in the Adirondack Mountains also got some local businessmen into iron refining. In 1835 the Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad brought that technology to the city, and in 1842 the completion of the Schenectady and Troy Railroad linked Troy to the vast network that reached as far west as Buffalo.
The stage was set for Troy's industrialization. The development of the detachable collar by Hannah Lord Montague in 1827 had given the city the product that still lends it its "Collar City" nickname. Plants were built to manufacture them commercially, as well as cuffs and other textile products. Most of these were located to the north of the downtown area, as it was continuing to grow as the city's commercial district and residential area for the well-to-do of the time along Second Street.
With the newer money and newer neighborhoods came newer architectural trends. St. Paul's Episcopal Church, built in 1827, is an early Gothic Revival church, based on Ithiel Town's Trinity Church in New Haven, Connecticut. Eight years later, Town himself would design the Cannon Building in collaboration with Alexander Jackson Davis.
Greek Revival residences were first built in Troy along Second Street in the late 1820s. In 1839, six local businessmen bought a parcel of land between Second and Third at the south end of what was then the developed area of the city and created Washington Park. Modeled on contemporary British residential squares such as those found in London's Bloomsbury neighborhoods, its first phase, on Washington Place, featured rows of townhouses with a unified facade fronting on a park reserved exclusively for residents, whose deeds require a monthly maintenance fee. It retains its integrity despite some later alterations and damage, and is one of only two privately owned urban parks in New York.
In 1843, another group of planned Greek Revival townhouses was built at 160-168 Second Street. Unusual for urban houses, they featured one-and-a-half-story porticos on their front facades, with Ionic columns, and (originally) side yards. Another house was built at 170, several years later, in a similar style. They were widely imitated elsewhere in the city.
The city's industries reached their peak in the 1850s, and the wealth it created explored new architectural trends. The emerging Italianate style began to make its mark, particularly in commercial buildings around Monument Square and along "Bankers' Row", First between State and River. St. Paul's Place was built around 1850 on the south side of State between Fourth and Fifth. Following the dictates of the Washington Park-area deeds, the houses were built with a unified facade as well as a central parapet. The Gilbert Mansion on Second Street west of Washington Park is the most significant detached Italianate home from that era.
Russell Sage built a row of Gothic Revival houses on Second Street in 1846 that survives, albeit without some of their original ornamentation. On the edges of town, some architects began exploring that style's Picturesque mode. A new row of townhouses at Washington Park went up, and another Second Street row followed in 1855. The following year, St. John's Episcopal Church, at First and Liberty streets, was the first use of that style for a city church.
During the Civil War, Troy's industries played a key role in supporting the Union cause. The Burden Ironworks is said to have supplied all the Union Army's horseshoes, and another local ironworks supplied the "USS Monitor"'s hull plating. Its owners would later produce the first Bessemer process steel in the United States after the war.
In 1862 Troy suffered another major fire, the worst in its history. A locomotive's spark ignited the wooden Green Island drawbridge that existed at the time, and when that could not be contained to the bridge it spread to the east, ultimately devastating 507 buildings over a 16-block area. As before, the city rebuilt quickly, with the area along Fifth between Broadway and Grant Street, where Cummings built a row of houses between Fifth and Sixth, most strongly reflecting this era of rapid construction and reconstruction. The Gurley Building, too, rose in just eight months from the ashes of its predecessor. The nearby neighborhood also became desirable, with many local businessmen moving into newly built homes along Fifth.
Postwar prosperity.
As the postwar years yielded to the Gilded Age, Troy's prosperity continued. The wealth created by its industries built some of the city's most notable Victorian buildings. Frederick Clarke Withers designed First Street's Rice Building in 1871, a five-story flatiron-shaped building representative of his Victorian Gothic style. The Cannon Building got a contemporary mansard roof after two fires. Cummings' 1870 Congregation Berith Sholom Temple on Third Street is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States, the oldest Reform synagogue in New York, and one the most significant religious buildings in the district from this period. In 1875, George B. Post won a competition to build a new home for the Troy Savings Bank, with an upstairs auditorium. While his building was in the Renaissance Revival style of the time, its forms and decorations anticipated his later work in the Beaux-Arts vein.
The Panic of 1873 put a damper on this growth, and in the interim the city's steel industry began to decline, squeezed by competition from newer, more efficient producers in Western Pennsylvania and the Midwest on one side and labor unrest at home. But the textile industry remained strong, and even grew. Accordingly, its residents continued to embrace new movements in architecture. The 1880 pharmacy building at 137 Second Street featured a highly decorated cast iron storefront and curved windows showing the influence of the Queen Anne Style. Further down Second Street, industrialist Jonas Heartt's house built that same year is one of the best residential applications of the same style.
Cummings explored the Richardsonian Romanesque mode in several of his buildings at Russell Sage. The Paine Mansion at 49 Second Street applied the same style, with arcaded entrance loggia and corner tower, to a home. The brick drugstore annex at 155-157 River Street is a particularly representative commercial example of the style. In 1893 the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago popularized the Classical and Renaissance revivals and Beaux-Arts style. They came to Troy very quickly when Marcus Cummings and his son Frederick designed the Classical Revival county courthouse at 80 Second Street, the third to occupy the site, the following year. A short distance away three years later, the Renaissance Revival Hart Memorial Library was built of Vermont marble, joining the similarly styled 1895 Frear Mansion, also on Second Street.
As the 20th century dawned, builders and architects concentrated their efforts in the northern half of the district, primarily on commercial structures as the downtown area was no longer popular as a place for new residences. Monument Square, created in 1891 when a statue of Columbia was erected atop the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in the triangular area formed by the intersection of Broadway, River and Second streets, became a new focal point of development. There the McCarthy Building on Monument Square, and the similar National State Bank and Ilium buildings on Broadway, all built in 1904, show the decorative influence of the era's revival styles. Proctor's Theater, ten years later on Fourth Street, continued the tradition.
Other architects chose the era's simpler styles, like Arts and Crafts, as a contrast. The marble-and-brick 1905 YMCA building on Second Street, and the six-story Caldwell Apartments at State and Second streets are two of the district's best examples of that style. The latter building, built in 1907, was also the first large-scale apartment building in the city. The Colonial Revival style would also leave its mark in Troy with several buildings. Most notable among them is the Hendrick Hudson Hotel on the east side of Monument Square, a six-story structure that was the largest building ever built in the city at the time. Projects of similar scale, and the city's annexation of the village of Lansingburgh to its north, helped swell its population to over 72,000 in 1930, its alltime peak.
Depression and decline.
New construction almost halted when the Great Depression began in the 1930s. As a result there are few buildings in the district in that area's architectural styles. The post office at Fourth and Broadway, built despite much public outcry over the demolition of its landmark 1894 predecessor, is the district's most notable building of the 1930s. Its stripped-down Classical Revival style shows the influence of Art Deco in its smooth, finished surfaces. The enameled metal facade on a Third Street storefront, dating to 1940, makes it the only building in the district to show any trace of the Streamline Moderne style.
World War II sustained the city's economy with an increased demand for textiles and all other products it could make. After the war ended, the textile mills, faced with competition from producers in the lower-wage South, closed or left.
After a brief postwar increase, Troy's population began a continuing decline. The city began the first of several urban renewal plans shortly after adopting its 1962 master plan. Those plans called for the demolition of many buildings downtown, to be replaced by a new arterial road, large public housing projects and a shopping mall. After various delays, those projects were either scaled back or abandoned entirely. In the interim many businesses either closed or moved out of downtown.
Preservation and renewal.
In the late 1960s, public opposition to the planned demolition of some of the historic structures downtown like the McCarthy Building led to them being placed on the then-new National Register. In the early 1970s, the five predecessor historic districts were recognized and added as well, along with some other structures.
Urban renewal programs are funded in part by federal grants. The National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, which created the NRHP, requires that federal agencies give consideration to the opinions of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation in assessing the impact their actions will have on listed properties and consider alternatives to any action that would destroy or significantly affect them. The listings of downtown Troy's districts and buildings therefore had the practical effect of preventing their demolition for urban renewal.
By the 1980s, after a Troy Downtown Historic District had been declared eligible for the NRHP by the state's Historic Preservation Office but not yet submitted to the National Park Service (NPS), which administers the Register, local preservationists realized that the existing historic districts did not fully embrace all of downtown's historic properties. Instead of applying for boundary increases or nominating more individual properties to the Register, the city decided to merge all five into a new, central district. The NPS accepted the application and entered the new district on the Register in 1986.
Troy's downtown began reviving. In 1993, Martin Scorsese used the Second Street area, particularly the Paine Mansion, and some of the Russell Sage buildings as locations for his adaptation of Edith Wharton's "The Age of Innocence", since they replicated the appearance of 1870s Manhattan. River Street became home to many antique stores. Developers began buying the old buildings and adapting them to contemporary uses.
RPI began buying properties such as the Rice and Gurley buildings, moving students and faculty into them. In 2006,"The New York Times" described the city as having "one of the most perfectly preserved 19th-century downtowns in the United States."
Significant contributing properties.
The district includes all the area of the original five districts, two National Historic Landmarks, nine properties listed on the National Register in their own right, and several other noteworthy contributing properties among its 679 total historic resources.
Central Troy today.
The city has recognized the historic district in its zoning code. It divides the area into six separate districts — the Riverfront, First, Second, Third, Fourth Street and Fifth Avenue local historic districts. The Riverfront district includes the neighborhood to the northwest listed on the National Register as the Northern River Street Historic District. The other five are roughly aligned with the eponymous streets, with the First Street district consisting of two detached areas, the Second and Third street districts taking up most of the central area and the other two occupying the northeastern corner of the district. The city has also made some grants and tax exemptions available to qualified property owners. The city's current master plan calls for enhancing the district's mixed-use character, by encouraging both residential use and businesses that serve consumers, particularly retailers, and providing tax incentives for the rehabilitation of historic homes.
Troy's ordinances designate its Planning Commission as the Historic District and Landmarks Review Commission. Property owners in the district must get special permission from the commission for any work on their properties beside ordinary maintenance (and even for that in some cases), to make sure it leaves the historic character of the property and the surrounding buildings intact.
In 1989, the state added most of the district to Troy's Empire Zone. This economic development incentive gives businesses that locate in the included areas tax credits and exemptions to encourage them to locate there. The state has also moved some of its employees into the district, through the interventions of former State Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno, a resident of nearby Brunswick, who represented the district that included the city. He steered state grants towards the rehabilitation of the buildings that now house state government offices, as well as school aid that helped the city keep its property taxes low. City officials say his help has been vital, and will be missed following his 2008 resignation.
RPI has acquired several significant downtown properties, such as the Gurley and Rice buildings and Proctor's Theater, and renovated them to make homes for programs such as its Lighting Research Center, now housed in Gurley. In the early 2000s, it put $2.5 million into its Neighborhood Renewal Initiative, which has been used to help homeowners renovate homes and improve the city's infrastructure.
The private sector has also played a large role in revitalizing the area, even without public aid and incentives. Developers have been attracted to the historic buildings and their surrounding neighborhoods, calling it the city's strongest asset, although they have complained about past stalemates in city government. One initiative has often led to others. River Street's development into a center for antique stores came about without any public effort or intent, and the restoration of the music hall at the Savings Bank led to many new restaurants opening in the neighborhood. The blocks of River Street north of Monument Square have a dozen woman-owned businesses.
Developers, the city, and the colleges see downtown Troy's future as a center for high-tech companies and the good-paying jobs they provide. In addition to its historic character, the area has space available and is walkable. One local official calls Troy "the Silicon Valley of the 19th century". Some specific projects have capitalized on this. In 2005, the Cannon Building was redeveloped into an extended-stay hotel with the target market being visiting faculty at RPI and Russell Sage. With money from the 2009 federal stimulus package, the city improved traffic signals and sidewalks at 18 intersections downtown.
The revitalization of downtown Troy has not been entirely without controversy over some of its historic buildings. A 2009 proposal to redevelop Proctor's by gutting its interior and converting it to office space led to serious opposition. Opponents of the plan organized a website and started an online petition against the use of any state funds for the project. Proponents, including the head of the city's Downtown Collaborative, said that after three decades of the vacant building's deterioration, any redevelopment proposal should be seriously considered, regardless of its impact on the building's historic character.
External links.
All of the following are located in Troy, Rensselaer County, NY:

</doc>
<doc id="19947748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947748" title="Reid vapor pressure">
Reid vapor pressure

Reid vapor pressure (RVP) is a common measure of the volatility of gasoline. It is defined as the 
absolute vapor pressure exerted by a liquid at 100 °F (37.8 °C) as determined by the test method ASTM-D-323. The test method applies to volatile crude oil and volatile nonviscous petroleum liquids, except liquefied petroleum gases.
The matter of vapor pressure is important relating to the function and operation of gasoline powered, especially carbureted, vehicles. High levels of vaporization are desirable for winter starting and operation and lower levels are desirable in avoiding vapor lock during summer heat. Fuel cannot be pumped when there is vapor in the fuel line (summer) and winter starting will be more difficult when liquid gasoline in the combustion chambers has not vaporized. Thus, oil refineries manipulate the Reid Vapor Pressure seasonally specifically to maintain gasoline engine reliability.
The Reid vapor pressure (RVP) differs slightly from the true vapor pressure (TVP) of a liquid due to small sample vaporization and the presence of water vapor and air in the confined space of the test equipment. That is, the RVP is the absolute vapor pressure and the TVP is the partial vapor pressure. Conversion between the two measures can be found here, from p. 7.1-54 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19947750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947750" title="Chernobyl Forum">
Chernobyl Forum

The Chernobyl Forum is the name of a group of UN agencies, founded on 3–5 February 2003 at the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) Headquarters in Vienna, to scientifically assess the health effects and environmental consequences of the Chernobyl accident and to issue factual, authoritative reports on its environmental and health effects.
Participants.
Nine UN organizations are involved in the Chernobyl Forum:
The Chernobyl Forum also comprises the governments of Belarus, Russia and Ukraine.
Publications.
The Chernobyl Forum released on 5 September 2005 a comprehensive scientific assessment report on the consequences of the Chernobyl accident titled: "Chernobyl’s Legacy: Health, Environmental and Socio-Economic Impacts". A revised edition was released in March 2006 and is available here, together with the Forum's report "Recommendations to the Governments of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine".
The report covers environmental radiation, human health and socio-economic aspects. About 100 recognized experts from many countries, including Belarus, Russia and Ukraine, have contributed. The report claims to be "the most comprehensive evaluation of the accident’s consequences to date" and to represents "a consensus view of the eight organizations of the UN family according to their competences and of the three affected countries".
On the death toll of the accident, the report states that 28 emergency workers died from acute radiation syndrome and 15 patients died from thyroid cancer. It roughly estimates that cancers deaths caused by the Chernobyl accident might eventually reach a total of up to 4,000 among the 600,000 cleanup workers or "liquidators" who received the greatest exposures. 
One paper estimates an additional 5,000 deaths from the Chernobyl accident among the exposed population of around 6 million living in the contaminated areas of Ukraine, Belarus and Russia However, the paper notes that no significant increased cancer risk apart from thyroid cancer has been scientifically demonstrated to date; this prediction is only an indication of the "possible" impact of the accident, and should not be taken at face value.
The report quotes 4,000 cases of thyroid cancer resulting from the accident, mainly in children and adolescents at the time of the accident; however the survival rate is almost 99%. Since most emergency workers and people living in contaminated areas received relatively low radiation doses, comparable to natural background levels, no decrease in fertility or increase in congenital malformations have been observed.
The report indicates that many people were traumatised by the accident and the rapid relocation that followed; they remain anxious about their health, perceiving themselves as helpless victims rather than survivors, mainly because of the lack of credible information about the effects of the accident. The Chernobyl Forum recommends that relocated people be helped to normalise their lives and better access social services and employment. 
The report also concluded that a greater risk than the long-term effects of radiation exposure, is the risk to mental health caused by exaggerated fears about the effects of radiation:
" ... The designation of the affected population as “victims” rather than “survivors” has led them to perceive themselves as helpless, weak and lacking control over their future. This, in turn, has led either to over cautious behavior and exaggerated health concerns, or to reckless conduct, such as consumption of mushrooms, berries and game from areas still designated as highly contaminated, overuse of alcohol and tobacco, and unprotected promiscuous sexual activity."

</doc>
<doc id="19947756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947756" title="13th parallel north">
13th parallel north

The 13th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 13 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 53 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 22 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 13° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19947780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947780" title="Wiesbaden manifesto">
Wiesbaden manifesto

A book The Safekeepers: Memoir of the Arts at the End of World War II by former Capt. Walter I. Farmer of the Army Corps of Engineers during World War II, chronicles the recovery of and restitution of discovered hidden loot of the Nazi plunder, that were stolen from museums, private collections and libraries and individual Jewish emigrants and death camp prisoners.
The Allies created special commissions, such as the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives (MFAA) organization to help protect famous European monuments from destruction, and after the war, to travel to territories previously occupied by the Germans to find Nazi art repositories. Wiesbaden Germany stored, identified, and restituted approximately 700,000 individual objects including paintings and sculptures. The allies found these plundered artworks in over 1,050 repositories in Germany and Austria at the end of World War II.
In summer 1945, Capt. Walter Farmer became the collecting point's first director. The first shipment of artworks arriving at Wiesbaden included cases of antiquities, Egyptian art, Islamic artifacts, and paintings from the Kaiser Friedrich Museum. The collecting point also received materials from the Reichsbank and Nazi looted Polish liturgical collections. At its height, Wiesbaden stored, identified, and restituted approximately 700,000 individual objects including paintings and sculptures, mainly to keep in away from the Soviet Army and wartime reparations.
His superiors ordered that he send back to the U.S. 202 paintings in his custody, Capt. Farmer and 35 other that were in charge of the Wiesbaden collection point gathered to draw up what has become known as the Wiesbaden Manifesto on November 7, 1945, declaring "We wish to state that, from our own knowledge, no historical grievance will rankle so long or be the cause of so much justified bitterness as the removal for any reason of a part of the heritage of any nation even if that heritage may be interpreted as a prize of war." Among the co-signers was Lieutenant Charles Percy Parkhurst in the U.S. Navy.
After three years of debate, U.S. President Harry S. Truman ordered that the paintings be returned to Germany in 1948.
In 1996, the German government honored Mr. Farmer with the crimson Commander's Cross of the Federal Order of Merit.
Mr. Farmer died 11 August 1997 at the age of 86 at Christ Hospital in Cincinnati. The cause was cancer, said his daughter, Margaret Farmer Planton.
Mr. Farmer was born in Alliance, Ohio, and received bachelor's degrees in mathematics and architecture from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. He went on to be active also as a genealogist and was prominent in the museum field in Ohio and Texas. 
His marriages to Josselyn Liszniewska and to Renate Hobirk ended in divorce. 
In addition to his daughter, who lives in Chillicothe, Ohio, he is survived by two grandsons; a sister, Evelyn Krickbaum of Sidney, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19947793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947793" title="Guernsey Financial Services Commission">
Guernsey Financial Services Commission

The Guernsey Financial Services Commission is the supervisory authority for financial services in the Bailiwick of Guernsey.

</doc>
<doc id="19947797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947797" title="Neblina uakari">
Neblina uakari

The Neblina uakari ("Cacajao hosomi") or black-headed uakari, is a newly described species of monkey from the far northwest Brazilian Amazon and adjacent southern Venezuela. It was found by Jean-Phillipe Boubli of the University of Auckland and described together with the more easternly distributed Aracá uakari in 2008. Until then, the black-headed uakari (found to the west and south of the Neblina uakari) was the only species of mainly black uakari that was recognized. 
The English name of the Neblina uakari refers to the Pico da Neblina, which marks the approximate center of its known distribution. Several years before it was realized it represented an undescribed species (and not "just" black-headed uakaris), it was studied in the Pico da Neblina National Park in Brazil. When combined with the adjacent Serranía de la Neblina National Park in Venezuela, a significant part of this uakaris distribution is within protected areas.
It has well coordinated travel established through constant calling, allowing a group to spread 200 to 300 meters. 
Females produce one offspring, typically in March and April coinciding with the fruiting season.

</doc>
<doc id="19947800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947800" title="Timestalkers">
Timestalkers

Timestalkers is a 1987 made for TV adventure film directed by Michael Schultz and starring William Devane. The film is based on Ray Brown's novel "The Tintype".
Plot.
Dr. Scott McKenzie (William Devane) is a college professor and ardent fan of the gunslinger culture of the Old West. A year ago, McKenzie watched his wife and son die in a car crash caused by a drunk driver attempting to flee the police. With his friend, General Joe Brodsky (John Ratzenberger), McKenzie attends an auction of Wild West memorabilia, where they agree to bid on a pair of steamer trunks and split the contents between them. As the auction is conducted, flashbacks show the items' histories in the 19th century. At the time a man, Joseph Cole (Klaus Kinski), is looking for a gunslinger who has a pair of distinctive ebony-handled pistols marked with stars. Some cowboys he encounters on the road point him towards the town of Crossfire, California. At the town saloon, he inquires about the man but is harassed by a trio of local thugs, one of whom shoots at him, hitting instead one of the trunks which Dr. McKenzie is bidding on in the present. Cole quickly shoots all three men dead, an event memorialized by a local photographer. In the present, McKenzie and Brodsky win the trunks at auction and McKenzie begins sorting through the contents, noticing the picture of the men who Cole killed. 
Under photo enhancement, McKenzie notices Cole in the background of the picture and identifies the gun Cole is carrying as a .357 Magnum from the 1980s. Despite this, chemical and spectroscopic testing indicates that the photograph is at least 100 years old. McKenzie becomes convinced that Cole is a time traveler. After writing up his findings, he is approached by a woman, Georgia Crawford (Lauren Hutton), who claims to be working on similar ideas. Together they locate Crossfire in the present. When they split up to search the town, Georgia ducks into an old barn and removes a crystalline device which she uses to travel back to the 1880s. There she searches for Cole at a nearby river, but her horse is spooked by a rattlesnake. She dispatches the snake with a futuristic gun. Hurrying back to town, she is followed by Cole, who had observed her from afar. He arrives too late to stop her from traveling to the present, but he uses a device of his own to find out the time to which she traveled. In the present, McKenzie hears a noise and arrives at the barn just in time to see Georgia return from the past. When he confronts her, she admits to being one of a number of time travelers from the 26th century. Returning to McKenzie's home she explains that Cole is a renegade scientist from her time who she has been sent back to stop. She believes that Cole, who developed the time travel technology with her father, is intending to change history. Through research, Georgia and McKenzie determine that Cole is likely trying to kill Matthew Crawford, an adviser to President Grover Cleveland.
The gunfighter who Cole is searching for, the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger," was a gunslinger who crucially helped protect the President and his escort from bandits. Matthew Crawford was Georgia's ancestor and killing him would erase her entire family from history, including her father who had opposed Cole's desire to continue research on time travel. McKenzie and Georgia enlist Joe Brodsky's help in determining President Cleveland's movements, but before Brodsky can give them the information, Cole murders him and flees into the past. Finding a copy of the information, they discover that Cole is traveling back to July 11, 1886, when the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger" helped save President Cleveland from a bandit attack. Traveling back in time to 1886, Georgia and McKenzie watch as the attack begins. When the Stranger arrives on the scene and tries to enter the attack, he is shot dead by Cole. McKenzie then takes the Stranger's signature pistols and rides towards the battle himself. Cole follows him. While McKenzie manages to kill the attacking bandits, Cole shoots Matthew Crawford. McKenzie then kills Cole in a one-on-one duel. Returning to the stagecoach, Georgia and McKenzie discover that Matthew Crawford was merely wounded. As the stagecoach drives off, Georgia and McKenzie return to the present where Georgia gives him a gift before returning to her own time. She is somehow able to send the knowledge of the death of McKenzie's wife and child back to his earlier self so that he is able to save their lives.
Broadcast history.
The film made its premiere on CBS as a well-promoted "movie of the week" on 10 March 1987. The film was given generally positive reviews by the critics and did well in the ratings, winning its timeslot. It was repeated during August 1987 then went to syndication. It was aired occasionally by Lifetime and Sci-Fi Channel networks thru the 90s. It was aired several times during the spring and summer of 2010 on the This TV Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19947812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947812" title="Superior Labor Court">
Superior Labor Court

The Superior Labor Court or "Tribunal Superior do Trabalho" (TST), in Portuguese, is the highest Brazilian appellate court for Labor law issues. Its headquarters are located in Brasilia, near the American Embassy.
It is one of the five high courts in Brazil.
It is the highest instance in the Brazilian federalized labor courts system, which includes the Regional Labor Courts ("Tribunais Regionais do Trabalho - TRT's"), at common appeal level, and the Trial Labor Courts ("Varas do Trabalho") in the first instance level.
History.
The origins of that court remonts the National Labor Council, created in 1923, which was a part of the Federal Executive Branch, subordinated to the Ministry of Agriculture, Industry and Commerce.
In 1946 the Council was transformed in the "Tribunal Superior do Trabalho". The Brazilian Constitution adopted in that same year recognized the TST as part of the Judiciary Branch, no longer subordinated to the Executive Branch. That basic situation was kept by all subsequent Constitutions.
Since its origins, that Court was integrate by both effective Ministers and temporary class Ministers. The effective Ministers (nicknamed "togados" after the distinctive robes - "togas" - which they wear) were considered Magistrates for all legal prerogatives, while the Temporary Classist Ministers ("classistas"), which were paritary representatives of both patrons em employers ("classes"), were pointed for a fixed term (usually 3 years) and had fewer powers and prerogative. The Classists Ministers were abolished by a constitutional amendment in 1999, subsisting only the effective Ministers.
Composition.
By the actual legislation, the Court is integrated by 27 members, entitled Ministers ("Ministros"), pointed by the President of Brazil. The nomination only occurs after the approval of the Senate. All the nominated members must be at least 35 and no more than 65 years old, must have Brazilian nationality and moral integrity, plus all the requirements to enter in a public service carrier (e.g. regularity with conscription and electoral duties).
There are 3 positions reserved lawyers, indicated by the Order of Attorneys of Brazil (the official Bar association), 3 for members of the Public Ministry, and the remaining 21 for carrier judges of the Regional Labor Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19947815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947815" title="Gastrotypographicalassemblage">
Gastrotypographicalassemblage

Gastrotypographicalassemblage is a wide by tall work of art designed by Lou Dorfsman to decorate the cafeteria in Eero Saarinen's CBS Building on 52nd Street and Sixth Avenue, New York City, New York, USA.
As the senior vice president and creative director for marketing communications and design for the Columbia Broadcasting System, Dorfsman was responsible for all aspects of the building's graphics, designating the type, design and spacing for wall clocks, elevator buttons, and elevator inspection stickers. He designed what he called "Gastrotypographicalassemblage" for the building's cafeteria, using varied typefaces to list all of the foods offered to patrons in hand-milled wood type. The completed work was based on ideas conceived in the mid-1960s. The project was ultimately completed in 1966 with assistance from graphic designer Herb Lubalin, and Tom Carnase, who crafted the typography from Dorfsman's original design. Dorfsman considered this work to be "his magnum opus, his gift to the world".
"Gastrotypographicalassemblage" was discarded in the early 1990s by CBS, but the work's nine panels were retrieved by designer Nick Fasciano. It was in an advanced state of disrepair, aggravated by improper storage. The piece was acquired by the Atlanta-based Center for Design Study in the mid-2000s, which developed a program to raise the funds needed to support the restoration of the work of art. Funding goals to begin the restoration fell short, and efforts to restore the work did not begin at that time.
Following the death of Lou Dorfsman in 2008, it was announced that The Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, NY would serve as the new home for Gastrotypographicalassemblage. The college has been working with Nick Fasciano to fund the restoration, and the work will be on public display for the first time starting in March 2014 when it will be showcased in the CIA's new Marriott Pavilion and Conference Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19947821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947821" title="Children's Hospital &amp; Medical Center">
Children's Hospital &amp; Medical Center

Children's Hospital & Medical Center is a non-profit regional pediatric specialty health care center located in Omaha, Nebraska. The 145-bed hospital is the only free-standing children's hospital in Nebraska and serves patients from throughout its home state, western Iowa, South Dakota, northern Kansas and northwestern Missouri. The hospital provides more than 30 pediatric specialty clinics for a variety of specialized needs including asthma, cardiology, neurology, pediatric cancer, neonatal intensive care follow-up, diabetes, and physical, occupational, and speech therapies. The hospital also offers the Carolyn Scott Rainbow House, a home-away-from-home for families of patients.
History.
Children's Hospital & Medical Center opened as Children's Memorial Hospital on March 14, 1948. The institution was founded by Dr. C.W.M. Poynter, dean of the University of Nebraska Medical Center, and Henry Doorly, publisher of the "Omaha World-Herald". The men shared a vision that no child in need of medical care would be turned away due to an inability to pay. Shortly after opening, a polio epidemic engulfed the nation and the region.
The first facility was built at 42nd and Dewey in Midtown Omaha at the cost of $850,000. Funded by a community-wide penny drive, more than 30,000 people in Nebraska and western Iowa made additional contributions, as well. The hospital moved to the corner of 83rd and Dodge Street in 1981, and nineteen years later, in 2000, the hospital moved to a state-of-the-art facility at 8200 Dodge Street, across the road from its previous location. An expansion effort to address a growing need for pediatric specialty outpatient care culminated in the opening of the Children's Specialty Pediatric Center, adjacent to the main hospital building, in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19947834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947834" title="Magnus Härenstam">
Magnus Härenstam

Johan Herbert Magnus Härenstam (born 19 June 1941 in Västervik) is a Swedish television host, actor and comedian. Härenstam hosted the Swedish version of the game-show "Jeopardy!" for 14 years before being replaced by Adam Alsing. Härenstam is also known for hosting the children's TV-program "Fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter" (with Brasse Brännström & Eva Remaeus), which was very popular and has been re-broadcast numerous times since it first aired. Härenstam participated in the music video for ABBA's hit song "When I Kissed the Teacher" where he plays the teacher who gets kissed by Agnetha Fältskog. Well known in Sweden for several decades, he is almost equally popular in Norway after starring in the 1990s sitcom Fredrikssons fabrik, playing the Swedish boss of a Norwegian textile workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="19947838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947838" title="Shonn Greene">
Shonn Greene

Shonn Greene (born August 21, 1985) is an American football running back for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Iowa, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Greene was born in the Sicklerville section of Winslow Township, New Jersey. He attended Winslow Township High School in Atco, New Jersey, and played for the Winslow Eagles high school football team as the starting running back and linebacker for the Eagles during his junior and senior years. In his junior year, Greene rushed for 1,267 yards and 18 touchdowns in 221 attempts earning first team all-conference, all-South Jersey, and all-state honors. He followed that with 1,378 yards and 16 touchdowns on 172 attempts as a senior earning first team all-conference and second team all-state. Greene also recorded 191 career tackles and one interception on defense.
College career.
Greene attended The University of Iowa, where he played for coach Kirk Ferentz's Iowa Hawkeyes football team. He missed the entire 2007 season when he left the University due to academic deficiencies. He enrolled at Kirkwood Community College, improved his grades, and returned to the University in 2008. Greene had a breakout season in 2008, winning the Doak Walker Award given to the nation's outstanding collegiate running back (the first Iowa player to win the award), and was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American. He finished the season with 1850 yards rushing and 20 touchdowns; after the Hawkeyes won the 2009 Outback Bowl on January 1, 2009, Greene announced he would enter the 2009 NFL Draft. Greene was the only player that year to rush for over 100 yards in every game. On October 23, 2010, Greene was named honorary captain for Iowa's game against Wisconsin.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
2009 season.
On April 26, 2009 the New York Jets traded up 12 spots to select Greene in the third round (65th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. On August 30 Greene made an appearance in the Jets preseason game against the Baltimore Ravens. He rushed twice for six yards as well as catching an 85-yard pass before leaving due to an undisclosed rib injury. Greene made his regular season debut after a season-ending injury of Leon Washington during week 7 against the Oakland Raiders. During the game against the Raiders, Greene ran for 144 yards and two touchdowns in a 38-0 victory. On December 27, 2009, Greene carried the ball 16 times for 95 yards in a win against the Indianapolis Colts. On January 9, 2010, Greene rushed for 135 yards and a touchdown in a 24-14 playoff win against the Cincinnati Bengals. His best performance of the season came against the San Diego Chargers in the divisional round of the playoffs. Greene carried the ball 23 times and rushed for 128 yards. He scored a 53-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter, as the Jets reached their first AFC Championship game since 1998. The Jets would play the AFC championship game against the Indianapolis Colts. The Jets had the lead at halftime 17-13. In the beginning of the 3rd quarter Greene injured his ribs and missed the rest of the game. He would finish the game with 41 rushing yards as the jets would lose 30-17. Greene finished the 2009 season by playing in 14 games with 108 attempts for 540 yards and 2 touchdowns.
2010 season.
In the 2010 offseason the Jets did not resign running back Thomas Jones and signed instead LaDainian Tomlinson to be their starter and Shonn Greene to be the back-up. Shonn Greene got his first rushing touchdown of the 2010 season in a 29-20 win over the Minnesota Vikings. Greene finished the game with 57 yards on 10 attempts. On December 26, 2010 Greene ran for 70 yards on 12 attempts and 1 touchdown in loss to the Chicago Bears 38-34.
Greene also rushed for 76 yard on 17 attempts and scored the game-closing touchdown against the Patriots in a playoff game.
2011 season.
On June 5, 2011 Jets offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer announced that Greene will be the starting running back in the 2011 season, with LaDainian Tomlinson taking a 3rd down role.
In his first career start, Greene rushed for 26 Yards on 10 Carries in a win over the Dallas Cowboys. Greene got his first TD of the year in a Week 2 Matchup between the Jacksonville Jaguars while adding 49 Yards in 16 Carries. In a Week 5 loss to the New England Patriots, Greene had 83 Yards in 21 Carries while getting a TD. Even though Greene could not follow up the same performance the next week, He had 74 Yards in 21 Carries in a Victory over the Miami Dolphins. In a Week 7 victory over the San Diego Chargers, Greene had 112 Yards in 20 Carries. Greene ended the year with 1,054 Yards in 253 Yards with 6 Touchdowns. Greene also carried the load for the Jets while playing the Redskins by rushing 88 yards and 3 TDs. That next week he had 129 yards rushing and 1 TD over the Chiefs.
2012 season.
In 2012, against the Indianapolis Colts, Greene ran for a career-high 161 yards, along with three touchdowns, as the Jets
defeated the Colts 35-9.
For the season, Greene rushed for 1063 yards and 8 Touchdowns.
Tennessee Titans.
On March 13, 2013, Greene signed a three year, $10 million contract with the Tennessee Titans.
On August 8 of a pre-season game Greene rushed for 32 yards on 5 carries and a 19-yard touchdown run in his Titans debut facing the Washington Redskins. Greene also caught the ball for a 13-yard play. In the Season Opener against the Steelers, Greene rushed for 18 yards on 4 carries before injuring his knee that sidelined him for 5 weeks. 7 weeks later Greene rushed for 38 yards and a Touchdown on 9 carries winning against the Rams. He also had a 28 yard catch and run. Week 14 of the NFL season Greene rushed for 46 yard and 2 Touchdowns on 9 carries,which included a 28-yard Touchdown in the second quarter even though, they lost to the Broncos 51-28.

</doc>
<doc id="19947840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947840" title="Moon Mullen">
Moon Mullen

Ford Parker "Moon" Mullen (February 9, 1917 – February 28, 2013) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball who played one year for the Philadelphia Blue Jays during the season. Listed at 5' 9", 165 lb., Mullen batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He attended the University of Oregon, where he played baseball and basketball, and was a member of the basketball team that won the first NCAA men's basketball championship.
Early life.
Mullen was born in Olympia, Washington. He received the nickname "Moon" after the popular comic strip character "Moon Mullins". Mullen attended the University of Oregon, where he played baseball and basketball. He was a reserve guard on the 1938–39 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team coached by Howard Hobson, and winners of the first ever NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. On the baseball team (also coached by Hobson), he played third base, catcher, and second base.
Professional career.
In 1944, Mullen played 118 games for the Philadelphia Blue Jays (as the Philadelphia Phillies were briefly known), posting a .267 batting average (124-for-464) with 51 runs and 31 RBI, including nine doubles, four triples, four stolen bases, and a .315 on-base percentage with no home runs. Following the 1944 season, Mullen was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a stint in the United States Army during World War II. He served several years, then attended spring training with the Phillies but did not make the team. He played several years in the Pacific Coast League, for teams like the Seattle Rainiers and the Portland Beavers. He then managed the 1950 Boise Pilots of the Pioneer League.
After baseball.
He was married to his wife Jessie, whom he met at a high school football game, for 72 years. After his baseball career, he returned to Olympia where he coached the Olympia High School baseball team and taught high school biology and zoology for 27 years before his retirement.
He died in Stanwood, Washington on February 28, 2013. He had suffered a stroke two weeks prior to his death. At the age of 96 he was the last surviving member of the Ducks' 1939 NCAA team and was one of the oldest living major league ballplayers.

</doc>
<doc id="19947906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947906" title="Josephine Douglas">
Josephine Douglas

Josephine Douglas (born c. 1928 – 12 July 1988) was a British actress, best remembered as the co-producer and co-host of Britain's first pop chart television show, "Six-Five Special", during 1957-58. 
She was born in Huddersfield, England, and began her career by appearing in minor roles in several British films during the 1950s including the Hitchcock film "Stage Fright" (1950). She was also a panelist on quiz shows.
Her most notable works as producer were "Our Miss Fred" (1972), "Dracula AD 1972" (1972) and "Virgin of the Secret Service" (1968).

</doc>
<doc id="19947910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947910" title="705 Naval Air Squadron">
705 Naval Air Squadron

705 Naval Air Squadron was first formed as a flight in 1936 from No 447 Flight Royal Air Force and operated Swordfish torpedo bombers from battlecruisers. It achieved squadron status in 1939 before being disbanded in 1940. The squadron was re-formed briefly in 1945 and then again in 1947 as a fleet requirements unit to evaluate naval use of helicopters. Since the 1950s the squadron has been involved in the basic training of helicopter aircrew, and currently forms part of the Defence Helicopter Flying School at RAF Shawbury.
History.
Pre-war and World War II (1936 - 1945).
705 Flight was formed from No 447 Flight Royal Air Force, standing up in June 1936. Operational control of naval aviation was returned to the Royal Navy on 30 July 1937, and during this period the squadron operated the Fairey Swordfish biplane torpedo bomber from the battlecruisers "Repulse" and "Renown". The aircraft were equipped with floats so that they could be launched from the ships by catapult and then recovered from the water by crane. 705 achieved squadron status in 1939. Early in World War II the squadron saw service protecting troop convoys and hunting raiders on the North America and West Indies Station. After disembarkation to RNAS Lee-on-Solent in 1939, the squadron was disbanded in 1940. 705 Naval Air Squadron was briefly reformed in 1945 and carried out the role of torpedo training.
Fleet Requirements Unit (1947 - 1950).
In May 1947, 705 Squadron was re-commissioned at RNAS Gosport with the Sikorsky Hoverfly element from 771 NAS. At first the squadron operated as a fleet requirements unit, and was responsible for the evaluation of the helicopter for use at sea. On 1 February 1947 Lieutenant K Reed carried out the first helicopter deck landing on a Royal Navy ship when he landed on HMS "Vanguard" off Portland.
Tri-service basic flying training (1997 - present).
In April 1997 705 NAS disbanded and reformed at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire as part of the Defence Helicopter Flying School (DHFS), flying the Eurocopter Squirrel HT Mk 1 helicopter.
Current Role.
Within DHFS, 705 Squadron provides the single-engine advanced training element of basic helicopter flying training for all three services, as well as pilots from foreign and Commonwealth countries. Within this remit, 705 Squadron teaches instrument flying, navigation, night flying and search and rescue techniques.
In addition to pure flying training, 705 Squadron also provides a naval focus for naval officers operating within an otherwise joint service and largely civilian-run organisation. The squadron is commanded by a Royal Navy lieutenant commander, and has a Royal Navy "senior pilot", while the flight commander billets are filled in rotation by officers from the army and RAF. Naval graduates of DHFS are streamed towards Merlin, Commando Sea King or Lynx training squadrons.
Aircraft flown.
The squadron has flown a number of aircraft types since its formation, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="19947911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947911" title="Soden v British and Commonwealth Holdings plc">
Soden v British and Commonwealth Holdings plc

Soden v British and Commonwealth Holdings plc AC 298 is a UK insolvency law case, decided in the House of Lords. It decided that damages for negligent misrepresentation inducing purchase of company shares are not "sums due" to shareholders for the purpose of the Insolvency Act 1986, s 74(2)(f), so that a claim for such damages is not subordinated to claims from other creditors.
Facts.
British and Commonwealth Holdings plc ("BCH") bought all the shares in Atlantic Computers plc ("AC") for £434m in 1988. Both went into administration. BCH brought an action against AC for negligent misrepresentation, which induced BCH to buy shares, and also against its advisors in the acquisition Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. ("BZW") started proceedings against AC for contribution.
AC's administrator appealed against a Court of Appeal ruling, arguing that neither BZW's, nor BCH's claim would be subordinated to the claims of other creditors under s 74(2)(f) IA 1986.
Judgment.
The House of Lords (Lord Browne-Wilkinson, Lloyd, Steyn, Hoffmann and Hope) dismissed the appeal. Sums due to a "member of the company (in his character as a member)" within s 74(2)(f) only extended to sums recoverable in actions based on the statutory contract between the members and the company under the Companies Act 1985 s 14(1) and did not include the type of damages sought by BCH. Lord Browne-Wilkinson gave the lead judgment.

</doc>
<doc id="19947926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947926" title="Grandi cacciatori">
Grandi cacciatori

Grandi cacciatori is a 1988 Italian adventure film directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19947957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947957" title="Hielscher">
Hielscher

Hielscher is a German surname, which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19947964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947964" title="Michelle Stuart">
Michelle Stuart

Michelle Stuart through her art has created complex, multifaceted investigations of the relationship between nature and culture for over four decades. Her artworks range in scale from monumental earthworks to intimate talismanic sculptures. In the seventies, Stuart became known as a pioneer in the use of nontraditional materials, introducing into her art earth, seeds, plant parts, ash, fossils and archaeological shards. Her body of work is informed by her interest in archaeology, anthropology, cartography, botany, biology, exploration, literature and history. It addresses the metaphysical while remaining profoundly rooted in its own materiality.
Narrative.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stuart’s experiments with alternative mediums led to her earth rubbings (often called “scrolls”), which were created through a process of smashing, pulverizing, rubbing and imprinting soil and rock into sheets of scroll-like paper. This important body of luminous monochromatic drawings offered the revolutionary gestures of both bringing land art into the gallery and expanding the Minimalist vocabulary to include nontraditional materials. Grounded in the particular place from whence she gathered her materials (like Sayreville, NJ, the Mesa Verde, CO, or the Honduran Mayan archaeological site of Copán), Stuart’s works explore the elements inherent to that locale and displace them in a translated artistic form within the gallery or museum context. During this time, Stuart investigated other means of addressing specific sites through her ambitious landworks or, as she terms them, “drawings in the landscape”. In "Niagara Gorge Path Relocated" (1975), the artist situated a 460-foot scroll of paper cascading down a large bank of the Niagara River Gorge at Art Park. For "Stone Alignments/Solstice Cairns" (1979), she positioned 3,400 boulders in a linear configuration which indicated the rise and fall of the sun at its summer solstice.
Throughout the 70s, Stuart also proved a resonant voice in the development of the Women’s Movement. She participated in gatherings of female art professionals in New York City; in 1976 she helped found "Heresies", a feminist publication devoted to art, politics and history. She also helped create the Women’s Art Registry in New York, which became an important alternative, grassroots method of disseminating information about underrecognized female artists.
In the 1980s, Stuart shifted her focus. She embarked on a series of large gridded paintings that introduced beeswax, seashells, blossoms, leaves and sand imbedded in an encaustic surface. Their rich, thick materiality and large scale invite a prolonged contemplative exploration of nature, mirroring the work of Romantic poets, novelists and artists. Furthermore, the even surface treatment and gridded system promote a non-hierarchical world of composition; it allows perception to oscillate between consideration of the fragment and the whole. At this time, Stuart also created complex multi-media installations involving light and sound elements. For one such work, "Ashes in Arcadia" (1988), Stuart filled a room in the Rose Art Museum in Waltham, MA, with a monumental encaustic relief painting, as well as earth, fossils, books, rocks, plants, glass, metal, refuse, ashes and the haunting sounds of a humpback whale. A site of charred remains of a paradise lost, this work expresses Stuart’s discontent with America’s irresponsible treatment of its own natural and cultural environment.
Since then, Stuart has extended her meditation on the vulnerability and endurance of nature. Her series titled "Extinct" (1993) was inspired by her discovery of a Victorian album of leaves lovingly preserved for posterity; it remarks on our own practices of consumption and conservation. For one work in the series, she revisited the grid formation, but this time placed a variety of fragile, dried plants within each compartment, rendering once vibrant, living elements of a garden into tragic specimens. During this time, Stuart also created the "Seed Calendar" drawings, which employ the grid to map the maturation stages of a seed; yet, each seed is entombed within wax, thus hinting at and illustrating growth without the possessing the liberty to fulfill it. Stuart further explored the dormancy and potential, yet unreleased growth, promised by seeds in her series of table and container sculptures, which allude to displays in natural history museums.
Throughout her career, Stuart has also sought to manifest her love of literature and the writing process through a variety of strategies. In the early 70s, she began to create the Rock Book series, artworks that in their use of natural materials from specific sites might be considered alternative travel logs. These works take the form of tattered, bound journals made of earth rubbings; mysteriously, they contain no words, but rather conflate a major subject of writing—nature, and the material itself, thus enabling the viewer to “read” the landscape in an extra-semiotic manner. For example, in "Homage to the Owl from Four Corners" (1985), earth, owl feathers, string and beeswax are brought together to form a book. And throughout her oeuvre, elements of language recur in the form of fragments of texts, petroglyphs, postcards, logbooks and maps. Furthermore, Stuart has published numerous artists books, including "The Fall" (1976), a book-length prose poem about the fervor of keeping historical records. Her recent "Butterflies and Moths" (2006)juxtaposes Stuart’s own gouache inkblots of the winged creatures with relevant quotes from writers including Vladmir Nabokov, Federico García Lorca, Nathanial Hawthorne, Buckminster Fuller and Stuart herself.
Stuart currently lives and works in New York City and Amagansett, Long Island.
Selected Exhibition History, Collections and Awards.
Michelle Stuart has exhibited widely in Europe, Asia and the United States for more than thirty years. Selected exhibitions include: the Museum of Modern Art, New York; the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles; the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Washington, D.C.; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; the Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford; the Art Museum of the Ateneum, Helsinki, Finland; the Musée d’Arts de Toulon, France; the American Academy of Arts & Letters; Kunsthalle, Hamburg, Germany; and the National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto, Japan.
She has had one-person exhibits at the Walker Art Center, Minneapolis; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA; The Rose Art Museum, Waltham, MA; the Gemeentemuseum Den Haag, Netherlands; the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London; Williams College Museum of Art, Williamstown, MA; Centre d’Arts Plastique Contemporaines de Bourdeaux, France; The Arts Club of Chicago; Everson Museum of Art, Syracuse, NY; Galerie Ueda and Ueda Warehouse Tokyo, Japan and individual galleries in both the United States and Europe.
Stuart’s works were featured in Documenta VI, Kassel, Germany and in the American Biennial Pavilions in Seoul, Korea, and Cairo, Egypt.
Among her commissions are a grand lobby installation: "Paradisi: A Garden Mural", at the Brooklyn Museum of Art. Site sculptures include "Starmarker" and "Star Chart: Constellations", in Wanas Sculpture Garden, Knislinge, Sweden; "Garden of Four Seasons", Scheide Music Center, Wooster, Ohio; "Garden of Four Seasons", a bronze/marble sculpture relief in Tochige, Japan and Tabula, a thirty-four-part marble relief at the New Stuyvesant High School in Battery Park, New York City, for which she won a New York City Art Commission Award for Design.
Selected collections include The Museum of Modern Art, New York; The Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles; The Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago; The Whitney Museum of American Art; National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; The Detroit Institute of Art; The Philadelphia Museum; the Brooklyn Museum; Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo; Kaiser Wilhelm Museum, Krefeld; Moderna Museet, Stockholm; Musée d’Art de Toulon; Parrish Art Museum, Southhampton; Allen Memorial Art Museum, Oberlin; Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney and the National Collection of Art, Canberra, Australia, among others. The selected private collections include those of Agnes Gund, Werner Kramarsky, Dorothy and Herbert Vogel, New York; Jil Sander, Hamburg and the Ammann Collection, Zurich.
Stuart was a resident at the American Academy in Rome. Among the grants that she has received are John Simon Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship; four National Endowment for the Arts Fellowships, two New York Foundation for the Arts grants, and a Ford Foundation grant. She is an Academician of the National Academy.
Selected bibliography.
Alloway, Lawrence. “Michelle Stuart: a Fabric of Significations” "Artforum", v10, January, 1974. pp64–65.
———"Michelle Stuart: An Illustrated Essay". New York: State University of New York at Oneonta, 1975.
———“A Book Review” "Art-Rite magazine", #14, Winter, 1977.
———"Michelle Stuart: Voyages". Hillwood Art Gallery, LIU, NY 1985.
Beal, Graham W. J. "Michelle Stuart: Place and Time." Minneapolis: Walker Art Center, 1983.
———"Second Sight Biennial IV". San Francisco: Museum of Modern Art, 1986.
Casey, Edward S. "Earth Mapping: Artists Reshaping Landscape." Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2005.
Cullen, Deborah. “Strategies of Narration, Fifth International Cairo Biennale” in "Arts in America", USIA, 1994.
Foreman, Richard. "Natural Histories". Santa Fe: Bellas Artes, 1996.
Gregg, Gail. “Natural Selection Studio”. "ARTnews," March 1999. pp. 98–99.
Hobbs, Robert. “Michelle Stuart: Atavism, Geomythology and Zen”. "Womanart", vol. 1, no.4 Spring-Summer 1977.
———"Michelle Stuart," Cambridge: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1977.
Lippard, Lucy R. "From the Center", New York: E. P. Dutton, 1976.
———“Art Outdoors: In and Out of the Public Domain”. "Studio International", vol. 193, no. 2, Mar.-Apr. 1977.
———“A New Landscape Art”, "MS Magazine", Apr. 1977.
———“Quite Contrary: Body, Nature, and Ritual in Women's Art”, "Chrysalis", #2, Los Angeles, CA, 1977.
———“Surprises: An Anthological Introduction to Some Women Artists’ Books”, "Chrysalis", No.5, Los Angeles, CA, 1977.
———"Strata: Nancy Graves, Eva Hesse, Michelle Stuart, Jackie Winsor." Vancouver: Vancouver Art Gallery, 1977.
———"Michelle Stuart: From the Silent Garden," (Introduction) Williamstown, MA: Williams College, 1979.
Lovelace, Carey. “Michelle Stuart’s Silent Gardens” "Arts Magazine", September, 1988. pp77–79.
Munro, Eleanor. "Originals: American Women Artists". New York: Simon and Schuster, 1979.
Stoops, Susan. "Silent Gardens-the American Landscape." Waltham, MA: Rose Art Museum (Brandeis University), 1988.
———"Ashes in Arcadia". Waltham, MA: Rose Art Museum (Brandeis University), 1988.
———“Michelle Stuart: A Personal Archeology”, "Woman's Art Journal," vol. 14, #2, Fall 1993-Winter 1994. pp. 17–21.
———"More Than Minimal: Feminism and Abstraction in the 1970s", Waltham, MA: Rose Art Museum (Brandeis University), 1996.
Robert Storr. "On the Edge: Contemporary Art from the Werner and Elaine Dannheiser Collection", New York: The Museum of Modern Art, 1997.
Ruzicka, Joseph. “Essential Light: The Skies of Michelle Stuart”, "Art in America", June 2000. pp. 86–89.
Varnedoe, Kirk. "Primitivism in 20th Century Art: Affinity of the Tribal and the Modern." New York: Museum of Modern Art, 1984.
Westfall, Stephen. “Melancholy Mapping” "Art in America", February, 1987. pp 104–9.

</doc>
<doc id="19947968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947968" title="Telesarchus (disambiguation)">
Telesarchus (disambiguation)

Telesarchus (Greek Τελέσαρχος, "Telesarkhos") is the name of several minor figures whose lives are attested in ancient Greek literary sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19947973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947973" title="Seneca Academy and Circle School">
Seneca Academy and Circle School

Seneca Academy is a private school (grades Kindergarten-5) in Darnestown, Maryland. The current head of the school is Brooke Carroll, who took over when the founder, Jodi Thurmond, left in 2007.
History.
Jodi Thurmond and her partner Marty Long founded The Circle School in 1983. The Circle School operated as a preschool and kindergarten for 15 years. In 1997, the school moved to a new building in Darnestown and began an elementary program, adding a grade each year. With the addition of the elementary program, the school changed its name to "Seneca Academy."
In 2009, Seneca Academy became the first International Baccalaureate Primary Years Candidate Program in a private school in Montgomery County, MD.
In 2012, Seneca Academy became the first private authorized International Baccalaureate (IB) Primary Years Program World School in Montgomery County, Maryland. 
Memberships.
International Baccalaureate (IB) World School
Seneca Academy is a member of the Association of Independent Maryland Schools (AIMS), and the Washington Small Schools Association (WSSA).
Seneca Academy Song.
Oh Seneca Oh Seneca
'Mong grassy fields and trees
The Maryland sunshine warms our hearts and puts our minds at ease.
Old friends and new come marching through
All our learning days
We circle 'round by pride were bound
To raise our fists and say "Hooray!"
Oh Seneca Oh Seneca your gift will always be
To help our minds stay strong and pure 
For knowledge is the key!

</doc>
<doc id="19947980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947980" title="Kaya Köstepen">
Kaya Köstepen

Kaya Köstepen (12 December 1934 – 29 June 2011) was a Turkish football player who played club football for Altay and Beşiktaş. He was born in Aydın. He also earned four caps for the Turkish national side.
Köstepen died on 29 June 2011 in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="19947988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947988" title="S. Rangarajan">
S. Rangarajan

Srinivasan Rangarajan (April 10, 1936 - February 8, 2007) was an Indian journalist, entrepreneur, cricketer, film producer and socialite. He is the youngest son of K. Srinivasan and grandson of S. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar.
Early life.
Rangarajan was born in Madras to K. Srinivasan, Editor and Managing Director of "The Hindu" on April 10, 1936. He studied in Madras and became a Director in "The Hindu" in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19947999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19947999" title="Timson">
Timson

Timson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948005" title="Báječná léta pod psa">
Báječná léta pod psa

Báječná léta pod psa (English - The Blissful Years of Lousy Living) is a 1997 movie, adapted from the book of the same title by Michal Viewegh. The film is directed by Petr Nikolaev.
Plot.
It's the beginning of the 1950s in Czechoslovakia where the heavy impact of the Soviet Union influences all the happenings in the country. A young mother, played by Libuše Šafránková and a father, played by Ondřej Vetchý, are expecting their first baby. They have already agreed on a name - Quido. The baby is due to be born on August 5, but because nothing happens as planned, Quido is born earlier, during the performance Waiting for Godot written by Samuel Beckett. This might have influenced his life because since that moment he seems to be a genius boy. Of course his intelligence makes him trouble during his teenage years at school and also during his attempts to get a girlfriend. Eventually he manages to pick the right one.
For Quido everything suddenly looks wonderful, when another disaster comes. His father starts to suffer from persecution mania after he has been degraded from his job and asked to come to a police interrogation. He changes completely and thinks that the situation becomes unbearable. That's why he is making himself a coffin. Quido's mother feels desperate and comes with an idea which could save her husband. She wants Quido to have his own baby so that her husband could see the world from a better perspective again.
Eventually the whole situation is saved not only by Quido's child, but mainly by The Velvet Revolution in 1989.
As a result Quido's father starts to feel much better. The whole atmosphere is then interrupted by the fact that it becomes more and more obvious that the situation hasn't changed that much.

</doc>
<doc id="19948006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948006" title="Schieder">
Schieder

Schieder is a German surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948047" title="List of Jonas Brothers concert tours">
List of Jonas Brothers concert tours

The following is a list of tours by the Jonas Brothers.
Jonas Brothers Fall 2005 Promo Tour.
The Jonas Brothers Fall 2005 Promo Tour was the Jonas Brothers first tour, to promote their debut album "It's About Time". It began on November 5, 2005, and ended on December 17, 2005. The tour also became a part of The Cheetah-licious Christmas Tour, as the Jonas Brothers were surprise guests who opened for both The Cheetah Girls and Aly & AJ for a total of 10 dates, while on this tour.
Jonas Brothers American Club Tour.
The Jonas Brothers American Club Tour was also held promote their debut album, "It's About Time". Most of the tour was held in clubs and very small venues, as the band wasn't very well known at the time; relating with the equally young artist, Jen Marks. The tour began on January 28, 2006 and ended on March 3, 2006. They played a total of 28 shows.
Marvelous Party Tour.
The Marvelous Party Tour (often called the "Prom Tour") was the third tour from the Jonas Brothers. It is a prom-themed summer/fall tour that promoted their second album, "Jonas Brothers". The tour contained decorations such as photo booths to add realism to the prom theme. It began on June 25, 2007 and ended on October 21, 2007. It lasted for a total of 46 dates, making it their longest tour to date in 2007.
Best of Both Worlds Tour.
The Jonas Brothers were the opening act for Miley Cyrus' Best Of Both Worlds Tour. The tour went from October 18, 2007 to January 9, 2008.
The Best Damn Tour.
The Jonas Brothers were the opening act for Avril Lavigne' The Best Damn World Tour
Burnin' Up Tour.
The Burnin' Up Tour is the fifth concert tour by the Jonas Brothers. This tour was to promote their third album "A Little Bit Longer". This tour had also promoted Disney Channel Original Movie, Camp Rock in which the Jonas Brothers had starred. Also, the Burning Up Tour was used to promote Disney starlet, Demi Lovato's music. The tour had started on July 4, 2008. The shows performed in Anaheim on July 13 and 14 were filmed for the concert film "" which was released February 27, 2009. The film includes musical duets from Demi Lovato and Joe, Taylor Swift with the brothers and the Jonas' bodyguard Robert "Big Rob" Feggans; all three were credited as the main cast of this film. The live soundtrack was released the same week prior to the film's release on February 24, 2009.
Avril Lavigne, Demi Lovato, The Veronicas, Robert Schwartzman of Rooney and country star Taylor Swift as guest performers on several tour dates. Taylor Swift performed her single "Should've Said No" as a duet with the Jonas Brothers. The tour went on to gross US$41 million in 48 shows. Honor Society opened for the Jonas Brothers and guest performed with them in Puerto Rico on March 22, 2009.
Jonas Brothers World Tour 2012/2013.
The Jonas Brothers World Tour 2012/2013 is the eighth concert tour by the Jonas Brothers. This tour was to promote their new album. On tour performed three new songs from the new album Let's Go, Wedding Bells (As some concerts) and First Time (As some concerts).
Jonas Brothers Live Tour.
The Jonas Brothers Live Tour is the ninth and final concert tour by American pop/rock band, the Jonas Brothers before their split on October 29, 2013. This tour included cities in the United States and Canada to promote their unreleased album V after their 2009 Lines, Vines and Trying Times. On October 9, 2013, the group cancelled their highly anticipated comeback tour days before it was slated to start, citing a "deep rift within the band" over "creative differences".
V.
Their fifth studio album, which will be their first not to be released through Hollywood Records since 2006 and their first record since 2009's Lines, Vines and Trying Times, was scheduled to be released in 2013. The lead single, "Pom Poms" was released on April 2, 2013. The music video for the song was filmed in February 2013 in New Orleans, Louisiana and premiered on E! on April 2, 2013. "First Time", the second single from their fifth album, was released on June 25, 2013. On July 10, 2013, the group announced that their fifth studio album would be titled "V" (pronounced: Five), the roman numeral for five.
On October 9, 2013, the group cancelled their highly anticipated comeback tour days before it was slated to start, citing a "deep rift within the band" over "creative differences". Following the tour cancellation, the Jonas Brothers' Twitter page went offline and the brothers' individual accounts became temporarily obsolete; causing several media outlets to report that a break-up was imminent. On October 29, 2013, the Jonas Brothers officially confirmed their split and announced that the release of "V" had been cancelled.
LiVe.
During an interview, Nick Jonas stated that the album wouldn't be released but decided to release 16 recordings to their Team Jonas fan club members. "We want to do something special for our fans because they've been so supportive of us for so many years. What we've decided to do is package an album with 10 live tracks from the summer tour and four of the songs that would have been on "V", and if you count "Pom Poms" and "First Time", it's actually 6 songs that would have been on "V". We’ll be sending that out soon for the fans." The album was released with the title "LiVe", noting the letter "V" in caps as a reference to their would-be fifth studio album of the same name.
Dates.
Cancellations

</doc>
<doc id="19948048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948048" title="Eugen York">
Eugen York

Eugen York (26 November 1912 – 18 November 1991) was a German film director. He directed 35 films between 1938 and 1984.
He was born in Rybinsk, Russia and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19948049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948049" title="Victor Denenberg">
Victor Denenberg

Victor H. Denenberg (April 3, 1925 – July 19, 2008) was an American developmental psychobiologist. He obtained his Ph.D. in 1953 from Purdue University, where he became Assistant Professor and remained through 1969. In 1969 he became a Professor at the University of Connecticut at Storrs, in the newly formed program in Biobehavioral Sciences, of which he was the Head from 1984 to 2000. After his retirement in 2000, he became a Professor Emeritus at the University of Washington. Denenberg published over 400 scholarly papers and book chapters and trained over 70 M.S. and Ph.D. students.

</doc>
<doc id="19948052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948052" title="Club de Campo Villa de Madrid">
Club de Campo Villa de Madrid

Club de Campo Villa de Madrid is a country club located in Madrid, Spain. The club was formed in 1929, and is regarded as one of the most prestigious in the country. It has a wide array of sports facilities including two championship golf courses, hockey pitches, tennis courts and swimming pools.
Golf.
The Javier Arana designed Negro (or Black) course opened in 1984, and is the venue for current European Tour event, the Madrid Masters, having previously hosted both the Open de Madrid and the Open de España on many occasions.
The Amarillo (or Yellow) course was designed by Seve Ballesteros.
Hockey.
The club hosted the 2006 Women's World Cup, won by The Netherlands.
Tennis.
The club hosted the 2008 Fed Cup final, when Russia defeated Spain 4–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19948053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948053" title="Afia Nathaniel">
Afia Nathaniel

Afia Nathaniel is an independent Pakistani filmmaker who works primarily as a writer, director, producer and editor. She is a graduate of the Film Division at the Columbia University School of the Arts (2006).
Early life.
Afia Nathaniel was born in Quetta, Pakistan. She is the eldest of three girls. Her father was in the Armed Forces and her mother a professor of English. Afia was brought up and educated in Lahore.
Education.
Afia did her Senior Cambridge from Convent of Jesus and Mary, Lahore. She then attended Kinnaird College from 1991–1994, graduating with a B.Sc. degree. She majored in Mathematics with a minor in Physics. In college, Afia participated actively in debating forums, poetry competitions and dramatics. She was elected the President of Science Club by the students at Kinnaird. Afia was awarded the prestigious Mangat Rai Gold Medal in 1994 in recognition of her outstanding academic record and extracurricular achievements.
In August 1994, Afia joined Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) to pursue a B.Sc. in Computer Science. She graduated from LUMS in 1997.
In 2001, Columbia University offered Afia Nathaniel a two year Dean’s fellowship to come and join their MFA Film programme. Afia won several accolades for her short films which spurred the growth of New Wave of Pakistani independent cinema.
Early career.
In the absence of any film schools in Pakistan, Afia Nathaniel, joined Publicis Pakistan (formerly Headstart) and began a career in advertising soon after graduating from LUMS. She was quickly promoted to head the Creative Department at Publicis Pakistan.
In 1999, Afia left Pakistan to work with the World YWCA, an international women’s non-profit organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland. She attended the UN Commission on Human Rights from 1999–2001 and worked with women in over 100 countries in the areas of peace, justice, health, human rights and environment. Afia was appointed as the Communications Manager for the endowment campaign of the World YWCA.
Film career.
In 2008, Afia founded Zambeel Films, a film production company in Pakistan, specialising in producing local independent films for a global audience.
Personal life.
Afia is currently based in New York City, where she lives with her husband and daughter.
Awards.
Film Awards/Honours/Grants
Academic Awards/Fellowships/Grants
Film festivals.
Toba Tek Singh (Short Film) - "Writer, Director, Producer, Editor, Executive Producer"
Long After... (Muntazir) (Short Film) - "Writer, Director, Producer, Editor, Executive Producer"
Butterfly (Short Film) - "Writer"

</doc>
<doc id="19948084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948084" title="Korfos">
Korfos

Korfos () is a small port town located on the coast of Sofiko Bay, in the southeastern part of Corinthia, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19948104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948104" title="Thomas Bond (British physician)">
Thomas Bond (British physician)

Dr Thomas Bond FRCS, MB BS (London), (1841–1901) was a British surgeon considered by some to be the first offender profiler, and best known for his association with the notorious Jack the Ripper murders of 1888.
Early life.
Born in Somerset, Bond was a student to his maternal uncle, Dr McCann of Southampton, before training at King's College and King's College Hospital in London where he won the Gold Medal of the University of London for his Bachelor of Surgery examination. In 1864 Bond was appointed MRCS, graduated MB BS in 1865, and in 1866 FRCS. In 1866 he joined the Prussian Military Service in which he attended the sick during a cholera epidemic. During the Austro-Prussian War he carried a despatch from the Prussian Army through the Austrian lines to the Italian lines.
Medical career.
Returning to London, Bond set up practice in Westminster, and was appointed Surgeon to the Metropolitan Police's A Division (Westminster) in 1867. He won a post at the Westminster Hospital in 1873 after several failed elections, and he spent his entire career at that hospital, firstly as an Assistant Surgeon and, from 1895, as a Full Surgeon.
As Surgeon to the Metropolitan Police's 'A Division' he dealt with many important cases, including those of Mary Jane Kelly, Kate Webster, Percy Lefroy Mapleton and the "Thames Torso Murders" investigations of 1887-1889. Bond also examined the bodies of Rose Mylett and Alice Mackenzie and submitted reports on both. Bond was described as being among the best of medical witnesses as his evidence was always clear. Bond was an early offender profiler, and attempted to profile the personality of Jack the Ripper in 1888.
Jack the Ripper.
On 25 October 1888, Robert Anderson wrote to Bond asking him to examine material connected with the Jack the Ripper investigation. In his letter Anderson enclosed copies of the evidence given at the inquests into the murders of Polly Nichols, Annie Chapman, Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes, and asked Bond to deliver his "opinion on the matter." 
Bond examined the papers for two weeks and replied to Anderson on 10 November 1888. Mary Jane Kelly had been killed the morning before in Dorset Street, and Bond had spent much of that day performing her autopsy. 
Bond's report said: 
Later years.
A keen huntsman, Bond rode with the Badminton Hounds at Chippenham and the Devon and Somerset Staghounds on Exmoor. He once recommended a tired City businessman: 'You will hunt with the Devon & Somerset staghounds three days a week in August and four in September, and you will drink each alternate evening a pint of Champagne and a pint of Burgundy.’ He was also a regular judge at horse shows.
Bond committed suicide in 1901 by throwing himself from a bedroom window following a long period of insomnia caused by pain he had been suffering since middle-age, and which he had treated with narcotics.
Thomas Bond was buried in Orchard Portman churchyard in Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="19948107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948107" title="All I Have to Do Is Dream (album)">
All I Have to Do Is Dream (album)

All I Have to Do Is Dream contains the same songs as Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell from 1968 plus the 1970 single track "All I Have To Do Is Dream".
Track listing.
Side 1: 
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19948109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948109" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres

The men's C-2 500 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
19 teams entered in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Two repechages were held. The top four finishers from each repechage and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Two semifinals were held. The top four finishers from each semifinal and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 4.
Juravschi, in his third Summer Olympics with his third different country, convinced his old partner Reneysky, who he won gold with in this event at the 1988 Summer Olympics, in 1994 to compete with him. The pair lost to the gold-medal winning Hungarians in a photo-finish by less than two centimeters (0.75 inches). Prior to that Reneysky was a coach for Belarus

</doc>
<doc id="19948126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948126" title="A Terceira Lâmina">
A Terceira Lâmina

A Terceira Lâmina is the fourth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1981.
Track listing.
2003 Re-Issue.
All music by Zé Ramalho.

</doc>
<doc id="19948133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948133" title="Fani Madida">
Fani Madida

Fani Madida (born 7 December 1966) in Newcastle, KwaZulu Natal is a retired South African association football player who played in South Africa for Kaizer Chiefs and Hellenic and in Turkey for Beşiktaş, Antalyaspor and Bursaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="19948136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948136" title="Miriam Mosessohn">
Miriam Mosessohn

Miriam Mosessohn (Markel) (1841 – 1920) was a Russian author and translator who wrote in Hebrew.
Mosessohn was born in Kovno (Kaunas). At the age of 13 she removed with her parents to Suwalki, where she continued her Hebrew studies under the Hebraist Paradiesthal, devoting herself at the same time to the German and French languages and literatures. She then translated German novels into Hebrew, her first attempt being a translation of Philippson's "Der Flüchtling aus Jerusalem" (in manuscript). Family troubles, however, prevented her from devoting herself entirely to this class of work, and only one book of hers was published, namely, "Ha-Yehudim be-Angliya", i. (Warsaw, 1869), a translation in pure and elegant Hebrew of Francolm's "Die Juden und die Kreuzfahrer".

</doc>
<doc id="19948143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948143" title="Religion in the Czech Republic">
Religion in the Czech Republic

Religion in the Czech Republic was dominated by Christianity until at least the first half of the 20th century; since then it has steadily declined and today the Czech Republic has one of the least religious populations in the world. Religions other than Christianity make up a small minority, with the largest being Buddhism.
Historically, the Czech people have been characterised as "tolerant and even indifferent towards religion". According to the 2011 census, 34.2% of the population stated they had no religion, 10.3% was Roman Catholic, 0.8% was Protestant (0.5% Czech Brethren and 0.4% Hussite), and 9.4% followed other forms of religion both denominational or not. 45.2% of the population did not answer the question about religion. From 1991 to 2001 and further to 2011 the adherence to Roman Catholicism decreased from 39.0% to 26.8% and then to 10.3%; Protestantism similarly declined from 3.7% to 2.1% and then to 0.8%.
According to a Eurobarometer Poll in 2010, 16% of Czech citizens responded that "they believe there is a God" (the lowest rate among the countries of the European Union), whereas 44% answered that "they believe there is some sort of spirit or life force" and 37% said that "they do not believe there is any sort of spirit, God or life force".
Christianity.
Christianity has historically been the largest religion in the country, with virtually all Czechs being Christians until the 19th century. The Czechs gradually converted to Christianity from Slavic paganism between the 8th and the 10th century. Bořivoj I, Duke of Bohemia, baptised by the Saints Cyril and Methodius, was the first ruler of Bohemia to officially adopt Christianity as the state religion. Christianity has been on the decline since the 20th century and today only 13.9% of the Czech population still declare themselves religious of which 10.3% Catholics and less than 1% Protestant.
Roman Catholicism.
The Catholic Church was the main form of Christianity practiced by the Czechs (96.5% in 1910), until it started to decline after World War I and the breakup of Austria-Hungary due to a popular anti-Austrian and anticlerical mass movement. During the Czechoslovak unification under a Communist regime, most of the properties of the Church were confiscated by the government, although some were later returned. After the Communist regime fell, 39.0% of Czechs were still found to be Catholic in 1991, but the faith has continued to rapidly decline since. As of 2011 only 10.3% of the Czechs still consider themselves Catholic, which is about the same as in Protestant-majority England.
While most historically-Protestant countries in Europe have become largely irreligious over the past century, the Czech Republic is thus possibly the only example since the Reformation of a formerly almost entirely Catholic nation abandoning the faith almost completely over the course of a century, and is a phenomenon in stark contrast to the situation in neighboring Poland, or even Slovakia.
Protestantism.
In the 15th century, the religious and social reformer Jan Hus formed a movement later named after him. Although Hus was named a heretic and burnt in Constance in 1415, his followers seceded from the Catholic Church and in the Hussite Wars (1419–1434) defeated five crusades organized against them by the Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund. Petr Chelčický continued with the Czech Hussite Reformation movement. During the next two centuries, most of the Czechs became adherents of Hussitism.
After 1526 Bohemia came increasingly under Habsburg control as the Habsburgs became first the elected and then the hereditary rulers of Bohemia. The Defenestration of Prague and subsequent revolt against the Habsburgs in 1618 marked the start of the Thirty Years' War, which quickly spread throughout Central Europe. In 1620, the rebellion in Bohemia was crushed at the Battle of White Mountain, and the ties between Bohemia and the Habsburgs' hereditary lands in Austria were strengthened. The war had a devastating effect on the local population; the people were forced to convert to Roman Catholicism.
Today Protestantism has declined to be a small minority in the country, with only 0.5% of the Czechs adhering to the Evangelical Church of Czech Brethren and 0.4% to the Hussite Church.
Buddhism.
The 2001 census counted 6,817 registered Buddhists in the Czech republic. Most of the Vietnamese ethnic minority, which make up the largest immigrant ethnic group in the country, are adherents of Mahayana Buddhism, as are the much smaller Korean community. The Vietnamese mostly dwell in the cities of Prague and Cheb. Thein An Buddhist Temple in the northern province of Varnsdorf was the first Vietnamese-style temple to be consecrated in the Czech Republic, in January 2008. There are also ten Korean Buddhist temples in the Czech Republic, with three each in Prague and Brno.
Ethnic Czech Buddhists are otherwise mostly followers of Vajrayana Buddhism (Tibetan Buddhism). The Vajrayana practitioners are mainly centered on the Nyingma and Kagyu schools. The Karma Kagyu tradition has established about 50 centers and meditation groups. The Diamond Way tradition of Vajrayana Buddhism, founded and directed by Ole Nydahl is active in both the Czech Republic and Slovakia. A large temple of the school is going to be built in the city of Prague.
Paganism.
The revived native religion of the Slavs (Rodnovery in English, "Rodnověří" in Czech) has a presence in the Czech Republic. The largest organisation is the "Společenství Rodná Víra" ("Community of the Native Faith"). There are also Wiccan followers, and one Kemetic group in the country, Per Kemet.
Islam.
With its small immigrant population, the Czech Republic has a very little Islamic community in comparison to other European countries. The 2001 census counted 3,699 Muslims in the country.
Irreligion.
The Czech republic is one of the least religious countries in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19948144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948144" title="Ashkelon (disambiguation)">
Ashkelon (disambiguation)

Ashkelon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948145" title="Gustav Kampendonk">
Gustav Kampendonk

Gustav Kampendonk (30 May 1909 – 29 June 1966) was a German screenwriter. He wrote for 90 films between 1939 and 1966.
He was born in Hoengen, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19948166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948166" title="Skövde AIK">
Skövde AIK

Skövde AIK is a Swedish football club from Skövde. It was founded on 21 June 1919. The club is currently in Division 1 Södra.
Background.
Skövde AIK has played 14 seasons in second tier Swedish football, the last time being as recently as 1995 in the Division 1 Södra. Eight seasons later the club had plunged into Division 5 Västergötland Östra, the sixth tier, having been relegated 3 consecutive times between 2000 and 2002. However SAIK have made a dramatic recovery and by 2007 were back in Division 1 Södra which is now the third tier of Swedish football after 4 consecutive promotions. In 2006, Skövde AIK won the Division 2 Mellersta Götaland after defeating IK Sleipner 2-1 in the decisive final match before 2364 spectators. In 2009 the club just failed to get into the Superettan after missing out in the Promotion Playoffs.
The club is affiliated to the Västergötlands Fotbollförbund.
Attendances.
In recent seasons Skövde AIK have had the following average attendances:
Futsal.
The club also has a futsal team who has won SM-guld the previous 4 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19948201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948201" title="Three Points, California">
Three Points, California

Three Points is a scenic, sparsely populated settlement at the northwestern edge of Los Angeles County in the western Antelope Valley. It is on the northern edge of the Angeles National Forest, on the east side of Oakgrove Canyon where it opens out into Pine Canyon, 17.5 miles (28 km) north of Castaic.
A roadside welcome sign said in 1991 that the Three Points population was 150. In 2008 a newer sign gave the population as 200.
— "Los Angeles Times," June 16, 1991
History.
Early days.
Three Points was homesteaded in 1892 by the Lafferty family, 83-year-old Laura May Lafferty told a reporter in 1991. Her grandmother acted as a midwife, and her father, Ben Cherbbono, was a French Canadian muleskinner who led a team that helped grade the Ridge Route highway in the early part of the 20th Century. Gookins Lake in the area was named after her mother’s family, she said.
In those days, Three Points was graced with a one-room schoolhouse, Pine Canyon School, where in 1953 Mrs. Lillie Knighton taught children aged 6 to 14; in midwinter, a “huge pot-bellied stove . . . hissed with heat.”
The school also acted as a community center; movies related to classwork were shown each Thursday night, open to adults.
Apart from the school, a tavern variously called the Three Point Cafe, Maxine’s, and Nancy’s Up the Road Cafe, was another center of social life. Bert Gookins was the first owner and builder — sometime in 1912, or maybe 1924, Bert Hart, Gookins’ grandson, recalled. It was a grocery store once, Hart said, and perhaps the restaurant and bar were added in the 1930s or 1940s. The building was occasionally occupied by a traveling dentist who used a foot-powered drill.
Later years.
Michael and Anita Felix bought the cafe in 1984 with the idea of using its park-like grounds for special events. Two years later, Anita had a heart attack and so the Felixes began leasing it to other operators.
When Maxine Martin had it in 1991 it was a combination bar, restaurant, social club and video-rental store featuring a decor that included
a jukebox, animal traps, rattlesnake skins, guns, old photographs, dollar bills pinned to the wall, a bottle of pickled pig feet and a sign that says “All tabs must be paid by the end of the month.”
In November 1994 the Felixes resumed managing the cafe — but they opened it only on Saturdays and Sundays, and soon thereafter they put it up for sale.
In 2008 it was a private residence: An unusable gasoline pump in front was purely decorative, and the only sign of commerce was an outside vending machine that dispensed bottled water.
Government.
As an unincorporated community, there is no local government, but there is a Three Points–Liebre Mountain Town Council, which in March 2009 was working on a community standards district document and on emergency preparedness.
Fire danger.
Three Points was settled in a wooded valley shrouded in volatile pine trees, near a mountain fittingly named Burnt Peak, and the town has been threatened by fire many times over the decades. The earliest story about Three Points in the "Los Angeles Times," the closest metropolitan newspaper to the settlement, is dated August 24, 1927, and, like many such articles thereafter, it was reporting on a massive fire in the forested area.
AID SENT IN BRUSH FIRE : Blaze Unchecked on Ridge Route Hundred Men and Supplies Rush to Help 700 Already on Job Flames Advance to Three Points in Pine Canyon; No Lives Menaced.
Twenty-two years later, in 1949, another fire in the canyon made the news:
A freakish south-southeast wind which sprang up suddenly yesterday afternoon sent the Sawmill Mountain fire in the Angeles National Forest raging out of control again threatening 75 homes in the Three Points settlement, 16 miles west of Lake Hughes.
In July 2004, the "Times" reported, “two houses burned in Three Points, a place defined by the only business in town, a little red-shingled restaurant named the Three Point Cafe. A third house in the area burned Thursday.”
Education.
There is no longer a public school in the settlement. Three Points is part of the Westside Union School District of West Lancaster, which operates Del Sur, Joe Walker, Hill View, Cottonwood, Rancho Vista, Sundown, Valley View, Leona Valley, and Quartz Hill schools, through the eighth grade. [http://google.com/search?q=cache:vfinlqzPRPQJ:www.westside.k12.ca.us/+westside+union+school+district&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=1&gl=us&client=safari]
The community is within the Antelope Valley Union High School District and the Antelope Valley Community College District.
Library.
The Los Angeles County's public library sends its Antelope Valley bookmobile to Three Points from 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. one day a week.

</doc>
<doc id="19948218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948218" title="Fred Figglehorn">
Fred Figglehorn

Fred Figglehorn (stylized on webpage and on T-shirts as FЯED) is a fictional character created and portrayed by American actor Lucas Cruikshank. Fred is a 6-year-old boy, with a high voice, and has a dysfunctional home life and "anger management issues." Cruikshank, a teenager from Columbus, Nebraska, created the "Fred" video series for his channel on the video-sharing website YouTube, to center around the Fred character. Although Cruikshank voices Fred, the audio is digitally altered to sound higher-pitched than Cruikshank's true voice.
History.
Cruikshank introduced the Fred character in a video on JKL Productions, a channel he started on YouTube with his cousins, Jon and Katie Smet. He and his cousins set up the JKL Productions channel on June 11, 2006, and Cruikshank uploaded several videos testing out different characters. His first Fred video was uploaded on October 30, 2006, and when this character started to become popular, Cruikshank made more videos featuring Fred. On April 30, 2008, these videos were removed from JKL Productions, and added to the Fred channel. On May 1 the first official video of the series, titled "Fred on May Day" was released, explaining that Cruikshank asked YouTube for the Fred channel. Someone else previously owned the channel, which was later turned into one of Fred's enemies in the "Fred" series. By April 2009, the channel had over one million subscribers, making it the first YouTube channel to do so, and the most subscribed channel at the time. However, in August 2009, YouTube celebrities Ryan Higa's and Sean Fujiyoshi's channel, Nigahiga, overtook Fred as the most subscribed channel. It was the third to reach two million, in September 2010, shortly after falling to third. The channel reached 2.3 million subscribers in February 2012, and , the videos have received over 1.0 billion views.
In December 2009, Cruikshank filmed ', which aired on Nickelodeon on September 18, 2010. Nickelodeon created a franchise surrounding the character, the sequel, ', aired on October 22, 2011. In 2012 ' aired, consisting of 24 11-minute episodes, as well as a third movie, '.
Content.
Fred (stylized on webpages as FЯED) is an internet video series centering around the dysfunctional 6-year-old Fred Figglehorn, created by Lucas Cruikshank.
Fred lives with his recovering drug-addicted and alcoholic prostitute mother, whose deep voice is often heard, and his grandmother. It is implied that Fred has been the victim of child abuse (for example being locked in a dog cage for three days), however he frequently speaks of his love for his mother, particularly after her stay at rehab. Fred's father is mentioned several times as being on death row in the state penitentiary. Fred has not met his father, as he left Mrs. Figglehorn while she was still pregnant with Fred. In seasons one through three, Fred communicates with all characters off-screen.
On screen characters are seen for the first time in a dream sequence, in "Fred: A Star In His Own Mind", Fred dreams of being a famous actor, meeting fan girls and other famous actors. Season four, as it was filmed after "", marked a change in production style, it is filmed in a higher video quality, and shows other on-screen characters. The original production style was revived for a few episodes in 2010, introducing the Claudio character, after the movie was released in the UK, and ended when Cruikshank returned to movie filming. Leading up to the second movie's release, a new series, called "Figgle Chat" was produced and features internet and television stars. Following that, an animated series, "It's Fred!", named after Fred's catchphrase, began being uploaded to the channel.
Cruikshank has described the channel as "programming for kids by kids". The series is intended as a parody of people who, in Cruikshank's words, "think that everyone is so interested in them." Cruikshank believes that viewers either "automatically love Fred or automatically hate Fred, there is no in between". The videos primarily consist of the character speaking to the audience about what is happening in his life. Fred has a high-pitched "chipmunk" voice, making him sound more like a 6-year-old. According to Cruikshank, this effect, and the hyperactive appearance of the character, are achieved by speeding up the audio.
The first season follows Fred attempting to perform a number of activities during the summer, until his mother attends rehab. "Fred Goes Swimming" is the second most watched video on the Fred channel, with over 61 million views. The second season explores Fred's love for Judy, a girl in his class, and attending school. There Fred decides to run against class bully Kevin, for class president. The song "Watch How I Do This", by Kev Blaze, is featured in a number of the season 2 videos. Season three again follows the daily adventures of Fred, in school, and with classmates, and shows Fred's interest in singing. The fourth season, now with on-screen characters, shows Fred traveling around town trying out different occupations. Following this, Fred holds contests surrounding his first two movies, gets a visit from a creeping character named Claudio, gets invited to host a talk show, dispels rumours of being owned by Nickelodeon, and becomes animated.
The series uses a floating timeline, meaning it is always taking place in the current year, and Fred is perpetually 6 years old and in kindergarten.
Filmography.
This is a list of videos uploaded to the Fred channel. 60 videos are considered part of the original "Fred" series, however no official list exists. The YouTube show feature lists 49 episodes, spilt into four seasons, while a playlist, linked to from the Fred channel, named "Best of Fred!!!", contains 18 videos ranging from 2007 to 2010. Since the apparent end of the "Fred" series in early 2011, two series have been produced and uploaded, a six episode arc titled "Figgle Chat", where Fred interviews internet and television stars, and an animated series titled "It's FRED!", which shows Fred attend school, and the previously off-screen characters. Eight music videos are also listed here.
Albums.
"It's Hackin' Christmas with Fred".
"It's Hackin' Christmas with Fred" is a four-track EP released on November 10, 2009. The music videos for the singles "Christmas Cash" and "Christmas is Creepy" were also released on the Fred YouTube channel. The album was available online via iTunes.
"Who's Ready to Party?".
"Who's Ready to Party?" is an album released on September 21, 2010. The music videos for the singles "I Wanna Be A Celebrity", "Don't Forget to Brush", "Who's Ready to Party?", "The Babysitter's a Vampire", and "Tater Haters", were also released on the Fred YouTube channel.
Films.
"Fred: The Movie".
"Fred: The Movie" is a 2010 film based on the YouTube series about Fred Figglehorn. It features Lucas Cruikshank as Fred, Pixie Lott as Judy, Jennette McCurdy as Bertha, Jake Weary as Kevin, John Cena as Fred's dad, and Siobhan Fallon Hogan as Fred's mom. It follows the character as he tries to track down his crush, Judy (after she moves away). It is written by David A. Goodman, directed by Clay Weiner, and produced by Brian Robbins. Filming began November 9, 2009, and wrapped up December 20, 2009. The movie was released on Nickelodeon on September 18, 2010, and the DVD was released October 5, 2010 as well as streaming media such as Netflix.
"Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred".
"Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred" is a 2011 Halloween-themed sequel to "Fred: The Movie". It first aired on October 22, 2011. After Fred has broken up with Judy, he meets Kevin's sister Talia, and becomes convinced that his new neighbor is a vampire. The Judy character was written out, and Bertha was replaced with Daniella Monet.
"Fred 3: Camp Fred".
In late 2011, a third Fred movie was announced. "Fred 3: Camp Fred" premiered July 28, 2012, on Nickelodeon, which also aired "", a series of 24 11-minute-long episodes, in 2012. For summer, Fred attends Camp Iwannapeepee, where he meets several different characters, and must compete against Kevin's camp.
Sponsorship and appearances.
Zipit Wireless Messenger (Z2) sponsored the first season of "Fred", which had several cameos in various videos posted to the Fred channel. Although the collaboration had originally been kept low-key, Fred has a separate website promoting the Zipit. Walden Media hired Cruikshank to promote the film "City of Ember", along with the sci-fi novel it was based on, and cameos from the film's star Tim Robbins in Fred episodes and a mock movie trailer.
Cruikshank made a cameo appearance as both "Fred" and himself on Nickelodeon's "iCarly" in "iMeet Fred", which originally aired on February 16, 2009. Also in 2009, in the episode "Fred Gets Dissed at Bible School", the comedy film "Year One" is quoted several times.
Cruikshank has launched a website to promote the Fred series, and sell Fred T-shirts and other merchandise. The merchandise is also available at Hot Topic, Justice, and Five Below stores. Fred has appeared at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards as well as the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards presenting awards to winners off-stage.
In October and November 2011 videos were uploaded to the Fred channel, as well as Cruikshank's personal channel, with Ari Gold as his character Power, from the film "Adventures of Power".
Other channels.
Cruikshank was originally a part of JKL Productions, a group comprising twins Jon and Katie Smet and Lucas Cruikshank, their cousin. Although Cruikshank formally left the group, JKL prefers to keep Lucas' "L" in its name. Cruikshank deleted all of his individual videos when he left JKL Productions, but he can still be seen in a few of their videos. In January 2009 he set up his own channel, called "lucas", in which he appears as himself. In the June 25, 2010, Annoying Orange episode, Cruikshank made a cameo as Fred, the first time Fred has officially appeared on a different YouTube channel. In a video released August 29, 2013, on "lucas", Cruikshank reprised the Fred role, while his friend Jennifer Veal played Judy.

</doc>
<doc id="19948233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948233" title="Protection Command">
Protection Command

The Protection Command is one of the three Commands within the Specialist Operations directorate of London's Metropolitan Police Service. Within the Command, there are two branches - Specialist Protection and Royalty Protection, which provides protective security to the government/diplomatic community and Royal Family respectively. In contrast with the vast majority of British police officers, many members of the Protection Command routinely carry firearms in the course of their duties and all are Authorised Firearms Officers.
Branches.
Specialist Protection.
The Specialist Protection branch (SO1) is responsible for providing specialist protection for the current and former prime ministers, along with other government ministers. They also protect certain ambassadors, visiting dignitaries and other high-profile citizens who are deemed to be under possible assassination or terrorist threat.
Specialist Protection officers may be deployed at short notice, when information has been received that someone may be under threat. The command is also responsible for carrying out security assessments on civilian staff employed by those under protection, along with assessing security risks to the person protected. Specialist Protection officers also offer personal protection advice to people who could benefit from being protected, but who are not deemed to be of such a need that protection from the command is necessary.
It has some 230 members.
Royalty Protection.
The Royalty Protection Branch (SO14) provides protection for the Royal Family, both nationally and internationally. The branch has responsibility both for guarding the royal residences within London and those outside the city such as Windsor Castle, Balmoral Castle and Holyrood Palace, policing members of the public on tours of certain royal residences, as well as providing 24-hour uniformed guarding of certain royal buildings. The branch also offers protection for foreign royals visiting the United Kingdom.
As with all police officers of territorial police forces in England & Wales, Metropolitan Police officers have the powers and privileges of a constable throughout England and Wales. However, when assigned to the protection of people or property in Scotland or Northern Ireland, Metropolitan Police officers, uniquely, also have the powers and privileges of a constable of the local territorial police force in the discharge of that duty. It has some 400 members.
Diplomatic Protection Group.
The Diplomatic Protection Group (SO6) provides protection for foreign missions in London, including protecting diplomatic staff, embassies, ambassadorial residences, and visiting heads of state, heads of government, and ministers.
These officers are easily identified due to the fact that they drive red marked police vehicles, instead of the usual black and silver.
Palace of Westminster Division.
The Palace of Westminster Division (CO7) is responsible for the protection of the Houses of Parliament. It's officers are not armed.
In the media.
Because of their role in protection of high profile persons, the Protection Command attracts media attention:

</doc>
<doc id="19948254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948254" title="Hilde Körber">
Hilde Körber

Hilde Körber (3 July 1906 – 31 May 1969) was an Austrian film actress who worked largely in the German Film Industry. She appeared in 53 films between 1930 and 1964.
She was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19948255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948255" title="Torslanda IK">
Torslanda IK

Torslanda IK is a local sports club in Torslanda, Gothenburg, Sweden.
History.
Torslanda IK was founded in 1944. In the 1950s the sports club created sections for football, table tennis, handball and hockey. In the 1960s gymnastics and in 1972 bowling were added.
The men's A football team won Division VI titles in 1981 and 1985. The men's A team advanced to Division IV in 1987, winning that title in 1996.
The club's original clubhouse was built in 1979 at Torslandavallen but was destroyed by fire in 1992. A replacement clubhouse was inaugurated in March 1994.
Torslanda IK are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund.
Current squad.
as of 17. April 2012
 

</doc>
<doc id="19948283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948283" title="A Storm of Light">
A Storm of Light

A Storm of Light is a metal band from New York,
They have been categorized as post-rock, post-metal, doom metal, sludge metal and hard rock, but have moved toward a darker and heavier metal sound.
Rock-A-Rolla magazine's review of Nations to Flames states: "In upping the aggression, intensity and songwriting ability, they are once again overshadowing what's gone before and giving new reasons to appreciate a band that are already becoming one of the most crucial heavy acts around."
History.
A Storm of Light was founded in 2008 by bassist Domenic Seita and vocalist/guitarist/keyboardist Josh Graham. Graham is a former member of the post-rock outfit Red Sparowes, songwriter in Battle of Mice, and a longtime visual artist in residence with Neurosis (2000–2012). From 2011, drummer Billy Graves has completed the permanent lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="19948296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948296" title="1998 Asian Super Cup">
1998 Asian Super Cup

The 1998 Asian Super Cup was the 4th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1998 competition was contested by Pohang Steelers of South Korea, who won the 1997–98 Asian Club Championship, and Al Nassr of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup.
Pohang Steelers.
1Pohang Steelers goals always recorded first.
Al Nasr.
1 Al Nasr goals always recorded first. 
1 Al Shabab withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="19948307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948307" title="Julian Valentin">
Julian Valentin

Julian Valentin (born February 23, 1987) is an American retired professional soccer player.
Career.
Professional.
With the MLS Reserve Division having been scrapped at the end of 2008, Galaxy loaned Valentin to the Hollywood United Hitmen of the USL Premier Development League to maintain his match fitness levels.
Valentin was then loaned to Cleveland City Stars in the USL First Division on May 15, 2009.
Valentin signed with USSF Division 2 club FC Tampa Bay on 5 February 2010 and was named club captain on 6 April 2010.
On 3 February 2011, Valentin retired from professional play and accepted a job with the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="19948324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948324" title="Kenya Electricity Generating Company">
Kenya Electricity Generating Company

The company owns fourteen (14) hydropower stations with a combined capacity of 615.3 MW, three thermal power plants of 147 MW, two geothermal power plants of 115 MW and one wind farm of 5.1 MW resulting a total installed capacity of 882.4 MW for KenGen. 
The company was founded in 1998 when it was separated from the Kenya Power and Lighting Company (KPLC). The KenGen shares are also listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19948359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948359" title="John Palmer (actor)">
John Palmer (actor)

John Palmer (1742?–1798) was one of the most highly regarded actors on the English stage in the eighteenth century.
Birth and youth.
He was born in the parish of St Luke's, Old Street, London, about 1742, was son of a private soldier. In 1759 the father served under the Marquis of Granby, and subsequently, on the marquis's recommendation, became a bill-sticker and doorkeeper at Drury Lane Theatre.
When about eighteen the son John recited before David Garrick as George Barnwell and Mercutio; but Garrick found no promise in him, and joined his father in urging him to enter the army. Garrick even got a small military appointment for him; but Palmer refused to follow his counsel, and entered the shop of a print-seller on Ludgate Hill.
On 20 May 1762, for the benefit of his father and three others, he made his first appearance on any stage, playing Buck in the "Englishman in Paris". This performance he repeated for benefits on the 21st, 24th, and 25th.
Palmer was then engaged by Samuel Foote, who said that his "tragedy was damned bad", but "his comedy might do" for the "little theatre in the Haymarket", now known as the Haymarket Theatre, where, in the summer of 1762, he was the original Harry Scamper, an Oxford student, in Foote's "Oracle". Being refused an engagement by Garrick, whom he still failed to please, he joined a country company under Herbert, and played, at Sheffield, Richmond in "Richard III". Returning to London, he played, for the benefit of his father and others, George Barnwell in the "London Merchant".
He then re-engaged with Foote, but was dismissed in the middle of the season. After acting at Portsmouth he was engaged by Garrick, at a salary of 20 shillings. a week, for Drury Lane, but did not get higher than the Officer in 'Richard III' (act ii. sc. i.) For his father's benefit Palmer appeared as Dick in the "Apprentice". At the Haymarket, in the summer of 1764, he was the original Sir Roger Dowlas in Foote's "Patron". Being refused at Drury Lane an increase of salary, he went to Colchester, under Hurst, and was so lightly esteemed that, but for the intercession of Mrs. Webb, an actress of influence, he would have been discharged. In Norwich he married a Miss Berroughs, who had taken a box for his benefit. He then gave, at Hampstead and Highgate, and in various country towns, George Alexander Stevens's "Lecture on Heads", and, after playing with a strolling company, returned to London. In 1766, after refusing offers for Dublin and Convent Garden, he engaged with Garrick for Drury Lane, at a salary of 25 shillings a week, raised in answer to his remonstrance to 30 shillings. He appeared on 7 Oct. 1766 as Sir Harry Beagle in the "Jealous Wife".
He appears in the bills as "J. Palmer", being thus distinguished from his namesake, the elder John Palmer, known as 'Gentleman' Palmer (see below), who took leading business in the company.
Acting career.
Returning in the summer to the Haymarket, Palmer was on 2 July 1767 the original Isaacos in the mock tragedy of the "Tailors", and acted Ben Budge in the "Beggar's Opera", Morton in Hartson's "Countess of Salisbury", imported from Crow Street Theatre, Dublin, to the Lord William of Miss Palmer from Dublin, apparently no relation, and Young Rakish in the "School-boy".
Back at Drury Lane, he was on 23 Oct. 1767 the original Wilson in Garrick's "Peep behind the Curtain, or the New Rehearsal";
Furnival, a worthless barrister, in Kenrick's "Widow'd Wife"; on 23 Jan. 1768 Sir Harry Newburgh in Kelly's "False Delicacy", and, 21 March, Captain Slang in Bickerstaffe's "Absent Man", and played also Young Wilding in the "Liar", and Colonel Tamper in "The Deuce is in him".
The death of "Gentleman Palmer" in 1768 was followed by the engagement of John Palmer for four years, at a salary rising from forty to fifty shillings a week. The parts assigned him increased in number and importance. The death of Charles Holland and the secession of other actors also contributed to his advancement. It was, indeed, while replacing "Gentleman Palmer" as Harcourt in the "Country Girl", in about 1767, that Jack Plausible, as the second Palmer was generally called, established himself in Garrick's favour. He offered to play the part, with which he was quite unfamiliar, the following day. 'Read it, you mean,' said Garrick, who held impossible the mastery of such a character within the time accorded. When at rehearsal Palmer read the part, Garrick exclaimed:
"I said so! I knew he would not study it." At night Palmer spoke it with more accuracy than was often observable when better opportunities had been afforded him. Garrick also engaged Mrs. Palmer, who had never been upon the stage, and who, having through her marriage with an actor, forfeited the wealth she expected to inherit, was glad to accept the twenty shillings a week which, together with friendship never forfeited, Garrick proffered. Mrs. Palmer's appearances on the stage appear to have been few, and are not easily traced. The initial J. was dropped in 1769-70 from the announcements of Palmer's name in the playbills.
The omission gave rise to Foote's joke, that Jack Palmer had lost an I. Palmer was disabled for some months in consequence of an accident when acting Dionysius in the "Grecian Daughter", to the Euphrasia of Ann Street Barry. The spring in her dagger refused to work, and she inflicted on him in her simulated fury a serious wound. In 1772 Palmer relinquished his summer engagement at the Haymarket in order to succeed Thomas King at Liverpool, where he became a great favourite, and established himself as a tragedian. One circumstance alone militated against his popularity. He was said to ill-treat his wife. Alarmed at this report, he sent for that long-suffering lady, who came, and hiding, it is said, the bruises on her face inflicted by her husband, who was both false and cruel, walked about Liverpool with him and re-established him in public estimation. Not until 1776 did he reappear at the Haymarket, which, however, from that time remained his ordinary place of summer resort. The retirement of Smith gave Palmer control all but undisputed over the highest comedy. Tribute to his special gifts is involved in his selection for Joseph Surface on the first performance of "The School for Scandal", 8 May 1777, a character in which he was by general consent unapproachable.
Himself addicted to pleasure, for which he occasionally neglected his theatrical duties, he had a pharisaical way of appealing to the audience, which exactly suited the character, and invariably won him forgiveness.
This it was, accompanied by his "nice conduct" of the pocket-handkerchief, that secured him the name of Plausible Jack, and established the fact that he was the only man who could induce the public to believe that his wife brought him offspring every two months. She brought him, in fact, eight children. After a quarrel with Sheridan, Palmer, approaching the dramatist with a head bent forward, his hand on his heart, and his most plausible Joseph Surface manner, and saying, "If you could see my heart, Mr. Sheridan", received the reply, "Why, Jack, you forget I wrote it." On 30 Aug. of the same year, at the Haymarket, he further heightened his reputation by his performance of Almaviva.
Royalty Theatre and debtor's prison.
In 1785 Palmer, yielding to his own ambition and the counsel of friends, began to build the Royalty Theatre in Wellclose Square. Deaf to remonstrances, he persisted in his task, though the only licenses, wholly ineffectual, which he could obtain were those of the governor of the Tower and the magistrates of the adjoining district. This building he opened, 20 June 1787, with a performance of "As you like it", in which he was Jaques to the Rosalind of Mrs. Belfille, and "Miss in her Teens", in which he was Flash to the Miss Biddy of Mrs. Gibbs. The contest for places was violent. Apprehensive of an interference on the part of the authorities, he gave the representation for the benefit of the London Hospital. At the close Palmer read an address by Murphy, and said that performances would be suspended for the present. On 3 July the theatre was reopened for the performance of pantomimes and irregular pieces. Though backed up by friends, some of them of influence and wealth, Palmer was never able to conquer the opposition of the managers of the patent houses. A pamphlet warfare began with "A Review of the present Contest between the Managers of the Winter Theatres, the Little Theatre in the Haymarket, and the Royalty Theatre in Wellclose Square", &c., 8vo, 1787. This, written in favour of Palmer, was answered anonymously by George Colman in "A very plain State of the Case, or the Royalty Theatre versus the Theatres Royal", &c., 8vo, 1787. In the same year appeared "Royal and Royalty Theatres" (by Isaac Jackman), "Letter to the Author of the Burletta called "Hero and Leander,"" "The Trial of John Palmer for opening the Royalty Theatre, tried in the Olympian Shades", and "The Trial of Mr. John Palmer, Comedian and Manager of the Royalty Theatre", &c. In 1788 appeared "The Eastern Theatre Erected", an heroic "comic poem", the hero of which is called Palmerio, and "Case of the Renters of the Royalty Theatre". The polemic was continued after the death of Palmer, a list of the various pamphlets to which it gave rise being supplied in Mr. Robert Lowe's "Bibliographical Account of Theatrical Literature". Improvident and practically penniless through life, Palmer ascribed to the treatment he received in connection with this speculation, in which nothing of his own was embarked, his subsequent imprisonment for debt and the general collapse of his fortunes.
In such difficulties was he plunged that he resided for some period in his dressing-room in Drury Lane Theatre, and when he was needed elsewhere he was conveyed in a cart behind theatrical scenery. On 15 June 1789 he gave at the Lyceum an entertainment called "As you like it", which began with a personal prologue written by Thomas Bellamy. He also played at Worcester and elsewhere, took the part of Henri du Bois, the hero in a spectacle founded on the just-concluded taking of the Bastille, and, while a prisoner in the Rules of the King's Bench, delivered three times a week, at a salary of twelve guineas a week, Stevens's "Lecture on Heads". On 9 Nov. 1789 Drury Lane Theatre was closed, and Palmer, as a rogue and vagabond, was committed to the Surrey gaol. The public demanded him, however, and 1789-90 is the only season in which he was not seen at Drury Lane.
Last performance and death.
On 18 June 1798, the last night of the season at Drury Lane, Palmer played Father Philip in the "Castle Spectre" of "Monk" Lewis, and Comus, the former an original part, in which he had been first seen on the 14th of the previous December. He then went to Liverpool, and was in low spirits, bewailing the death of his wife and that of a favourite son. He was announced to play in the "Stranger", but the performance was deferred.
On 2 Aug. 1798 he attempted this part. No support of his friends could cheer him. He went through two acts with great effect. In the third act he was much agitated, and in the fourth, at the question of Baron Steinfort relative to his children, he endeavoured to proceed, fell back, heaved a convulsive sigh, and died, the audience supposing, until the body was removed and the performance arrested, that he was merely playing his part. An attempt to reap a lesson from the incident was made by saying that his last words were, "There is another and a better world". It was said, too, that this phrase, which occurs in the third act, was to be placed on his tomb. Whitfield, however, who played Steinfort, told Frederic Reynolds positively that Palmer fell in his presence, which is irreconcilable with this edifying version. A benefit for his children was at once held in Liverpool, an address by William Roscoe being spoken, and realised a considerable sum. A benefit at the Haymarket on 18 Aug. brought nearly £700; a third was given on 15 September, the opening night at Drury Lane, when the "Stranger" was repeated.
Roles.
One of the most versatile as well as the most competent and popular of actors, Palmer played an enormous number of characters, principally at Drury Lane. John Genest's list, which is far from complete, and does not even include all Palmer's original characters, amounts to over three hundred separate parts. Except singing characters and old men, there was nothing in which he was not safe, and there were many things in which he was foremost. An idea of his versatility may be obtained from a few of the characters with which he was entrusted.
These include:
and innumerable others. Not less numerous are his original characters.
Of these three stand prominently forth, the most conspicuous of all being Joseph Surface, which seems never to have been so well
played since; Almaviva in "Spanish Barber", and Dick Dowlas.
Other original characters include:
In tragedy Palmer was successful in those parts alone in which, as in Stukely, lago, &c., dissimulation is required.
In comedy, thanks partly to his fine figure, there are very many parts in which he was held perfect. Some of his best parts are:
James Boaden declares him "the most unrivalled actor of modern times!" and says "he could approach a lady, bow to her and seat himself gracefully in her presence. We have had dancing-masters in great profusion since his time, but such deportment they have either not known or never taught." His biographer says that his want of a "classical education" was responsible for his defects, which consisted of a want of taste and discrimination, and the resort to physical powers when judgment was at fault. His delivery of Collins's "Ode to the Passions" was condemned as the one undertaking beyond his strength, and he is charged with unmeaning and ill-placed accents.
Dibdin says that he was vulgar, and Charles Lamb says that "for sock or buskin there was an air of swaggering gentility about Jack Palmer. He was a gentleman with a slight infusion of the footman." In Captain Absolute, Lamb held, "you thought you could trace his promotion to some lady of quality who fancied the handsome fellow in a top-knot, and had bought
him a commission." In Dick Amlet he describes Jack as unsurpassable. John Taylor condemns his Falstaff as heavy throughout.
Among innumerable stories circulated concerning Palmer is one that his ghost appeared after his death. He was accused of forgetting his origin and giving himself airs. He claimed to have frequently induced the sheriff's officer by whom he was arrested to bail him out of prison. In his late years Palmer's unreadiness on first nights was scandalous.
The authorship is ascribed to him of "Like Master, Like Man", 8vo, 1811, a novel in two volumes, with a preface by George Colman
the younger.
Portraits of Palmer in the Garrick Club
include one by Russell, which was engraved
by J. Collyer in 1787, a second by Arrowsmith
as Cohenberg in the "Siege of Belgrade",
a third by Parkinson as lachimo, and a fourth, anonymous, as Joseph Surface in the screen scene from the "School for Scandal", with King as Sir Peter, Smith as Charles Surface, and Mrs. Abington as Lady Teazle. A fifth, painted by Zoffany, representing Palmer as Face in the "Alchemist", with Garrick as Abel Drugger and Burton as Subtle, is in the
possession of the Earl of Carlisle.
Related people.
Brothers.
Robert Palmer (1757-1805?), the actor's brother, played with success impudent footmen and other parts belonging to Palmer's
repertory, and was good in the presentation of rustic characters and of drunkenness. He was born in Banbury Court, Long Acre, September 1757, was educated at Brook Green, articled to Grimaldi the dancer, appeared as Mustard Seed in "Midsummer Night's Dream" at Drury Lane when six years old, played in the country, and acted both at the Haymarket and Drury Lane. He survived his brother, and succeeded him in Joseph Surface and other parts, for which he was incompetent.
Lamb compares the two Palmers together, and says something in praise of the younger. Portraits of "Bob" Palmer by Dewilde, as Tag in the "Spoiled Child", and as Tom in the "Conscious Lovers", are in the Mathews collection in the Garrick Club. Another brother, William, who died about 1797, played in opera in Dublin, and was seen at Drury Lane.
"Gentleman" Palmer.
John Palmer the elder (died 1768), known as "Gentleman Palmer", but who does not seem to have been related to the subject of this memoir, was celebrated as Captain Plume, as Osric, and as the Duke's servant in "High Life below Stairs"; he was also a favourite in Orlando and Claudio, but especially in such jaunty parts as Mercutio. His wife, a Miss Pritchard, played from 1756 to 1768, and was accepted as Juliet and Lady Betty Modish, but was better in lighter parts, such as Fanny in the "Clandestine Marriage".
"Gentleman Palmer", who has been frequently confused with his namesake, died on 23 May 1768, aged 40, his death being due to taking in mistake a wrong medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="19948371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948371" title="Bostwick (Bladensburg, Maryland)">
Bostwick (Bladensburg, Maryland)

Bostwick is a historic home located at Bladensburg in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. According to its date plaque, it was built in 1746 by Christopher Lowndes (1713-1785). The house was later the home of Lowndes’ son-in-law, Benjamin Stoddert (1751-1813), first Secretary of the Navy. Colonel Thomas H. Barclay (Tory in the American Revolution; brother-in-law of Lt. Colonel Beverly Robinson; first British consul appointed in New York after the peace of 1783; British agent for prisoners of war in War of 1812) resided at "Bostwick," the oldest surviving structure at Bladensburg. Located nearby is the Market Master's House, also built by Lowndes.
Bostwick is a -story brick structure laid up in Flemish bond. A basement and ground level lies under the entire house. The gable roof, with dormer windows, is slightly belled at the eaves. The main (west) facade is five bays with a central doorway. A one-story porch extends across the front, and the pedimented central bay of the porch projects forward. "C.L. 1746" in wrought lead painted black is embedded high in the south chimney. Also on the south side is a distinctive buttress added about 1800 by Stoddert, who was concerned about a crack in the wall on that side of the house. At the base of the buttress are two dungeons or cells. A gable-roofed common bond brick detached kitchen stands northeast of the house. Southeast of the house are several 19th century outbuildings and a barn.
Bostwick was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19948385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948385" title="Carl-Heinz Schroth">
Carl-Heinz Schroth

Carl-Heinz Schroth (29 June 1902 – 19 July 1989) was a German actor and film director. He appeared in 60 films between 1931 and 1989. He also directed seven films between 1953 and 1963.
He was born in Innsbruck, Austria to Else Ruttersheim and film and stage actor Heinrich Schroth and died in Munich, Germany. His younger half-sister was actress Hannelore Schroth, from his father's narriage to actress Käthe Haack.

</doc>
<doc id="19948393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948393" title="Franz Michael Vierthaler">
Franz Michael Vierthaler

Franz Michael Vierthaler (25 September 1758 – 3 October 1827) was a distinguished Austrian pedagogue.
Life.
Vierthaler was born in Mauerkirchen, Upper Austria. As his parents were poor, he was a choir-boy at the Benedictine Abbey of Michaelbeuren and at Salzburg. At Salzburg he also attended the gymnasium and from 1776 to 77, he took the law course at the university, though his favourite study was classical languages. In 1783 he became instructor at the Virgilian college for nobles at Salzburg. By teaching history he was led to write his "Philosophische Geschichte der Menschheit" (7 vols., 1787–1819). The first volume attracted attention and gained for Vierthaler, in 1790, the position of director of the seminary for teachers at Salzburg, which the archbishop had established for the betterment of the primary schools. In the same year he began a course of catechetical instruction for the students of the seminary for boys, and in 1791 pedagogical lectures at the university. In 1796 he was made court librarian. From 1800 to 1802 he edited the "Salzburger Literaturzeitung" and from 1799 to 1806 the "Salzburger Staatszeitung". He married in 1802. In 1803 he was appointed supervisor of the public schools in the Duchy of Salzburg, and in 1804, supervisor of the two orphan asylums. Three years later, when Salzburg was made part of Austria, the Austrian Government called him to Vienna, where he took charge of the orphan asylum.
Vierthaler was a strong advocate of practical training in teaching. He kept up a correspondence with the young teachers from the seminary and encouraged their zeal. He prepared a unified plan of studies for schools that he visited, sought to provide good and cheap schoolbooks and other aids to study, and succeeded in arousing public interest in the cause of the schools.
Works.
Vierthaler's three chief pedagogical works are: "Elemente der Methodik und Padagogik" (1791); "Geist der Sokratik" (1793); "Entwurf der Schuler- ziehungskunde" (1794). He was a master in his calling, distinguished by the clearness, simplicity, and practicalness of his teachings. He laid more emphasis than other teachers of his era on the principle that instruction should subserve education. The aim of his pedagogical method was a "noble humanity transfigured by God". The basis of all his efforts was the Catholic Faith which he placed above everything else. Like Overberg he regarded the personality of the teacher as the most important thing in education. In many respects he was ahead of his times, e.g. in his high estimation of the teaching of the natural sciences and of physical training; also in his opposition to corporal punishment. Besides his pedagogical writings Vierthaler wrote a large number of schoolbooks and books for children; among these are an edition of the Gospels and Epistles and a geography of Salzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19948412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948412" title="Osborn Elliott">
Osborn Elliott

Osborn Elliott (October 25, 1924 – September 28, 2008) was the editor of "Newsweek" magazine for sixteen years between 1961 until 1976. Elliott is credited with transforming "Newsweek" from a staid publication into a modern rival of "Time".
"Newsweek"'s circulation doubled to 3 million issues during Elliott's tenure as editor, which narrowed the gap with "Time". 
Biography.
Early life.
Osborn Elliott was born to a prominent family in New York City on October 25, 1925. His father, John Elliott, worked as an investment counselor. His mother, Audrey Osborn Elliott, was a high profile real estate agent in Manhattan who had been actively involved with the American women's suffrage movement of the early 20th Century.
Elliott attended St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. He attended and graduated from Harvard University on an accelerated two-year wartime program. He served in the United States Navy for two years after graduation as a naval officer.
Personal life.
Elliott married his first wife, Deirdre Spencer. The couple had three children, Diana Elliott Lidofsky, Cynthia Elliott (Rice), and Dorinda Elliott (Ignatius) and divorced in 1972. He married his second wife, Inger McCabe, in 1973 and became a stepfather to her three children, Alec McCabe, Marit McCabe (Dubois), and Kari McCabe (McBride).
Career.
Elliott began his career in the news magazine publishing industry by joing the "Journal of Commerce" and then "Time" magazine.
He was first hired by "Newsweek" in 1955 as a senior editor of business news. He was promoted to managing editor of "Newsweek" in 1959. 
Elliott was further elevated to editor of "Newsweek" in 1961 when the magazine was acquired by the Washington Post Company. He became the editor in chief of "Newsweek" in 1969. He took on the additional roles of president, chief executive and chairman within the following three years.
New York City Mayor Abraham Beame offered Elliott a position with the New York City government in 1976 as the newly created deputy mayor of economic development. Elliott left "Newsweek" to take the deputy mayor position for an annual salary of $1 per year. Elliott's role in New York government was to reverse the loss of jobs which was taking place at the time in New York City. He served as deputy mayor for the remaining 15 months of the Beame administration.
Elliott was named dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in January 1978. He stepped down from that position in 1986, but remained at the school as a journalism professor.
The Asia Society, which is headquartered in New York City, has since named an annual journalism prize, the Osborn Elliott Prize for Excellence in Asian Journalism, in his honor.
In 1975, Elliott founded Citizens Committee for New York City along with Senator Jacob Javits.
His 1980 autobiography was titled "The World of Oz."
Death.
Osborn Elliott died in New York City on September 28, 2008. He was 83 years old. Elliott was survived by three daughters and stepchildren.
The current editor of "Newsweek", Jon Meacham, called Elliott, "Wise and witty, Oz Elliott is the architect of the modern "Newsweek"."
The Asia Society released a statement which called Elliott "one of the earliest practitioners of 'civic journalism' -- the deliberate focusing of the journalistic enterprise on urgent issues of public policy."

</doc>
<doc id="19948421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948421" title="Qui est l'exemple?">
Qui est l'exemple?

"Qui est l'exemple?" is a 2001 song recorded by French artist Rohff. It was the third single from his debut album, "La Vie avant la mort", and was released in late 2001 in a CD maxi, then in February 2002 in a CD single. It achieved huge success in Belgium (Wallonia), Switzerland and particularly in France where it topped the chart. To date, it is the singer's biggest hit and can be considered as his signature song.
The refrain of the song is sung by Kayliah and contains a sampling of 1981 hit single "Your love" of the band Lime, but plays lower.

</doc>
<doc id="19948430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948430" title="Count of Alcoutim">
Count of Alcoutim

Count of Alcoutim (in Portuguese "Conde de Alcoutim") was a Portuguese title of nobility, subsidiary to the one of Marquis of Vila Real, created by a royal decree, dated from November 15, 1496, by King John II of Portugal, and granted to "Dom" Fernando de Menezes, also known as Ferdinand II of Menezes, 2nd Marquis of Vila Real, 4th Count of Vila Real and 2nd Count of Valença.
Ferdinand of Menezes had married "Dona" Maria Freire de Andrade, Lady of Alcoutim, and through her wife he inherited these estates.
The Spanish Counts of Alcoutim.
When the 7th Marquis of Vila Real, 6th Count of Alcoutim, along with his son the Duke of Caminha, was executed in Portugal for high treason in 1641, his daughter, Beatrice of Menezes, married to the Spanish Count of Medellin, remained in Spain.
To reward her fidelity towards the Spanish Habsburgs, King Philip IV of Spain gave her, the 23 March 1660, the title of Countess of Alcoutim as a Spanish title with, included today among the titles of the House of Medinaceli.
Beatrice of Menezes never returned to her homeland and this title was never recognized in Portugal
Counts of Alcoutim (1660-).
The heiress apparent is Ana Luisa de Medina, Marquise of Navahermosa (b. 1940).
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. II, page 220. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19948440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948440" title="Family Party">
Family Party

Family Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948468" title="Nga-Pu-Toru">
Nga-Pu-Toru

Nga-Pu-Toru () is the generic name give to the islands of Atiu, Ma'uke, Mitiaro and Takutea in the Cook Islands archipelago. In Cook Islands Māori language, the term means "the ("nga") roots ("pu") three ("toru")", or in English "the three roots". Nga-Pu-Toru, which is a term used locally, refers to family ties of the ariki (chiefs) of Atiu, Ma'uke and Mitiaro. The island of Takutea is uninhabited. These islands are in the easternmost part of the Southern Cook Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19948479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948479" title="Meli Polishook-Bloch">
Meli Polishook-Bloch

Meli Polishook-Bloch (, born 14 January 1953) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in Ra'anana, Polishook-Bloch gained a BA in political science and theatre arts and an MA in political science and public policy from Tel Aviv University. She also gained an LLB from the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya.
In 1981 she joined Shinui, and served as chair of the party's information committee between 1990 and 1999. In the 1999 elections she was placed ninth on the party's list, but missed out on a seat when they won only six mandates. Between 1999 and 2003 she chaired the party's economic committee.
For the 2003 elections she was placed 8th on the Shinui list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats. During her first term, she chaired the Science and Technology Committee, the Education, Culture, and Sports Committee and the State Control Committee, and was also chairwoman of the Israel-Finland Friendship Union.
Along with most of the party's MKs, she defected to the Secular Faction (which later became Hetz) shortly before the 2006 elections following disagreements over the results of Shinui's primary results. She was placed fourth on the Hetz list for the elections, but lost her seat when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19948517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948517" title="SHME">
SHME

SHME or shme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948537" title="Erich Dunskus">
Erich Dunskus

Erich Dunskus (27 July 1890 – 25 November 1967) was a German film actor. He appeared in 170 films between 1927 and 1966.
He was born in Pillkallen, East Prussia and died in Hagen, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19948570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948570" title="Waterloo North (provincial electoral district)">
Waterloo North (provincial electoral district)

Waterloo North was a provincial electoral district represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from Confederation in 1867 until 1999.
It was abolished in 1999 when provincial ridings were defined to have the same borders as federal ridings. Most of its area lies within the boundaries of the current riding of Kitchener—Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="19948609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948609" title="Ford Tennis Championships">
Ford Tennis Championships

The Ford Tennis Championships is a tennis tournament held in Louisville, Kentucky since 2006. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on indoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19948634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948634" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Calaveras County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Calaveras County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Calaveras County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19948664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948664" title="International rankings of Uruguay">
International rankings of Uruguay

The following are international rankings of .

</doc>
<doc id="19948673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948673" title="1995 Dutch Supercup">
1995 Dutch Supercup

The match for the sixth Dutch Supercup was held on 16 August 1995 in the De Kuip in Rotterdam. The match featured the winners of the 1994–95 Dutch first division, Ajax, and the winners of the 1994–95 KNVB Cup, Feyenoord. This was the third year in a row, that the Dutch Supercup involved these two teams. The games was won by Ajax 2–1 after extra time, with the Ajax goals coming from Ronald de Boer and Patrick Kluivert, and Henrik Larsson scoring for Feyenoord. This victory meant Ajax had won the Supercup three years in a row.
This was the last Supercup game to be played under the title 'Nederlandse Supercup' (Dutch: Dutch Supercup), with suubsequent cups being known under the title Johan Cruijff-schaal (Dutch: Johan Cruijff Shield).

</doc>
<doc id="19948677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948677" title="PVX Plus">
PVX Plus

PVX Plus is an expansion of the ProvideX programming language. It is developed by PVX Plus Technologies of Markham, Ontario, whose president is the original developer of the ProvideX language, Mike King. The PVX Plus development environment is usually a release behind the current ProvideX package, however, it offers many features not found in the standard release.
Some example enhancements:

</doc>
<doc id="19948682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948682" title="Kol Mevaser (Yiddish broadcasting)">
Kol Mevaser (Yiddish broadcasting)

Kol Mevaser is a Yiddish broadcaster, which runs as a hotline. It has special options for news, weather, lottery and traffic, together with scholarly information on several issues which are important to Haredi Judaism, and interviews with important figures. The main news is updated twice a day, breaking news 24 hours, & the political news is updated throughout the day by Yossi Gestetner, the other categories less frequently, and serves for ultra Orthodox Jews as a replacement for radio broadcasting. Kol Mevaser was established in 2003 by Zalmen Wieder. As of November 2012, Wieder is still the main news reporter on the hotline.
The number for Kol Mevaser is +1 (212) 444-1100. Its options are: press 1 for news, weather, and lottery; 2 for polls and the help forum; 3 for interviews, health, business and politics; 4 for special events; 5 for Torah issues; 7 for traffic; and 0 for additions to the hotline. The traffic section is updated during the months of July and August on weekends on the roads to and from the Catskills Mountains. They get the traffic updates from motorists driving on these roads. They teamed up with RoadInform.com to provide them with traffic updates in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19948705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948705" title="William Hilleary House (Bladensburg, Maryland)">
William Hilleary House (Bladensburg, Maryland)

The William Hilleary House, or Hilleary-Magruder House, is a historic home located at Bladensburg in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The house is the only 18th-century stone, gambrel-roofed house in Prince George's County. It is now surrounded to the south and west by an exit ramp connecting Kenilworth Avenue with Annapolis Road.
It was built between 1742 and 1764 by William Hilleary. The house passed through a number of 18th-century owners, including Richard Henderson. Henderson was a prominent merchant and land speculator, who served as a County Justice and was well known for his "paper wars" in local newspapers. George Washington's diary, May 9, 1787, states that he dined at Richard Henderson's in Bladensburgh. Henderson sold the property in 1793 to Major David Ross, son of the surgeon and merchant Dr. David Ross who had died in 1777/8 ?, as well as business partner of Henderson's in the Frederick Forge on Antietam Creek. Ross' father, Dr. David Ross, was the "Agent Victualer" for the Maryland troops during the French and Indian war. Father Dr. David Ross owned the famed "Ross Home", which was often referred to as the old brick hospital. In August 1814, the Ross Home was used for a hospital during the Battle of Bladensburg of the War of 1812. Dr. Ross was an original inhabitant of Bladensburg, had served as a Town Commissioner, and from 1750 to 1759 had been a Justice of the County Court.
The William Hilleary House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19948728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948728" title="Covering number">
Covering number

In mathematics, the formula_1-covering number of a set formula_2, denoted by formula_3, in a metric space formula_4 for some formula_5 is the minimum number of balls of radius formula_1 that are needed to cover formula_2. For example, when formula_4 is the formula_9-dimensional Euclidean space and formula_2 is the unit Euclidean ball, formula_11.
A related concept is the formula_1-packing number which is defined as the maximum number of disjoint balls of radius formula_13 that fit into formula_2.
The covering number formula_3 and the packing number formula_16 are related by the following inequalities: 

</doc>
<doc id="19948750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948750" title="Kokosing Gap Trail">
Kokosing Gap Trail

The Kokosing Gap Trail is a 14-mile-long recreational trail built on a former Pennsylvania Railroad right-of-way alongside the Kokosing River in east central Ohio. The trail begins in Mount Vernon and winds itself to Danville via Gambier and Howard.
History.
This trail at present is the longest paved rail-trail in the US maintained solely by volunteers and donations. It is also one of the first 500 rail trails in the U.S.
Wildlife along the trail includes white-tail deer, gray squirrel, chipmunk, groundhog, wild turkey, great blue heron, and several species of hawk and owl. In recent years a pair of bald eagles have been seen nesting along the trail near the Kokosing River. Spring and summer wild flowers include trillium, mayapple, and jack-in-the-pulpit.

</doc>
<doc id="19948771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948771" title="Thomas Walton Mellor">
Thomas Walton Mellor

Thomas Walton Mellor (1814–1902) was a British cotton manufacturer and Conservative politician.
Thomas was the third son of Thomas Mellor of Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, and his wife Mary Walton of Stalybridge, Cheshire he was christened on 30 October 1814 at the parish church of St Michael Ashton-under-Lyne. He became a major "cotton master" in Ashton, and led the opposition to the costs of the town obtaining a charter of incorporation as a municipal borough in 1847. He was a magistrate for the borough of Ashton and the counties palatine of Chester and Lancaster.
In 1868 Mellor was elected as member of parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne, describing himself as "a Conservative with Liberal tendencies". He stood down from parliament in 1880.
He married Jane Leigh of Compsall Bridge in 1849 and they had a son, John Edward.

</doc>
<doc id="19948784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948784" title="Jorge Theiler">
Jorge Theiler

Jorge Walter Theiler (born 12 May 1964 in San Jose de la Esquina, Santa Fe) is a former Argentine football who won the Primera División Argentina in 1987-88 with Newell's Old Boys.
Theiler came through the youth team of Newell's Old Boys to make his debut in 1983. He played in the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship where the Argentina Under-20 team reached the final but lost to Brazil. He also played for the full national team and was part of the squad for Copa América 1987. Newell's won the 1987-88 Primera División.
In 1990 Theiler joined River Plate bet he never established himself in the first team, he then had a spell with St Gallen of Switzerland before returning to Argentina to join San Lorenzo de Almagro. In 1993 he returned to Newell's Old Boys.
After retiring as a player he went on to pursue a career in coaching. After working with the youth teams of River Plate and Newell's Old Boys he became the manager of Libertad of Paraguay in 2004 for three games. In 2005 he had a brief spell as the manager of Instituto de Córdoba. In 2008 he was the manager of the Argentina Under-15 football team for the South American Under 15 Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19948786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948786" title="List of mayors of Wilmington, Delaware">
List of mayors of Wilmington, Delaware

The Mayor of Wilmington is the chief executive of the government of Wilmington, Delaware, as stipulated by the Charter. The current Mayor of Wilmington is Dennis P. Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19948828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948828" title="Xavi Rey">
Xavi Rey

Xavier "Xavi" Rey Sanuy is a Spanish professional basketball player. He plays at the center position. He stands 2.10 m (6 ft 10 ¾ in) and weighs 114 kg (252 lbs). He currently plays with the pro club CB Gran Canaria.
Professional career.
Rey saw action against the Los Angeles Lakers in an NBA preseason game, despite having not yet made the regular rotation of FC Barcelona in the Spanish ACB League.
Spanish national team.
After playing with the Spanish national team in the junior categories, Rey was called up to the senior men's Spanish national basketball team for EuroBasket 2011 prep games. He played in some friendly games, but he was not chosen to play in the main tournament. He was however, selected to play at EuroBasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19948880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948880" title="Templelands">
Templelands

Templelands is a Georgian house in Dunbar, East Lothian, Scotland. According to the listed building report for the property, it dates to circa 1820, but there are references that date it back to the late 18th century, and attribute it to the architect James Craig (1739–1795), more famous for his work on Edinburgh New Town. The late ceramist Margery Clinton lived at Templelands between 1995 and 2005. Today the house is a private home, partly operated as holiday accommodation. 
Templelands comprises a terrace of two symmetrical, two-storey-and-basement houses. Each house has three bays. The building has an ashlar front, rubble basement and rear, and rusticated quoins, and other decorative features. The central doorways have Ionic surrounds, panelled doors, and plate glass fanlights. The building was listed at Category B in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19948885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948885" title="Mandate Pictures">
Mandate Pictures

Mandate Pictures was a full-service film production and financing company acquired by Lionsgate in 2007.
History.
In 2005, Mandate Pictures was officially formed when the Los Angeles–based Senator International completed a management buyout from German indie giant Senator Entertainment AG. Joe Drake, Brian Goldsmith and Nathan Kahane became the sole proprietors of Mandate Pictures. At the time, the company was helmed by President Joe Drake, chief financial officer Brian Goldsmith, and Nathan Kahane as the company's President of Motion Pictures, overseeing the daily creative operations of the new company. Mandate Pictures has independently produced and financed feature films by leveraging international sales, while seeking out domestic distributors on a film by film basis.
On September 10, 2007, the partners sold Mandate Pictures to Lionsgate, and as part of that deal Kahane stayed on as President of Mandate Pictures while Mandate CEO Joe Drake became President of the Motion Picture Group and Co-Chief Operating Officer at Lionsgate. After the acquisition, Mandate operated as an independent brand under Drake and Kahane, releasing commercial and independent films worldwide while retaining the creative autonomy and capital to finance, develop, package and produce theatrical films.
In the spring of 2012, Drake and Kahane launched Good Universe, a new full-service motion picture financing, production and global sales company. The launch comes as the collaborators transition out of Lionsgate, opening its doors fully staffed and with films from the development slate at predecessor company Mandate Pictures. Good Universe will work with Lionsgate to complete a number of Mandate films and provide certain management and production services on a number of Mandate library properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19948890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948890" title="Venezuela Open">
Venezuela Open

The Venezuela Open or Abierto de Venezuela is a men's professional golf tournament on the Tour de las Américas. It has only been staged intermittently since 1957, but can boast major winners Al Geiberger, Art Wall, Jr., David Graham, Roberto de Vicenzo and Tony Jacklin as past champions. Earlier editions were sometimes referred to as the Caracas Open.

</doc>
<doc id="19948894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948894" title="Cherrish Pryor">
Cherrish Pryor

Cherrish Pryor is an American politician from Indianapolis, Indiana. She is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 94th District since 2008.
Pryor began her political career as an Indianapolis City-County Council member, representing the 7th District from 2007 to 2008. 
Pryor is a native of Holly Springs, Mississippi and has lived in Indiana since 1986. She graduated from South Side High School in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1988. She moved to Indianapolis in 1995 to work for the Indiana House of Representatives as a legislative assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="19948900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948900" title="The Night (The Animals song)">
The Night (The Animals song)

"The Night" is a song performed by The Animals in 1983. It was the first single from their 1983 "Ark" reunion effort. It reached #48 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #34 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. 
Eric Burdon wrote this song with John Sterling, who gave it to him after he wrote the initial music and lyrics about his wife Eva who was visiting her family in Sweden. John talked with her on the phone every night during her absence.
The video clip for MTV was shot on July 21, 1983.
Personnel.
The complete line-up is featured in the video clip.

</doc>
<doc id="19948910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948910" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

The men's C-1 1000 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
18 competitors were entered. The top two finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top two finishers in each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 3.
Doktor led from start to finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19948916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948916" title="China Financial Futures Exchange">
China Financial Futures Exchange

The China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX), is a futures exchange established in Shanghai in September 08, 2006 -- with the approval of the State Council and the authorization of China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC). It is a joint venture of the Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange, Dalian Commodity Exchange, Shanghai Stock Exchange, Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Futures Exchange.
Following the principle of higher starting point and higher standard, CFFEX constructed an electronic market which follows the trend of global development. Also CFFEX has a unique multi-tiered members' clearing system, strict risk management policy and an organization structure like a corporation to improve its competitive strength and development potential. 
In early 2008, it launched the CSI 300 index futures, the first contract of CFFEX. Later, CFFEX introduced government bond futures. The exchange has plans for other financial derivatives such as other index futures, index options, and currency futures. CFFEX launched its first product by conducting trading systems testing and running a series of programs to educate investors about risks.

</doc>
<doc id="19948923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948923" title="Colobomycter">
Colobomycter

Colobomycter is an extinct genus of small parareptile known from the Early Permian of Oklahoma. The genus was first described from fossil remains in 1958, at which time it was believed to represent a synapsid (or "mammal-like reptile"), specifically, a pelycosaur. However, the discovery of new material and reexamination of the holotype led to its reclassification as a member of the Eureptilia. More recent studies indicate that "Colobomycter" is properly placed within the amniote clade Parareptilia, closely related to the taxon "Acleistorhinus". Together, the two taxa form the Family Acleistorhinidae.
No postcranial material is known for "Colobomycter", and the skull material referred to the genus (representing four individuals) has all been recovered from a single locality, the Dolese Brothers Quarry, near Richard's Spur, 11 kilometers north of Fort Sill, Comanche County, Oklahoma, dating to the early Kungurian stage. This site comprises a fissure-fill deposit yielding a unique upland fauna. Other taxa recovered from these strata preserves a wide array of tetrapods, including lepospondyl and temnospondyl amphibians, the anthracosaur "Seymouria", microsaurs, captorhinomorphs, protorothyridids, and synapsids.
The skull of "Colobomycter" is considered one of the most enigmatic found in any of the parareptiles primarily due to the presence of greatly enlarged caniniform teeth possessing serrated edges in the premaxilla and, to a lesser extent, the maxilla. The length of the premaxillary fang is greater than half the height of the skull. Modesto et Reisz (2008) note that "The large size of the first premaxillary tooth is unheard of among early reptiles." The taxon also possesses unusual "folding" of the dentine at the bases of its larger marginal teeth, a state known as polyplycodont (a condition also seen to have evolved independently in diadectomorphs, ichthyosaurs, and mosasaurs). Modesto et Reisz (2008, p. 682) speculate that hard-shelled insects and other arthropods may have formed the bulk of its diet, but that "Colobomycter" could also have fed on vertebrates, including small amphibians and eureptiles. It is notable as the smallest predatory amniote from the Richard's Spur deposits, with a skull measuring a mere 70-80 millimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="19948934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948934" title="Ten.">
Ten.

Ten. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19948947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19948947" title="Market Master's House (Bladensburg, Maryland)">
Market Master's House (Bladensburg, Maryland)

The Market Master's House is an 18th-century vernacular Colonial-era stone dwelling with 20th-century additions, set at the rear of a long, narrow lot in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed c. 1765, when Bladensburg was an active tobacco shipping port.
The Market Master's House is significant for its association with the 18th century development of the town of Bladensburg. Lot 38 of Bladensburg was purchased by Christopher Lowndes, who built nearby Bostwick, on September 23, 1760. The use of the Market Master's House as a headquarters for tobacco inspectors or an overseer of tobacco marketing activity has not been proven, and no description of an approved Market Master has been found for the town of Bladensburg. However, the Market Master's House is one of only four buildings remaining from this significant period of the town's history.
The original block is a two-by-one bay, gable-roofed, 25 × 20 foot structure, 1 stories, of randomly laid roughly shaped non-native stone. The stone is thought to have been brought to the site originally as ship ballast, therefore it is also known as the Ship's Ballast House. It contains one room on the first story, a corner stair, and one room on the second story. A small two-story west kitchen addition and one-story south shed-roofed addition were added about 1920, with later additions and renovations completed in 1956. In May - June 2009, the Maryland State Highway Administration and the Center for Heritage Resource Studies (CHRS) at the University of Maryland, College Park sponsored archeological digs at the site.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
