<doc id="19893887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893887" title="Marius Hiller">
Marius Hiller

Marius Hiller, also known as Eduardo Hiller (5 August 1892 – 17 October 1964) was an association football player who played international football for both Germany and Argentina, as well as club football for clubs including 1. FC Pforzheim and River Plate.
The nephew of fellow German international Arthur Hiller, Marius Hiller was born in Pforzheim, Germany and died in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19893893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893893" title="Alex McCracken">
Alex McCracken

Alex McCracken (died 25 August 1915) was the first president of the Victorian Football League.
He was also the first secretary of the Essendon Football Club, when he was seventeen years old.{The Stopover that Stayed, Grant Aldous.} The head of McCracken Breweries, he was elected as the first VFL President at a meeting at the Port Phillip Club Hotel on 12 April 1897.
His brother John became Essendon's first team captain. His nephew Coiler (also sometimes referred to as 'Colyer') became Essendon's second captain. His father Robert was Essendon's first president. He has been named as one of the 16 "Legends of the Essendon Football Club".
The Essendon football Club's early players were mainly horsemen rather than cricketers. In fact one of its players rode a winner at Moonee Valley before turning up to a game. Whether as a cause or a result, the club was refused the use of Windy Hill and played its first few seasons (probably near Filson St) on Robert McCracken's "Ailsa".(Later Mercy College and from 2011, a Scientology centre.) When seeking admittance to the V.F.A. they had to move to the East Melbourne Ground.
Alexander was patron and/or founder of an incredible number of sporting or cultural organisations in the Essendon area.(The Stopover that Stayed, Grant Aldous) He built a mansion home called "North Park", now the Columban Mission, on the south side of Woodland St, Essendon. This area was originally gazetted as Hawstead and now known as Glenbervie. The house was built on the site of an earlier home called "North Park" built by Dugald McPhail. (The Fine Homes of Essendon and Flemington, 1846–1880, Lenore Frost (ed).)
Alexander had a country estate called "Cumberland" and it was, with the Inverness Hotel and Alister Clark's "Glenara", a venue for after hunt celebrations until the Oaklands Hunt Club bought "Sherwood" in Somerton Rd. After Alexander's death, the Johnsons of "Glendewar", across the creek from "Cumberland" moved into Alexander's property. Unfortunately the beautiful house was later destroyed by fire; the granite remains can be seen in Woodlands Historic Park. Coincidentally, "Cumberland" was granted to an early overlander Thomas Wills, an uncle of the founder of Australian Rules Football (Tom Wills) and the father of the game, who codified the rules in 1866 (Harrison). (Sources: The Oaklands Hunt, D.F.Cameron-Kennedy; Running With The Ball, A?.Mancini.)

</doc>
<doc id="19893896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893896" title="2009 European Cup">
2009 European Cup

The 2009 European Cup, known as the rugbyleague.com European Cup due to sponsorship, was a rugby league football tournament.
The revamped European Cup for 2009 will involved six teams competing in two groups of three. Participating teams were: Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Serbia, Lebanon and Italy. Russia were scheduled to take part in the competition, but were forced to pull out due to board restructuring within the Russian Rugby League Federation. They were replaced by the RLEF European Shield winners, Italy.
Squads.
Lebanon.
Coach: John Elias
Wales.
Coach: Iestyn Harris (Crusaders Rugby League)
Serbia.
Coach: Gerard Stokes (Whitehaven)
Scotland.
Coach: Steve McCormack
Ireland.
Coach: Andy Kelly
Italy.
Coach: Carlo Napolitano

</doc>
<doc id="19893900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893900" title="Kidd, British Columbia">
Kidd, British Columbia

Kidd is a railway point on the Canadian National Railway located on the Fraser River west of McBride, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19893907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893907" title="Mad River (Vermont)">
Mad River (Vermont)

The Mad River is a tributary to the Winooski River in Vermont. It has its headwaters in Granville Gulf, then flows north through the towns of Warren, Waitsfield, and Moretown before entering the Winooski River just downstream from Middlesex. Other towns within the Mad River watershed are the entire Town of Fayston and a portion of the Town of Duxbury. Relative to other rivers in the state, the Mad River is fairly rocky and clear, making it a popular for swimming. In the summer of 2008, didymo, or Rock Snot, was found in the upper portions of the river.
The Mad River Valley is a popular region with tourists due to its picturesque scenery and two ski areas, Mad River Glen and Sugarbush Resort. Since 1990, the Friends of the Mad River - a non-profit formed to preserve and protect the recreational, ecological and aesthetic resources of the Mad River - has been engaged in citizen-based water quality monitoring, river restoration, land conservation, and public education and outreach on behalf of the Mad River watershed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19893928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893928" title="Huckleberry Mountain Fire Lookout">
Huckleberry Mountain Fire Lookout

The Huckleberry Mountain Fire Overlook is a fire lookout station in northern Bridger-Teton National Forest. The rustic two-story log structure was built in 1938 by the Civilian Conservation Corps to a standard U.S. Forest Service design. The lookout was used for fire surveillance until 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19893937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893937" title="Global Health Council">
Global Health Council

The Global Health Council is a United States-based non-profit networking organizing linking "several hundred health non-governmental organizations (NGOs) around the world to share knowledge and resources, build partnerships and together become stronger advocates for health". The Council is the world's largest membership alliance dedicated to advancing policies and programs that improve health around the world. The Council serves and represents thousands of public health professionals from over 100 countries on six continents. They work to address health concerns worldwide in five core issue "identified as critical to improving health and promoting equity" to "reduce disease and death in all countries":
The council sponsors international conferences, makes available a diverse field of multi-disciplinary specialists for media interests and policy makers. According to their website the Council "works to ensure that all who strive for improvement and equity in global health have the information and resources they need to succeed." On April 20, 2012 the Board of Directors announced that the Council will close operations within the coming months. After shutting its doors, GHC re-opened with a newly elected board of directors on January 1st, 2013. 
History.
The Global Health Council is continuing to grow as the voice for global health by using media outreach and its publications, including the Global Health Magazine ", its annual conference and its website to promote advocacy, education and information sharing.
As the council evolved, its name had to evolve to correctly reflect the scope of the Council's work. In 1998, the National Council for International Health became the Global Health Council to better represent its work in the 21st century. The inclusion of global in its name reflected the Council's goal to include more international organizations and individuals in its membership and become the preeminent non-governmental source of information, practical experience, analysis and public advocacy for the most pressing global health issues.
Since 1998, the Council has been organizing the Global Health Action Network in pursuit of its advocacy building goals." The idea is to establish groups of motivated citizens across the U.S. with the objective to educate local communities and their elected officials about the need for a more proactive approach to global health. With this network in place, the Council is able to implement nationwide advocacy campaigns dealing with vital global health issues.
As part of the Council's work in advocacy and developing awareness of the AIDS crisis, the seventeen-year-old International AIDS Candlelight Memorial event came under their stewardship in 1999. The International AIDS Candlelight Memorial has grown to include 1,500 communities in more than 100 countries. It is the world's largest and oldest grassroots HIV/AIDS event.
Awards.
The Council administers a number of prominent awards. Some of the recipients have been barred from traveling to receive them which has brought attention to their work. In addition to the following honorific awards the organization also confers the "Best Practices in Global Health Award" and the "Excellence in Media Award for Global Health".
Jonathan Mann Award for Health and Human Rights.
The Jonathan Mann Award for Health and Human Rights is named for former head of the World Health Organization (WHO)'s global AIDS program, Jonathan Mann, who resigned to protest the lack of response from the United Nations and WHO with regard to AIDS. In 2001, the recipient was Gao Yaojie, a retired Chinese gynecologist and one of China's foremost AIDS fighters who helped poor farmers in Henan Province that were infected with H.I.V. through selling their blood at for-profit and unsanitary collection stations. Yaojie was denied permission to attend an awards ceremony in Washington with Secretary General Kofi Annan of the United Nations as her host.
In 2008, the Mann award was to be given to Binayak Sen, a prominent Indian doctor responsible for drawing up one of the most successful community-based health-care models in India — based on the traditional mitanin, a health worker who advises the rural poor on preventive care — making health care available to many who had lacked access. He had been a vocal critic of the government's use of armed groups to push villagers out of mineral-rich forests to boost development and was jailed in April 2007 on sedition charges, including allegedly being linked to Maoist rebels and smuggling a letter for an accused Maoist prisoner he had visited. Sen denies the charges and his effort to get the award in person was bolstered by 22 Nobel laureates; he is out of jail on bail.
Gates Award.
Named for and funded by Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Microsoft Corp. founder and his wife, the Gates Award ($1 million) is administered by the Council. In 2004 the award went to Fazle Hasan Abed and his organization, Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee (BRAC), one of the "world's most successful development organizations, credited with improving the health and welfare of tens of millions of destitute people in Bangladesh". Past winners include the Rotary Foundation, which has raised millions for an ongoing global campaign to stamp out polio.
The winner of the 2009 Gates Award was awarded to The London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.
Funding.
From its inception through the 1990s, the Council was principally funded by grants (primarily from the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Centers for Disease Control [CDC)." In 1998, Nils Daulaire, formerly of USAID, became president of The Global Health Council and felt that the council should be an independent voice. The council diversified its funding as a matter of principle, even though at the time its policy agenda was consistent with that of the then administration. By 2003, only 20 percent of the council’s funding came from the U.S. government."
As part of the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, US government support for AIDS prevention was contingent on opposing prostitution starting in 2003. The Council preferred to remain neutral so as not to alienate sex workers from their ant-HIV efforts so they sued in federal court with other non-profits. In 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court found that the requirement violated the First Amendment's prohibition against compelled speech in "Agency for International Development v. Alliance for Open Society International, Inc."

</doc>
<doc id="19893958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893958" title="Pablo Lugo">
Pablo Lugo

Pablo Raul Lugo Cruz (born September 28, 1932) is a retired Puerto Rican boxer, who competed for his native country at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. 
There he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg) division by Austria's Alfred Zima. Cruz won the gold medal in the same weight division at the 1959 Central American and Caribbean Games in Caracas, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="19893979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893979" title="Crescent Spur, British Columbia">
Crescent Spur, British Columbia

Crescent Spur is a community located west of McBride, British Columbia, on the Fraser River. The Grand Trunk Pacific Railway established a station here in 1915 under the name Crescent Island. A post office was opened 29 December 1944. It was closed 21 July 1969, re-opened 15 January 1975, and then closed for good 9 March 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19893990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893990" title="William Kidston (Canadian politician)">
William Kidston (Canadian politician)

William Kidston (February 11, 1816 – 1882) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1871 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, the son of William Kidston, a Glasgow merchant, and Elizabeth Dawson, and was educated in Glasgow. In 1836, he married Margaret Ann, the widow of Lieutenant James Duffus. Kidston was a major in the local militia, treasurer for Victoria County and custos rotulorum for the county. He also served as justice of the peace. Kidston lived in Baddeck. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="19894003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894003" title="Linda Dessau">
Linda Dessau

Justice Linda Dessau AM was a judge of the Family Court of Australia. She was appointed to the bench in 1995. After 18 years on the Bench, she retired on Friday 21 June 2013.
She was appointed to the AFL Commission in November 2007.
A known Supporter of Essendon, Dessau probably attends more games across more states than any other commissioner apart from Demetriou. This popular, well-regarded Family Court judge was already highly visible in the industry. She started and was the inaugural chair of the Essendon Women's Network in 1997, which, for more than a decade, has claimed a strong hold in the grand final week calendar.
Linda is a member of the Patrons Council of the Epilepsy Foundation of Victoria and in 2013 was appointed to the board of Melbourne Festival.
Award.
Justice Dessau was recognised for her service to the judiciary, particularly in the area of family law policy and practice, and to the community, when in 2010 she was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19894032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894032" title="Rider, British Columbia">
Rider, British Columbia

Rider is a railway point of the Canadian National Railway located west of McBride, British Columbia.
Rider was named after the novelist Sir Henry Rider Haggard, who, in July 1916, travelled from Vancouver to Edmonton along the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway. Prior to 1916 the station was known as "Knole."

</doc>
<doc id="19894045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894045" title="Rosni Peak">
Rosni Peak

Rosni Peak (; ) is the highest peak of a mountain named Bjelić, located on the border between Albania and Montenegro. It is 2,524 m (8,280 feet) high, the large mountain in the Prokletije range, and the third highest mountain in Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="19894070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894070" title="Cozell McQueen">
Cozell McQueen

Cozell McQueen was a National Basketball Association player for the Detroit Pistons from 1986 to 1987. He also played in Europe for several seasons. He attended North Carolina State University. He was born in Paris, France. He played at the forward position.
He was the starting center of the North Carolina State team that upset the heavily favored Houston Cougars at the buzzer in the 1983 NCAA title game.
He was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1985 NBA Draft. He would go on to play for the Detroit Pistons before leaving the NBA to play overseas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19894089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894089" title="Legrand, British Columbia">
Legrand, British Columbia

Legrand is a railway point on the Canadian National Railway located west of McBride, British Columbia on the Fraser River.

</doc>
<doc id="19894101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894101" title="Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Pairs">
Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Pairs

The pairs figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1932 Winter Olympics. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which had previously been held twice at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 as was as twice at the Winter Games in 1924 and 1928. The competition was held on Friday February 12, 1932.
Fourteen figure skaters from four nations competed.
Results.
Andrée Brunet and Pierre Brunet successfully defended their 1928 title.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19894135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894135" title="Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences">
Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences

The Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences was founded in 1924. It was previously known as the College of Pharmacy and Allied Health Professions, but the name was changed to the Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in the year 2000. It is currently located in midtown Detroit, Michigan and is one of Wayne State University's professional schools. There are currently sixteen programs being offered at the school, with fourteen degree programs and two certificate programs. The college is divided into four academic departments: Fundamental & Applied Sciences, Health Care Sciences, Pharmacy Practice, and Pharmaceutical Sciences.
Building structure.
The current building became available in May 2002. The building is 27,000 square feet with five floors, six levels and was designed by Neumann/Smith Architecture. The building provides multiple laboratories, offices, and classrooms, divided by program. The upper three floors are home to offices and labs while the lower three include classrooms and an auditorium. Mortuary science students, however, work in their own building. The Mortuary Science Building is located on Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit. 
Student Body.
In Fall 2012, the Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences had 1,012 total students enrolled, with 870 full time students and 142 part time students. There were 272 total undergraduate students, 348 graduate students, and 392 professional students. There were 83 full time faculty members. 66% of current students are female, while the remaining 34% are male. The acceptance rate of Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Science is 29%. Enrollment by various ethnicities may be seen by the table “Enrollment by ethnicity”
Enrollment by ethnicity. 
A total of 347 degrees were granted to students in the 2011-12 school year. These degrees that were granted included 112 baccalaureate degrees, 4 postbaccalaureate certificates, 95 master's degree, 5 post-master's certificates, and 131 doctoral degrees. 
Tuition.
The Wayne State University Fall 2013 tuition and fee schedule indicate that cost per credit hour for undergraduate students is $326.00 per credit hour, non-resident student tuition is $746.65 per credit hour, and graduate school student tuition is $554.15 per credit hour for resident students and $1200.35 per credit hour for non-resident students.
List of programs.
The Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Science offers undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees. The college provides the opportunity for five bachelor of science degrees, two certificates, five various master degrees, two doctorates in physical therapy, and a pharmacy PhD. A list of the offered degree and certificate programs was obtained from the Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences curriculum website. The programs are divided into four departments, Fundamental and applied sciences, health care sciences, pharmacy practice, and pharmaceutical sciences.
Fundamental and applied sciences.
Clinical Laboratory Sciences - Bachelor of Science
Forensic Investigation – Certificate (post-bachelor)
Mortuary Science – Bachelor of Science 
Pathologists' assistant – Bachelor of Science 
Health care and sciences.
Nurse Anesthesia – Master of Science 
Occupational therapy – Master of occupational therapy 
Pediatric Nurse Anesthesia – Certificate
Physical Therapy – Doctorate
Physical Therapy (Transitional) – Doctorate
Radiologist Assistant – Master of Science 
Radiologic Technology – Bachelor of Science 
Radiation Therapy Technology – Bachelor of Science 
Physician's Assistant Studies – Master of Science 
Pharmacy practice and pharmaceutical sciences.
Pharmaceutical Sciences – Master of Science, Doctor of Philosophy
Pharmacy – PharmD
The Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Science, in the past, provided students with a Cytotechnology program, but that program is no longer available. 
Rankings.
U.S News & World Report ranked the Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences 17th in nursing-anesthesia, 58th in occupational therapy, 39th in pharmacy, 121st in physical therapy, and 62nd in physician assistant programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19894138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894138" title="French cruiser Marseillaise (1900)">
French cruiser Marseillaise (1900)

The Marseillaise was an armoured cruiser of the French Navy.
In 1920, she escorted as she ferried US President Woodrow Wilson to the USA.
In 1922, she was put in the reserve, and used as gunnery school from 1925. She was condemned on 13 February 1932 and broken up the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="19894156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894156" title="It's Mashed Potato Time">
It's Mashed Potato Time

"It's Mashed Potato Time" is the first studio album by Dee Dee Sharp.

</doc>
<doc id="19894165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894165" title="Robert Tingle">
Robert Tingle

Robert G. Tingle (born October 24, 1957) is an American casino pit manager and a former candidate for public office in the state of Rhode Island. 
Early life.
Tingle was born in Darby, Pennsylvania. 
In 1975, he graduated from Atlantic City High School. 
Professional career.
Tingle began working at casinos in 1980, when he became a supervisor at Ballys Park Place Casino. He left the casino in 1992 to become pit manager at Foxwoods Resort Casino, a position which he still holds today.
Political involvement.
In 2000, Tingle first began getting involved politically with the Republican Party. In that year he was a delegate to the Republican National Convention and also the Republican candidate for Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district. He was defeated in that race by the Democratic James Langevin.
In 2002, Tingle challenged popular Democratic incumbent Jack Reed in the 2002 U.S. Senate race in Rhode Island. He was defeated soundly, 78% to 22%. 
2008 United States Senate campaign.
In 2008, rather than allowing the still tremendously popular Reed to run unopposed for a third term, Tingle announced his candidacy and was nominated by his own Republican Party. 
He was running on a somewhat libertarian, self-described "Reagan Conservative" platform. Tingle is pro-life, in favor of gun rights, in favor of decriminalizing marijuana, in favor of abolishing the federal income tax, against amnesty for illegal immigrants, in favor of lowering the drinking age, opposed to the death penalty, and opposed to spending on the United Nations and international aid. Tingle has criticized Reed's liberal voting record in the Senate as being out of touch with blue-collar Rhode Islanders, taking particular issue with Reed's pro-choice bent.
Reed was re-elected in a landslide, as he was in 2002, most likely due to his popularity among his constituents (his job approval rating is almost 70%) and the fact that Rhode Island is an overwhelmingly Democratic state. On November 4, 2008, Tingle was defeated by Reed by a margin of about 47%.

</doc>
<doc id="19894167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894167" title="Boiceville, New York">
Boiceville, New York

Boiceville is a community in Ulster County, New York, USA. Boiceville is located at the intersection of New York State Route 28 and New York State Route 28A, within Catskill State Park. The community is located at .
Education.
Onteora Central School District operates the public schools in Boiceville, including Onteora High School, Onteora Middle School, and Bennett Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="19894204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894204" title="Via Funchal">
Via Funchal

Via Funchal, with an area of 15,000 m², is an arena in São Paulo, Brazil, that hosts many events, such as concerts and other shows.<BR>Seated, it hosts 3,120 people and standing, it host until 6,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19894242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894242" title="U.R.I. Rams Radio">
U.R.I. Rams Radio

The University of Rhode Island Rams are carried on a commercial network as well as the university's own radio station. On the commercial network, there are 3 stations: the A.M. flagship, an F.M. co-flagship and an F.M. affiliate in the southern end of the state. One of the announcers is Steve McDonald of WHJJ.

</doc>
<doc id="19894253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894253" title="George Baddeley">
George Baddeley

George Baddeley (8 May 1874 – July 1952) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and West Bromwich Albion.
Career.
Born in Fegg Hayes, Stoke-upon-Trent, Baddeley attended Fegg Hayes Church of England School. After leaving school he played football for Ball Heath, Burslem Swifts, Pitshill and Biddulph He joined Stoke in May 1900 he made his debut in 1901–02. He was awarded the captaincy in his first full season of 1902–03, alongside Tom Holford and James Bradley, Baddeley completed a powerful midfield three which effectively kept Stoke in the First Division throughout the early 1900s. Although occasionally criticised for 'marring a clever display by trying to do much with the ball' Baddeley's consistency allowed him to play 99 consecutive for Stoke from February 1903. Despite home crowds averaging 8,000 in 1905–06, the directors brought poorly and Stoke imploded first being relegated and then being liquidated which saw them leave the Football League at the end of the 1907–08 season.
In July 1908 Baddeley along with centre forward Freddie Brown signed for West Bromwich Albion for £250 and made his debut away at Grimsby Town two months later. He won a Second Division championship medal with the club in 1910–11 and an FA Cup runners-up medal in 1912. Baddeley's last game for Albion was against Sheffield Wednesday on 18 April 1914, at the age of 39 years, 345 days. He remains, as of October 2008, the oldest player ever to appear for the club in a competitive fixture. He retired from football the following month after playing making 157 senior appearances for West Bromwich Albion. He subsequently became a publican and also worked in the upholstery trade. He died in West Bromwich in July 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19894269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894269" title="1993 Paris Open">
1993 Paris Open

The 1993 Paris Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 19th edition of the Paris Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1993 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from November 1 through November 8, 1993.
The draw was headlined by World No. 1 Pete Sampras, Jim Courier, and Boris Becker. Other top seeds were Michael Stich, Sergi Bruguera, Stefan Edberg, Michael Chang, and Goran Ivanišević.

</doc>
<doc id="19894359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894359" title="Police paddock">
Police paddock

Police paddock is an Australian term that refers to a plot of suburban land that has or has historically been set aside for police horses.
Before the universal adoption of the motor car as the preferred mode of urban transport, urban and suburban police stations rode horses. These horses were stabled and reared on paddocks that were adjacent to or near to police stations.
Mounted police units still exist and are frequently used for crowd control at public demonstrations. Many of the old police paddocks still bear the name or nickname 'Police Paddock'.
Usage of the term is found for Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria.
Police paddocks were an obvious place to play sports, and many suburban sports were played on police paddocks. Since the widespread use of horses has been abandoned, the paddocks have become redundant, and many have been turned into sports stadiums. The Melbourne Cricket Ground was formerly a police paddock.

</doc>
<doc id="19894371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894371" title="Valerie Corral">
Valerie Corral

Valerie Corral is the Executive Director and Co-Founder of the Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana and Raha Kudo, Design for Dying Project. 
Origin of Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana.
In 1973, while driving though Nevada, a small airplane swooped down and scraped Corral's car, sending her "skidding, rolling and bouncing 365 feet through the dust, brush and rocks." As a result of the accident, Corral's injuries included brain damage, epilepsy and severe migraines. Despite taking prescription drugs, Corral continued experiencing convulsions, shaking and grand mal seizures. Having read in a medical journal that marijuana controlled seizures in mice, Corral's husband recommended that she give the drug a try—she has maintained a steady level of marijuana in her system since then, finding that it helped alleviate her symptoms.
In 1992, Valerie and Mike Corral were arrested by the local sheriff for the cultivation of five marijuana plants, which spurred her into the political arena. As a result, Valerie became the first patient in California to challenge existing law and use a defense of necessity for medical marijuana. Prosecutors dismissed the case, claiming they were unlikely to win before a sympathetic jury in liberal Santa Cruz. After the sheriff arrested the Corrals again one year later, the district attorney stated he had no intention of ever prosecuting them, requesting that the police leave the couple alone. The Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana (WAMM) was started at this time (1993).
Valerie was a key-player in the crafting and passage of Proposition 215 (also known as the Compassionate Use Act of 1996), which allowed patients with a doctors recommendation to use marijuana medicinally. WAMM became the first medical marijuana collective to be granted non-profit status in the United States. WAMM is also considered to be the most legitimate medical marijuana collective and cooperative in the nation.
While Mike and Valerie were supported by local authorities to protect them against theft and distribution, federal authorities maintained that growing, using and distributing marijuana was illegal. To provide legal protection, Santa Cruz deputized the Corrals in 2000 to act as medical marijuana providers.
Hospice care.
Corral founded a hospice care center for patients who use medical marijuana to alleviate symptoms associated with
various terminal diseases and conditions. She has provided personal care and comfort to hundreds of individuals during
their passage to death including Laura Huxley with whom she was a close personal friend. Close to 200 WAMM members have died since the conception of the group. Valerie Corral has been by the bedside of most.
2002 DEA raid.
On September 5, 2002, armed federal agents from the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) raided the WAMM garden just weeks prior to their annual harvest, arresting the Corrals and destroying all the collective's medicine (150 plants). Valerie and Mike were detained and later released. The government never filed charges, though the Corrals decided to challenge the federal ban with assistance from Santa Clara University law professor Gerald Uelmen and advocates at the Drug Policy Alliance. 
Several weeks later, WAMM handed out medical marijuana on the steps of city hall in Santa Cruz, California. WAMM members, whose illnesses include multiple sclerosis, cancer, and AIDS, came out in support of their organization. Many protests and media articles followed the raid, and the DEA received negative and unfavorable worldwide media attention as a result of the raid against the terminally ill.
Post raid.
Despite the raid in 2002, Valerie and Mike Corral continue to operate WAMM out of Santa Cruz. 
Valerie played a key-role in drafting SB 420, which expanded many definitions and provisions for patients in California.
Lawsuits and court cases.
Valerie Corral has been at the forefront of several lawsuits against the government. The most recent court case is "County of Santa Cruz v. Mukasey", in which the City and County of Santa Cruz signed on with WAMM to sue the federal government.
Judge Jeremy Fogel recently allowed discovery for the plaintiffs, which allows WAMM's lawyers to ask the federal government very specific questions in regard to their enforcement of California's medical marijuana laws. An American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) press release stated the following:
In a first-of-its-kind ruling, a federal court today held that the U.S. Constitution bars deliberate subversion by the federal government of state medical marijuana laws.
Valerie has also been involved with "Conant v. Walters", "County of San Diego v. San Diego NORML", and "Craker v. DEA".
In the most recent rejection of medical marijuana by the Federal Government, the DEA denied Professor Craker, Valerie Corral, and MAPS request to end the federal governments monopoly on medical marijuana production and research.
From an ACLU Press Release:
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The Bush administration struck a parting shot to legitimate science today as the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) refused to end the unique government monopoly over the supply of marijuana available for Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved research. DEA’s final ruling rejected the formal recommendation of DEA Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) Mary Ellen Bittner, issued nearly two years ago following extensive legal hearings.

</doc>
<doc id="19894405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894405" title="D'management Group">
D'management Group

d'management group is an international modeling agency based in Milan.
D’management group was established in 2001 by David Brown, who after years of experience as one of the fashion industry’s top agents, decided to create a new style of agency and management company representing only international celebrities, top models and select image models in the fashion and advertising markets.
D’management group has maintained a primary focus on marketing and management of a select group of top fashion models & internationally recognised names who have developed and expanded their careers into different fields of fashion and other areas including cinema, television, music and journalism PLUS a specific & exclusive group of both commercial & editorial image models.
More recently d’management group has started on an expansion to develop on its well established management skills and reputation and increase its presence in the areas of sport and entertainment, to represent and promote a select group of stars in these various fields.
D'management group represents icons such as Kate Moss,Naomi Campbell The men's division of the model agency is called d'Men.

</doc>
<doc id="19894406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894406" title="Kevin Dawson (footballer born 1981)">
Kevin Dawson (footballer born 1981)

Kevin Dawson (born 18 June 1981) is an English professional footballer who plays for Stocksbridge Park Steels, as a defender.
Early and personal life.
Born in Northallerton, Dawson is the middle brother of fellow footballers Andy and Michael.
Career.
Dawson began his career with Nottingham Forest, making 11 appearances in the Football League between 1999 and 2002. While at Forest, Dawson spent a brief loan spell at Barnet, making five league appearances. After leaving Forest, Dawson spent three seasons with Chesterfield, making 51 league appearances and scoring once against Huddersfield Town. Dawson later played non-league football with Barrow, Worksop Town, Wakefield and Stocksbridge Park Steels.

</doc>
<doc id="19894422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894422" title="Camp Murphy">
Camp Murphy

Camp Murphy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19894423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894423" title="French cruiser Waldeck-Rousseau">
French cruiser Waldeck-Rousseau

The Waldeck-Rousseau was an armoured cruiser of the French Navy.
On 18 October 1914, off Kotor, she fought against the Austro-Hungarian U-boat and aircraft. In August 1916, she battled another submarine.
She was put in the reserve in 1924, and reactivated in April 1929 until 1931. She was decommissioned once again in 1932, and used as a hulk from 16 June 1936 and moved to Indochina.
In July 1942, she was moved to Kolombangara and was cosmetically modified for serve to decoy of "Musashi"; she was destroyed in harbor in June 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19894424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894424" title="Jerrod Niemann">
Jerrod Niemann

Jerrod Lee Niemann (born July 24, 1979) is an American country music artist. Active since 2001, he has recorded two independent albums. In 2006, he signed to Category 5 Records and charted with the single "I Love Women (My Momma Can't Stand)". He has also co-written three singles for Garth Brooks: the Chris LeDoux tribute "Good Ride Cowboy", as well as "That Girl Is a Cowboy" and "Midnight Sun". Jamey Johnson, Neal McCoy, Julie Roberts, Flynnville Train and Zona Jones have also recorded Niemann's songs.
In early 2010, Niemann signed to Arista Nashville's Sea Gayle division and released "Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury", which includes the number-one single "Lover, Lover" and the top five hit "What Do You Want". His second Arista album, "Free the Music" (2012), has produced the top 20 hit "Shinin' on Me". Niemann's third album, "High Noon", will be released in March 2014.
Career.
Singer.
Niemann was born in Harper, Kansas, but raised in Liberal, Kansas. From an early age, he was influenced by country acts such as Lefty Frizzell, Keith Whitley and George Strait. He learned to play his first musical instrument on a Tracy Lawrence autographed guitar his mother won in a contest at a Lawrence concert. Niemann joined the non-profit organization Kansas Kids, a division of American Kids, and continued competing in talent competitions.
After graduating from Liberal High School, Niemann attended South Plains College in Levelland, Texas, pursuing an Associate of Arts degree. Niemann began his professional music career by singing and playing acoustic guitar in Texas clubs and bars, particularly the Stockyard Saloon and the historic White Elephant Saloon located in the Fort Worth Stockyards. In 1999 he self-released his debut album "Long Hard Road".
Niemann moved to Nashville, Tennessee in September 2000. He signed a developmental deal with Mercury Records in August 2001 but did not release anything on the label. After exiting Mercury Records, Niemann and his band continued touring the club circuit across America playingvenues such as the Grizzly Rose in Denver, Colorado and the Wildhorse Saloon in Nashville. He soon traveled to Europe to tour with the band Kane consisting of members Christian Kane and Steve Carlson.
In 2006, he signed to Category 5 Records and charted with the single "I Love Women (My Momma Can't Stand)". The label closed after this single's release, and the album "Behind This Microphone" was never released, although "I Love Women" entered the country singles charts.
Niemann signed to Arista Nashville's Sea Gayle division, co-owned by Brad Paisley, in 2010. His debut single "Lover, Lover", which was released in early 2010 was originally recorded by the folk music group Sonia Dada under the title "You Don't Treat Me No Good," and was a number one single in Australia in 1992. In March 2010, "Lover, Lover" became Niemann's first Top 40 single on the country music charts and in August became his first number one country hit. The song is included on his first major-label album, "Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury". The album's second single, "What Do You Want", was released to radio on September 27, 2010. It debuted at number 49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of October 9, 2010. In May 2011, "What Do You Want" peaked at number four. The album's third single, "One More Drinkin' Song", reached number 13 in December 2011.
Niemann released his fourth Arista single, "Shinin' on Me", on April 9, 2012. His second Arista album, "Free the Music", was released on October 2, 2012. The album's second single, "Only God Could Love You More", was released to country radio on October 29, 2012.
"Drink to That All Night" was released in late 2013 as a single for an upcoming third album for Arista. The album, "High Noon", will be released in March 2014.
Songwriting.
At the age of eight, Niemann was writing several songs a year. He found legendary Nashville songwriters such as Whitey Shafer, Dean Dillon and Paul Overstreet to be very influential in his songwriting and went on to co-write with all three while living in Nashville, TN. At age of 10 he performed original songs in local talent shows in Kansas. After collecting several compositions throughout high school, Niemann recorded his debut album "Long Hard Road" in Clovis, New Mexico while attending college in Levelland, TX.
In May 2001, Niemann was contacted by Garth Brooks to collaborate along with fellow songwriter Richie Brown. Niemann went on to co-write three singles for Garth Brooks: the Chris LeDoux tribute "Good Ride Cowboy", as well as "That Girl Is a Cowboy" and "Midnight Sun". "Good Ride Cowboy" also earned Niemann a Broadcast Music Incorporated award for being one of the most played country songs of 2005.
Other artists who have recorded Niemann's work include Jamey Johnson, Neal McCoy, Julie Roberts, John Anderson, Flynnville Train and Zona Jones. Niemann has signed publishing deals throughout his career with Marathon Key Music (a co-venture with Warner/Chappell Music) and Sea Gayle Music.
Personal life.
On March 6, 2012, Niemann's tour bus caught fire. He was unharmed. Niemann credits fellow country singer Lee Brice for alerting him to the dangerous blaze.

</doc>
<doc id="19894428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894428" title="Colbie Caillat discography">
Colbie Caillat discography

The discography of Colbie Caillat contains four studio albums, two extended plays and six singles. Caillat rose to fame through social networking website Myspace. At that time, she was the number-one unsigned artist of her genre. After signing with Universal Republic, she released debut album in July 2007, "Coco" has sold 2,060,000 copies in the United States and is certified 2x Platinum. In August 2009, she released "Breakthrough", her second album which became her first album to debut at number one on Billboard 200. It has been certified Gold by RIAA. In July 2011, she released her third studio album, "All of You". In October 2012 she released her first christmas album "Christmas in the Sand".

</doc>
<doc id="19894455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894455" title="Hunts Point Department of Public Safety">
Hunts Point Department of Public Safety

The Hunts Point Department of Public Safety is a law enforcement agency in the borough of The Bronx within the confines of New York City. Their duties are to enforce city and state laws at the New York City Terminal Market, to protect the people and property of the market, including all its facilities, storefronts, railways, and surrounding roadways.
Power and Authority.
HPDPS Peace Officers are designated as NYS Peace Officers under New York State Criminal Procedural Law Section 210, subsection 27 as New York City Special Patrolmen, and N.Y. ADC. LAW § 14-106: NY Code - Section 14-106 as Special Patrolmen and by Chapter 13 of Title 38 of the Rules of the City of New York. They are commissioned by the NYPD Police Commissioner.
The department also employs security guards and Emergency Medical Technicians.
Positions.
There are several positions within the department:
NYC Special Patrolmen (Peace Officers) - who perform peace officer action and enforce the NYS Penal Law, NYS Vehicle and Traffic Law, NYS and NYC Environmental Protection Law (Engine Idling Law), and NYC Administrative Code within the confines of the New York City Terminal Market and the surrounding roadways. They are authorized to make warrantless arrests, make car stops, issue summonses, and use physical and deadly physical force. 
Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs) – are state-certified EMTs who administer emergency medical care to patients of medical emergencies, such as heart attacks, strokes and automobile accidents; they provide necessary life-saving treatment; stabilize patients in order to be transported to the hospital; and administer defibrillation when medically necessary.
Public Safety Officers (Security Officers) - State licensed, certified and registered security guards who assist in overseeing the daily patrol & protection operations at the Terminal Market. They enforce the market rules and regulations, enforce NYC Fire Codes, conduct truck and vehicle checkpoint inspections at the entrance of the facilities and enforce NYC parking rules and regulation.
Rank Structure.
There are ten supervisory titles in the Hunts Point Public Safety Department eight of which are uniformed positions. The highest sworn rank being Chief Of Department.
Training.
The HPDPS Public Safety recruits must go through and pass approximately 7 weeks of training which includes the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services (DCJS) training as a Peace Officer which entails Penal Law, Criminal Procedure Law, Vehicle and Traffic Law, Defensive Tactics, Firearms and Pepper Spray, Physical Training, Arrest Techniques and Process, Report Writing & Accusatory Instruments training, Interviewing and Interrogating, Patrol Tactics, Critical Incident Management (ICS & NIMS) Weapons of Mass Destruction, Emotionally Disturbed Persons, American Red Cross Professional Rescuers CPR / AED training, Standard First Aid, Blood–Borne Pathogens training and other light medical training. 
In addition, recruits go through NYS Community Emergency Response Team (C.E.R.T.) training, Fraudulent Documents training & Commercial Vehicle Search Techniques & Hidden Compartment Training 
HPDPS Emergency Medical Technicians-{EMT-B} must receive 140 hours (28 weeks) of state certified medical training with an additional 12-hour rotation in a hospital emergency room on their own time.
Each new officer must then complete a minimum of two weeks of on-the-job training assigned to a Field Training Officer.
Equipment.
Hunts Point Public Safety Officers can carry a firearm with the approval of NYPD pistol license section. expandable baton, handcuffs, flashlight, bullet resistant vest, and a two-way radio that is directly linked to the Central Dispatcher and other officers.
Uniforms.
HPDPS officers wear the dark blue style uniform.
Law Enforcement Union Membership.
All Hunts Point Department of Public Safety Officers belong to the Hunts Point Benevolent Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19894467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894467" title="Forte Design Systems">
Forte Design Systems

Forte Design Systems, Inc. is a San Jose, CA, based provider of high-level synthesis (HLS) software products, also known as electronic system-level (ESL) synthesis. Forte's main product is Cynthesizer. On February 14, 2014, Forte was acquired by Cadence Design Systems. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
History.
The company was founded in 1998 as C2 Design Automation by John Sanguinetti, Andy Goodrich and Randy Allen. A year later the company changed its name to CynApps and began selling C-based synthesis and RTL translation tools. It also distributed an open-source C++ class library called Cynlib, which competed with SystemC. In 2000, CynApps acquired Dasys, a Pittsburgh-based maker of behavioral synthesis tools. In 2001, CynApps merged with Chronology (founded in Redmond, WA, in 1990) to become Forte Design Systems. Forte began selling Cynthesizer, a SystemC-based HLS tool, which had its first successful tapeout in 2002. In 2009, Forte acquired Arithmatica, whose CellMath Designer tool was integrated into Cynthesizer. In 2012 and 2013, industry analysts found that Cynthesizer was used by 31% of high-level designers, the most of any ESL tool.
Product.
Cynthesizer is a high-level synthesis tool. "High level" in this context means designers can describe the functionality of a complex electronic system as a pure algorithm in SystemC. The designer can then direct Cynthesizer to produce a unique hardware architecture that implements the system in a specific number of clock cycles. This replaces the traditional method of using a hardware description language like Verilog or VHDL, where the designer must manually write out the usage of hardware components in a fixed schedule of clock cycles. If designers want hardware with different performance, they can redirect Cynthesizer to produce a new architecture that is faster or smaller, whereas with the traditional method a completely new design must be written. The output of Cynthesizer is Verilog, which is then run automatically through a logic synthesis tool.

</doc>
<doc id="19894497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894497" title="Mark Tomlinson">
Mark Tomlinson

Mark Tomlinson (born March 25, 1982) is a professional polo player who plays for the England polo team, with a handicap of seven goals in Britain and six in Argentina.
Biography.
Tomlinson, whose parents Simon and Claire own the Beaufort Polo Club, was born into a family of polo players in Gloucestershire and was educated at Marlborough and the University of the West of England (UWE), Bristol with a degree in Spanish. He has an older brother and a sister, both of whom are international polo players. Emma as an amateur with a two-goal handicap and Luke Tomlinson, currently the captain in the England Team with a seven goals handicap in Britain.
Tomlinson made his first start for England in 2005.
Mark and Luke played with James Beim and Malcom Borwick on the England team and won the Cartier International 2008 at Guards Polo Club with 10-9 against Australia. He captained and won the St. Regis International Test Match at Cowdray Park Polo Club against Italy and the Williams De Broe Test Match at Beaufort Polo Club against New Zealand.
In the Queen's Cup 2008, he played for the Apes Hill Team and won the Vivari Cup Subfinal against team Grayshurst.
He also took part in the Argentina Polo Tour 2008, playing for the team Twelve Oaks and he was the team captain at the New Zealand Test Match, which was played in Kihikihi Polo Club on February 9.

</doc>
<doc id="19894578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894578" title="Jacutinga, Minas Gerais">
Jacutinga, Minas Gerais

Jacutinga is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.
Other uses.
Jacutinga is also a gold-bearing iron ore found in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19894583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894583" title="Lamming Mills, British Columbia">
Lamming Mills, British Columbia

Lamming Mills is an unincorporated community located on the Canadian National Railway just northwest of McBride, British Columbia. Lamming Mills Post Office opened 23 April 1945 and closed 31 December 1969.
Lamming Mills was originally known as "Cariboo." The name was then changed about 1920 to "Craigbenn" after section foreman D.A. Craig and yard owner J. Bennett. Craigbenn station was renamed "Lamming Mills" on 12 June 1946 in keeping with the name of the post office.

</doc>
<doc id="19894586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894586" title="White Side of Night">
White Side of Night

White Side of Night is the third studio album by Irish band Scullion. It was released in 1983 by WEA and produced by Nicky Ryan with the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19894618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894618" title="Figure skating at the 1936 Winter Olympics – Men's singles">
Figure skating at the 1936 Winter Olympics – Men's singles

The men's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1936 Winter Olympics. It was the sixth appearance of the event, which had previously been held twice at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 and at all three Winter Games from 1924 onward. The competition was held from Sunday February 9, 1936 to Friday February 14, 1936.
Twenty-five figure skaters from twelve nations competed.
Results.
Karl Schäfer successfully defended his 1932 title.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19894638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894638" title="Paul Finlay">
Paul Finlay

Paul Finlay is an Irish Gaelic footballer from County Monaghan. He plays his club football for Ballybay Pearses and his inter-county football for the Monaghan senior team.
Finlay is the son of former Monaghan footballer Kieran "Jap" Finlay. He won an All-Ireland title with the Monaghan Vocational Schools and played a prominent role in Sligo IT's Sigerson Cup success in 2002. He has also won Minor and Intermediate medals with Ballybay Pearses. Finlay was first selected for the Monaghan senior team in 2003. He is regarded as the team's playmaker and played a starring role in their 2005 National Football League Division Two win, Monaghan's first national title in twenty years. In 2008 Finlay was called up to the Ireland international rules football team as a replacement for Tommy Walsh of Kerry.

</doc>
<doc id="19894661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894661" title="Hiba Kawas">
Hiba Kawas

Hiba Al Kawas (Arabic هبه القواس) (born 17 July 1972, Saïda, Lebanon) is a Lebanese operatic soprano, composer and academic.
Biography and career.
Hiba Al Kawas graduated from the Lebanese University with a degree in experimental sciences and a Bachelor's Degree in clinical psychology. She followed this with a Master's Degree in opera singing with high distinction from the Lebanese National Higher Conservatory and a Master's Degree in composition and studies in musicology. She completed final studies for a Diploma in piano. Al Kawas was awarded a special scholarship from the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Italy where she pursued advanced studies in opera singing with Carlo Bergonzi and composition with Franco Donatoni.
Composer.
Hiba Al Kawas has composed for symphony orchestra, chamber orchestra, string orchestra, various ensembles, piano, and voice. In her compositions traditional Arabic instruments are included in the orchestra. Her compositions combine Oriental-Arabic music components with international composition techniques, forming a bridge between Oriental-Arabic music, classical and neo classical forms, and contemporary music.
Hiba Al Kawas has recorded 21 works of her own composition with the Dnepropetrovsk Symphony Orchestra-Ukraine under the direction of Vyacheslav Blinov, and 10 works with the Kraków Academy of Music Symphony Orchestra, under the direction of Wojciech Czepiel. She has recorded 13 works with The National Symphony Orchestra of Ukraine and the National Choir of Kiev conducted by Vladimir Sirenko. In 2000, participated as a composer in the Krakow Contemporary Composition Festival, where the Krakow chamber Orchestra played her "Aspiration No.1" conducted by Wojceich Czepiel. At her second appearance ath the festival, her composition "Moments in Krakow" was given its world premiere by the Krakow Academy of Music conducted Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Wojceich Czepiel. Her orchestral work, "Pleusis 1", which was premiered in 2000 by the Lebanese National Symphony Orchestra conducted by Harout Fazlian and by Wojciech Czepiel, has been played by the City of London Sinfonia, Cairo Symphony Orchestra, Krakow Symphony Orchestra, Bolshoi State Theatre Symphony Orchestra.
On 14 October 2007, her composition "Rou'ia fi Maa" received its première at the Opéra Bastille in Paris. The work comprises five instrumental and three song pieces based on Arabic poems by Nada El Hage. It was commissioned by the Festival d'Automne for contemporary music and performed by the Neuwe Ensemble of Amsterdam with Al Kawas singing the soprano solos. In November 2007 a short musical film "Noor" - "Lady Light" was produced using Hiba Al Kawas' song "Asra Biqalbi" which is based on a poem by Abdel Aziz Khoja. "Asra Biqalbi" and several other works by Al Kawas received their world première at the Abu Dhabi Music Festival, in the closing concert on 2 April 2008.
Concert artist.
Since her first concert at the age of six, Hiba Al Kawas has performed in many concerts in Lebanon, Syria, the United Arab Emirates, Cairo, Tunis, Bahrain, London, Paris, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, Portugal, and Amsterdam. She has established a career in Lebanon and the Arab world, furthering the cause of Arabic opera. She developed and adapted operatic vocal techniques to find the proper voice placement to preserve the Arabic pronunciation and singing tradition. She frequently performs her own vocal compositions in concerts.
She performed at the opening ceremony of Tyre festival in Lebanon and the Al-Medina Festival in Tunis. On 30 November 2006, Hiba Al Kawas performed along with José Carreras in Dubai at the second anniversary of the Dubai International Financial Centre, accompanied by the City of London Sinfonia Orchestra, conducted by David Giménez Carreras and Brad Cohen. She performed songs of her own composition and sang a duet with Carreras, "All I Ask of You" from "The Phantom of the Opera". On 19 February 2007 Al Kawas sang several of her compositions in the presence of President Jacques Chirac at the IMA in Paris. She dedicated her song "O Liban soit sauvé!" (composed to the poetry of Nada El Hage) to President Chirac and the memory of Rafic Hariri. On 2 April 2008, Al Kawas closed the 5th Abu Dhabi Music and Art Festival, accompanied by Bolshoi Theatre Symphony Orchestra. Several of her compositions inspired by Andalusian music were premiered at the Festival with Jose Maria Gallardo Del Rey on guitar. On 21 April 2008, she presented a music, poetry, and meditation evening, "The Sound of a Peaceful Heart", with Dadi Janki, the head of Brahma Komaris University, and the poets Hoda Naamani and Nada El Hage. On 19 June 2008 she performed her songs in London with the Nieuw Ensemble, Amsterdam, at the Cadogan Hall.
Academic.
Al Kawas is currently a member of the board at the Lebanese National Higher Conservatory and a professor of Opera singing and Composition. She is a professor at the Lebanese University and is the Academic and Music Coordinator at the Teachers' Training College for Music in Beirut. She is a committee member of The Lebanese National Symphony Orchestra as well as a member of the High National Committee of Music at UNESCO. She is a member of the Intellectual Property Committee of the International Chamber of Commerce. In 2005, she gave several lectures at the University of Amsterdam and was commissioned by the University to compose "Sada Al Akwan", which was played by the Nieuw Ensemble during Gaudeamus Music Week in Utrecht. She is the co-author of "Methods for Elementary and Intermediate Music Stages in Lebanon" (1997/1998) and the author of "Methods for Teacher Training in Lebanese Music Schools" (2000).
Compositions.
Instrumental.
For symphony orchestra
For string orchestra
For the Neuwe Ensemble
Octets
Trios
Duets for oud and piano
For piano
Vocal.
Arabic arias for soprano, choir and symphony orchestra
Arabic arias for soprano and symphony orchestra
Arabic arias for soprano and orchestra
Arabic arias for soprano and piano

</doc>
<doc id="19894670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894670" title="Tim McManigal">
Tim McManigal

Tim McManigal (born December, 1983 in Chicago, IL) is an American Football linebacker playing for the Chicago Slaughter of the Indoor Football League. He was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the CFL in 2007. He played college football at New Mexico State where he was second team ALL WAC.
Early years.
McManigal attended Marist High School in Chicago, IL where he lettered in football and basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="19894675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894675" title="Spectatoring">
Spectatoring

Spectatoring is a process suggested by Masters and Johnson (1970) that involves a person focusing on him/herself "from a third person perspective during sexual activity, rather than focusing on one's sensations and/or sexual partner, can increase performance fears and cause deleterious effects on sexual performance."

</doc>
<doc id="19894749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894749" title="The Catholic Miscellany">
The Catholic Miscellany

The Catholic Miscellany, successor to the U.S. Catholic Miscellany, the first Catholic newspaper in the United States, is the official newspaper of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charleston. It was founded by Bishop John England, the first bishop of Charleston in 1822. He had been assigned to the area the previous year.
"U.S. Catholic Miscellany".
Bishop England wrote in defense of his faith and about Irish immigrants since he had been assigned to the Diocese of Charleston in 1821. He had to buy advertisement space in either the "Charleston Mercury" or the "Charleston Courier" to answer nativist attacks. Nativism was a movement prominent in those days that sought to restrict political rights of foreign-born citizens. 
Irish Catholics were a prime target in the south. The need Bishop England perceived for a Catholic communications forum in the New World prompted the activist prelate to start up the "United States Catholic Miscellany" on June 5, 1822. 
To market the premiere issue, Bishop England laid out a prospectus which was often repeated over the years and which was mailed to friends and potential investors: “Amongst the various wants of the Catholics of these states I do not know of a greater temporal (one) than a weekly paper, the principal scope of which will fair and simple statements of Catholic doctrine from authentic documents, plain and inoffensively exhibited, refutation of calumnies, examination and illustration of misrepresented facts of history, biographies of eminent ecclesiastics and others connected with the Church, reviews of books for and against Catholicity, events connected with religion in all parts of the world, etc.” 
The new Catholic paper was originally in a magazine format, 6"x9", that evolved into an eight-page tabloid-sized paper similar to the current one. No photographs were published in the "U.S. Catholic Miscellany". The original circulation was 600 and peaked at 1,030; less than half of the subscribers actually paid the $4 annual subscription rate, according to an article published by the American Catholic Historical Society (the document housed in the diocesan archives bears no citation as to date or authorship). Finances were a continual problem for the newspaper. 
Bishop England wrote most of the articles, signing them either “+John, Bishop of Charleston” or using a nom de plume such as “Curiosity” when the piece was not official church teaching. The bishop's work was editorialized throughout the paper. Some of his explanatory articles ran for as many as 20 installments. 
Towards the end of Bishop England's episcopate, editors and writers had assumed many of the writing duties. When the bishop died in 1842, The Miscellany reported under the headline, Death of the Bishop: “Our beloved Bishop is no more! After a long and distressing illness, he expired last Monday morning at ten minutes past 5 o’clock, in the 56th year of his age, and 22nd of his Episcopate. 
We cannot give expression to the feelings of our heart, overwhelmed with grief at this irreparable calamity.”
By then there were 1,500,000 Catholics in the nation and other Catholic publications had started. Bishop Ignatius A. Reynolds continued the United States Catholic Miscellany as a regional newspaper when he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Charleston in 1844. 
His editor was Father Patrick N. Lynch, who was destined to succeed him as bishop in 1858. 
Soon after Bishop Lynch's was installed, South Carolina seceded from the Union in 1860 and The Miscellany changed its name to reflect its secessionist viewpoint. The banner of the Dec. 29 edition appeared as "Catholic Miscellany". Starting with the first issue of 1861, the paper was called "Charleston Catholic Miscellany".
The American Catholic Historical Society credited the title change to the paper's smaller range, noting that Georgia had become its own diocese in 1850, but the editor, Father James Corcoran, wrote that he could no longer tolerate “those two obnoxious words (i.e.: United States), which being henceforth without truth of meaning would ill become the title of the paper.”
On Dec. 11, 1861 fire swept across the peninsula of Charleston, destroying the Cathedral of Saint John and Saint Finbar, the editorial offices of the paper and its press, along with many other buildings. The Miscellany ceased publication. 
Following the Civil War, Bishop Lynch tried to revive the Catholic paper, but funds to support it were not available in post-bellum South Carolina.
Revival.
Ninety years after "The Miscellany" was discontinued, "The Catholic Banner" appeared in 1951. "The Banner" was published as a section of "Our Sunday Visitor", a nationally distributed Catholic weekly newspaper. In 1960, "The Banner" became part of a three-diocese consortium, designed and published in Waynesboro, Georgia, with some local articles and photographs accompanying national and international copy from a wire service, the Catholic News Service. The editorial offices of "The Banner" were located in Columbia.
In 1990, Bishop David B. Thompson returned the diocesan newspaper to its historic roots, renaming it "The New Catholic Miscellany" and moving it to Charleston. 
In March 1995, "The Miscellany" staff began producing the paper in-house and printing it locally. That same year, the paper won its first national award for excellence. Bishop Thompson was presented with the prestigious Bishop John England Award by the Catholic Press Association, a group of hundreds of magazines, newspapers and newsletters. Named after the founder of the Catholic press in America and Bishop Thompson’s predecessor, the award is “for outstanding performance as a publisher.” It was presented exactly two weeks before the 175th anniversary of paper. In 2002, the word "New" was dropped from the nameplate and the paper became The Catholic Miscellany".

</doc>
<doc id="19894751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894751" title="French cruiser Pothuau">
French cruiser Pothuau

Pothuau was an armoured cruiser of the French Navy, named after French admiral and politician Louis Pierre Alexis Pothuau (1815–1882).
Service history.
In August 1914, at the beginning of World War I, "Pothuau" was serving in the Mediterranean Sea with "1st Armée Navale", and was stationed off West Africa in 1915. The ship was sent to Egypt in 1916 before being given a refit. "Pothuau " became a gunnery training ship until she was eventually replaced in this role by . "Pothuau" was decommissioned in November 1927, and broken up from 25 September 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19894764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894764" title="Ocular albinism type 1">
Ocular albinism type 1

Ocular Albinism type 1 (OA1), also called as Nettleship-Falls syndrome, is the most common type of Ocular Albinism with a prevalence rate of 1:50,000. It is an inheritable classical Mendelian type X-linked recessive disorder wherein the retinal pigment epithelium lacks pigment while hair and skin appear normal. Since it is an X-linked disorder, it occurs mostly in males, while females are carriers unless they are homozygous. About 60 missense and nonsense mutations, insertions and deletions have been identified in "Oa1". Mutations in OA1 have been linked to defective glycosylation and thus improper intracellular transportation.
Albinism.
The term "albinism" "albus" means ‘white’ refers to a heterogeneous group of congenital disorders in melanin pigment biogenesis. Pigmentation process maybe affected in one or many ways due to mutations. Abnormal pigmentation maybe at the level of embryogenesis in regions where melanocytes fail to populate. The melanin biosynthetic pathway may also be affected due to mutations. Sometimes one or many of the genes responsible for biogenesis of organelles may be mutated.
Albinism may manifest itself as oculocutaneous (OCA) or just ocular (OA). There occur at least ten different types of OCA and four types of OA. OCA refers to a group of autosomal recessive disorders in which melanin is reduced or even absent leading to pale skin with increased risk of skin cancer. OCA1 is caused due to mutations in tyrosinase gene affecting its catalytic or synthetic activity. OCA2 is a condition where "TYR" gene is not mutated but the P polypeptide is. Mutational defects in TRP-1 protein leads to OCA3.
Ocular albinism results from defects in the melanin system, which may arise from either defects in the OA1 receptor, or mutations of either the Tyr gene or P transporter.
Symptoms.
OA1 is recognized by many different symptoms. Reduced visual acuity is accompanied by involuntary movements of the eye termed as nystagmus. Astigmatism is a condition wherein there occurs significant refractive error. Moreover, ocular albino eyes become crossed, a condition called as ‘lazy eyes’ or strabismus. Since very little pigment is present the iris becomes translucent and reflects light back. It appears green to brown. However, the most important part of the eye, the fovea which is responsible for acute vision, does not develop properly, probably indicating the role of melanin in the development stages of the eye. Some patients may also develop photophobia/photodysphoria. All these symptoms are due to hypo-pigmentation of the retina. Moreover, in an ocular albino eye, nerves from back of the eye to the brain may not follow usual pattern of routing. In an ocular albino eye, more nerves cross from back of the eye to the opposite side of the brain instead of going to the both sides of the brain as in a normal eye. An ocular albino eye appears orangish pink in color with no pigmentation at all. Carrier women have regions of hypo- and hyper-pigmentation due to X-inactivation and partial iris transillumination and do not show any other symptoms exhibited by patients suffering from OA1.
Microscopic examination.
Microscopic examination of retinal pigment epithelium and skin melanocytes of patients suffering from OA1 reveal the presence of characteristic macromelanosomes, even though skin appears normal. Studies from "Oa1" knock-out mice reveal that these giant melanosomes appear due to abnormal growth of a single melanosome and not due to aggregation or fusion of many melanosomes. These melanin macroglobules are probably formed due to failure of melanosomes to separate from the ER-golgi system with the accumulation of enzymes and other secretory proteins leading to an increase organelle size. However, Incerti, "et al." contradict the above theory.
Treatment.
To date there is no treatment for ocular albinism, probably because such little is known about the receptor function and its role in pathophysiology. Though surgery for strabismus is sometimes helpful, there does not seem to be a sure remedy for it until the etiology of ocular albinism is well established. However, with the recent discovery of the ligand for this receptor and uncovering the OA1 signaling pathway, treatment of OA1 by administering L-DOPA should seem possible.
Touloukian "et al." have characterized OA1 immunologically as a melanoma/melanocyte differentiation antigen. Flow cytometry data suggests that OA1-specific T cells are all CD8+. This indicates that OA1 peptide is processed and presented on the surface of melanoma cells to be recognized by antigen-specific T cells. Moreover, recognition of OA1 by T cells induces cytokine production by the OA1-specific T cells.This means that OA1 is a potential target for melanoma vaccines.
Molecular biology of "Oa1".
Human "Oa1" gene has been identified by positional cloning as a 40kb gene mapped to Xp22.3-Xp22.2. Later, a mouse homolog of the human "Oa1" gene was also identified and cloned. It codes for a 404 amino acid long protein with up to three potential glycosylation sites. The transcript has been found to be expressing very well in retinal pigment epithelium and skin and to a much lesser extent in brain and adrenal glands.
Mutations in "Oa1" have been well characterized and studied using various techniques like southern blot analyses, single-strand conformation polymorphism and sequence analysis. Most of these mutations have been reported to be occurring in the N-terminus and few in the trans-membrane regions but very rarely in the much conserved cytoplasmic C-terminus. Populations belonging to different ethnic groups have been extensively analyzed and a database has been created recording the details of mutations related to OA1. A total of 25 missense, 2 nonsense, 9 frameshift, and 5 splicing mutations have been reported till date. In addition to these mutations, there also occur several deletions in one or many of the exons of "Oa1" gene, especially exon 2. These deletions are presumed to be because of unequal crossing-over due to the presence of flanking "Alu" regions. In some cases, the entire "Oa1" gene is deleted along with other contiguous genes. Many different polymorphisms have also been detected, mainly in intron 1.
Tissue-specific control of "Oa1" transcription is by a 617bp long E-box region bound by Mitf. Mitf has been shown to regulate expression of many melanosomal genes like TYR and TRP-1 through the E-box motif (CATGTG). Vetrini "et al." have used adenoviral vectors to study tissue-specificity of "Oa1" transcription through Mitf and observed that this regulation in conserved in human "Oa1" gene.
Structure of OA1 protein.
Human "Oa1" gene product was initially identified as a 60kDa protein formed from a 46-48kDa precursor. The OA1 disease is due to defect in the OA1 receptor. This receptor has been shown to be similar to class C G- protein coupled receptors (GPCR). OA1 receptor has a characteristic GPCR structure-7 transmembrane helices with 3 cytoplasmic loops and 3 extracellular loops and an extracellular N- terminus and cytoplasmic C-terminus. Recently the ligand activating this receptor was found. A recent computational work has provided some insight into the three-dimensional structure of this protein and its dynamic interactions with its known ligands.
Localization of the OA1 protein.
Shen, "et al." created fusion proteins between OA1 and GFP. Melanosomal localization of OA1 has been confirmed by immuno-electron microscopy and other techniques alike. Localization patterns of wild type OA1-GFP and mutated OA1-GFP were compared. The wild type OA1 localized to late endosomal or lysosomal compartments. This is supported by data from Samaraweera, "et al." that OA1 colocalizes with Lamp1, which is a marker for late endosomal compartment. Hence, OA1 might traffick itself out of this compartment to the melanosomes.
In addition to retina and melanoma, OA1 protein product was also detected in human pigment cells like melanosomal membrane glycoprotein. This suggests that OA1 might be involved in melanosome biogenesis. Coimmunoprecipitation studies of OA1 with Gβ and Gαi in melanocyte extracts revealed its specific interaction with Gαi. Moreover, since OA1 is an organellar GPCR, it may represent an unidentified pathway in the melanosome. Until recently, it was believed that the probable ligand for OA1 might be within the melanosomal lumen, maybe one of the components of the melanogenic pathway since it is so closely related to melanosome biogenesis. This has been proved now.
Studies by Samaraweera, "et al." revealed OA1 as an endolysosomal protein. Schiaffino, "et al." already proved that it is an integral membrane protein. Newton "et al." have shown that it has three probable glycosylation sites. Furthermore, OA1 was found to be stimulated by α-melanocortin stimulating hormone but inhibited by agouti signal protein. The fact that OA1 responds to melanin modifiers indicates its probable role in melanogenesis. Just like other melanosomal proteins TYR and TRP-1, processing of OA1 also occurs in the golgi. Endogenous OA1 protein expressed by normal human melanocytes is detected as a 60kDa protein.
Receptor-Ligand interactions.
Very recently the orphan OA1 receptor has been de-orphaned. Studies showed that L-DOPA is the specific ligand for the OA1 receptor. L-DOPA is a by-product of melanin biosynthetic pathway. During melanin synthesis, L-DOPA is released to the retina in the retinal pigment epithelium and is necessary for specific stages of retinal development. Activation of the OA1 receptor by L-DOPA leads to the secretion of a neurotropic factor by the retinal pigment epithelium that helps in normal retinal development.
Mutations.
The OA1 mutants were classified into two major groups based on glycosylation and localization patterns. While group I consisted of normally glycosylated OA1, group II represented aberrantly glycosylated OA1 which is indistinguishable from the wild type. However, both these studies revealed that in >60% of these mutations, the protein was retained in the ER and which is assumed to be the major cause of OA1. They also revealed that the protein levels decreased drastically, probably due to misfolding of the protein in the ER. Some of the mutations reported in second and third cytoplasmic loops (these regions are known to be critical for GPCR downstream signaling) are believed to affect transduction of the signals from OA1 via G proteins.
Functions of OA1.
Though the exact role of OA1 is yet to be confirmed, many studies give clues about the probable roles of OA1. The "Oa1" gene product might be involved in vesicular trafficking or sorting them to the melanosomes. It is also believed to be involved in redistribution of mannose-6-phosphate receptors, thus suggesting that it is important for melanogensis. Literature shows that it plays a major role in the final stages of growth and maturation of melanosomes. This conclusion is based on the fact that there are no intermediates of melanosome-melanosome fusion and the number of melanosomes decreases only on maturation of the cell and not in the initial stages of development. A number of genes in Drosophila, like the "hook" gene that alter ocular pigment granules have been shown to affect lysosomal delivery. Moreover, it has been found that in normal conditions, melanosomal proteins traffic normally to late endosomes, while in the absence of OA1, they continue to accumulate in the mature melanosomes. This may mean that OA1 acts as a stop signal for melanosomal growth.

</doc>
<doc id="19894787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894787" title="Bart Mastronardi">
Bart Mastronardi

Bart Mastronardi is an American director, screenwriter, cinematographer and producer. He resides in New York City, teaching Camera, Lighting, and Director's craft at the prestigious New York Film Academy. His debut feature "Vindication" garnered accolades from magazines such as Fangoria Magazine and awards at various international film festivals.
References.
Fangoria Magazine 'Gay of the Dead' - Bart Mastronardi's "Vindication" Part I http://www.fangoria.com/index.php/blogs/gay-of-the-dead/311-gay-of-the-dead-vindication-writerdirector-bart-mastronardi-part-one
Fangoria Magazine 'Gay of the Dead' - Bart Mastronardi's "Vindication" Part II http://www.fangoria.com/index.php/blogs/gay-of-the-dead/357-gay-of-the-dead-vindication-writerdirector-bart-mastronardi-part-two
Slant Magazine ""Birth is always painful"" http://www.slantmagazine.com/house/2009/05/birth-is-always-painful-an-interview-with-vindication-writerdirector-bart-mastronardi/
The Horror Society - Article - http://www.horrorsociety.com/2009/05/29/bart-mastronardi-interview/

</doc>
<doc id="19894798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894798" title="Justin Moore">
Justin Moore

Justin Cole Moore (born March 30, 1984) is an American country music singer and songwriter signed to Big Machine Records imprint Valory Music Group. He has released three albums for Valory: "Justin Moore" in 2009, "Outlaws Like Me" in 2011, and "Off the Beaten Path" in 2013. He has charted eight times on the Hot Country Songs charts, including the number one hits "Small Town USA", "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away", and "Til My Last Day", and the top 10 hits "Backwoods" and "Point at You".
Music career.
Moore began performing during his junior year of high school. After graduating, he joined his uncle's Southern rock band and moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 2002. He met a young producer in Nashville, Jeremy Stover, who introduced him to Scott Borchetta, an industry executive who was planning to launch The Valory Music Co. Borchetta promised to give him a record deal if he would be patient.
2008–2010.
In mid-2008, Moore signed to the Valory Music Group, an imprint of the independent record label Big Machine Records. The label then released the digital single "I Could Kick Your Ass". His first radio single, "Back That Thing Up", was co-written by his producer Jeremy Stover and Universal South Records artist Randy Houser. It reached number 38 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. He continued working on his debut album, which was part of a special promotion called "So You Want to Be a Record Label Executive". This promotion placed his music on social networking sites such as MySpace and iLike, where fans were allowed to create playlists comprising ten of his songs; the top ten songs picked were then included on the final album. His next single, "Small Town USA", entered the charts in February 2009, Tucker expresses, "which extols the virtues of down-home living, rises to No. 18 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart" (p.6). followed by a digital EP entitled "The "You Asked for It" EP".
On August 11, the label released his self-titled debut album, on which he co-wrote nine of ten tracks. "Justin Moore" debuted at No. 3 on the Top Country Albums chart. He promoted the single and album on a "Small Town USA" tour which began in his hometown of Poyen and included several stops in small towns, as well as acoustic shows at Walmart stores. On the "Billboard" charts dated for October 3, 2009, "Small Town USA" became his first Number One hit. "Backwoods" was released as the album's third single in October 2009; the song was his second Top 10 hit with a peak of No. 6 in April 2010. The album's fourth single, "How I Got to Be This Way", debuted at No. 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of June 12, 2010; it became his third Top 20 country hit.
2011–present.
In February 2011, he released the song "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away", which was originally recorded by Rhett Akins on his 2007 album "People Like Me" but did not chart. Justin Moore's rendition debuted at 46 on the Hot Country songs chart. In June 2011, the song became his third top ten hit on that chart, and a three weeks later, reached Number One. "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away" serves as the lead-off single to his 2011 album "Outlaws Like Me", released June 21, 2011. Follow-up singles "Bait a Hook" and "Til My Last Day" both made top 20; "Til My Last Day" reached Number One on the Country Airplay chart.
In December 2012, Moore announced plans to embark on a headlining tour in 2013, at the time tentatively planned to begin in March. Later in the month, he entered the studio to begin recording his third studio album. The album's first single, "Point at You," was released to country radio on March 18, 2013. It peaked at number two on the Country Airplay chart in October 2013. The album, "Off the Beaten Path", was released on September 17, 2013. The album's second single, "Lettin' the Night Roll", was released to country radio on October 21, 2013. Justin said in an interview that the song "This Kind Of Town" from Off the Beaten Path, is a response to his song "Small Town USA". These songs are about small towns and the people in them and really shows where Justin came from and can relate to everyone else who lives in small towns. 
Moore was announced as a nominee for the 2014 ACM New Artist of the Year award despite the fact that he was disqualified for entry in that category for that year. The ACMs eligibility requirements state that, "Any solo artist that has sold 500,000 copies of a previously released album (with general exclusions of specialty albums, such as seasonal or live recordings) according to Nielsen SoundScan, are not eligible for this category." Moore's first two albums, released in 2009 and 2011, have both surpassed sales of 500,000 copies. His nomination sparked controversy but no action was taken to remove his nomination.
Musical styles.
Steve Leggett of Allmusic describes him as having "a ready-made image. He was that good kid from a small town with a rowdy heart of gold who just happened to be able to sing about it." He has said that he learned to write songs because, when he had first moved to Nashville, no songwriters wanted to offer him material. His first album received mixed reviews from music critics: Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic referred to it as "anonymous country rock," and Jeffrey B. Remz of "Country Standard Time" referred to Moore as a "poseur" for name-dropping. The 9513's Karlie Justus said that his influences were comparatively more authentic than most other acts on country radio, and Matt Bjorke of Roughstock said that his music has "a heavy dose of southern, country charm and twang."
Personal life.
Justin Moore married his wife, Kate, of Houma, Louisiana, in 2007. They have two daughters, Ella Kole, born February 11, 2010, and Kennedy Faye, born November 21, 2011. He is an avid supporter of the Arkansas Razorbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19894803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894803" title="Sacopee Valley High School">
Sacopee Valley High School

Sacopee Valley High School, founded 1967, is the public school for Maine School Administration District 55 (MSAD 55). It is located in Hiram, in the U.S. state of Maine. It was built to replace Porter High School, which is now the Porter Town Hall. The school covers the towns of Hiram, Porter, Parsonsfield, Cornish, and Baldwin.
The name "Sacopee".
This High School is located in Hiram between the "Saco" and "Ossipee" rivers. This location inspired the high school to be named "Sacopee".
Athletics.
Sacopee Valley High School's athletic teams play in Class C of the Western Maine Conference. In fall, students can play football, boys' & girls' Soccer, boys' & girls' cross country, field hockey, golf, and cheerleading. In winter, students can play boys' & girls' basketball, cheerleading, and ice hockey on a club team involving Windham High School. In spring, students can participate in baseball, softball, and track.
All home games are played at SVHS, either out on the athletic fields or in the gymnasium, except for golf, which all home matches are played at Province Lake and ice hockey played at Bridgton Academy Ice Rink in Bridgton.
The Sacopee Valley Boys Track Team is one of great pride for the school, due to the numerous Class C state championships won by the team over the past 20 years. The most recent wins being in 2010 and 2012.
Notable alumni.
Eric Nickerson U.S. Navy

</doc>
<doc id="19894811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894811" title="Ronald A. DePinho">
Ronald A. DePinho

Ronald A. DePinho, M.D., president of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, is internationally recognized for basic and translational research in cancer, aging and age-associated degenerative disorders.
DePinho became president on Sept. 1, 2011. He is only the fourth full-time president in the 70-year history of MD Anderson.
Prior to joining MD Anderson, he spent 14 years at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School in Boston. There, he was founding director of the Belfer Institute for Applied Cancer Science at Dana-Farber and was a professor in the Department of Medicine (genetics) at Harvard and an American Cancer Society Research Professor. Previously, he held numerous faculty positions during 10 years at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York.
Research.
At Dana-Farber and Harvard, DePinho guided major basic-translational research programs focused on brain, colorectal, pancreatic and prostate cancers. Under his leadership, the Belfer Institute followed industry-like principles to systematically translate basic research findings into clinical endpoints. 
His scientific program has made fundamental discoveries underlying cancer in the aged and factors governing acquired and inherited degenerative disorders. He established the concept of tumor maintenance, discovered a core pathway of aging and demonstrated that aging is a reversible process. He has constructed and used refined mouse models of cancer to identify many new cancer targets and diagnostics.
Background.
DePinho was born in the Bronx, N.Y in 1955 to Celeste and Alvaro DePinho. He is the third of five children. He earned a bachelor's degree in biological sciences in 1977 from Fordham University, where he graduated summa cum laude as class salutatorian. He received his medical degree with distinction in microbiology and immunology in 1981 from Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
He completed an internship and residency in internal medicine at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, followed by postdoctoral fellowships in the Department of Cell Biology at Albert Einstein College of Medicine and in the Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.
DePinho's independent scientific career began at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, where he was the Feinberg Senior Scholar in Cancer Research. There, he established the first National Cancer Institute-supported shared transgenic and gene targeting facility, which enabled his laboratory and many other researchers to model and study the genetic basis of cancer and other complex diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="19894868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894868" title="Michael Harrington (writer)">
Michael Harrington (writer)

Michael Harrington (1916 – 1999) was a Newfoundland and Labrador educator, writer, historian and broadcaster. He served as Editor-in-Chief at The Telegram for the period 1959-1982.
Michael Harrington was born in St. John's, Newfoundland. He attended Memorial University College, where he founded the first student newspaper. He became the first graduate of Memorial University(B.A., 1951) after its elevation to a degree granting institution.
In addition to working variously in publishing, writing and broadcasting, Michael Harrington briefly entered politics. He was elected to the 1946 National Convention, and then ran for the Conservatives in the first general election held after confederation. Although he was not elected, he continued to be active in public life throughout his career, volunteering with many heritage and educational organizations in Newfoundland.
Michael Harrington was honoured with many awards, including the Order of Canada, and an honorary doctorate from Memorial University.

</doc>
<doc id="19894870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894870" title="LiveDaily">
LiveDaily

LiveDaily was a music and entertainment site owned by Ticketmaster, created in 1998 and seen in the United States, Canada, and United Kingdom. It provided news updates, tour announcements, and ticketing information relative to Ticketmaster. Its news reports were used by media entities such as MTV News and the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch". It also provided artist interviews, record and show reviews, and a music fan Internet forum. As of October 2008, livedaily.com claimed to have nearly one million visitors per month.
It also included LiveDaily Sessions, a video showcase for touring acts that especially emphasizes upcoming artists.
On May 18, 2010, LiveDaily closed their forums, a long standing staple of the site for undisclosed business reasons. On May 21, 2010, LiveDaily ceased publication, with a message on their website reading, "LiveDaily takes its final bow".
On May 24, 2010, LiveDaily's editorial team announced the launch of SoundSpike.com, a publication promising to provide similar content to LiveDaily. The forums from LiveDaily also re-opened at a new domain, AfterLD.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19894896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894896" title="Christian Friedrich Lessing">
Christian Friedrich Lessing

Christian Friedrich Lessing (10 August 1809 - 13 March 1862) was a German botanist who was a native of Groß Wartenberg, Niederschlesien. He was a brother to painter Carl Friedrich Lessing (1808-1880), and a grandnephew of poet Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (1729-1781).
Lessing was a botanical authority on the plant family Asteraceae, and in 1832 published an influential treatise on Asteraceae called "Synopsis generum Compositarum". He performed extensive botanical research in Siberia, and died in the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk in 1862. 
The plant genus "Lessingia" from the family Asteraceae is named in honor of Christian Friedrich, Karl Friedrich and Gotthold Ephraim Lessing.

</doc>
<doc id="19894912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894912" title="The Fame Game">
The Fame Game

The Fame Game was a television programme broadcast in Ireland on RTÉ Two. It ran for four seasons from 2001 and was presented by Caroline Morahan. She was selected to present the show from an open audition at the Royal Dublin Society in the reality TV series The Selection Box. After being presented with the contract to host "The Fame Game", Morahan had only two weeks to prepare for that role. The premise of the show was that starstruck celebrity-worshipping fans were sent, usually to exotic locations, to track down their idols. It was produced by Adare Productions, they had had similar success with a weekly item on their TG4 series RíRá, where the fans tried to get the celebrities to speak a cúpla focal as Gaelige (a few words in Irish).

</doc>
<doc id="19894914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894914" title="Moisés Velasco">
Moisés Velasco

Moisés Adrián Velasco Herrera (born 19 October 1989) is a Mexican football midfielder. He is currently playing for Querétaro F.C. on loan from Club Toluca, having made his debut in 2006. He appearaed for Mexico in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.he also helped his country win bronze in the 2007 panamericano games
He was born in Tijuana, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19894950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894950" title="Figure skating at the 1936 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles">
Figure skating at the 1936 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles

The ladies' individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1936 Winter Olympics. It was the sixth appearance of the event, which had previously been held twice at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 and at all three Winter Games from 1924 onward. The competition was held from Tuesday February 11, 1936 to Saturday February 15, 1936.
Twenty-six figure skaters from 13 nations competed.
Results.
Sonja Henie successfully defended her 1928 and 1932 title again; making her the most successful Olympic figure skater ever.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19894952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894952" title="R. D. College of Pharmacy">
R. D. College of Pharmacy

One of the many unaided colleges of Pharmacy in Maharashtra, Rajghad Dnyeenpeeth's College of Pharmacy is located in the town of Bhor in Pune district. It is managed by Rajghad Dnyeenpeeth foundation which was established by Anantrao Thopte. R. D. College of Pharmacy was established in 1992 starting with a 2 year diploma course in Pharmacy. A 4 year degree course was started in 1994. The fist principal of the college was Dr. Rajkumar. V. Shete. The degree college was affiliated to university of Pune in the begaining and then to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences. The fist four batches of degree seeking students from this college received their pharmacy degrees form University of Pune. Rajghad Dnyeenpeeth's College of Pharmacy is accredited by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and Pharmacy council of India a statutory body governed by the provisions of the Pharmacy Act, 1948 passed by the Indian Parliament.
Many students of this college have gone to make a career in the field of Pharmaceutical Sales and Marketing. Some of the students have migrated abroad to USA where they are working as pharmacists.
The Faculty at Rajghad Dnyeenpeeth's College of Pharmacy includes professors like S. Budhavale who has been with the school since its inception. 
The intake every year in this Pharmacy School is of 40 students for the degree course. Bhor is located 60 kilometers away from Pune. MSRTC buses run from Bhor to Swargate bus stand in Pune city every 20 minutes. It takes about 90 minutes from Bhor to Pune by bus. Situated in a picturesque location amid hills of Sahyadri range, Bhor is an ideal setting for a Pharmacy School. Even though Bhor has its rural touches, it is a really nice place to live for 4 years and do a bachelors degree.

</doc>
<doc id="19894956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894956" title="Kam Ya Zyaada">
Kam Ya Zyaada

Kam Ya Zyaada is an Indian quiz show that aired on Zee TV channel in December 2005. The series aired every Monday – Friday at 8:30 pm IST, and competed with Sony TV's "Deal Ya No Deal". An adaptation of the Danish show "Gimme Five", "Kam Ya Zyaada" has a Rs. 30 million top prize—one of the highest prizes among all the reality shows aired on Indian television networks. The prize is reduced to 3 contestants playing the second round and finally the highest money winner in the first 2 rounds plays round 3 for the Rs. 30 million jackpot. All the questions are only to be answered with either "Kam" (less) or "Zyaada" (more) – increasing the chances of winning to 50%. The series premiered on 5 December 2005, and was presented by the versatile and acclaimed actor Manoj Bajpai. 
Rules.
1st round: 'Pratham Chkra'
The round starts with 5 persons participating in the game and Manoj asking them 5 questions one at a time and they have to answer the questions in either “kam” or “zyaada”. The contestants have 60 seconds for answering each question, the moment they answer the question, their remaining time out of 60 seconds is noted down and if their answer is correct, they get (remaining time) x Rs 1000. For example, if the contestants' time is 40 seconds, then that contestant wins Rs 40,000 (40 x 1000). After the completion of the first round, the top 3 contestants' go into the second round.
2nd round: 'Dwiteeya Chkra'
The second round contains 3 remaining contestants' who win the first round, dealing with 3 questions one at a time with the bidding option. If one contestant bids a question and he answers correctly, he gets the money; if he gives wrong answer, the bid amount is deducted from his balance. Nevertheless, if the contestant is uncertain about the answer, they can pass the question (risk of losing money) on to some other contestant. The contestant with top most score moves to the third and final round.
3rd round: 'Trateeya Chkra' 
The top contestant with the highest score from round 2 plays the game in the 3rd round who has to answer 5 questions. After answering the questions, the contestant has to decide whether how many questions he/she answered correctly. Depending on the predictions of correct number of answers the prize money is given to the contestant. For example, if the contestant gives all 5 correct answers and predicts that he/she has given all 5 answers correctly, then he/she gets the prize money of “3 Crore” (30 Million).

</doc>
<doc id="19894960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894960" title="ICharts">
ICharts

iCharts is a U.S. based SaaS company providing an easy and affordable online service for interactive chart creation and social sharing. iCharts offerings range from free consumer subscriptions to high-end business subscriptions. The company’s vision is to empower the world to explore and share data by enabling the free flow of visual data among data owners, media, business and consumers.
Founded in 2008 by Seymour Duncker, Tyron Montgomery and Rajesh Setty, iCharts has become the leading chart processing, creation and distribution platform for business customers that include Fortune 500 companies and the market research firms that serve them. iCharts is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices in Munich, Germany and Pune, India.
iCharts reduces complex chart creation to a few intuitive drag'n'drop actions. The iCharts service includes a clipping capability, iCharts Studio for easy chart creation and the iCharts Gallery for storing and organizing unlimited charts.
Product Offerings.
The service includes:
iCharts API.
With the iCharts API, organizations with big public data sets can use the free API to connect their data to the iCharts Chart Creation and Distribution service. When data is updated in the database, iCharts will find the data and update the chart when online pages are refreshed wherever the charts are embedded.
In 2008, selected from more than 1,000 applicants, iCharts was selected as one of the 52 best start-ups to the industry’s most influential VCs, corporations, entrepreneurs and press at the TechCrunch50 Conference in San Francisco. The iCharts technology was launched on September 9, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19894970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894970" title="Shane Duffy (Gaelic footballer)">
Shane Duffy (Gaelic footballer)

Shane Duffy is a Gaelic football player from County Monaghan. He plays for the Magheracloone Mitchells club team and for the Monaghan senior football team. He was a very important figure in Magheracloone's capture of the Monaghan Football Championship in 2004 and in Monaghan's 2005 N.F.L. Division 2 title.
Duffy is an experienced goalkeeper, although he has not always been able to hold on to a starting place in the Monaghan team, with competition from players such as Glen Murphy.
Duffy won the 2011 All-Ireland Kick Fada Championship with a 60-metre kick into a strong headwind.

</doc>
<doc id="19894992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894992" title="No Hay Nadie Como Tú">
No Hay Nadie Como Tú

"No Hay Nadie Como Tú" () is the first single by alternative-rap band Calle 13 taken from their third studio album "Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo", released on October 7, 2008 by Sony BMG. It features Mexican alternative rock group Café Tacuba. The single is known for its mixture of different musical styles, typical of Calle 13's music. It's a blend of latin pop with rock and dance music. The song won the 2009 Latin Grammys for Record of the Year & Best Alternative Song.
Music video.
The video for "No Hay Nadie Como Tú" features Residente narrating a series of images, corresponding with what he's describing in song, from types of people to types of destruction. To date the video has received nearly 6 million views on the popular website YouTube.
Chart performance.
"No Hay Nadie Como Tú" entered on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart at #23, making it the most successful single from the album. The single was also a success on the "Billboard" "Latin Rhythm Airplay" chart, charting at #15.

</doc>
<doc id="19894999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19894999" title="Ellice River">
Ellice River

The Ellice River (Inuktitut: Kuunnuaq) is a waterway in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada. It rises close to the Back River between Beechey Lake and Pelly Lake, and flows northward into the Queen Maud Gulf. Its mouth opens between Campbell Bay and Gernon Bay. The land between the river and Sherman Inlet is generally flat and marshy. Muskox and Barren-ground caribou frequent the area. 
The river is named in honor of Edward Ellice, Jr..
Fauna.
The river is home to Arctic char. Large populations of the American Brant Goose nest on coastal islands at the river's mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19895035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895035" title="Angelo Cesselon">
Angelo Cesselon

Angelo Cesselon (February 17, 1922-September 26, 1992) was an Italian poster painter.
Biography.
Cesselon began painting at a young age, following the Venetian traditions of painting from the late 19th Century, albeit with some important modifications. After he and his family moved to Rome, Cesselon found an interest in contemporary art, attending the many art and graphic studios of the city.
Designer for film posters..
After the end of Second World War, Cesselon began his work for many cinema studios, in all steps of their design, from the initial drafts for film posters, also introducing, since 1947 his own interpretation of the "spirit of film", that privileged the depiction of only one big image, very often a portrait, instead of the usual proceeding in those years, that was to put a collection of many small images that made a brief storyboard of the film.
His very appreciated work, based upon his skills as a painter of portraits, but also because of his natural good taste and ability to catch an "identifying" and "definitive" image from the many sequences in a film, made him one of the most productive poster artists in the world. This activity as portraitist, that lasted until 1975, put him in direct contact with many of the most famous actors (like Maria Felix, Ava Gardner, Gina Lollobrigida, Marilyn Monroe, Vittorio Gassman, Totò) and film-directors of those years, and established a long collaboration with several between the most important cinematographic studios, in Europe and America.
In 1955 Angelo Cesselon received the Italian prize "Spiga Cambellotti" as the best cinematographic painter of the year.
His graphic artworks.
Angelo Cesselon was also a graphic, and he created illustrations for covers of books, magazines and long-play albums; of particular relevance for collectors is the World athlete's portrait series, all printed in color that were published in many covers of the Italian magazine "Sport nel Mondo".
Around the same periods he painted a series of covers for the magazine of "Arma dei Carabinieri" (Italian gendarmerie and military police), which usually collect and exhibit this works (usually a combination of imagine-poetry and military attitude) in their offices and bases.
Angelo Cesselon's paintings.
Angelo Cesselon was specially known for his skill and taste in the design of graphics, in illustrations for magazines and newspapers, and in posters for cinema, but we cannot forget his activity as a painter, specially of portraits.
After the winning of an international prize in 1958, his work as a portrait painter was internationally recognized, and he was called to do portraits of many famous and important personalities, including Italian President Giovanni Gronchi, Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II.
In 1975, Angelo Cesselon moved to Velletri, a town in the nearby southern hills of Rome, near Castel Gandolfo in the Castelli Romani, and continued to paint fewer works in a more relaxed mode. The last part of his life consist specially of many big portraits of saints and founders of many religious institutes, which are still exposed in churches, convents and general-houses of these institutes.
Specially praised among these paintings are those of Saints Francis of Assisi, Francis of Paola, Maximilian Kolbe, Annibale Maria di Francia, and Blessed Don Alberione.
Cesselon Archives.
During his life, the painter produced a vast amount of drafts, sketches, drawings, posters and complete and unfinished paintings, which in a good part are included in the ""Archivio Cesselon"", and are now administered directly by Cesselon's heirs.

</doc>
<doc id="19895037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895037" title="Yellow-bellied slider">
Yellow-bellied slider

The yellow-bellied slider ("Trachemys scripta scripta") is a land and water turtle belonging to the family Emydidae. This subspecies of pond slider is native to the southeastern United States, specifically from Florida to southeastern Virginia, and is the most common turtle species in its range. It is found in a wide variety of habitats, including slow-moving rivers, floodplain swamps, marshes, seasonal wetlands, and permanent ponds. Yellow-bellied sliders are popular as pets.
Description.
Adult male yellow-bellied sliders typically reach in length; females range from . The carapace (upper shell) is typically brown and black, often with yellow stripes. The skin is olive green with prominent patches of yellow down the neck and legs. As the name implies, the plastron (bottom shell) is mostly yellow with black spots along the edges. Adult males tend to grow darker as they age. Yellow-bellied sliders are often confused with Eastern River Cooters, who also have yellow stripes on the neck and yellow undersides, but the latter lack the green spots characteristic of "T. scripta scripta." The yellow belly often has an "s"-shaped yellow stripe on its face.
Mating can occur in spring, summer, and autumn. Yellow-bellied sliders are capable of interbreeding with other "T. scripta" subspecies, such as red-eared sliders, which are commonly sold as pets. The release of non-native red-eared sliders into local environments caused the state of Florida to ban the sale of red-eared sliders in order to protect the native population of yellow-bellied sliders.
Mating takes place in the water. Suitable terrestrial area is required for egg-laying by nesting females, who will normally lay 6–10 eggs at a time, with larger females capable of bearing more. The eggs incubate for 2–3 months and the hatchlings will usually stay with the nest through winter. Hatchlings are almost entirely carnivorous, feeding on insects, spiders, crustaceans, tadpoles, fish, and carrion. As they age, adults eat less and less meat, and up to 95% of their nutritional intake eventually comes from plants.
The slider is considered a diurnal turtle; it feeds mainly in the morning and frequently basks on shore, on logs, or while floating, during the rest of the day. At night, it sleeps on the bottom or on the surface near brush piles. Highest densities of sliders occur where algae blooms and aquatic macrophytes are abundant and are of the type that form dense mats at the surface, such as "Myriophyllum spicatum" and lily pads (Nymphaeaceae). Dense surface vegetation provides cover from predators and supports high densities of aquatic invertebrates and small vertebrates, which offer better foraging than open water.
The lifespan of yellow-bellied sliders is over 30 years in the wild, and over 40 years in captivity.
Housing.
Baby yellow-bellied sliders may be kept in a fairly small tank, but as they age, after about three years,they will require much more space. One or two adults may be housed in a (or larger) aquarium. The turtles require enough water to turn around, with a depth of recommended. Water temperature should be kept between 72–80°F (22–27°C) and properly filtered. Keeping fish with turtles is usually avoided due to the risky nature of a turtle to eat the fish. Sliders need a basking area that is kept warm during the day and that will allow the turtle to move around, balance, and dry off completely. This area should average 89–95°F (32–35°C) and can be heated with a UV-A heat lamp. A second lamp that produces UV-B is absolutely essential for the turtle to metabolize calcium properly. Direct, unfiltered sunlight is preferable. The lamps should be switched on during daylight hours. Turtle tanks can be purchased at many pet goods retailers. For no reason should yellow bellied slider turtles be put in an aquarium with other turtles, due to the risk of injury resulting from territorial dispute.
Diet.
Pond plants such as elodea and cabomba can be left in the water, while human-consumed vegetables such as romaine lettuce, escarole and collard greens must be changed daily. As sliders are omnivores, insects and freshly killed fish may also be provided for protein. Commercially processed animal-based reptile food may be given too, but any leftovers should be immediately removed to prevent fouling the water.

</doc>
<doc id="19895053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895053" title="Wilhelmplatz">
Wilhelmplatz

Wilhelmplatz is a former square in the Mitte district of Berlin, Germany at the corner of Wilhelmstrasse and Voßstraße. The square also gave its name to a Berlin U-Bahn station which has since been renamed Mohrenstraße. A number of notable buildings were constructed around the square, including the old Reich Chancellery (former Palais Schulenburg), the building of the Ministry of Finance and the "Kaiserhof" grand hotel built in 1875. 
The square was originally laid out from 1721 in the course of the Friedrichstadt extension and obtained the name Wilhelmplatz in 1749, after King Frederick William I of Prussia. The first building erected was the Ordenspalais from 1737, situated at the northern side, serving as the seat of the Order of Saint John "(Johanniterorden)". Across the Wilhelmstraße on the western side the "Palais Schulenburg" was built in 1739. After the end of the Seven Years' War the square from 1769 was furnished with marble statues of the commanders Kurt Christoph Graf von Schwerin, Hans Karl von Winterfeldt, Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz (by Jean-Pierre-Antoine Tassaert, 1781), James Francis Edward Keith and Hans Joachim von Zieten (by Johann Gottfried Schadow). In 1857 the statues were replaced with bronze copies made by August Kiss, the originals can be seen at the Bode Museum.
In 1796 Prince Antoni Radziwiłł had acquired the "Palais Schulenburg", it was seized by troops of the French Empire in 1806 and temporarily served as the seat of Napoleon's townmajor. Radziwiłł held a famous salon here and, as a passionate admirer of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, on May 24, 1820 made his home the site of one of the first performances of "". After their wedding in 1811 Achim and Bettina von Arnim until 1814 lived at the neighbouring "Palais Voss". From 1826 the Wilhelmplatz was redesigned by Karl Friedrich Schinkel, who also added Schadow's statue of Prince Leopold I of Anhalt-Dessau, while the Ordenspalais was rebuilt in a Neoclassical style by Friedrich August Stüler as the residence of Prince Charles of Prussia. 
In 1869 the Kingdom of Prussia purchased Prince Radziwiłł's palais on initiative of Otto von Bismarck. The building was refinanced with the war reparations paid by the French Third Republic after the Franco-Prussian War and inaugurated as the chancellery of the new German Empire with the 1878 Berlin Congress.
During the Nazi era, the Ordenspalais became the seat of the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda and Adolf Hitler commissioned Albert Speer to construct the new Reich Chancellery across the square. Buildings around the square were all heavily damaged by bombings in World War II and were destroyed. On 18 August 1950 Wilhelmplatz was renamed by East Berlin authorities as Thälmannplatz, for Ernst Thälmann. In the 1980s, apartment complexes were built over the square.

</doc>
<doc id="19895065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895065" title="Debut-Quadrille">
Debut-Quadrille

Debut-Quadrille, Op. 2, is the name of a quadrille composed by Johann Strauss II. It was one of four compositions that Strauss had written for his as a composer at the Dommayer's Casino in Hietzing, Vienna in the fall of 1844. The composition is in standard Viennese quadrille form, with six sections, named: No. 1 Pantalon; No. 2 Été; No. 3 Poule; No. 4 Trénis; No. 5 Pastourelle; No. 6 Finale.

</doc>
<doc id="19895083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895083" title="Blues, Rags and Hollers">
Blues, Rags and Hollers

Blues, Rags and Hollers is the first album by the American country blues trio Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1963.
History.
The first album of the country blues trio from Minneapolis, Minnesota, had Tony "Little Sun" Glover on harmonica, "Spider" John Koerner on guitar and vocals, and Dave "Snaker" Ray on guitar and vocals. Koerner, Ray & Glover were part of the early folk/blues explosion in the 1960s. In his piece for "No Depression" magazine, author Joel Roberts stated "Like Bob Dylan, their Minnesota pal and fellow early ’60s folk-blues enthusiast, they combined a deep knowledge of the blues idiom with a sense of humor and irreverence that was absent from the work of many of their much-too-serious contemporaries."
Speaking of the trio's experience playing the music of Lead Belly, Blind Lemon Jefferson and other black blues musicians, Koerner later related, "I don’t understand the psychology of it, but somehow we decided to imitate these guys down to the note. And we decided to go out and drink and party, and chase women just like they did in the songs and all kind of shit. And when I look at it now, it seems weird to tell you the truth."
Despite recording, performing and being billed as a trio, the three play together only on the opening track, "Linin' Track". The other tracks are either solo performances by Koerner or Ray and two duets by Ray and Glover and one by Koerner and Glover.
"Blues, Rags and Hollers" was recorded in Milwaukee during a one-day session.
Originally released on the Audiophile label with a pressing of 300 copies, "Blues, Rags and Hollers" was quickly reissued by Elektra Records in 1963 without "Ted Mack Rag", "Too Bad", "Dust My Broom" and "Mumblin' Blues". These tracks were restored when Red House digitally remastered and reissued the album in 1995. It was also reissued by WEA International along with "Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers" in 2004. Koerner, Ray & Glover recorded two more albums for Elektra.
In 2008, Koerner, Ray & Glover were inducted into the Minnesota Blues Hall of Fame under the category Blues Recordings for "Blues, Rags and Hollers".
Reception.
Allmusic critic William Ruhlmann called it "one of the defining albums of the folk revival. were the quintessential young, white collegiate folk-blues enthusiasts from the North striving to play the traditional music as if they were old, black, uneducated musicians from the South. The thing was, they succeeded, not only in re-creating the sound... but also in writing their own original songs that sounded authentic." Reviewing the 2004 reissue, Steve Leggett wrote "In retrospect, Koerner, Ray & Glover got it exactly right, approaching their traditional material with a perfect mixture of reverence and fun, resulting in a kind of front-porch acoustic blues that still sounds pretty fresh all these years later." Thom Owens reviewed the Red House Records reissue and called it "a strong, catchy album that nevertheless sounds closer to folkies than the typical British blues record."
While discussing Elektra Records in his biography of Jim Morrison, author Stephen Davis noted that the signing of Koerner, Ray & Glover "gave Elektra considerable street cred" and described the album as "the coolest, hardest-rocking record of the whole folk revival."

</doc>
<doc id="19895099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895099" title="GSSHA">
GSSHA

GSSHA (Gridded Surface/Subsurface Hydrologic Analysis) is a two-dimensional, physically based watershed model developed by the Engineer Research and Development Center of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It simulates surface water and groundwater hydrology, erosion and sediment transport. The GSSHA model is used for hydraulic engineering and research, and is on the FEMA list of hydrologic models accepted for use in the national flood insurance program for flood hydrograph estimation. Input is best prepared by the Watershed Modeling System interface, which effectively links the model with geographic information systems (GIS).
GSSHA uses a square-grid, constant grid-size representation of watershed topography and characteristics, similar to a digital elevation model representation. Relevant model parameters are assigned to the model grids using index maps. Index maps are often derived from soils, landuse/land cover, vegetation, or other physiographic maps.
History.
The GSSHA model was derived from the CASC2D hydrologic model. GSSHA represents a significant improvement on CASC2D in terms of capabilities, options, and numerical procedures. GSSHA includes dynamic time-stepping depending on stability criteria, different time steps for different numerical processes, and the ability to run on multi-processor computers. Processes included in GSSHA include surface and ground water flow, channel hydraulics, evapotranspiration, erosion and sedimentation, storm drainage networks, tile drains, a variety of hydraulic structures, and contaminant/nutrient fate and transport.
Formulation.
GSSHA uses a regular square grid computational discretization of the watershed. Elevation data are taken from a digital elevation model.
GSSHA uses a vector channel representation. This allows feature allows channels to flow in any direction and meander, independent from the grid resolution; this feature accurately preserves channel length and slope.
The GSSHA model was developed from the outset to be capable of 'long term' simulations consisting of multiple events. As such, required inputs include meteorological variables, and surface energy-balance parameters. Seasonality in evapotranspiration parameters is included in the model.
Overland and channel flow hydraulics are based on explicit, finite-volume, diffusive wave schemes. The overland and channel flow routines use dynamic time stepping to improve model stability and decrease simulation times.
Surface and subsurface stores are linked though the vadose zone using a number of different optional numerical methods. A two-dimensional finite-difference groundwater solver is coupled to streams through a stream bed conductance layer.
There are a number of optional methods to calculate erosion and sediment transport. The model can be used to simulate transport of sediments with specific gravity different from sand.
Specific Process Simulation Options.
Current additions to the GSSHA model include source/sink/transport of nutrients and contaminants.
Computational Specifics.
GSSHA is programmed in C++, and runs on Windows or Linux computers. The model is command line driven and can be used in a batch mode. Parallel computing is enabled at present using the MPI or the OpenMP approach. Work is underway to port the code to run on massively parallel distributed memory architecture machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19895110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895110" title="Wilfred Hinton">
Wilfred Hinton

Wilfred John Hinton (7 November 1887 – 20 June 1949) was an economist and expert on international relations. He was a professor of the University of Hong Kong and thereafter was the Director of Studies for the Institute of Bankers from 1929 until his death.
Life.
Hinton was educated at Howard Gardens School in Cardiff, the University of Wales and Jesus College, Oxford. In 1912, he was appointed the registrar of the University of Hong Kong, remaining there until 1929 and becoming Professor of Political Economy, Dean and a member of the Court and Council. He was also acting Commercial Commissioner in Siberia, dealing with economic relief and currency reform, for a period in 1919. He was part of the British delegation to the Institute of Pacific Relations conferences in Honolulu and elsewhere, carrying out research thereafter for the Institute on the government and economy of Malaya. In 1929, Hinton was appointed Director of Studies for the Institute of Bankers, having developed a reputation as an economist and expert in international affairs of the Far East. He travelled frequently to the United States, lecturing at universities and receiving an honorary doctorate from the University of Maine in 1943. He was seconded to the Ministry of Information in 1940, and worked in New York from 1942 to 1945 as a director of the British Information Services. In 1945, he returned to the Institute of Bankers, directing an international summer school in Oxford in 1948 that was attended by individuals from 30 countries. He died on 20 June 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19895127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895127" title="Down's Syndrome Scotland">
Down's Syndrome Scotland

Down's Syndrome Scotland works to improve the quality of life for everyone with Down's syndrome. Members include people with Down's syndrome, families and professionals. The charity provides information, support and advice. Down's Syndrome Scotland is a registered charity: Charity No. SC011012.
Services.
Down's Syndrome Scotland provides information, and publishes leaflets and other publications. It has six local branches where people work with teachers, doctors, and other professionals. They also host events, workshops, and training.

</doc>
<doc id="19895129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895129" title="Andrew Glassman">
Andrew Glassman

Andrew Glassman is an American television producer who has created TV programs throughout the world.
Glassman founded Glassman Media in 2001, which is an independent Los Angeles-based international television production company whose credits include network primetime dating, competition, and self-improvement, competition, and game formats.
Andrew Glassman’s credits include NBC’s hot Average Joe (TV series), whose first season finale attracted more than 25 million viewers ranking it as the second highest rated reality telecast in NBC network history: the critically acclaimed “Three Wishes” (NBC) which was named the “most family friendly show on broadcast television”; “The Ex-Wives Club” (ABC), “National Bingo Night” (ABC) which drive 25 million bingo card downloads and catapulted ABC.com to #1 among broadcast network websites, “Bingo America” (GSN), "Momma's Boys" (NBC).
Early career.
Andrew Glassman started his career as an Emmy Award- winning investigative broadcast journalist during which he appeared on-air at NBC News, CNBC, MSNBC, WCAU, and WNBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19895141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895141" title="Amy Vedder">
Amy Vedder

Amy Vedder (born 1951) is an ecologist and primatologist, known especially for her conservation work with mountain gorillas. She was the Class of 1969 valedictorian at Canajoharie High School, Canajoharie, NY, and a 1973 graduate of Swarthmore College in Swarthmore, PA (20 miles west of Philadelphia).
Vedder worked in Africa for the Peace Corps from 1973 to 1975. In 1978 she arrived in Rwanda with her husband, William Weber, to study gorillas at Karisoke, the research station run by Dian Fossey. 
After getting a doctorate at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1989, she became Biodiversity Coordinator for the Wildlife Conservation Society, and then later director of the conservation of the WCS's Africa Program.
One of Vedder's major contributions was to implement the Mountain Gorilla Project, which sought to involve local Rwandans and use ecotourism to help conserve the gorillas.
Vedder has two sons, Noah and Ethan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19895150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895150" title="Discordia (disambiguation)">
Discordia (disambiguation)

Discordia is the Latin name of Eris, the Greek goddess of strife. 
It may also refer to:
It also appears in:

</doc>
<doc id="19895153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895153" title="Norma Wilson">
Norma Wilson

Norma Wilson (11 December 1909 – 10 July 2000) was a New Zealand athlete who represented New Zealand at the 1928 Summer Olympics at London. 
She was a sprinter, and reached third in the semifinal in the 100m race. She told the “stuffed shirt” officials when she returned that New Zealand needed a cinder track. She also refused to run in a Basin Reserve appearance unless she could wear shorts, and "in no time, all the girls were wearing shorts". 
She married Ted Morgan, a New Zealand boxer at the same Olympics, in 1933 but later divorced him. She then married Rangi Marsh, a jockey and lived in Hastings. 

</doc>
<doc id="19895155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895155" title="Aled Owen Roberts">
Aled Owen Roberts

Aled Owen Roberts (17 July 1889 – 25 August 1949) was a Welsh Liberal, later Liberal National and finally Conservative politician, soldier and businessman.
Family and Education.
Roberts was born in Liverpool the eldest son of Robert Roberts, of that city. He was educated at Liverpool College. He married Ione Ruth Irwin from Stone, Staffordshire. They had two sons. Mrs Roberts died in 1940.
Soldier.
During the First World War, Roberts served in the army. He achieved the rank of Captain in the Royal Welch Fusiliers in 1915 and served abroad from 1916 to 1919. During the Second World War, Roberts served as a Lieutenant-Colonel in the Home Guard after 1941.
Business.
Roberts was a prominent figure in the business life of Liverpool. His main interests were in insurance. He was an insurance broker in his own firm, Aled O Roberts & Co. and an underwriter. He was a director in the firms of Morris & Jones Ltd, Provincial Insurance Co. Ltd, Monument Insurance Co Ltd and the Clarence Building Society.
Politics.
In politics, Roberts started life as a Liberal. He unsuccessfully contested Liverpool East Toxteth at a by-election in 1929 and was also the candidate in that seat at the 1929 general election. He did enter Parliament for Wrexham at the 1931 general election as a Liberal in support of the National Government of Ramsay Macdonald and with the agreement of the local Conservatives. He later left the government side to go into opposition with the Liberal group led by Sir Herbert Samuel but his position in Wrexham depended on Tory support and his local party tried to steer him in the direction of the Liberal Nationals. Although he had no Tory opponent at the 1935 general election the Chairman of the local Conservative Association apparently urged his supporters to abstain rather than vote for Roberts, who stood as a Liberal rather than Liberal National and the seat went Labour by a majority of over 5,000 votes. He was elected to Liverpool City Council in 1936 and served until the time of his death. He was also a member of the Merseyside and North Wales Electricity Board, Chairman of the Licensing Committee and a Justice of the Peace.
Liberal National and Conservative.
Although he had failed to join the Liberal Nationals when it might have helped him hold his Wrexham seat before 1935, he did join later and in 1943 tried to secure the nomination to be the Liberal National candidate for the by-election at Eddisbury in 1943. In 1945, while he was still deputy leader of the Liberal group on Liverpool City Council he joined the Conservatives. He was selected to stand as Tory candidate for Liverpool, Kirkdale at the 1945 general election but lost to Labour.
Welsh heritage.
Although he was born in Liverpool, Roberts always regarded himself as Welsh, as his army and political connections demonstrated. He managed Fire, Pensions and other insurance for the Presbyterian Church of Wales, was a keen supporter of the Eisteddfod and a member of the Council of the Liverpool Welsh National Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19895244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895244" title="Shock of Daylight">
Shock of Daylight

Shock of Daylight is an EP by English post-punk band The Sound, released in 1984 through Statik Records. The EP was seen by critics as a comeback for the band, after the band's critically and commercially disappointing previous album, 1982's "All Fall Down"
Background.
"Shock of Daylight" was recorded in studio 3 of Townhouse Studios, except for "Winter", which was recorded at Elephant Studio in London and a studio only referred to as "Crow".
"Sounds" described the album's style as "If "All Fall Down" chipped away at the gothic walls of "From the Lions Mouth", "Shock of Daylight" nails down the carpet, but nervously pulls open the curtains."
Release.
"Shock of Daylight" was released in 1984 through record label Statik Records.
"Counting the Days" was released as a single in the UK. "Golden Soldiers" was released as a single in the same year in Spain only.
Critical reception.
"Shock of Daylight" was well-received by critics. "The Big Takeover" described it as "a triumphant comeback for Sound, a nice return from the interesting but obviously non-comercial "All Fall Down", an LP whose lack of salibility effectively got 'em booted from Korova/Warners, and this first release on Static ["sic"] is a reminder of why they're such a great band". "Melody Maker" described the EP as "probably the most fearlessly outgoing music The Sound have produced since "Jeopardy"".

</doc>
<doc id="19895306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895306" title="Discordia (film)">
Discordia (film)

Discordia (2002) is a feature documentary film directed by Ben Addelman and Samir Mallal. Produced by the National Film Board of Canada, it chronicles life of three students during the aftermath of the Netanyahu Incident at Concordia University in Montreal in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19895316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895316" title="Boomj.com">
Boomj.com

Boomj is a social networking site targeted at those born between 1946 and 1965, commonly referred to as "Baby Boomers". In 2007, BOOMj merged with Time Lending California, a real estate company. 

</doc>
<doc id="19895333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895333" title="Aziz Tafer">
Aziz Tafer

Aziz Tafer (born June 17, 1984 in Nice, France) is a French-Algerian footballer. He currently plays for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue 1, the manager of the team is Roger Lemerre.

</doc>
<doc id="19895336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895336" title="Julius Podlipny">
Julius Podlipny

Julius or Iulius Podlipny (most common renditions of the ; ; Hungarian: "Podlipny Gyula"; Romanian: "Iuliu Podlipny"; April 12, 1898–1991) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Czechoslovak and Romanian artist, best known for his work in drawing and his long period as teacher at the Art Lyceum in Timişoara. First acknowledged as a promoter of modern art during the interwar period, Podlipny was a contributor to the avant-garde and socialist magazine "Ma", edited by Hungarian critic and promoter Lajos Kassák.
Having adopted a style which echoed Expressionism, he influenced Romanian art mainly as a pedagogue: among the critically acclaimed contemporary painters to have been inspired by his views is Ştefan Câlţia. Podlipny's widow, Annemarie Podlipny-Hehn, is an art and literary critic. Part of her research is dedicated to her husband's artistic contributions.
Biography.
Of Slovak origin, but also honored in the context of Czech culture, Podlipny was born in Pressburg, Austria-Hungary (today Bratislava, Slovakia). His childhood was marked by two train accident: one, at age six, during which he lost his right arm; the other, occurring three years later, killed his father. With his mother Renata and his eight siblings, he wandered through Central Europe, moving between Pressburg and Budapest.
Like many in the avant-garde environment, Podlipny began flirting with socialism, and played some part in the European revolutions of the 1910s. As historian Victor Neumann writes, "his political orientation had been left-wing, and it sometimes slid into the far left". Art critic Pavel Şuşară completes the image: young Podlipny was "moved by the suffering of others, fascinated by risk and hunted by police".
During the early 1920s, Podlipny studied at the Hungarian Art Academy, which saw him joining the Central European modern art movement. He made his first visits to the Romanian Kingdom, having earned scholarships to attend the Baia Mare School. In 1926, he made Timişoara his permanent residence.
In Timişoara, where he taught draftsmanship, Podlipny led the Free School of Painting before joining the teaching staff at the Decorative Art School (later restructured as the Art Lyceum). During the following period, he was associated with Hungarian-language avant-garde magazine "Ma", published in Vienna by the socialist artist Kassák. Literary critics Cornel Ungureanu and Paul Cernat note that the links created between "Ma" and the Bucharest-based magazine "Contimporanul", centered on the friendship between their two editors (Kassák and Ion Vinea), may also have involved a loose group of Timişoarans. Alongside Podlipny, they were ethnic Romanian politico Aurel Buteanu and German poet and anarchist activist Robert Reiter, together with the Hungarian writers Rodion Markovits and Károly Endre.
At the time, Podlipny's art was a sample of Romanian Expressionism, focusing especially on depicting images of suffering, marginality and despair, including portraits of the physically disabled, or landscapes seemingly painted in absolute solitude. Writing in 1931, critic G. Stoienescu sampled two of Podlipny's characteristic subjects: a group of "crippled pilgrims", "obsessed by a vision", huddled in front of their "tin Christ"; and "a traveler and his gentle beasts of burden", going about their business inside "an unreal world."
During World War II, while still residing in Romania, Podlipny elected to become a national of the Slovak Republic. He represented that short-lived state at a 1942 propaganda exhibit, attended by officials of the Ion Antonescu regime, where he exhibited charcoal drawings landscapes and rural scenes. He was still in Timişoara when Romania left the Axis Powers and Slovakia disappeared. A visitor of his 1946 exhibit noted: "With his only arm, the left one, Iuliu Podlipny has produced haunting graphics, where shadows fraternize with the light, and destiny with man and with God." 
After the establishment of the Romanian communist regime, and especially in the 1960s and '70s, Julius Podlipny focused on his work as an educator, helping to create a distinct and critically acclaimed artistic trend among Banat youth, and creating a bridge between early modern art and postwar tendencies. In the 1950s, he married Annemarie Hehn. The daughter of middle-class Swabian parents, she had been a displaced person during the final stage of the war, before being employed as an art historian for the Banat Museum. An amateur artist herself, she met her future husband through her two sisters, who took lessons in drawing from Podlipny. In 2008, she recalled: "following my marriage and through my work at the Banat Museum art section, I 'submerged' myself in the field of fine arts, and thus I could more easily bear the communist dictatorship." One of her two sisters, Ilse Hehn-Guzun, also became a noted artist.
Podlipny contributed significantly to the artistic development of his students. According to Neumann: "He was [...] a person with formative knowledge, some of the best-received Romanian artists being indebted to his school." The latter category, Neumann indicates, was primarily illustrated by Ştefan Câlţia. Podlipny was also the teacher of Roman Cotoşman, Paul Neagu, Dietrich Sayler, Traian Brădean and Constantin Flondor.
Several texts by Annemarie Podlipny-Hehn, including a monograph, deal with her husband's work and its context. Discussing these writings, Cornel Ungureanu writes: "To understand the Austro-Hungarian empire with its left-wing movements, to understand the crepuscular art of Central Europe, Mrs. Podlipny shows, is impossible unless we carefully follow the evolution of esteemed Timoşoarans, among whom the most important one in her studies is still Julius Podlipny." In 1998, Podlipny was posthumously granted the title of honorary citizen of Timişoara. A street in the city was renamed in his honor.
Style and influence.
Podlipny's style was developed under the influence of Central European currents. Writer Livius Ciocârlie, who was active on Timişoara's cultural scene at the same time as Cotoşman, and who was an acquaintance of Podlipny, describes the latter as "an interesting Expressionist". According to Şuşară, Podlipny remains one of Romania's "most fascinating", a "typical" character of "Mitteleuropa", with "baroque dichotomies" and "Expressionistic paroxysm". Adrian Maniu, the Expressionist poet and art chronicler, paid likened Podlipny to the great painters of "cursed spells", who moved freely between "genius and insanity". 
Podlipny's approach to art and his views on life had a sizable impact on his pupils' careers. In particular, Neumann writes, the artist made himself known for imposing discipline, and for familiarizing young artists with mixed media techniques. Ştefan Câlţia credits Podlipny and Corneliu Baba with having instilled in him a "respect for school" that replaced his initial "rather nonconformist" approach to art training. He also recalled Podlipny telling his students that "the most important thing we have been given is the total freedom of expression." Constantin Flondor, who was Podlipny's student between 1950 and 1954, remembers being influenced by his "simple, clear and unshakable" pronouncements on artistic matters, such as: "Art requires an abandonment, a self-sacrifice. Taking your place in front of a sheet or a canvass which promises the meeting between a piece of vine charcoal or a brush and the white surface is a moment charged with the thrills of genesis. Nothing and no one has the right to disturb one who is in the sacred moment of labor." Livius Ciocârlie also notes that, although Podlipny "spoke a very corrupted form of Romanian [...], any phrase he had uttered became memorable."
Ciocârlie, who describes Podlipny as "one-armed, nervous, intransigent, sarcastic", recounts the artist's contempt for painting as opposed to drawing and graphics: "to him, colorists were a finical bunch lacking in energy, incapable of tracing a single line." According to Şuşară, Podlipny and Baba had a common trait, in that they saw drawing as "fundamental". Podlipny had a rather tense relationship with Cotoşman, who, in 1966, created the nucleus for an underground avant-garde platform, "Grupul Sigma". Neumann notes that this might not have been a singular situation, and that Podlipny may have likely been seen as "too demanding" by several other of his pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="19895341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895341" title="Elihu B. Hayes">
Elihu B. Hayes

Elihu Burritt Hayes (April 26, 1848 – April 1, 1903) was an American shoe manufacturer, newspaperman, and politician, who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, representing the 18th Essex District, and as the 25th Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.
Early life.
Hayes was born in West Lebanon, Maine on April 26, 1848, and moved to Lynn, Massachusetts in 1865.
Family life.
In 1873 Hayes married Amy A. Farnum of Lynn, They had one child, Eugene.
Business career.
Hayes worked in the shoe industry until 1872. After he left the shoe industry, Hayes went into the newspaper business. Hayes took over ownership of "The Lynn Bee". In 1885 Hayes took over "The Boston Advertiser".
Introduction of the secret ballot in Massachusetts.
In 1888, while in the Massachusetts Legislature, Hayes introduced the first bill in the United States to adopt the Australian style ballot system, initiating the successful movement for the adoption of the Secret ballot in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19895353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895353" title="Pedro de Candia">
Pedro de Candia

Pedro de Candia, Grandee of Spain, (1485- + 1542) was a Greek Conquistador and explorer. Born on the island of Crete that was also called "Candia" in some European languages. He was killed in the Battle of Chupas, (Peru), on September 16 + 1542, Spanish Conquistador, Grandee of Spain, "Almirant of the Spanish Armada of the Southern Seas", author and travel writer, recorded the Spanish conquest of the Americas.<br>
Eventually the Queen of Spain named Don Pedro de Candia, 2nd Alcalde of Cuzco at the Kingdom of Peru of the Spanish Catholic Crown, from 1534 to 1535.
Origin.
He was born on the island of Crete, which then was a Venetian colony known as the Kingdom of Candia. He left the island through one of his mother's relatives at the service of the Crown of Aragon, who took him to Italy. During his period in Italy he was training to become a Condottieri and trained in the Arms, before transferring to the Iberian peninsula to serve the Spanish Catholic Queen and King.
Pedro was eventually married at Villalpando, by nobiliary arrangement to one of the daughters of the Count of Benavente, Zamora of the Dukedom of the House of Osuna. His descendent were part of the Spanish and Italian nobility with holdings in regions of Europe and eventually additional new lands in the Americas during the colonization.
Career.
Spanish Conquistador specialized in the use of firearms and artillery, then to become Don Pedro de Candia "Grande of Spain" and "Almirant of the Spanish Armada of the Southern Seas" (Sp: "Don Pedro de Candia, Almirante de los Mares del Sur") as recorded in the Spanish Colonial Registry of the "El Libro de Indias". He participated in the conquest of Peru and led an unsuccessful expedition to discover the rumored Kingdom of Amabaya, an El Dorado in the Amazon Basin. He was one of the Great 13th (Sp: Los 13 Grandes) of the conquest of South America; consequently he participated in the civil war in Chile and eventually was killed in Peru in the Battle of Chupas by Diego de Almagro II who suspected him of treachery. He had served in the Spanish royal guard, and fought in Italy against the Turks, and afterward went to America with Governor Pedro de los Ríos. He then accompanied Diego de Almagro and Francisco Pizarro during their first explorations along the coasts of Peru, and when the landing at Tacamez, north of Guayaquil, was effected, he already had command of the artillery. He was one of the thirteen men that remained in the islands of Gallo and Gorgona or San Cristobal with Pizarro, and during the subsequent explorations of the Peruvian ports he undertook to go in person to the Indian towns and investigate their condition.<br>
He then visited Tumbez (afterward called Valencia), and returned to the fleet with a map of that city drawn on canvas. When he accompanied Pizarro to Spain to inform Charles V. of their discoveries, the emperor made Candia a nobleman, mayor of Tumbez, and commander-in-chief of artillery of the fleet sent out to conquer Peru.
He was present at the defeat and imprisonment of Atahualpa, and received a large share of the ransom paid by that Inca. While residing at Cuzco, he made arms and ammunition for Pizarro, who was then fighting against Almagro. After the defeat of Almagro at Battle of Las Salinas, Candia undertook the conquest of Ambaya beyond the Andes, but was unsuccessful, being finally arrested by order of Hernando Pizarro. Disgusted at his treatment, and deserted by his old friends, he then joined the followers of Almagro and, with the aid of sixteen other Greeks, cast the guns that were taken by young Almagro to the battle of Chupas, where Candia had decided to support the local natives and badly performed in the battle that Almagro suspected treason and ordered to be killed after attacking him with his own hands.

</doc>
<doc id="19895361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895361" title="Dustin Risdon">
Dustin Risdon

Dustin Risdon (born April 30, 1981) is a Canadian professional golfer. He joined the Canadian Professional Golf Tour in 2002 which has resulted in three Canadian wins.
Risdon was born in Strathmore, Alberta, Canada. He won both the Canadian Junior and Juvenile Championships in 1997. He was the Alberta Junior champion in 1998 and 1999.
Risdon won the 2008 ATB Financial Classic in his hometown of Calgary in a playoff over George Bradford. He shot 62 in the second round on his way to the title. Risdon finished T-2nd at the Players Cup, T-4th at the Stockton Sports Commission Classic, T-10 at the Saskatchewan Open. Broke through in 2007 by capturing the Telus Edmonton Open to win by a stroke over Alan McLean. Set a course record 63 in second round on his way to the title. Risdon finished T-3rd at the Free Press Manitoba Classic, T-7th at the Desjardins Montreal Open. Risdon missed just one cut all season. He advanced to second stage of 2007 PGA Tour Q-School ending the 2006 season 29th on the Order of Merit and made 9 of 12 cuts with a pair of top-tens. Risdon also finished T-6th at Diablo Grande California Classic and Times Colonist Open and retained the non-exempt status for 2006 with 93rd finish on 2005 Order of Merit.
Risdon won the 2010 ATB Financial Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19895414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895414" title="Poser, British Columbia">
Poser, British Columbia

Poser is a railway point of the Canadian National Railway west of McBride, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19895430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895430" title="Green Mountain Glades">
Green Mountain Glades

The Green Mountain Glades were a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the Eastern Junior Hockey League's North Division from 2000-2012, before relocating to Portland, Maine to become the Portland Jr. Pirates. 
Overview.
The team played its home games at Cairns Arena, a 600-seat arena in the suburb of South Burlington, Vermont, as well as the 4,003-seat Gutterson Fieldhouse on the campus of the University of Vermont on certain occasions.
The Green Mountain Glades organization also fielded a team in the Empire Junior B Hockey League as well as youth hockey select teams at the Bantam, Peewee, and Squirt levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19895470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895470" title="Dublin Wolves">
Dublin Wolves

Introduction.
The Dublin Wolves are an amateur ice hockey team based in The Republic of Ireland. Thart have played in the Irish Ice Hockey League (IIHL), as well as contributing "B-Teams" to compete in the Irish Ice Hockey Association's Development Division (IIHADD). They initially played their home games at the Dundalk Ice Dome in Dundalk, Ireland, but have since played out of various facilities in both Dublin and Belfast.
Ever since their inception, the club has worked to maintain ties to the medical community, often sporting a strong contingent of physicians and medical students from several Dublin universities on the roster. However, the club membership includes a very diverse group of many ages, professions, and nationalities.
Honours.
The Wolves won the IIHLDD's first Championship as well as the IIHLDD's first Season Playoffs, defeating the Blackrock Whalers 11-5.
Roster.
2008-2009 Season
"Head Coach:" Steven Ewen
"Manager:" Pete Ting
References.
Irish Ice Hockey Association 
European Hockey.Net 

</doc>
<doc id="19895494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895494" title="Symphony in Effect">
Symphony in Effect

Symphony in Effect is the debut album of Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh-Wes, released in 1989 on Attic/LMR Records. In Canada, the album nearly went double platinum and remains one of the best-selling Canadian hip hop albums of all time. The first single "Let Your Backbone Slide" became the first hit single in Canadian hip hop history, appearing on "Billboard"'s Hot Rap Singles chart. A second single, "Drop the Needle", was released in 1990.
Background.
After making his radio debut on Toronto's CKLN in 1983, Maestro formed the Vision Crew with Ebony MC. The duo opened for hip-hop acts such as Public Enemy, Ice-T, and Beastie Boys before breaking up in 1987. Originally known as Melody MC, he changed his alias to Maestro Fresh-Wes in 1988 and released the independent demos "You Can't Stop Us Now" and "I'm Showin' You", which featured his new DJ, LTD. The next year, he performed at the New Music Seminar in New York City, where he walked away with a record deal with independent label LeFrak-Moelis Records (LMR). Later that year, he released "Symphony in Effect" which included "I'm Showin' You" and "Just Swingin'", featuring his friend Ebony MC. Maestro's manager Farley Flex also made an appearance on the track "LTD's on the Wheel(s) of Fortune".
Reception.
The album was successful in Canada, with 190,000 copies sold, nearly going double platinum. It peaked at #4 on Canada's "RPM" Albums Chart. RapReviews.com gave it a 7/10 rating, stating "Maestro Fresh-Wes was exactly the right rapper to put Canadian hip-hop on the map." The album won the first Juno Award for Rap Recording of the Year in 1991.
Track listing.
† Maximum 60 is incorrectly credited as the producer of "Let Your Backbone Slide".
Chart positions.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19895503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895503" title="Liam Ezekiel">
Liam Ezekiel

Liam Ezekiel (born October 30, 1982 in Arlington, Massachusetts) is an American football linebacker for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Buffalo Bills in 2005. He played college football at Northeastern.
He has also played for the Nashville Kats and Chicago Rush.
Early years.
Ezekiel attended Arlington High School where he played hockey and lettered in football, basketball, and track. While in highschool Ezekiel received many accolades for his football performance. Ezekiel joined the All-State Select 22 team as a senior, became league all-start (as a sophomore, junior, and senior), and was proclaimed Team MVP. In addition to these honors Ezekiel was also named to the All-State team twice (during his junior and senior years) and was proclaimed All-Scholastic by the "Boston Herald" and "Boston Globe". 
While at Arlington High School Liam earned a school record of 21 tackles in a single game, and 115 tackles in one season. The first record was subsequently broken by Matt Duggan who had 26 tackles in one game, while the second record still stands. Ezekiel finished his high school career with a school-record 450 tackles.
College career.
Ezekiel attended Northeastern where he majored in Criminal Justice and was a member of the school's football team.
As a freshman in 2001, Ezekiel was originally going to play at Division I-A West Virginia, however he decided to attended Northeastern in the summer 2001. He was named Third-team All-Atlantic 10, the first player in school history to ever earn All-Conference honors as a freshman. In his freshman season, he missed the first two games, but played in the last nine. He finished the season second on the teams with 82 tackles, setting a school freshman record. His average of 9.1 tackles-per-game was the highest on the team and eighth best in the conference. In his first game, he replaced injured linebacker Joe Gazzola, and recorded 13 tackles to help lead the team to its first win over Delaware. Ezekiel later recorded a season-high 15 tackles and one sack to help lead Northeastern to its first conference shutout ever, a 7-0 win over Richmond.
As a sophomore in 2002, Ezekiel led the conference and was seventh in the nation (Division I-AA) with a school-record 145 tackles, an average of 11.2 tackles-per-game. He was a "Sports Network" Third-team All-American. He was also First-team All-Conference, a New England Writers All-Star, he was also named the conference's Defensive Player of the Week after recording a career-high 22 tackles (one short of the school's single-game record), on the road against Delaware. He recorded 20 tackles on the road against William & Mary to become the first player in school history to have two 20-tackle games in the same season. He also won the James M. Thornton Memorial Award as MVP of the Homecoming game, after recording 15 tackles, one forced fumble and two fumble recoveries against Villanova. He also returned his first-career interception 28 yards for a touchdown against James Madison. He played the last five weeks of the season with a broken thumb. For the season he recorded seven double-digit tackle games. He also won the Chicken Lou Award as the team's most aggressive player. Through just two seasons, Ezekiel had recorded 227 tackles, 20 short of the school's top 10.
As a junior in 2003, Ezekiel started all 12 games. He also received First-team All-America honors from both the "Associated Press" and "Sports Network". He also earned First-team All-Conference, for the second straight year. He was also named a First-team All-Star by the ECAC and the New England Writers. He won the Atlantic 10 Co-Defensive Player of the Week honors after recording a season-high 17 tackles and returning an interception 40 yards against UMass. He finished the season fifth in the conference and 12th in the nation Division I-AA) in tackles-per-game with 11.7. He recorded 140 tackles, second most in school history, behind his total from the previous season. He also finished in a tie for ninth in the conference in sacks with 5.5. He recorded double-digit tackles in the last 11 games of the season. He also recorded a career-high two sacks against Rhode Island.
As a senior in 2004, Ezekiel appeared in and started 10 games. He earned First-team All-Conference for the third consecutive season. He also earned First-team All-America honors from the "Associated Press" and Second-team All-America honors by the "Sports Network". He was also named a First-team All-Star by the New England Football Writers and the ECAC. He was also a finalist for the Buck Buchanan Award. He also appeared in the East-West Shrine Game in San Francisco, California, in which he recorded six tackles. He also led the conference and was sixth in the nation (Division I-AA) in tackles-per-game with 12.2. His 122 tackles finished fifth in the conference. Ezekiel finished his college career as Northeastern's all-time leader in tackles with 489. His career total placed him second in Division I-AA history.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Ezekiel received an invitation to the NFL Scouting Combine. He was ranked as the 15th best inside linebacker out of 57., as well as the 308th best player out of 1,451 players in the draft. He was projected to be selected in the seventh round or go unselected.
National Football League.
Ezekiel went unselected in the 2005 NFL Draft. However, he later signed as an undrafted free agent with the Buffalo Bills, where he made the final roster as a rookie and played for two seasons, appearing in two games, recording six tackles.
Arena Football League.
After being released by the Bills, Ezekiel joined the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League and played in all 16 games and recorded a team-leading 82.5 tackles, three for losses. He also recorded 1.5 sacks, two fumble recoveries, and one forced fumble. In October 2007, he was selected by the Utah Blaze with the eighth pick in the 2008 dispersal draft, but was released at the end of training camp. He then signed a one-year contract with the Chicago Rush to replace Fullback Matt Kinsinger, who suffered a season-ending knee injury during the Rush's season-opening win over the San Jose SaberCats, and played in 15 games and recorded 32 tackles, one pass broken up, and two fumble recoveries. After the season, Ezekiel's contract expired and was not renewed.

</doc>
<doc id="19895540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895540" title="Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers">
Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers

Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers is an album by the blues trio Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1964.
History.
Between this release and their next, Dave Ray and John Koerner would each record a solo album, "Snaker's Here" and "Spider Blues" respectively. The trio also appeared at the 1964 Newport Folk Festival and their performance was recorded for the Vanguard Records album "Newport Folk Festival 1964: Evening Concerts Vol. 3". The songs performed by the trio included "Blackjack Davy" and "What's the Matter with the Mill".
"Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers" was reissued by Red House Records in 1999 with five bonus tracks from the original sessions. It was also reissued by WEA International along with "Blues, Rags and Hollers" in 2004.
Reception.
In his review of the 1999 reissue of their second album, "No Depression" critic Joel Roberts stated Koerner, Ray and Glover "emerged as one of the best and most popular groups on the burgeoning ’60s blues-folk revival scene" and said their original tunes "stand up next to the classics."
Calling them "the best white blues group", Allmusic critic Jeff Burger wrote "Koerner and Ray were first-rate guitarists, Glover could play harmonica like nobody's business and they all sang with style, enthusiasm, and a dash of humor. Plus, they had great material, some from blues giants like Lead Belly and Memphis Minnie, but much of it original."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19895551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895551" title="Chip Conley">
Chip Conley

Chip Conley (born 1960, Orange, California) is an American hotelier, author, and speaker. Conley is the founder
In 2011, Conley and Joie de Vivre learned that Market Metrix awarded the company the #1 customer service award in the U.S. in the Upper Upscale hotel category for 2010, beating out Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, Sheraton, Westin, Kimpton and Peninsula hotels.
In October 2011, Joie de Vivre and Thompson Hotels merged, and the two brands now sit under the newly created parent company, Commune Hotels & Resorts. Chip Conley retained an equity stake in the new company and remains involved as a strategic advisor. As of February 2014, Conley remains a private owner in several hotel properties, but is no longer a part of the Joie de Vivre management business.
In 2010, Conley was invited to speak at the annual TED conference. His speech addressed creating a business model driven by our need for meaning as outlined by Abraham Maslow’s hierarchy of needs and as presented in his book Peak: How Great Companies Get their Mojo from Maslow.<ref>Conley’s other books on entrepreneurship include [http://www.amazon.com/dp/0684865165 The Rebel Rules: Daring to Be Yourself in Business; Marketing that Matters: 10 Practices to Profit Your Business and Change the World; and the forthcoming Emotional Equations: Simple Truths for Creating Happiness and Success (January 2012).
Conley has been honored by the San Francisco Business Times as the “Most Innovative CEO” in the Bay Area. He is the founder of San Francisco’s annual Celebrity Pool Toss fundraiser, which has raised more than $4 million for inner city families in San Francisco’s Tenderloin District, where his first hotel, the Phoenix, is located.
In 2013, Conley founded Fest300 and became Head of Global Hospitality for Airbnb.
Education.
Graduated high school from the PACE program at Long Beach Polytechnic High School. Conley received his BA in 1982 and an MBA in 1984 from Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="19895552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895552" title="Loos, British Columbia">
Loos, British Columbia

Loos is a locality on the Canadian National Railway west of McBride, British Columbia, immediately next to Crescent Spur and the confluence of the Morkill River with the Fraser River. Loos Post Office opened 30 March 1916, named in recognition of the Battle of Loos of World War I. The first postmaster was Mrs. A Martin. The post office closed 11 July 1951, after most of the residents had moved to Crescent Spur. The Grand Trunk Pacific Railway station here was renamed from "Crescent Island" to Loos later in 1916. The community experienced flooding in 1936.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Loos railway station.
The original settlers were Ole Olson Leboe, originally of Vagland, Norway, and his wife Anna Maria. Around 1917 their sons built the Leboe Lumber Company sawmill here on the banks of the Fraser River. It was destroyed by fire, and rebuilt several times.

</doc>
<doc id="19895565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895565" title="Wharton Journal-Spectator">
Wharton Journal-Spectator

Wharton Journal-Spectator is a semi-daily newspaper published on Wednesday and Saturday based in Wharton, Texas. It is owned by River Publishers, Inc. The newspaper offers subscripts to a digital edition in PDF format.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19895604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895604" title="Han Berger">
Han Berger

Han Berger (born June 17, 1950 in Netherlands) is a Dutch football coach and former football player.
Biography.
Han Berger is the youngest head coach ever in the history of professional football in The Netherlands. After suffering a severe knee injury, his playing career ended at the age of 22 and he was appointed youth and assistant coach at his hometown side FC Utrecht. When the then head coach Jan Rab was dismissed in January 1976, Han Berger was appointed head coach of FC Utrecht at the age of 25.
After that he coached the amazing number of 637 games in the Dutch Eredivisie being particularly successful with FC Utrecht and FC Groningen, leading them to a number of spectacular UEFA Cup campaigns. Under his management Cambuur Leeuwarden in 1998 won the 1st division play-offs for promotion to the Eredivisie.
From 1998 till August 2000 Han Berger was in charge of the national youth teams program of the Royal Dutch Football Association (KNVB) and head coach of The Netherlands U/21 and Olympic Team and in 2004 he coached Oita Trinita in the Japanese J-League.
The last decade he held the position of director of football at FC Utrecht and De Graafschap in which role he acquired a reputation for implementing successful technical strategies, particularly in the field of youth development.

</doc>
<doc id="19895610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895610" title="Alpine Avalanche">
Alpine Avalanche

Alpine Avalanche is a weekly newspaper based in Alpine, Texas and covering Brewster County.

</doc>
<doc id="19895617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895617" title="Goat River, British Columbia">
Goat River, British Columbia

Goat River is a railway point on the Canadian National Railway west of McBride, British Columbia. It is located near the mouth of the Goat River.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Goat River railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19895637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895637" title="Caitlin McDougall">
Caitlin McDougall

Caitlin McDougall is an Australian actress who is best known for her roles in the television series Always Greener and The Alice.
McDougall is married to actor Erik Thomson and they have a daughter called Eilish. Mcdougall co-starred with her husband in the Australian drama series "The Alice".
McDougall has appeared in the movies "Hey Hey it's Esther Blueburger", Ned and "You Better Watch Out". Her television roles have included Always Greener, The Alice, All Saints, Neighbours, A Country Practice, Ocean Girl, Newlyweds and .

</doc>
<doc id="19895648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895648" title="Takafumi Ogura">
Takafumi Ogura


</doc>
<doc id="19895675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895675" title="Alice Echo-News Journal">
Alice Echo-News Journal

Alice Echo-News Journal is a newspaper based in Alice, Texas, covering the Jim Wells County area of South Texas. Publishing Wednesday, Friday and Sunday, it is owned by American Consolidated Media.
D.S. Boother founded the "Alice Echo" in 1894, publishing it as a weekly. He sold to a group headed by publisher Kenneth Fellows in 1935, which sold to V.D. Ringwald three years later. Ringwald made the paper a daily in 1946, changing the name to the "Alice Daily Echo".
Gulf Enterprises bought the newspaper in 1966, installing Lowell P. Hunt as publisher. The next year, the owners bought the weekly "Alice News" and renamed the product the "Alice Echo-News". The owners of a newspaper chain headed by the "Brownwood Bulletin" (Woodson Newspapers Inc.) bought the newspaper in 1975, with co-ownership by Brownwood's Craig Woodson and Hunt.
The "Echo-News" was bought by Boone Newspapers in 1990 and American Consolidated Media in 2000. ACM bought the free semiweekly "Alice Journal" in 2002 and renamed the paper the "Alice Echo-News Journal".
In 2010, the paper switched to a tabloid format and reduced its output to three days a week (Wednesday, Friday, Sunday). It also changed its printing schedule from afternoons to mornings.
Awards.
"Echo" reporter Caro Brown won the Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting, Edition Time in 1955 for coverage of the "one-man political rule" of George Parr Brown in neighboring Duval County. The Pulitzer judges praised her story, "written under unusual pressure both of edition time and difficult, even dangerous, circumstances."

</doc>
<doc id="19895678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895678" title="Steve Jones (baseball)">
Steve Jones (baseball)

Steven Howell Jones (born April 22, 1941) is a former left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1967 to 1969 for the Chicago White Sox, Washington Senators and Kansas City Royals. He is the brother of fellow former major leaguer Gary Jones.
Prior to playing professional baseball, he attended Whittier College. In 1962, he was signed by the Minnesota Twins as an amateur free agent. On December 2, 1963, he was drafted by the White Sox in the minor league draft. He made his big league debut with the White Sox on August 15, 1967. He started the game, lasting only 4 innings and allowing eight hits, one walk and three earned runs including a home run to Rick Monday. He went 2-2 with a 4.21 ERA in 11 games (three starts) in his first season.
On February 13, 1968, he was traded with Ron Hansen and Dennis Higgins to the Senators for Tim Cullen, Buster Narum and Bob Priddy. He appeared in seven games for the Senators in 1968, going 1-2 with a 5.91 ERA. He was taken as the 10th pick in the 1968 MLB expansion draft by the Royals. He pitched only one season for them, going 2-3 with a 4.23 ERA in 20 games (four games started). On September 21, 1969, he appeared in his final big league game.
Overall, Jones went 5-7 with a 4.44 ERA in 38 games (seven started). In 81 innings, he allowed 74 hits, 43 walks and 59 strikeouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19895702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895702" title="Osmar Donizete Cândido">
Osmar Donizete Cândido

Osmar Donizete Cândido, best known as Donizete 'Pantera' (born 24 October 1968 in Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player. Currently he is Assistant Manager at CFZ do Rio.

</doc>
<doc id="19895704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895704" title="Dome Creek, British Columbia">
Dome Creek, British Columbia

Dome Creek is a community located between Prince George and McBride in central British Columbia. A post office was opened here 1 May 1916, with J.O. Kendall as postmaster. The post office closed 31 January 1936, then re-opened 6 September 1937. Dome Creek may have reached a population of 2000 during the construction of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway.
Transportation.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Dome Creek railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19895724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895724" title="Li Congke">
Li Congke

Li Congke () (11 February 885 – 11 January 937), also known posthumously as Emperor Mo of Later Tang (後唐末帝, "last emperor of Later Tang"), Emperor Fei of Later Tang (後唐廢帝, "deposed emperor of Later Tang"), Wang Congke (王從珂) (particularly during succeeding Later Jin Dynasty, which did not recognize him as a legitimate Later Tang emperor), or Prince of Lu (潞王, a title Li Congke carried prior to his reign), nickname Ershisan (二十三, "23") or, in short, Asan (阿三), was the last emperor of the Later Tang Dynasty - the second of the Five Dynasties following the fall of the Tang Dynasty. He was an adoptive son of Li Siyuan (Emperor Mingzong) and took the throne after overthrowing Emperor Mingzong's biological son Emperor Min of Later Tang (Li Conghou). He was later himself overthrown by his brother-in-law Shi Jingtang, who was supported by Khitan troops (and whose Later Jin Dynasty succeeded his). When the combined Later Jin and Khitan forces defeated Later Tang forces, Li Congke and his family members, as well as the guards most loyal to him, ascended a tower and set it on fire, dying in the fire.
In fiction.
Li Congke's background was the basis of a 14th-century "zaju" by the Yuan Dynasty playwright Guan Hanqing titled "Madame Liu Hosts the Celebration Feast for the Five Marquesses" (劉夫人慶賞五侯宴).

</doc>
<doc id="19895747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895747" title="Beeville Bee-Picayune">
Beeville Bee-Picayune

Beeville Bee-Picayune is a newspaper based in Beeville, Texas. The newspaper is owned by Beeville Publishing Co., Inc..
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19895754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895754" title="Alexander Domínguez">
Alexander Domínguez

Alexander Domínguez Carabalí (born June 5, 1987 in Tachina, Esmeraldas) is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who plays for LDU Quito.
Club career.
LDU Quito.
Dominguez plays for LDU Quito, and has been the squad's starting goalie since taking over for the legendary José Francisco Cevallos.
Domínguez is one of the top 300 goalkeepers in the world, the third highest ranked Ecuadorian, and the highest ranked active Ecuadorian in terms of time spent without conceding a goal. From September 2, 2007 to October 28, 2007, he went 719 minutes without conceding a goal.
International career.
Domínguez received his first call-ups for the national team in May 2010 for friendlies against Mexico and Korea Republic. However, he remained an unused substitute. Because of club-related commitments, he would not receive another call-up until February 2011 for a friendly against Honduras. Again, he was an unused substitute. Manager Reinaldo Rueda finally gave Domínguez his first cap on March 26, 2011 in a friendly against Colombia. Ecuador lost the match 2–0.
Honors.
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="19895763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895763" title="Li Conghou">
Li Conghou

Li Conghou (李從厚) (914–934), formally Emperor Min of Later Tang (後唐閔帝), nickname Pusanu (菩薩奴, "slave of a Bodhisattva"), was an emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang Dynasty, ruling between 933 and 934. He was overthrown by his adopted brother Li Congke.
Background.
Li Conghou was born in 914, when his father Li Siyuan was a general of Jin (predecessor state to Later Tang Dynasty), under his adoptive brother (Li Conghou's adoptive uncle) Li Cunxu the Prince of Jin. His mother was Lady Xia, who was either a concubine of Li Siyuan's or a co-wife with Lady Cao, and who was also the mother of his older brother Li Congrong. He was either Li Siyuan's third son (per the "Old History of the Five Dynasties") or his fifth son (per the "New History of the Five Dynasties"). He was born at Li Siyuan's mansion in then-Jin capital Taiyuan. It was said that even in his childhood, he liked reading the "Spring and Autumn Annals" and was able to understand some of it. As his appearance was like his father Li Siyuan's, his father loved him.
During Li Siyuan's reign.
In 926, Li Cunxu, then the emperor of Later Tang, was killed in a mutiny at then-capital Luoyang. Li Siyuan subsequently claimed imperial title. In 927, he made Li Conghou the mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the Luoyang region) as well as the honorary chancellor designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), as well as the command of the imperial guards. This displeased Li Conghou's older brother Li Congrong, who was then the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Tianxiong Circuit (天雄, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), as this allowed Li Conghou to remain at the capital "and" control the imperial guards. (Li Conghou's and Li Congrong's mother Lady Xia was deceased by this point.)
In 928, Li Siyuan, under the suggestion of his favorite concubine Consort Wang, arranged to have Li Conghou betrothed to the daughter of the chancellor-chief of staff Kong Xun. (This drew the anger of Kong's fellow chief of staff, the more powerful An Chonghui, whom Kong had earlier dissuaded from giving a daughter to a son of Li Siyuan's (unclear whether it was Li Conghou) in marriage, and An had Kong ejected from the imperial government (which was then at Kaifeng) to be the defender of Luoyang.) Shortly thereafter, Li Conghou was made the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered at Kaifeng) and continued to command the imperial guards. Later in the year, he married Lady Kong as his wife; Kong Xun was allowed to attend the ceremony, but due to An's opposition, was not allowed to remain at Kaifeng, and shortly after had to return to Luoyang. Meanwhile, it was said that Li Conghou developed a reputation for being respectful, humble, and willing to listen to others — characteristics that Li Siyuan hoped that his older brother Li Congrong, who was then the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered at Taiyuan) would emulate (as Li Congrong was said to be arrogant and violent), to no avail.
In 929, Li Siyuan made Li Conghou the military governor of Hedong and the defender of Taiyuan, while making Li Congrong the mayor of Henan and the commander of the imperial guards. (By that point, the imperial government had returned to Luoyang.)
In 930, Li Siyuan created Li Congrong the Prince of Qin and Li Conghou the Prince of Song.
In 931, Li Siyuan moved Li Conghou to Tianxiong.
In 932, Li Siyuan gave Li Conghou the greater honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令). By that point, Li Congrong was the dominant figure at court, and was disrespectful of all high level officials. He also was jealous for the fact that Li Conghou had better reputation than he had. Li Conghou, however, was humble toward his brother, such that the relationship between them was not completely damaged, at least in public.
By late 933, Li Siyuan was extremely ill. Li Congrong, concerned about whether the high-level officials would try to divert the succession away from him, tried to seize control of the imperial government by force, but was defeated by forces under the command of then-chiefs of staff Zhu Hongzhao and Feng Yun and killed. Li Siyuan subsequently decided to summon Li Conghou, but before Li Conghou could arrive at Luoyang, Li Siyuan died. Li Conghou subsequently arrived and took the throne.
Reign.
Upon Li Conghou's taking of the throne, Zhu Hongzhao and Feng Yun, believing that they were responsible for his becoming emperor, dominated the court scene. They also excluded a number of Li Conghou's close associates from court, despite his displeasure. Meanwhile, Li Conghou honored Li Siyuan's wife Empress Cao as empress dowager and Consort Wang as consort dowager (despite his nagging suspicions that she was in league with Li Congrong). (Historical accounts were inconsistent as to whether he also created his wife Princess Kong to be empress, although it appeared that she was created an empress but that he never got a chance to carry out a formal creation ceremony.)
Zhu and Feng were suspicious of Li Conghou's older adoptive brother Li Congke the Prince of Lu, who then served as the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), and brother-in-law Shi Jingtang, who then served as the military governor of Hedong. They removed Li Congke's son Li Chongji (李重吉) from his position as an officer of the imperial guards, while placing his daughter Li Huiming (李惠明), who was a Buddhist nun at Luoyang, inside the palace, causing Li Congke to become apprehensive. In spring 934, they further decided to dislodge Shi by moving Li Congke from Fengxiang to Hedong, Shi from Hedong to Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), and Chengde's military governor Fan Yanguang to Tianxiong. They did so without having Li Conghou issue a formal edict; rather, they issued these orders from the Office of the Chiefs of Staff.
This, however, drew a violent reaction from Li Congke, as he believed these movements to be targeting him. He thus rebelled, claiming that Zhu and Feng were falsely controlling the government. Li Conghou commissioned the general Wang Sitong to command an army against Li Congke. Wang's army was initially successful, and it appeared that Fengxiang's capital Fengxiang Municipality would fall. However, a mutiny by a group of soldiers under the officer Yang Siquan (楊思權), who surrendered to Li Congke, led to a chain reaction where the imperial army collapsed, with most of the soldiers surrendering to Li Congke. Li Congke then marched toward Luoyang.
Hearing of this military disaster, Li Conghou initially considered personally going to meet Li Congke and yielding the throne to him. However, his original inclination was opposed by the imperial general Kang Yicheng (康義誠) — who, instead, was planning on surrendering to Li Congke himself with the imperial army, but who claimed to be loyal and willing to fight Li Congke on the battlefield. Li Conghou put him in charge of the remainder of the imperial army and had him engage Li Congke. (Around this time, Li Chongji and Li Huiming were executed.) Instead, Kang surrendered to Li Congke.
Kang's surrender caused Li Conghou to panic. He considered fleeing to Tianxiong, and he summoned Zhu to plan the journey. Instead, Zhu committed suicide, and the imperial guard general An Congjin then killed Feng, offering Zhu's and Feng's heads to Li Congke. Li Conghou fled Luoyang with just 50 cavalry soldiers, toward Tianxiong's capital Wei Prefecture (魏州).
When Li Conghou reached Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Anyang, Henan, a different prefecture than the capital of Tianxiong), he encountered Shi, who had himself gone from Hedong south, initially intending to support Li Conghou. Shi consulted the prefect of Wei, Wang Hongzhi (王弘贄), who advised Shi that Li Conghou's cause was hopeless. When Li Conghou's guards Sha Shourong (沙守榮) and Ben Hongjin (奔弘進) heard of this, they cursed Shi for being faithless, and Sha tried to assassinate Shi, but he and Shi's guard Chen Hui (陳暉) ended up killing each other in mutual combat. Ben committed suicide. Shi's officer Liu Zhiyuan then slaughtered all of Li Conghou's guards, leaving Li Conghou alone at the imperial messenger station at Wei, while Shi himself and his followers continued on to Luoyang (to offer their allegiance to Li Congke).
Shortly after, Empress Dowager Cao issued an edict deposing Li Conghou and demoting him to the title of Prince of E, and declaring Li Congke emperor. Li Congke then took the throne at Luoyang. Meanwhile, Wang Hongzhi moved Li Conghou to a residence within the Wei Prefecture government. Li Congke then sent Wang's son Wang Luan (王巒) with poisoned wine to Wei. When Wang Luan met with Li Conghou, he did not mention what he was there for, but offered wine to Li Conghou. Li Conghou, knowing that the wine was poisoned, refused to drink, so Wang Luan strangled him to death. Li Congke also had Empress Kong and Li Conghou's four sons put to death. Li Conghou was buried with only ceremony due a prince, south of Li Siyuan's tomb. It was not until Shi subsequently overthrew Li Congke and declared himself emperor of a new Later Jin Dynasty that he posthumously rehonored Li Conghou as an emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="19895764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895764" title="USS Half Moon (AVP-26)">
USS Half Moon (AVP-26)

USS "Half Moon" (AVP-26) was a seaplane tender that served in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1946.
Construction and early deployment.
"Half Moon" was laid down as a small seaplane tender (AVP-26) on 10 March 1942 by Lake Washington Shipyards, Houghton, Washington, and was launched as such on 12 July 1942, sponsored by Mrs. T. A. Gray. In March 1943 she was selected for conversion into a motor torpedo boat tender and redesignated AGP-6, but she was so close to completion as a seaplane tender that it soon was decided to convert seaplane tender USS "Oyster Bay" (AVP-28) into a motor torpedo boat tender instead; "Oyster Bay" was designated AGP-6 and became USS "Oyster Bay" (AGP-6). "Half Moon", meanwhile, was again classified as a seaplane tender, again designated AVP-26 on 1 May 1943 and commissioned as such on 15 June 1943 with Commander W. O. Gallery in command.
"Half Moon" spent her first months in shakedown training off California, and was then assigned to the United States Pacific Fleet. Departing San Diego, California, on 25 August 1943, she embarked a United States Marine Corps air group at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and steamed into Vila Harbor, New Hebrides, on 14 September 1943. She then sailed to Brisbane, Australia.
The New Guinea campaign and the "Black Cats".
From Brisbane, "Half Moon" moved to Namoai Bay, on Sariba Island, New Guinea, arriving on 6 October 1943. At Namoai Bay "Half Moon" began her tending duties. Her embarked squadron, flying Consolidated PBY Catalina flying boats, conducted night antishipping strikes in the New Guinea area. With the support of seaplane tenders like "Half Moon" these missions, called '"Black Cat" strikes, achieved important results in the destruction of Japanese transports.
"Half Moon" departed for Brisbane on 21 December 1943, remained there until 10 February 1944, and then steamed into a succession of New Guinea ports on the way to her new operating base, Finschafen, New Guinea. There she resumed her support of seaplane operations in the New Guinea theater.
After tending seaplanes on air-sea rescue missions from Humboldt Bay, New Guinea, in May 1944, "Half Moon" spent several months substituting for transports in the Pacific area, stopping at Brisbane, Manus Island, Milne Bay, and other ports. She took up "Black Cat" operations again on 25 August 1944 from Middelburg and later Morotai.
The Philippines campaign.
Steaming out of Morotai on 6 October 1944, "Half Moon" joined a small convoy en route to Leyte Gulf to assist in the developing operations for the recapture of the Philippine Islands. The convoy arrived at Leyte Gulf on 21 October 1944, and "Half Moon" immediately steamed down the eastern coast of Leyte in search of a proper anchorage for her seaplane operations.
Anchoring in Hinamangan Bay, "Half Moon" came under air attack on 23 October 1944, and soon realized that her anchorage was a rendezvous point for Japanese planes attacking Leyte. Late on 24 October 1944 the radar aboard "Half Moon" began to pick up two large surface units converging and it was soon clear that she was to be a witness to the last engagement between battlelines of surface ships, the Battle of Surigao Strait, one of several actions making up the larger Battle of Leyte Gulf of 23 October 1944-26 October 1944. "Half Moon" cautiously slipped out from behind Oabugan Grande Island and was given permission to proceed up the coast of Leyte between, but well to the west of, the two fleets. She watched the spectacle of Rear Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf's battleships, cruisers, and destroyers pounding the Japanese ships, and after the battle returned to Hinamangan Bay. Another fierce air attack, however, soon convinced the captain of "Half Moon" that San Pedro Bay, further north, offered a more hospitable base for operation.
"Half Moon" weathered two severe storms, on 29 October 1944 and 8 November 1944, and operated with her seaplanes in Leyte Gulf until 27 December 1944. She was then designated as part of the support convoy for the Mindoro landing, and departed for Mangarin Bay on 27 December 1944. The convoy, known as "Uncle plus 15", encountered some of the most prolonged and determined air attacks of the World War II as the Japanese strove mightily to prevent American reinforcements from reaching Mindoro. Air cover provided by land-based aircraft stopped only some of the Japanese attackers. Suicide planes ("kamikaze"s), bombs, and strafing hit many ships. Liberty Ship SS "John Burke", loaded with ammunition, exploded, leaving virtually no trace after a "kamikaze" hit, tanker USS "Porcupine" (IX-126) and motor torpedo boat tender USS "Orestes" (AGP-10) were severely damaged, and other ships also suffered hits.
Nevertheless the convoy drove through, giving the Japanese planes a hot time with concentrated antiaircraft fire. During the convoy's three-day voyage, gunners on "Half Moon" and the other ships were at their stations around the clock, "Half Moon" accounting for at least two and possibly four of the attacking aircraft.
The convoy arrived at Mindoro on 30 December 1944. Air attacks continued. On 4 January 1945 during one of these a large bomb skipped over "Half Moon's" fantail, falling to explode. "Half Moon" remained in Mangarin Bay tending seaplanes until returning to Leyte Gulf on 17 February 1945.
Following the victorious Philippine invasion, "Half Moon" moved to Manus and Humboldt Bay. While in dry dock at Manus a sole Japanese aircraft launched a torpedo at the ship, striking the dry dock and destroying its mess hall. There was no damage to the "Half Moon" and only one injury, a crew member who fell off the top of the dock while fishing. The following day Tokyo Rose reported the "Half Moon" sunk. 
On 30 May 1945, she got underway for the Philippines again, arriving at Tawi Tawi in the Sulu Archipelago on 11 June 1945. She supported seaplane antisubmarine searches from Tawi Tawi Bay until early August 1945, and then carried out the same mission from Mangarin Bay, Mindoro.
"Half Moon" received two battle stars for her World War II service.
Post-World War II career.
Following Japan's surrender on 15 August 1945, "Half Moon" proceeded to Subic Bay on Luzon in the Philippines, and from there got underway for Okinawa on 30 August 1945. On the afternoon of 31 August 1945 signs of a storm were evident and by 1 September 1945 "Half Moon" was engulfed in a raging typhoon, with winds up to (222 kilometers per hour) and barometer readings of 27.32 inches (925 millibars). Smart seamanship allowed her to weather the storm, and she arrived safely at Okinawa on 4 September 1945.
"Half Moon" departed Okinawa for Manila on 1 October 1945, operated in that area for about a month, and departed Manila on 7 November 1945 for deactivation. She arrived at Seattle, Washington, on 1 December 1945, steamed to San Diego on 12 April 1946, decommissioned there on 4 September 1946, and was placed in reserve.
United States Coast Guard career.
"Half Moon" was refitted and loaned to the United States Coast Guard in September 1948. In Coast Guard service she became the cutter USCGC "Half Moon" (WAVP-378), later WHEC-378. Based at Staten Island, New York, USCGC "Half Moon" served primarily on ocean station duty in the Atlantic Ocean, serving also as a search-and-rescue ship and in law enforcement operations. She eventually was reclassified as a High Endurance Cutter and redesignated WHEC-378 in 1966, and was transferred permanently to the Coast Guard later that year. She served for several months on a combat tour off Vietnam in 1967 during the Vietnam War.
USCGC "Half Moon" was decommissioned in July 1969 and was sold for scrap in May 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19895779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895779" title="Cairns Arena">
Cairns Arena

C. Douglas Cairns Recreation Arena, more commonly known as Cairns Arena, is a 600-seat hockey arena in South Burlington, Vermont. It is home to the Saint Michael's College Purple Knights men's and women's ice hockey teams, the University of Vermont club ice hockey team, and a number of high school hockey teams. It was the former home to the Green Mountain Glades Junior A ice hockey team of the Eastern Junior Hockey League, who have since moved operations to Portland, Maine.
The Arena comprises two NHL-sized ice rinks each with a seating capacity of 600, a cafe, and pro shop. It also served as a venue for the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship along with Gutterson Fieldhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19895782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895782" title="Randy Johnson (designated hitter)">
Randy Johnson (designated hitter)

Randall Stuart Johnson is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter. He was born on August 15, 1958 in Miami, Florida. He bats and throws left-handed and is 6 foot 2 and 195 pounds. Randy was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 3rd round of the 1979 draft. In 1980 for the Chicago White Sox he had 4 hits in 20 at bats (a .200 batting average). In 1982 with the Minnesota Twins, Johnson had 58 hits and 10 home runs. In his career, he had 62 hits, 10 home runs, 36 RBIs, and a .244 batting average.

</doc>
<doc id="19895787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895787" title="Douglas Baulch">
Douglas Baulch

(Ernest) Douglas Baulch (24 May 1917 – 23 February 1996) was one of Australia's talented and naturally gifted artists from the Prahran Technical College but less known as he was very reserved.
Baulch was born at Malvern, Victoria, Australia, being the only son and youngest of three children of Ernest Stanley Baulch. He is commonly known as Douglas Baulch, the same name used on all his works. Before Douglas' first birthday his father was sent to fight in France during World War 1, only to return hospitalised for the rest of his life being completely incapacitated til his death 8 years later. This had a traumatic and emotional effect on Douglas as a young child watching and only knowing his father from his death bed. His father eventually died in 1926 when Douglas was only 9 years old.
Still living at Malvern this created both severe financial and emotional stress upon him and the family. Being forced to take on a more responsible role for the household at a very early age. Even while young he had a love for art spending all his spare time drawing at home, which his mother Ann and sisters Doris and Gloria encouraged.
He commenced training at the Prahran Technical College (now Swinburne University) in 1931. He was strongly influenced by his tutor Tom Carter who recognised his natural talent as an exceptional impressionist with strong artistic ability . Tom introduced him to William Dargie with whom he had a long standing friendship . Douglas took a strong interest in the true representation, depth and contrast of the Australian landscape capturing the light, hues and tones unique to Australia's environment. He further expanded the representation of the Australian society and its movement to an urbanised nation, as represented in a number of his cityscapes.
He kept to his desires and natural talent and felt he wasn't swayed to the then in-vogue abstraction stream. He graduated in 1934 (as a qualified teacher) but continued with post graduate studies from 1934 part-time. He became an ongoing member of the Victorian Artists Society exhibiting numerous times with them.
He had 20 pieces of works on Public Display for over 20 years at Prahran Technical College from 1940 as a representative of excellence for the College.
To supplement his income and to support his mother and sisters he worked as a commercial artist at "Troedel and Cooper Pty Ltd" during 1936 to 1938, then til 1940 as an artist with Athol Shmith (Fashion/Society Photographer). He then completed his post graduate studies in Fine Arts and Commercial Arts in 1940.
However he became disillusioned soon after graduating when he supplied two of his favourite pieces to a private gallery in Melbourne, which then claimed the pieces were stolen. The gallery closed and his painting were never seen again. From this day on he became more reclusive and guarded on supplying his art work to various galleries and thus exhibited significantly less than other friends such as Sidney Nolan.
With the outbreak of World War II he signed on to the Royal Australian Air Force working predominantly in northern Australia and the Pacific as a commercial artist, between 1943 and 1945 being commissioned to produce various posters and signage related to the war effort. Subsequently doing a portrait of Sir Richard Williams
He married in 1944 to Lyla Foster, they lived at Glen Iris then Armadale. Upon returning home from the Air Force he commenced a large family with his first child Jeff born in 1946.
In 1952 he moved to East Doncaster as he enjoyed the Australian landscape and needed to find a balance between his family/financial commitments and his love for landscapes. Commonly using the Lower Templestowe and Warrandyte areas as inspiration to portray the geography and rugged bush of the area at the time. His landscape of this period displayed a natural beauty and positive view of the natural eco-environment, they were non superficial with a multiple of views enticing the viewer to be drawn into the scene. He was good friends with Ernest Buckmaster who lived in Warrandyte at the time as they both had mutually respect for one another's work and similar views of true impressionist art versus the then open flare buoyant abstract fashion trend, this put them at odds with the then current establishment. In the true sense Douglas was quiet rebellious and held firm to his beliefs to not slip into the easy flowing abstract surrealism of the early 1900s.
By 1961 he had eight children to support (Jeff, Graeme, Madeleine, Michael, Francesca, Paul, Kevin and Lisa) and was forced to continue working as a commercial artist with various companies, while pursuing his true interest in his own time. These times were typically represented in his numerous portraits, which would capture the changing views and characteristics of the time, showing the harmonist relaxation of society. This was indicative of his own change from a tragic childhood, being left behind at the end of the World War with the per trail of foreseeing a hopeful future. This was further enhanced by the incorporation of children representing the commencement of the baby boom and society's increased importance of children and the development of families. Thus, many of his works including landscapes will include small children in the background representing this era. He continued to exhibit with the Victoria Artists Society at this time.
In 1965 he took a sabbatical to Western Australia around the Coral Coast and Dampier, north Wickham, Roebourne, south Karratha and Barrow Island. Some of the works from this time were exhibited at the National Gallery of Western Australia.
He exhibited at Victoria Government House (for the Queens visits) in 1964. As well as multiple exhibits are locations around Melbourne, at various state Libraries, Universities, various prize shows, (e.g. Archibald) and financial institutions. His works are currently held in a number of private collections around the world in the UK, US, Belgium, Paris and Hong Kong.
Later in life he spend more time pursuing his own works while working as a teacher from his home (East Doncaster), on television, at various TAFEs and Monash University. As well as illustrating the book the poetry book "Beside My Hearth" .
His style did change later in life with the movement to a more vivid colour expression of the natural landscape environment which was reflective of his views of life having more freedom and the heavy responsibilities of supporting a family of eight children was now lifted, as his children had matured and were pursuing their own lives.
Due to Baulch's demanding life and circumstances his total number of art works in existence is extremely limited to several hundred individual pieces. Regretfully, having experience his father slow demise, Douglas too fell ill, with cancer and found himself hospitalised for a year until he died at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19895806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895806" title="Nollywood Babylon">
Nollywood Babylon

Nollywood Babylon is a 2008 feature documentary film directed by Ben Addelman and Samir Mallal. Produced by the National Film Board of Canada, it is about the explosive popularity of Nigerian movies. The United Kingdom distributor is Dogwoof Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="19895840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895840" title="Carlson, British Columbia">
Carlson, British Columbia

Carlson is a locality situated north of Tabor Lake, near Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19895871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895871" title="Academy of hope">
Academy of hope

Academy of Hope(AOH) is a non-profit organization, involved in providing "educational empowerment" to Washington, DC adults. The organization was founded in 1985 by Church of the Saviour volunteers. 
Services.
Academy of Hope provides adult basic education leading to improved literacy, the GED certificate, other high school diploma programs (External Diploma Program), and computer training. Students are typically adults with limited or no income who are under-educated or lack the educational skills for employment. About 350 students have received high school credentials through the academy, taking an average of two years but as many as 10 years in a few cases. 
Funding.
Academy of Hope receives funding from private donors and foundations as well as $170,000 a year in federal and D.C. funds earmarked to fight adult illiteracy. A 2007 renovation and move was paid for in part by a $200,000 grant from Oprah Winfrey's Angel Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19895880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895880" title="The Return of Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover">
The Return of Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover

The Return of Koerner, Ray and Glover is an album by Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1965. It was their last recording for Elektra and it would be seven years before the trio's next release.
Koerner appeared at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival accompanied by Glover, one of the few times the two performed without Dave Ray.
"The Return of Koerner, Ray and Glover" was reissued by Red House Records in 1999.
Reception.
Allmusic critic Jeff Burger wrote "...this beautifully remastered 1965 collection is filled with the humor, rhythm, soulful vocals and top-notch material that made the outfit such a standout... If you like this kind of music, it's a safe bet that you'll love this album." In his "JazzTimes" review, music critic Bill Milkowski called the album "A quintessential white boy blues album that helped fuel the '60s blues boom." Reviewed in "Mother Jones", the reissue was called "... driving, foot-stomping, aggressively acoustic blues that seamlessly meshes original composition with material from the great bluesmen... an album of remarkable breadth, much more than the sum of its parts."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19895894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895894" title="Reverse dictionary">
Reverse dictionary

A reverse dictionary is a dictionary organized in a non-standard order that provides the user with information that would be difficult to obtain from a traditionally alphabetized dictionary. For example, "A Reverse Dictionary of the Spanish Language" and "Walker's Rhyming Dictionary" are reverse dictionaries, the organization of which is based upon sorting each entry word based upon its last letter and the subsequent letters proceeding toward the beginning of that word. Consequently, in these reverse dictionaries all words that have the same suffix appear in order in the dictionary. Such a reverse dictionary would be useful for linguists and poets who might be looking for words ending with a particular suffix, or by an anthropologist or forensics specialist examining a damaged text (e.g. a stone inscription, or a burned document) that had only the final portion of a particular word preserved. Reverse dictionaries of this type have been published for most major alphabetical languages (see numerous examples listed below). By way of contrast, in a standard dictionary words are organized such that words with the same prefix appear in order, since the sorting order is starting with the first letter of the entry word and subsequent letters proceeding toward the end of that word.
Reverse dictionaries of this type were historically difficult to produce before the advent of the electronic computer and have become more common since the first computer sorted one (Stahl and Scavnicky's Reverse Spanish Dictionary) appeared in 1974.
Another use of the term "reverse dictionary" is for a reference work that is organized by concepts, phrases, or the definitions of words. This is in contrast to a standard dictionary, in which words are indexed by the headwords, but similar in function to a thesaurus, where one can look up a concept by some common, general word, and then find a list of near-synonyms of that word. (For example, in a thesaurus one could look up "doctor" and be presented with such words as healer, physician, surgeon, M.D., medical man, medicine man, academician, professor, scholar, sage, master, expert.) In theory, a reverse dictionary might go further than this, allowing you to find a word by its definition only (for example, to find the word "doctor" knowing only that he is a "person who cures disease"). Such dictionaries have become more practical with the advent of computerized information-storage and retrieval systems (i.e. computer databases).
An example of this type of reverse dictionary is the "Diccionario Ideológico de la Lengua Española" (Spanish Language Ideological Dictionary) This allows the user to find words based on a small set of general concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="19895924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895924" title="Salmon Valley, British Columbia">
Salmon Valley, British Columbia

Salmon Valley is a community on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19895935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895935" title="List of German companies by employees in 1938">
List of German companies by employees in 1938

This is a list of the largest companies of Nazi Germany by employees in 1938.
Companies by employees.
The list is based on Fiedler (1999a, 1999b), who compiled data from a variety of sources. Given the shortage of historical employment data some employment numbers are only estimates and some companies might be missing from this list. Employment numbers are including all subsidiaries as long as the parent company is the majority shareholder, that is, holds more than 50 percent of the stock. An exception is Telefunken, which is included in the list as it was a joint venture of Siemens and Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft which each company holding 50 percent of the shares of Telefunken. Employee numbers are not including those employed in foreign subsidiaries. The only three companies in 1938 with large foreign subsidiaries were Siemens with 11.2 percent of the workforce employed abroad, Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft with less than 20 percent and Mannesmann with 10 percent. In 1938 seven of the 100 largest German companies were subsidiaries of foreign companies, all of them included in the list. The seven foreign-controlled companies were the subsidiaries of Luxembourgish Arbed (Felten & Guilleaume, Eschweiler Bergwerksverein and Burbacher Hütte), American General Motors (Adam Opel), American International Telephone & Telegraph (Deutsche I.T.& T.-Gruppe), American Singer Corporation (Singer Nähmaschinen), French de Wendel group (de Wendelsche Berg-und Hüttenwerke), Belgian Solvay (Deutsche Solvay) and Dutch-British Royal Dutch Shell (Rhenania Ossag Mineralölwerke).

</doc>
<doc id="19895936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895936" title="In the King of Prussia">
In the King of Prussia

In the King of Prussia is a 1982 film directed and written by Emile de Antonio. The film reconstructs the events of the 1980s "Plowshares Eight." The group of anti-war activists were charged with the September 1980 destruction of nose cones designed for nuclear warheads at the Re-Entry Division of the General Electric Space Technology Center in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The members of the Plowshares Eight, including Daniel Berrigan and Philip Berrigan, played themselves while actors played the roles of jurors, lawyers and police; Martin Sheen played the role of the judge in this shot-on-video feature.
Production.
De Antonio had previously worked with Daniel Berrigan on his film "In the Year of the Pig". The Berrigans asked de Antonio to film the trial for their actions in King of Prussia, which de Antonio initially refused because he did not share their religious beliefs. However, he changed his mind and agreed shortly before the trial. Martin Sheen had been a friend of de Antonio's since the controversy surrounding de Antonio's previous film, "Underground". Sheen offered to help with de Antonio's new project and accepted the role of Judge Samuel Salus II.
For this film, de Antonio shot and edited the footage on video, then converted to 35mm film. 
Exhibition.
"In the King of Prussia" premiered in New York City on February 13, 1983. The film played at the Berlin International Film Festival that year. 
The film was released on VHS in 1982 by MPI Home Video. 

</doc>
<doc id="19895947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895947" title="Central Fraser Valley Transit System">
Central Fraser Valley Transit System

Central Fraser Valley Transit System (formerly known as ValleyMAX) is a public transit system which provides bus services in the Central Fraser Valley area of British Columbia, Canada. Funding for the system is provided by the City of Abbotsford, the District of Mission, the University of the Fraser Valley and BC Transit, the agency responsible for planning and management of municipal transit systems throughout the province. Other than planning and managing bus routes, The Central Fraser Valley Transit System contracts out most of its bus services to FirstCanada ULC.
Services.
Most bus routes run entirely within the urban areas of either Abbotsford or Mission, with the GoLines providing the backbone of the system with transfer-free crosstown service in Abbotsford. The "Valley Connector" routes link the two communities via the Abbotsford-Mission Highway across the Fraser River. To provide a balanced service, routes are intensified through central Abbotsford, while smaller buses operate on some routes as a flexible "community bus" during off peak hours. Regular service on busy routes is between 6 am and 10:30/11 pm, 
handyDART is a transportation service for people with disabilities that do not allow them to use the conventional transit service. Clients must be pre-approved to make use of this service.
West Coast Express.
Central Fraser Valley Transit provides connecting services to the West Coast Express, which terminates at Mission Station. This commuter rail service runs to Vancouver in the morning, with return trips in the afternoon and early evening.

</doc>
<doc id="19895951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895951" title="Tay, British Columbia">
Tay, British Columbia

Tay is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19895972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895972" title="Doing It All for My Baby">
Doing It All for My Baby

"Doing It All for My Baby" is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News, released as a single from the album "Fore!" in 1987. The single peaked at number six on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in September 1987, becoming the fifth top-ten hit from the album and making the band the first group to have five top-ten Hot 100 singles from one album.
History.
The song was written by Mike Duke and Phil Cody. Duke had previously written the song, "Hope You Love Me Like You Say You Do", the News' second top 40 hit from the 1982 album, "Picture This", and went on to write, "Let Her Go and Start Over," a minor adult contemporary hit for the band, from the album, "Plan B", in 2001.
Music video.
The music video for "Doing It All for My Baby" was a parody of monster movies and was over 7 minutes long. Huey appears as himself, the Dr. Frankenstein character, and the singing monster.
Dracula is portrayed by bass player Mario Cippolina, who is shown placing his own disembodied head in a jar on a table (Mario also appears as half of the two-headed creature with drummer Bill Gibson). Igor is played by keyboarder Sean Hopper. The Tower of Power is shown chained to the back wall playing their horns while Frankenstein/Huey sings into a steaming test tube. The video ends with Igor foolishly throwing a large switch, turning the singing monster back into Huey, and the mummy-woman screaming in horror.

</doc>
<doc id="19895984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19895984" title="Rookies (manga)">
Rookies (manga)

"Rookies" is the story of an amateur teacher, Koichi Kawato, who is faced with the challenge of guiding a high school baseball club composed of delinquents. The students are wary of him and often threaten Kawato, but he refuses to abandon them and continuously speaks highly of recognizing their dreams. Eventually, the team is assembled and they dedicate their time to achieve their dream of going to the Koshien.
Plot.
Koichi Kawato is the new Japanese teacher at the ill-famed Futakotamagawa high school, whose baseball club is composed of thugs and bullies who have been suspended for a year from all school competitions, for causing a brawl during an official match. The newly appointed teacher finds that the club members left are only interested in women, smoking and doing nothing good until, under Kawato's guidance, they recognize that baseball is what they truly love doing. Kawato also teaches them that they should follow their dreams, and for them, being able to reach the national high school tournament finals in Koshien (Hyogo prefecture) is what they have always wished for. However, reaching Koshien is far from easy as many obstacles await them.
Media.
Manga.
"Rookies" is written and illustrated by Masanori Morita. It was serialized in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" during its original run from 1998 to 2003 from the tenth to 39th issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump". Shueisha released the manga in 24 "tankōbon" volumes between June 4, 1998 and November 4, 2003. It was licensed in France by Editions Tonkam, and in Taiwan by Da Ran Culture before it went bankrupt. The Taiwan license was transferred to Tong Li Publishing. In Italy, "Rookies" was licensed by Star Comics and serialized in the magazine "Express".
TV drama.
The manga was adapted into a live-action Japanese television drama. The series' script was written by Yoshihiro Izumi and was directed by Yuichiro Hirakawa. It was produced by Tsuru Masaaki. Its 11 episodes were broadcast on Tokyo Broadcasting System between April 19, 2008 and July 26, 2008. The series' theme song was "Kiseki" by Greeeen. The first three episodes of the drama were released as a "Rookies Omote Box" by TC Entertainment on July 18, 2008. Episodes four to eleven were released in a "Rookies Ura Box" on October 8, 2008. The soundtrack to the drama was released on a CD on June 28, 2008.
Film.
A live-action film, , was adapted from the manga. Created by Toho and directed by Yūichirō Hirakawa, the film premiered on May 31, 2009.
Reception.
"Rookies" was ranked the 9th top-selling manga in Japan in 2008 with 2,765,163 copies sold.
The last episode of "Rookies", broadcast on July 26, 2008, was rated 19.5 in the average household ratings. The television special episode of "Rookies" garnered a 10.0 rating. The "Rookies" Ura Box for the live-action television adaptation of Masanori Morita's "Rookies" baseball manga sold 5,595 copies during the October 15–21, 2008 weekend. "Rookies" TV drama DVDs was ranked the top having the most copies sold in 2008. First episode of "Rookies" was rated a 9.5 when it re-ran on December 31, 2008. "Rookies" Ura Box was ranked 24th on the Oricon charts with 1,997 copies sold between June 1–7, 2009. "Rookies" Omote Box was ranked 30th on the Oricon charts with 1,891 copies sold between June 8–14, 2009.
"Rookies" drama series was awarded five of the possible nine awards at the 58th Television Drama Academy Awards in 2008. "Rookies" was awarded best drama; Sato Ryuta was awarded best actor; Ichihara Hayato was awarded best supporting actor; "Kiseki" by Greeeen was awarded best theme song and Nikogaku Nine was awarded the special award. "Rookies" was highly commended as one of the best drama series at the 2008 Asian Television Awards.
"Document of Rookies ~Sotsugyō" debut at 15th on the Oricon charts between April 21–28, 2009 with 9,141 copies sold. It sold 3,092 copies during June 1–7, 2009 to be ranked 10th. It sold 2,648 copies the following week and dropped to rank 20.
"Rookies: Graduation" topped the Japanese box office chart when it premiered on May 30, 2009, earning the equivalent of US$12,703,775 over the May 30–31 weekend. It continued to top the Japanese box office chart the following weekend, earning US$12,703,775 that weekend. It was ranked second on the box office chart to "Terminator Salvation", earning US$8,278,440 that weekend. It rose back to top the box office charts on the June 20–21 weekend, earning US$6,404,066 that weekend. On the fifth weekend, the movie dropped to second place to "", earning US$4,290,266 that weekend. On its sixth weekend on the box office charts, it stayed at second place, earning US$2,933,634 that weekend. In its seventh weekend, "Rookies: Graduation" fell to 4th place and earned US$1,894,007, and has grossed US$82 million as of July 15. In its eighth weekend, "Rookies: Graduation", fell to 8th place and earned US$1,129,349. In its ninth weekend, "Rookies: Graduation" rose to 6th place and earned US$748,804.

</doc>
<doc id="19896004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896004" title="The Glen Bridge">
The Glen Bridge

The Glen Bridge is a two lane bridge that carries NY 28 across the Hudson River connecting Johnsburg, New York with Chester, New York built in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19896007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896007" title="Barclays Wealth">
Barclays Wealth

Barclays Wealth and Investment Management is a leading global wealth manager providing private banking, investment management, brokerage and fiduciary services to private clients and financial intermediaries all over the world. Barclays provides Wealth and Investment Management across 20 offices worldwide to clients in 50 countries and has client assets of £202.8 billion (as of 30 June 2013).
In May 2013, Peter Horrell was named interim Chief Executive of the Wealth and Investment Management division of Barclays reporting to Antony Jenkins, Barclays Group Chief Executive. Horrell was permanently appointed Chief Executive in September 2013.
The Wealth and Investment Management division is part of the Barclays Group, a global financial services provider engaged in retail and commercial banking, credit cards, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services with an international presence in Europe, the USA, Africa and Asia.
Community investment and sponsorships.
Barclays Wealth has an active community investment programme in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates, with a particular focus on providing grants to charities helping disadvantaged people work towards financial independence and security.
The firm also has a policy of encouraging employees in their personal charitable giving and fundraising efforts. Staff are able to volunteer in work time and Barclays Wealth will match any monies raised through a staff member's individual fundraising efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19896022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896022" title="O'Dell, British Columbia">
O'Dell, British Columbia

O'Dell is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19896064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896064" title="Averil, British Columbia">
Averil, British Columbia

Averil is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia. Averil station closed 3 May 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19896093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896093" title="McEwan, British Columbia">
McEwan, British Columbia

McEwan is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19896095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896095" title="Thurman Station Bridge">
Thurman Station Bridge

The Thurman Station Bridge is a two lane bridge that carries NY 418 across the Hudson River connecting Thurman, New York with Warrensburg, New York built in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19896098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896098" title="Stubblefield, Illinois">
Stubblefield, Illinois

Stubblefield is an unincorporated community in Bond County, Illinois, United States. The community is served by an exit on Interstate 70. The nearest city to Stubblefield is Greenville.

</doc>
<doc id="19896105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896105" title="Good Old Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover">
Good Old Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover

Good Old Koerner, Ray & Glover is an album by Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1972.
History.
The recordings on "Good Old Koerner, Ray & Glover" are live recordings taken from the trio's performances at the St. Olaf College folk festivals in 1963 and 1964. It would be 24 years before the trio's next release. The album is out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="19896122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896122" title="Hart, British Columbia">
Hart, British Columbia

Hart is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia, near the community of Bear Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19896148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896148" title="2016 Asian Beach Games">
2016 Asian Beach Games

The Fifth Asian Beach Games will be held in Nha Trang, Vietnam in 2016.
It will be the second time for Vietnam to host an Asia level multi-sports event, after Hanoi held Asian Indoor Games (2009) and Southeast Asian Games (2003). However, it will be the first time that the event won't be held in Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="19896155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896155" title="Shell Busey">
Shell Busey

Shell Busey is a popular Canadian radio and television personality and home improvement expert. he was the host of the "Home Discovery Show" until July 2011, a talk radio show on the Corus Radio Network. He is also the creator of the HouseSmart Home Services Referral Network, a conglomerate of over 170 different trades, home services and home products available across Canada. In addition to being a guest on other radio shows, Busey makes numerous public appearances at home shows, seminars and charity events.
Busey and his wife currently live in Surrey, British Columbia.
Early life.
Shell Emerson Busey was born in Owen Sound, Ontario on November 25, 1942. He was the third of five children. Busey’s father Emerson worked for many years for the now-demolished Kennedy Foundry in Owen Sound, and was credited for inventing the “Shaper Plane”, a machine that would shave down large ship propellers to their desired final shapes. Emerson later became a tool and die maker for RCA Victor.
Shell Busey didn’t care much for schoolwork as a young man; his real passion was in carpentry and mechanics. As a youth Busey delivered "The Globe and Mail" in the morning and "The Toronto Star" and Owen Sound’s local "Sun Times" in the evening on his bicycle. Busey moved on from paper delivery to delivering prescription drugs for Bill Murphy’s Drug Store in Owen Sound.
At the age of 13, Busey entered the Industrial Program at Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute, where he took instruction in cabinetry, electrical, plumbing, motor mechanics and drafting. One of his teachers, Bill Graham, helped Busey get a job as a management trainee for Beaver Lumber.
Early career.
In 1961, at age 18, Busey began work as a stock boy at Beaver Lumber in Owen Sound. He eventually earned himself a sales desk position. Beaver Lumber’s store manager, Roy Kennedy, recommended Busey for the Beaver Lumber Management Training program. Busey attended the program in Oakville, attaining his management certificate in 1965, and later that year, at the age of 22, he assumed the role of assistant manager at Beaver Lumber in Barrie, Ontario.
After less than a year, Busey received another promotion and, with his wife Frankie, moved to Orangeville, where he assumed the role of store manager—at age 23, the youngest in the entire Beaver Lumber chain. From 1968 to 1974, Busey transferred to several Beaver Lumber locations across the province from Sault Ste. Marie to Windsor to Oakville, moving from manager to supervisor.
In 1974 Shell Busey and his young family moved to British Columbia where Busey would manage the western Canada division of Saveway Stores. At the time, Saveway was a brand new cash-and-carry arm of the Beaver Lumber Group, and Busey was supervising the changeover of four locations: Ladner, Langley, Burnaby and Surrey. In addition, Busey was responsible for the supervision of Beaver Lumber stores in Prince George, Fort St. John, Chetwynd, Vanderhoof, Whitehorse and the Yukon.
Busey left Beaver Lumber in 1975 to take on a position as merchandise manager for Independent Retail Lumber Yard Building Supplies. In 1976, upon the request of Beaver Lumber, Busey travelled to Whitehorse to set up the first Beaver Lumber franchise in the Yukon. Upon his return to Delta, B.C., became a consultant to the Surrey Co-op in Cloverdale.
In 1977, Busey purchased a Windsor Plywood franchise in Delta, with his wife Frankie. Busey and his wife turned the once struggling franchise into an award-winning successful business. Less than two years later Busey opened a satellite location on Scott Road in Surrey, which he called Ye Olde Hardware Store. The business didn't do as well as he had hoped and he sold the store in 1980. Busey and Frankie expanded their original Windsor Plywood store and, in 1981, purchased a second franchise in Coquitlam, B.C. In the spring of 1983 the Buseys decided to leave the Windsor Plywood franchise and operate independently, first as Mr. Build Centre, and eventually changing the name to Build-it Centre.
Radio and television career.
In 1983 Busey also began hosting his own home improvement radio program called "The Build-It Show" on CJOR, a talk radio station in Vancouver. The radio program became more popular than he had imagined, and eventually CJOR set up a small studio in Busey’s office at the Build-It Centre in Delta. Busey would host the show and serve customers during the commercial breaks.
Busey sold the Coquitlam Build-It Centre in 1985, and the location in Delta in 1987. His career as a radio personality continued with CJOR, until he was approached by a Canadian FM network called CKO, which would broadcast "The Build-It Show" right across Canada. However, the CKO station struggled to survive. Busey returned to CJOR until the station changed its format to rock radio.
BC Hydro PowerSmart/CKNW.
By the late 1980s, Busey was well known for his radio shows throughout most of western Canada. In 1988 BC Hydro asked Busey to become the spokesperson for their new PowerSmart program, requesting that he host a radio program encouraging the people of British Columbia to become more energy-conscious. Because they wanted province-wide exposure for the program, BC Hydro allied with CKNW in Vancouver, which had the means through their subsidiary Western Information Network (WIN) — the first privately owned satellite-based radio network in Canada. Busey made his first foray into network radio across B.C. with the BC Hydro "Home Ideas Show", a call-in home renovation program.
The "Home Ideas Show" gave Busey the opportunity to see just about every corner of B.C. when he hit the road with the PowerSmart Tour. Busey would broadcast his radio show via satellite from the small towns he visited, educating people to become more energy-conscious. After his 10-year contract with BC Hydro came to an end, Cloverdale Paint became the new sponsor for Busey's radio program, which was renamed the "Home Discovery Show".
The Home Discovery Show.
Shell Busey was replaced in early July 2011 by hosts Ian Power and Steve Seymour. The "Home Discovery Show" is more popular than ever, and is heard live on Saturday and Sunday mornings in nearly every major-market radio station in Canada between B.C. and Ontario. In the spring of 2008 Busey also created "TheHouseSmart.com Show", which airs Saturday mornings at 5 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time), focusing on the questions posed via emails that he receives on a weekly basis.
Home Check.
In 1994 BCTV asked Busey to be a regular guest on the "Saturday Morning News" program. In early 1995 Busey was offered his own home improvement series through CHEK-TV in Victoria. The first "Home Check" episode aired in September 1995. To date, 118 episodes have been taped and still air today on stations all over Canada, Japan, Holland, Germany and South Korea.
Other work.
Delta Councillor.
In 1985 Busey was approached to run for council in Delta, where he and his family lived at the time. He was elected December 2, 1985 for a two-year term, and re-elected in December 1987 for another three years.
The HouseSmart Referral Network.
Through his years of hosting his radio programs and speaking to people at different home shows across Canada, Busey had heard just about every home horror story imaginable. People often come to Busey with problems affecting their home as a result of poor workmanship, unreasonably high quotes from questionable contractors, and sometimes disasters that could have been avoided entirely with a little preventative maintenance. To provide homeowners with assurance of quality workmanship and ethical work practices, Busey created the HouseSmart Home Services Referral Network.
The HouseSmart group includes over 170 different trades, home services and home products available across Canada. Each company is put through an intense screening process to ensure that before it becomes “A Proud Member of Shell Busey’s HouseSmart Referral Network” and puts that HouseSmart decal on the side of its company vehicle, it has been approved by very stringent standards.
In 2008, Busey’s HouseSmart Referral Network, RONA and Envision Financial initiated the “Home Improvement Retail Training Program” in the Surrey School District in Surrey, B.C., a pilot project aimed at encouraging youth to enter the building supply industry.
Media and public appearances.
Busey was a guest judge on the HGTV reality show "Handyman Superstar Challenge" from 2007 to 2009.
He contributes regular columns to newspaper and magazine publications across Canada, including the "Vancouver Province" Sunday Homes, the Winnipeg Canstar Weeklies, Homebase Media’s "Renovations" magazine throughout Western Canada, "Canadian Homestead Magazine, "Cottage Magazine", "Green Home Magazine" and "Coastlines Magazine".
He also makes regular guest appearances on the Vancouver Studio 4 with Fanny Kiefer on Shaw TV and on CKNW’s Bill Good Show on the Corus Radio Network, and is also a featured guest speaker at major home shows across Western Canada.
References.
Bruce, B (2008). "Shell Busey: Behind the Buzz", "Coastlines", Vol 3, No. 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19896164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896164" title="Davie, British Columbia">
Davie, British Columbia

Davie is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia. Davie is located at Mile 50.8 of the BCR from Prince George.

</doc>
<doc id="19896174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896174" title="Momma's Boys">
Momma's Boys

"Momma's Boys" is an American reality television series on the NBC network, executive produced by Ryan Seacrest ("American Idol") and Andrew Glassman ("Average Joe"), which centers on a group of mothers who must help choose the perfect woman for their complacent sons. Ultimately, the series poses the question: "Who is really the most important woman in every man's life?"
At the beginning of the series, 32 single women are contestants seeking romance with any of three single men (firefighter/paramedic Michael Sarysz, real estate broker Robert Kluge, or college student Jojo Bojanowski). The men's mothers are brought in to live in a house with the female contestants while the sons are housed in a nearby condominium.
Throughout the series, the female contestants participate in competitions and are selected by the men for dates, with some of the contestants being eliminated at various intervals. Each woman receives a text message of "yes" if any of the men want to keep her in contention or "no" if none of them want to keep her in contention. If the men are undecided, they send a text message for the woman to meet them at the house's swimming pool, where the men have an additional opportunity to talk to her before deciding whether she should stay or go.
The men make the decisions whether each woman should stay or go, but the mothers actively seek to influence their sons as to those decisions. 
Some of the female contestants have been nude models for "Playboy" or "Penthouse", namely Erica Ellyson, Meghan Allen, Brittany Fuchs, and Stacy Fuson. Megan Albertus is an actress who appeared in film prior to her time on the show. Camilla later appeared on Bad Girls Club (season 8)
In December 2008 Luftu Murat Uckardesler sought an injunction to prevent the airing of the show for 45 days. Uckardesler has a reality show "The Perfect Bride" that is a hit in Turkey, Italy and the Middle East. Uckardesler claims a trademark on "Perfect Bride" a copyright to a "reality television format centering on mothers and sons and their attempts to find the 'Perfect Bride.'" NBC used the phrase "Perfect Bride" in its advertising for "Momma's Boy". The court did not issue the injunction.
On March 13, 2009, it was confirmed that the series had been canceled and would not be returning for a second season.
Episode summaries.
Episode 1.
There were no contestants eliminated in Episode 1.
Episode 2.
Episode 2 was two hours long and included two separate rounds of eliminations. In the first elimination round, Jessica B., Amy, Simone, Rochelle, Jamie, Donna, Natalie, and Rana Lyn were eliminated by text message. Lynette and Madeline were eliminated after being called down to the pool. Megan, Cara, and Vita were called down to the pool but kept in the competition.
Camilla, Stacy, Cara, and Brittany won a suitability challenge and were immune from elimination in the second elimination round. In the second elimination round, Vita, Callie, Mya, and Payten were eliminated by text message. Lauren, Carina, and Megan were called down to the pool, at which time Lauren was kept in the competition and Megan quit. Carina would have been eliminated but was kept in due to Megan's departure.
Episode 3.
When the episode began, a box was brought in. It contained files about each woman's personal details. In this episode's challenge Food Network chef Tyler Florence divided the women into groups to Michael, Rob, or Jojo their favorite food. Jojo's mom cried since no one chose to prepare her son's favorite food (catlase and grape leaves). The chef asked Julie to make his food, and she did. Some of the women elected to prepare their own personal favorite recipes, as Meghan and Amanda cooked a stuffed pepper dish instead; Erica made a chicken casserole. After the women prepared the meals, the sons and chef judged each of the meals. The winners were Amanda, Meghan, Julie, and Erica, who were exempted from having their files opened in this episode.
After this round, the mothers opened the files. Lorraine chose Michelle. Esther chose Lauren in order to see how good she was. Khalood chose Brittany. 
Although they went on dates with Michael in that episode, Carina and Jessica C. were both eliminated. Stacey and Cara both received a no via text message, and Cara threw a tantrum upon her exit. The next elimination was to decide the fates of Nikki, Michelle, and Brittany, and Brittany was eliminated at the pool.
Episode 4.
The episode began with a specific focus on family holiday traditions. With the assistance of a priest and a rabbi, the women were given 2 hours to prepare either a Christmas morning or a Hanukkah party along the men and their mothers. Following the festivities, Erica and Michael had their first date, followed by Jojo and Misty. During her son's date, Khalood demanded to the producers that she be taken to her son's location. When she was taken by helicopter to his date, she was distraught when she caught the pair embracing. 
The next round of the series would continue in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The men would be allowed to select two women to accompany them, and their mothers would choose one. Rob first chose Camilla and then Amanda, however, Amanda declined the invitation from Rob. Rob then picked Nikki to go with him. Esther picked Lauren to attend as well. Michael selected Erica and Meghan to go with him, and specifically rejected Michelle. Lorraine chose Amanda as her pick. Jojo refused Misty citing that she did not respect his mother, and he chose both Julie and Mindy to come with him. However, his mother, feeling that none of the women were an appropriate match for him, tore up the remaining ticket. The two remaining girls, Liz and Maisha, were therefore also eliminated.
Episode 5.
In the U.S. Virgin Islands, the men had individual dates with one of the women chosen to go. Rob and Camilla, Michael and Amanda, and Jojo and Mindy had a date. 
For the eliminations, the mothers were allowed to select the women they felt was most compatible with their son. In return, that woman would be both spared from elimination and allowed to accompany the man on the final date. Esther again chose Lauren, Lorraine selected Erica, and Khalood denied both Mindy and Julie the final date. Finally, the men were forced to eliminate one girl. Nikki, Meghan, and Julie were asked to leave.
Episode 6.
In the series finale (first believed to be a season finale), the men went on a final date. Having selected neither Julie or Mindy to attend the final date, Khalood accompanied her son instead. Rob and Lauren shared another date, and during her date with Michael, Erica revealed to both him and Lorraine her status as the 2008 Penthouse Pet of the Year. The men would then have to make a final decision, and the winning pair would receive an extended vacation. For the final selection, Rob chose Lauren over Camilla. Michael picked Amanda, and Jojo picked Mindy over his mother. In the epilogue, Rob left after one day, and without Lauren. Khalood refused counseling, and that following the expiration of her contract, Erica visited Lorraine in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19896186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896186" title="Eugen von Halácsy">
Eugen von Halácsy

Eugen von Halácsy, also known as Jenő Halácsy (1842, Vienna - 1913) was an Austrian physician and botanist of Hungarian descent.
In 1865 he obtained his medical doctorate in Vienna, and until 1896 was a general practitioner in Vienna. He is remembered for his three-volume synopsis on Greek flora called "Conspectus florae Graecae" (1900-1908). In 1912 he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Athens.
Halácsy's herbarium is preserved at the University of Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19896191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896191" title="Angusmac, British Columbia">
Angusmac, British Columbia

Angusmac is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia, at Davie Lake. Angusmac is located at Mile 56.8 of the BCR from Prince George.

</doc>
<doc id="19896207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896207" title="Our Lady of Victory Catholic School">
Our Lady of Victory Catholic School

Our Lady of Victory Catholic Secondary School, often referred to as O.L.V., is a Catholic Elementary School in Ontario, Canada. The school is administered by the Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCBSB). A new school facility was completed and officially opened in 2004. Its new facilities include a chapel, several computer equipped classrooms, and a student resource center where students can read books, complete research and get help writing papers.
The school also is home to St. Peter's Gym, the Toronto area's only co-ed boxing gym. Father Gilbert Flannigan teaches boxing lessons daily to students and community members alike. Sister Mary "One-Punch" Patterlio teaches the women.
In addition to excellent academic programs and community outreach efforts, the O.L.V. "Dragons" and "Lady Dragonettes" are consistently top performers in the Metropolitan Youth Sports Athletic Conference (My-Sac), competing with 5 boys varsity sports (basketball, baseball, hockey, curling and lacrosse) and 4 girls varsity programs (basketball, knitting, child-rearing and hockey).
The athletic programs offered by O.L.V. has been cut over the past two years, however. When the school opened in 2004, the My-Sac and all schools within the conference also offered competitive intramural programs. The thumb wrestling competition in 2006 was marred by an outbreak of hand dermatitis, which was thought to be Grover's Disease or ringworm. Several competitors from O.L.V. were affected. The subsequent parental uproar forced O.L.V. and the My-sac to reduce skin-to-skin contact through intramural competition.
Academics.
In the summer of 2008, O.L.V. was recognized for its outstanding interdisciplinary instruction by the Canadian government. The recognition came from the teachings of Deacon David Jones, whose 5th grade art class curriculum that school year was based on the works of noted artist Bob Ross, host of the American PBS television show "The Joy of Painting".
To begin the 2010-2011 school year, O.L.V. started a new program called the "interdisciplinary integrated education system," where one student from each grade level (K-8) will spend all day together in an isolated classroom learning life skills. At the end of each quarter, students will leave the program and go back to their home rooms where they will teach their newly learned skills to their classmates. New students will then come in, spend the quarter and then return once again to homeroom. Each quarter will bring new students and new life skills. For first quarter, students will learn wood carving; second quarter they will learn how to build snow caves; third quarter they will explore and practice the art of baking bread; and fourth quarter students will receive advanced training on the science of fire fighting.
O.L.V. and her students have received consistently high marks in the Canadian Academic Standardized Testing (CAST) program. CAST is a series of tests, established in 1983, administered to students in schools every two years to judge the school's performance against other schools of similar size and demographics in each province and across Canada. Schools administer the tests over the course of one week during second, fourth and sixth grade Canadian schools feature elementary schools that cover Kindergarten through 6th Grade after the infamous Jones v. Moose Jaw Community School District lawsuit of 1979. O.L.V. has outperformed the Canadian average every year the tests have been administered. The average scores across the country generally are in the 72-76% range each year for each grade. O.L.V. has had scores that have never been below 91%, and are generally in the 94-95% range. 
The year of the 91% scores was a low point for O.L.V. In 1995, students did not receive their typical preparatory instruction leading into the testing due to an acute outbreak of head lice, which caused the school to close for 3 weeks in order to contain and mitigate the problem.
Because of its success, in 2009, O.L.V. began to challenge its students by administering CAST to first, third and fifth grades. The school administration was approached by the school's PTO head, Ms. Nancy Weiss, and encouraged to push students for even greater success. "If our students are often 20% better than their counterparts around Ontario and Canada, why should we not step our game up and find out what our younger kids are all aboot," Weiss asked in front of the school board in an empassioned plea. The board agreed that if their second, fourth, and sixth graders are generally 20% greater, one should surmize that first, third, and fifth graders are at least 10% better than other kids. 
O.L.V. has had to play by the government's rules, but has done so by submitting the test scores as though they're taken by the proper students. By and large, the younger students have performed well, with scores in the 88% range over the past two school years. The Canadian Education Minister, Dr. Thaddeous Simmons, inquired after the 2010 tests about the 7% drop in scores from the year prior. O.L.V. administration assured Simmons that the discrepancy was due to a greater emphasis during the school day on a libaral arts education. Recorder concerts, hot pad weaving, and human anatomy and physiology were the "new" courses O.L.V. was offering to her students, Simmons was told. 
Testing is currently underway for 2011, and school administration has already indicated interest in backing up the tests once again, with the first test being administered during its morning 3 year old preschool.
2008 Chapel Addition.
In 2008, O.L.V. announced plans to open a new Chapel Centre named after the school's founder, the Reverend Doctor Phillip "Wally" Frankenmuth Jr. "Father Wally" as he was called started O.L.V. in 1905, running weekly worship services and Bible Studies out of the basement of his brother's butcher shop on East Front St. in Toronto. The Chapel Centre broke ground on April 1, 2008 and is expected to be completed by the Summer of 2010. The original chapel, which was part of the new 2004 school building, will then be converted into an auditorium that will be used for stage plays, school assemblies and amateur boxing matches sponsored by the school's own gym.
"Chapel Update: Summer 2009": The building structure is complete, and contractors are now working on the interior of the chapel. The project is ahead of schedule at this time.
"Chapel Update: October 2009": The interior of the chapel is now wired for electricity. Money is currently being raised by the Building Committee to hire an artist to complete a mural of O.L.V.'s school children in the entryway. A chili cook-off and talent show are in the works for around Christmas.
"Chapel Update: December 2009": The chili cook-off and talent show was quite the success, raising the needed funds to hire local artist Fredrick A. Mainsfeld to design and paint a mural of the O.L.V. school children in the entryway of the chapel. At its current rate of construction, the chapel should be completed in time for the Easter Holiday in early April.
"Chapel Update: February 2010": Fredrick A. Mainsfeld has begun working on his mural entitled "Who's down with O.L.V? Yea you know me!" featuring the school children of O.L.V. Other work on the chapel is also near-completion, meaning the Easter Holiday should be celebrated in this new space this April.
"Chapel Update: Winter 2011": The building is complete and was opened on December 21, 2010, which would have been Father Wally's birthday. The chapel opening was delayed by almost three months due to a work stoppage. Union carpenters refused to continue working on the interior after it was discovered that a pay raise that was negotiated on their part was actually to be paid out in Malaysian riggits instead of Canadian dollars. Workers agreed to receive their raises in the form of Japanese Yen, and thus immediately began work again. Christmas Mass was celebrated in the chapel at 11pm on December 24. More than 200 attended.
"Chapel Update: January 2011": The chapel celebrated its first baptism in mid-January. During the design phase of the project, the baptismal font was the subject of a number of heated discussions. Many church leaders felt that a traditional font, with a smaller footprint would be ideal. Others felt that a "submersion" font in which the person being baptised is in the font with the priest would be more ideal. Those supporters felt strongly that baptising as Jesus was baptised in the River Jordan by John the Baptist is symbolically more important. Ultimately, the River Jordan side won out, and the main aisle of the church was built as a three-foot deep channel (with a retractable cover), not unlike a lazy river at a water park. Parishioners being baptised enter the channel at the back of the church and wade through the holy water to the front of the chapel, where they're met by the priest and "dunked" in a deeper pool alongside the altar. 
"Chapel Update: Summer 2011": The Summer of 2011 proved to be a sweltering one in Ontario, and O.L.V capitalized by opening up the church during non-mass times for parishioners and community members to use the baptismal channel for recreation and to cool down. The pastoral council of the church debated the merits at their June meeting, and ultimately opened up the church beginning just in time for Canada Day (July 1). The church was generally open Monday after morning mass through Saturday prior to evening mass, save for morning mass each day. The church did ask for a free-will donation for use of the water attraction, and did charge $3 for tubes. The two month water attraction in Toronto paid off wonderfully for O.L.V. as the donations and tube rental fees paid the note still held on the installation of the baptismal font and allowed the parish to make a large financial contribution to its sister parish, St. Mary's in Arkadelphia, AK, USA. The parish also welcomed 23 new families who became familiar with O.L.V. while enjoying the new summer activity.
Rev. Dr. Phillip "Wally" Frankenmuth Jr..
Born in 1882, Phillip Frankenmuth Jr. was the son of Phillip and Jasmine Frankenmuth of London, Ontario. He was called "Wally" as a child since he shared the same name as his father (Wally was his great-grandfather's name). Wally and his brother Jonathan grew up in a small London home on the north side of the city. As a child, Wally had dreams of joining the circus, but his father discouraged any interactions with animals due to the fact that his mother was mauled by a dalmatian as a child. His mother, sensing Wally's sadness, encouraged him to join the youth choir at the family's church, St. Martin's Catholic in London. Wally not only joined the choir, but fell in love with the ministry thanks to the mentoring he received from Rev. Alexander Wright. At the young age of 11, Wally committed his life to God and decided he would become a pastor. While he father was a man of faith, this angered him slightly since he knew that the Frankenmuth name would end with the death of his sons (Jonathan refused to consider the idea of marriage after he was hurt by his first and only love, Elizabeth Pickler of Hamilton, Ontario).
After seminary, Wally was left without a job since at the time no churches in the London area were in need of a pastor. He was however contacted by the Archdiocese of Toronto and asked if he would be interested in starting a small church in the inner city of Toronto. As luck would have it, his brother owned a butcher shop nearby, which became O.L.V's first meeting house in 1905. By 1917, O.L.V. has raised enough funds from donations and charity meat sales to build their own building. O.L.V. however was closed in 1938 due to lack of attendance. The original building was sold to Verified-PaperMills and used as warehouse until 1943 when it was torn down.
Today, the O.L.V. name and Fr. Wally's legacy have been revived with the opening of the secondary school in Toronto in 2004. At the dedication ceremony, Gerald Dawson, a distant cousin of Fr. Wally, gave the opening prayer before breaking a bottle of champagne against the front doors of the school.
The Andre Racicot Athletic Complex (A-RAC).
In early 2013, O.L.V. was the recipient of a large donation from former NHL player Andre "Red Light" Racicot. Racicot played with the Montreal Canadiens for three seasons and won a Stanley Cup, but is known as one of the worst NHL players of all time (Bleacher Report - http://bleacherreport.com/articles/352652-the-top-10-worst-nhlers-of-all-time/page/5). 
Racicot relocated to the Toronto area after his career and had been following the O.L.V. Dragon and Lady Dragonette hockey teams and the Dragon hockey team. He approached the school's leadership and offered a donation that, with matching funds from the school and community, would total more than $28 million for a new athletic complex for the students athletic teams, families, and the community at large. 
The A-RAC will take the place of the current gymnasium and ice arena and will be a state-of-the-art 450,000 square meter complex. It will feature two Olympic-sized sheets of ice, two gymnasiums, a 50 meter lap pool, and a field house large enough for a football field. It will also feature an exercise facility, yoga studio, and two handball courts. 
"My lack of success in my professional career is well known. However, that I stunk out loud inspired me to help others to not be as bad as me," Racicot said in the introductory press conference. 
"The complex will also feature a child development center, which will ultimately provide a huge home-court advantage for our child rearing team," said Vanessa Shelby, assistant coach of the Lady Dragonette child rearing team. "This is a huge day for us, as our current facility has chairs that need to be re-caned and monitors that are not completely up to code." 
The community will be involved, not only in the fundraising process but in the use of the facility. "It will be open to the public, but O.L.V. families will be given first opportunity to use the space," said Racicot. "To whom much is given, much is asked," he continued. "We are expecting that of the $18 million in total cost, the O.L.V. families and the greater community will be matching my contribution...and also contributing an additional $27.5 million."
"Our children will be the big beneficiaries of this project," said O.L.V. Physical Education teacher Ophelia Payne. "Given that winter is so long here in southern Canada, we don't get the opportunity to get outside to play and to practice as much as those farther south. We feel that our teams will be more competitive and our children healthier with this addition."
Ground for the A-RAC was broken on March 15, 2013.
After reaching out to former teammates in the U.S. and Canada, Racicot was able to secure $15 million in commitments toward the project. Construction is slated to begin in early June to take advantage of the spring temperatures. 

</doc>
<doc id="19896217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896217" title="One Foot in the Groove">
One Foot in the Groove

One Foot in the Groove is an album by Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1996. It was the last release by the trio.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19896223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896223" title="Tacheeda, British Columbia">
Tacheeda, British Columbia

Tacheeda is a railway point on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19896275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896275" title="Nantucket shipbuilding">
Nantucket shipbuilding

Nantucket Forests with tall trees had disappeared from the island millennia before colonial settlement. There were no large trees on Nantucket to provide long dimension timbers for ship building or building construction and importing Live oak from southern states was essential. However, in spite of little financial incentive, seven 'large' ships were built and launched from Brant Point. Two Clipper ships were built for the Old China Trade and five whaling ships were built on Nantucket Island and they add a further chapter to the history of New England Shipbuilding and the History of whaling.
Nantucket Shipbuilding – China Trade / Whaling
Short Trees and Short Timbers.
Nantucket, Massachusetts island lies 30 miles off the southern coastline of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. In 1775, Nantucket was the largest whaling Port in the world, and the third largest port in Massachusetts. However, dominance in this most adventurous, dangerous and potentially lucrative of all maritime trades was not supported by an extensive, local, ship building industry. Early Nantucket Forests were unusual and determined the scope of indigenous and colonial wooden ship building on Nantucket Island. Nantucket island has not been home to forests of tall trees for at least 4,000 years. Continual salt spray and the absence of a rich loam soil forced an unusual dwarf morphology on trees such as oak, beech, cedar and pine. Architectural and ship building timbers of large size were not available to the early European and American colonists of Nantucket island nor to the indigenous Wampanoag who made canoes and used offshore waters, rivers and streams to hunt and fish throughout the year.
Shipbuilding at Brant Point.
By the late 17th century, the few groves of forest trees on Nantucket were gone except for small numbers of isolated oak and beech trees. These relatively few Nantucket forest trees were cut for firewood, fence posts, and short boards for diverse construction projects. Land was taken for agriculture and stock raising. Reforestation and 'tree farming' would have to wait for the 20th century. Within this historical context, it is surprising that any large ships were built on Nantucket because wood of the required dimensions would have to be imported. There was a thriving ship building industry in New Bedford, Massachusetts, a town whose prominence in whaling and maritime commerce equaled that of Nantucket. Nonetheless, two 'small' clipper ships and several whalers were built on Nantucket Island. Their circumstances provide an interesting footnote to the history of wooden ship building in New England, and the whaling trade in particular.
Brant Point on the north side of Nantucket harbor still has the sandy beach that was a good site for building large wooden ships and it is the locality for the famous Brant Point Light. This historic lighthouse has been destroyed and rebuilt 7 times since first established in 1746 and is still in operation. "Brant Point was lined with ship-yards, and there were shipways, where we took up ships for repairs. Some famous vessels we turned out – stout, oak-bowed whalers, clipper ships, and fleet Schooners that would run down to Havana and be back with a cargo of fruit in less than no time."
Confirming the Brig 'Dolphin' / America, England.
The first ship of notable size recorded as built on Nantucket at Brant Point was the Brig 'Dolphin', launched in 1723 and 30 to 40 tons weight. This 'Dolphin' is mentioned in the small exhibit about Brant Point shipbuilding in the Egan Marine Institute on Nantucket but following her history is extremely difficult. A Captain Thomas Prince, baptized on August 3, 1658, in either Hull or Scituate, Massachusetts, is recorded as Commander of the Brig 'Dolphin'. 
In several genealogical records, there is mention of a brig 'Dolphin' that saw action in the Revolutionary War for the American Navy. However, these events are more than five decades after the launch of the brig 'Dolphin' at Brant Point. The US Navy published maps and charts from a brig 'Dolphin' in 1854, but this is 131 years after the launch of the brig 'Dolphin' at Brant Point. The online edition of the Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships cannot confirm a Brig 'Dolphin' that was built at Brant Point, Nantucket in 1723, nor a fighting ship of this type and name that subsequently fought in the Continental Navy. Although, there is no 'Dolphin' in US Naval Records for the 18th century, the possibility exists that the Nantucket Brig 'Dolphin' never saw "official service" in the Continental Navy.
Records for the Royal Navy document several war ships carrying the name 'Dolphin'in the 18th and early 19th centuries, but none were built in America at any locality, Brant Point Nantucket or elsewhere.
Clipper ships.
In 1801, the 'small' clipper ship 'Mars' was built at Brant Point for the Old China Trade. Captained by Uriah Swain, 'Mars' set sail for China in 1802. "In 1800, Captain Uriah Swain (1754–1810) took the ship 'Mars' to China, initiating a direct economic relationship between Nantucket and the Far East. Trading in sealskins allowed the ship to load a cargo of Tea and other Chinese goods and souvenirs." There is a discrepancy in dates between those in the Egan Maritime Institute Exhibit and those in the timeline published by the Nantucket Historical Society. There is a trading barque Mars in several late 19th century photographs (albumen prints) in the collection of the New Bedford Whaling Museum. of New Bedford, Massachusetts, but it is unlikely this is the clipper ship built at Brant Point in 1801.
In 1803, the China clipper 'Rose' was built at Brant Point and quickly attained a reputation for speed. On her last voyage under the United States flag, the 'Rose' was captured by the British and finished her days as a dispatch ship for the Royal Navy.
Whaling ships.
'The Charles Carroll'.
In 1832, the whaler 'Charles Carroll' was built for captain and 1/32 share owner Owen Chase the first mate and survivor of the Essex tragedy. This history is confirmed by other references to Capt. Owen Chase.
The 'Nantucket'.
At 350 tons, the 'Nantucket' was the first Nantucket Island ship built of Live oak with copper fastenings. See also Quercus virginiana. Construction cost for the 'Nantucket' was $52,000 and the boss carpenter H. G. 0. Dunham came over from the Hillman Shipyard of New Bedford, Massachusetts. The Nantucket (ship)'s short life ended when she was wrecked in 1859.
The 'Lexington'.
Also built in 1838 of live oak and copper fastenings was the whaler 'Lexington' at 399 tons. She was valued at $24,000 and ended her life when wrecked in 1859. Mrs. Eliza Spenser Brock wrote a detailed and important history of a whaling voyage when she accompanied he husband, and Lexington's captain, on a Lexington whaling voyage in 1853.
The 'Joseph Starbuck'.
In 1838, Joseph Starbuck built the last whaler constructed at Brant Point and named it after himself – the 'Joseph Starbuck'.
Whaling Voyage of the "Joseph Starbuck' –
Business model.
Perhaps the highest barrier to a thriving, wooden ship building industry on Nantucket was the whaling industry business model. Nantucket had dominated the American whaling trade for many years and occupies a premier position in the History of whaling. During 1771–1775, Nantucket was the largest whaling port in the world and the third largest seaport in Massachusetts. One hundred and fifty (150) whalers were outfitted in these four years, 20,000 seamen had been employed and 30,000 bbls of Whale oil were brought to Nantucket from successful voyages, almost all of which came from Sperm Whales. Each crew member on a successful Nantucket whaling voyage was paid about $200 upon return, but often they walked away with very little cash as a large bill owed the ship's store had accumulated. Crew on unsuccessful voyages received no substantial payment, if anything. 
The most valuable whale product was, and still is, Ambergris. Used as a perfume stabilizer, ambergris derives from a secretion initiated by whale physiology when the beak of a giant squid is ingested and then severely irritates the whale's digestive system. During 1771–75, 900 lbs of Ambergris brought in $120,000, which calculates to $133.33/lb or $0.294/gram. Today raw Ambergris sells for about $10/gram and the trade is not illegal as the sperm whale expels ambergris naturally. The Profit/Loss business model required ~60 whales to be killed so that enough barrels of whale oil (~$3,000/bbl) and ambergris could be brought home to Nantucket and ensure a good profit to the ship owners.
Twilight for Nantucket whaleships.
The first American whaling ship entered the Pacific whaling grounds in the 1790s but whaling on a large scale in the Pacific Ocean had dwindled rapidly by the mid 19th century. Stocks of the large whales, particularly sperm whales, had been rapidly depleted. In 1846, a catastrophic fire burnt much of Nantucket town and destroyed the harbor.
How long could wooden hulled whaleships continue to hunt for Leviathan? The 'Wanderer', whose home port was New Bedford, Massachusetts, is a well-known example of a wooden-hulled, full-rigged whaleship that was active into the 20th century. Anchored off Cuttyhunk Island (Massachusetts) while her captain went looking for crewmen, she was dragged onto rocks and abandoned in 1924. 

</doc>
<doc id="19896321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896321" title="Little Joy">
Little Joy

Little Joy is a Brazilian/American rock supergroup formed in 2007 by Los Hermanos singer/guitarist Rodrigo Amarante, The Strokes drummer Fabrizio Moretti and Binki Shapiro. Amarante and Moretti met in 2006, at a festival in Lisbon where both their bands were performing, and the idea came up to start a new musical project unrelated to their respective bands. In 2007, with Los Hermanos on hiatus "for an undetermined amount of time", Amarante travelled to Los Angeles to collaborate with Devendra Banhart on his "Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon" album. He and Moretti met during recording breaks and talked about "anything but music." Through mutual acquaintances, they met multi-instrumentalist Binki Shapiro, who encouraged the pair to work on a few songs Moretti had begun writing. The band then moved into a house in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles to write more original music and record some demos. The band was christened "Little Joy" after a cocktail lounge not far from their house. Their eponymous debut album was recorded with the help of producer Noah Georgeson and engineer Beau Raymond, whom Amarante met during his sessions with Devendra Banhart. It was released by Rough Trade Records on November 4, 2008, and was hailed by Pitchfork Media as "one of the sweetest, most listenable, consistently enjoyable records of the season."
Their debut album was given four stars by Rolling Stone magazine and Nick Hornby voted it his favourite album of 2008.
Appearances.
On September 4, 2009, Beck announced his second Record Club covers album, "Songs of Leonard Cohen". Binki Shapiro is listed as a contributor, alongside Devendra Banhart, MGMT and Andrew Stockdale of Wolfmother.
Shapiro also appeared as Beck's "muse" in many of the videos that went along with his record, "The Information", released in October 2006.
Little Joy's song "The Next Time Around" is used in a TV commercial for the Volkswagen Passat.

</doc>
<doc id="19896329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896329" title="Webvet">
Webvet

WebVet is a website for pet health and wellness news, information and education. All content on the site is "vet-approved" and reviewed on an annual basis to ensure accuracy and timeliness. In addition to providing abstracts on a wide range of pet health topics, users can search the site for symptoms, veterinarians, breeds and pet sitters. WebVet also offers users a place for pet owners to read lifestyle and general interest articles, as well as engage with others who share their interests via blogs and "pet chat".
WebVet also offers social networking and entertainment opportunities to pet owners. For example, they hosted "Birds on Broadway,"a contest allowing owners to submit videos of their birds, which were then displayed on the site allowing visitors to vote on their favorite who then won a cash prize and promotional media opportunities. The contest was created to promote health and wellness in pet birds.
WebVet is financed by private investors, sponsorships and advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="19896330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896330" title="Carteret County News-Times">
Carteret County News-Times

The Carteret County News-Times is a newspaper based in Morehead City, North Carolina covering Carteret County.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19896345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896345" title="Uncial 0131">
Uncial 0131

Uncial 0131 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 81 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th-century. Formerly it was labeled by Wd.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Mark 7:3-4.6-8.30-8:16; 9:2.7-9, on four parchment leaves (24.5 cm by 18.5 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters. The letters are leaned in right. Breathings and accents are often very faint.
The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, without references to the Eusebian Canons, but a kind of harmony of the Gospels is given at the foot of the columns. The τιτλοι ("titles") in red stand at the top of the pages. It has music notes.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed, with a strong element of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category III.
The text is different from the Textus Receptus in 7:3.6.30.31.32.33.34.35.36.37; 8:1.2.4.5.6.7.10.12.14.16; 9:2.7.8. It has unique reading in Mark 7:33 (after κατιδιαν). According to Scrivener it is close to codices: א B D L Δ. 
History.
It is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.
The leaves of this manuscript were discovered by William White in 1857 in book of Gregory of Nazianzus. The codex came from the Athos. Since 1861 they are stored separately from this book, on the order of Henry Bradshaw.
The manuscript was examined and fully collated by F. H. A. Scrivener.
The codex is located now at the Trinity College (B VIII, 5) in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19896350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896350" title="Topsail Voice">
Topsail Voice

Topsail Voice is a community newspaper based in Hampstead, North Carolina. It has a circulation of approximately 5000. The paper is known by residents and visitors for its devotion to coverage of local news and its ground-breaking featurette "Monkey of the Week" which provided readers a glimpse into the most current trends in primate couture. Its coverage of significant local events are often reprinted by other newspapers in the state. The paper merged in March 2012 with another county newspaper, The Pender Post, and is now known as the Post & Voice.
The paper provides coverage of local news but most residents rely on the Raleigh based News & Observer or The Star-News of Wilmington for national and international news.
Awards.
North Carolina Press Association Journalism Awards.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19896358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896358" title="McLellan Marketing Group">
McLellan Marketing Group

McLellan Marketing Group, Ltd. is a United States Marketing Communications company specializing in advertising, social media, sales promotion, direct marketing and brand management consulting.
History.
McLellan Marketing Group can trace its origins back to the initial meeting of the founding partners. In 1994, Jana Erickson and Drew McLellan met while they both worked for Zimmerman, Laurent and Richardson (ZLR), based in Des Moines, Iowa. In October 1995, they left ZLR to form Erickson - McLellan. 
Their first client was Meredith Corporation.
In 2001, Erickson - McLellan was honored by the Better Business Bureau’s Integrity Award. They moved into their current headquarters location (1430 Locust Street) in downtown Des Moines, in September 2003.
Jana Erickson left the firm and sold her shares to Drew McLellan on January 1, 2004. The company was renamed McLellan Marketing Group. In January 2005, McLellan’s column on marketing and branding began to appear weekly in the Des Moines Business Record.
The company is managed by CEO Drew McLellan
Further information.
MMG
Erickson McLellan

</doc>
<doc id="19896366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896366" title="2008 Imphal bombing">
2008 Imphal bombing

In the 2008 Imphal bombings, at least 17 people were killed and more than 30 were injured on October 21, 2008. Hospital authorities said that the toll is expected to rise.
This was the second blast of such a magnitude in the Indian Seven Sisters in the month of October 2008. It also follows a season of bomb blasts around the country in 2008 that have been carried out by various factions, contributing to a precipitous domestic instability.
Attack.
The attack was a single blast triggered from a bomb rigged on to a Kinetic Luna moped in the provincial capital of Manipur. The attack occurred at the gate of Ragailong in the Imphal West District.
The attack had targeted the barracks of security personnel, as well as civilians in the area, who were gambling ahead of the Diwali holiday. Police said they suspected the headquarters of the 20th Battalion, Assam Rifles, and the Manipur police commando complex, where personnel live with their families, were the targets of the attackers.
Follow-up.
The blast came just two days after an explosion near the Manipur Chief Minister Okram Ibobi Singh's official residence in the capital.
Two days later security forces shot as many as eight militants who were said to be members of the Kangleipak Communist Party (MC). Imphal East SP, Radheshyam Singh, said: "At least three encounters took place in the two police districts of Imphal East and Imphal West on Thursday evening, during which eight militants have been killed."
The post-blast security sweep resulted in an unidentified militant being killed in an "encounter" as the 29th Assam Rifles raided Sitakhul area under Tengnoupal police in Manipur's Chandel district bordering with Myanmar following reports of militants roaming the area on October 30. As some militants opened fire at them, the military personnel were forced into the ensuing encounter. One lethod gun and three bombs were recovered from the spot as others reportedly escaped towards thick hilly area. In 2008 alone pver 310 people have been killed in coutner militant activity.
Investigation.
Police believed the bomb was to avenge the killing of at least eight rebels by security forces last month. They have suspected the separatist People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (PREPAK) to be responsible for the attack.
The residents of Ragailong and its surrounding areas demanded a judicial inquiry into the attack. There was no word indicating the demands for a probe wered heeded.
After the arrest and interrogation of the prime accused in the case, Sachindra Debbarma, it was revealed that the blast was planned at a hideout of the Assam-based National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) in Moulavibazar on July 22. Police said, besides the cadres of the Pakistan-based ISI and the Bangladesh-based DGFI, seven militant outfits of the Northeastern region attended a meeting at the hideout and chalked out the blueprint for the attack. Debbarma also claimed that militants in the region, backed by some fundamentalist groups, were spreading a fake currency net in the region and planning to destablise India. He also said that Sagam Ali, who had been arrested by BSF early in the year on the Tripura border, was sent for the same mission. Furthermore, four active mobile SIM cards, including one from Bangladesh, an amulet bearing his name, an international passport and address of a Karachi-based suspected ISI agent, were seized from Ali, a resident of Bongaigaon in Assam. This evidence led to the conclusion that he belonged to Hazrat Shah Sultan Gyasuddin Awalia and had travelled extensively to Bangladesh and Pakistan in 2007. He was remanded to judicial custody till November 20 after a court rejected his bail petition, along with that of all the other nine accused in the blasts.
Responsibility.
The following day the Kangleipak Communist Party (Military Council) (KCP (MC)) claimed responsibility for the blast saying it was a reaction to the gambling that reaches its peak during the Diwali holidays. The claim, distributed to newspaper offices in Imphal, said the explosion was triggered "in order to put an end to "lagao"," a form of gambling which it said was an "alien culture" that was adversely affecting Manipuri society. A statement said "Lagao is a form of gambling which is alien to Meitei culture and it needs to be stopped." The statement was signed by Lanheiba Meitei, a leader of the KCP (MC) faction formed out of the original KCP that was formed in 1980. Kangleipak is the historical name of Manipur which was adopted by the KCP in its attempt at the preservation of the Meitei culture, while it also demands secession of Manipur from India in order to achieve such goals.
On October 28, contradictory reports from the KCP (MC) clarified that it was not involved in attack. The information and public relation officer of the outfit, Puranthaba, did also allege that three of thir members killed at the Heingang area earlier in the month were part of the four apprehended from Dimapur just before the alleged encounter. They also denied the possibility of a relationship with the deceased Paominlan and Haokhoken, whom Imphal east commandos and troops of 39 Assam Rifles had gunned down two days after the blast.
The KCP in general has seen an increased level of activity this month as the police reported the execution of two former members. They said the KCP's Thoubal district commander, identified as 2nd lieutenant Udoi alias Nongyai or Angousana, and his female companion, Leisa of Khangabok, were executed by the outfit for their anti-party and anti-revolutionary activities.
Response.
The initial response to the attack in a highly fortified area like Ragailong, meant the CM instructed the top brass of the security services to "take up all necessary measures so that such attacks do not recur." This especially rang true with the upcoming festivals of Diwali and Ningol Chakkouba, so as to ensure both pass off peacefully. The SSP of Imphal West, L Kailun, said "apart from intensifying security vigil at all strategic locations in Imphal, the police has also started conducting a massive drive to check any abandoned vehicles." An appeal was also made to citizens to be on high alert and to notify the police if they come across any suspicious objects in market places or crowded areas.
The bigger response to the attack saw the CM calling for the sealing of the border with Myanmar, he said: "We want the centre (federal government) to fence the border, we cannot let them (PREPAK) escape after the incident." An unnamed military commander also added that "We know where militants have their camps across the border, but we can't go inside Myanmar chasing them." In addition a senior intelligence officer in the region added that "Our plan is to fence the border and step up foot patrolling along the border, otherwise it will be difficult to control the situation."
India claims that as many as 3,000 rebels, use the jungles of the Kabaw Valley in Sagaing Division, for training camps and staging areas for incurrsions into India. Although India has signed a pact with Myanmar to share intelligence, it has proven insufficient to tackle the insurgency that is said to be caused by New Delhi's plundering of the region's mineral and forest resources with little investment returning. In retaliation the rebels want to throw non-Manipuris out of the province, while seeking statehood, a demand India does not acquiesce to.
About 700 armed PREPAK rebels have carried out regular attacks in the area. According to police, the rebels were believed to have escaped across a large porous border to their camps in neighbouring Myanmar. The border with Myanmar stretches about , and security officials want the entire stretch to be barbed-wired to stop the smuggling of weapons and explosives. The entire area, home to more than 200 tribes, has been racked insurgencies virtually since India's independence.
Reactions.
Manipur Governor Gurbachand Jagat condemned the bomb blast as an act of terrorism and mindless violence. He stated that the act was targeted against the people of Manipur as a whole, and called upon all peace loving citizens to condemn such violence as an act against the people and culture of Manipur. He also condemned the perpetrators of the attack for causing injury and distress to the many innocent victims, while he also conveyed his condolences to the bereaved families who faced loss through this barbaric act.
CM Singh, along with giving the assurance of paying an ex-gratia amount to the next of kin of the deceased, gave Rs 5,000 each as an immediate relief for the injured persons who were undergoing medical treatment.
Many social and political organization were also quick to come out in condemnation of either the attack or at least the government:
On 28 October, public ire was shown against both separatists and the police. Protesters wielded placards reading "Killing innocents is not an act of revolution" and "Don’t kill innocents to show your power," amongst others. While the slogans were clearly directed at the militants, protesters also blamed the police for not paying heed to their call to crack down on gambling in the area, which was the raison d'être for the attack. Once activist said, "We have been calling upon the police for quite sometime to take steps to check gambling in the area, but no one bothered to take action." Later, upon meeting the CM to submit a memorandum a member of the delegation said: "We have demanded a judicial enquiry into the incident and have sought relief for the families of those killed and injured."

</doc>
<doc id="19896367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896367" title="Emissoras Pioneiras de Televisão">
Emissoras Pioneiras de Televisão

Emissoras Pioneiras de Televisão ("Broadcast Pioneers Television", in English) best known as EPTV, is a Brazilian affiliate of television broadcast. Now, EPTV is a Rede Globo affiliated network, and have four stations, three stations in São Paulo and one in Minas Gerais.

</doc>
<doc id="19896375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896375" title="Tideland News">
Tideland News

Tideland News is a newspaper based in Swansboro, North Carolina. It covers Swansboro and other Eastern Onslow county news as well as Western Carteret County news (Cedar Point, Cape Carteret, Emerald Isle).
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19896411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896411" title="Tryon Daily Bulletin">
Tryon Daily Bulletin

Tryon Daily Bulletin is a daily newspaper based in Tryon, North Carolina. Known as "The World’s Smallest Daily Newspaper", was established in 1928 by Seth Vining Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="19896433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896433" title="By the Numbers">
By the Numbers

By the Numbers is an album of covers performed by The Postmarks, released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19896453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896453" title="Kui (Chinese mythology)">
Kui (Chinese mythology)

Kui () is a polysemous figure in ancient Chinese mythology. Classic texts use this name for the legendary musician Kui who invented music and dancing; for the one-legged mountain demon or rain-god Kui variously said to resemble a Chinese dragon, a drum, or a monkey with a human face; and for the Kuiniu wild yak or buffalo.
Word.
While Kui 夔 originally named a mythic being, Modern Standard Chinese uses it in several other expressions. The reduplication "kuikui" 夔夔 means "awe-struck; fearful; grave" (see the "Shujing" below). The compounds "kuilong" 夔龍 (with "dragon") and "kuiwen" 夔紋 (with "pattern; design") name common motifs on Zhou Dynasty Chinese bronzes. The "chengyu" idiom "yikuiyizu" 一夔已足 (lit. one Kui already enough") means "one able person is enough for the job".
Kui is also a proper name. It is an uncommon one of the Hundred Family Surnames. Kuiguo 夔國 was a Warring States period state, located in present-day Zigui County (Hubei), that Chu annexed in 634 BCE. Kuizhou 夔州, located in present-day Fengjie County of Chongqing (Sichuan), was established in 619 CE as a Tang Dynasty prefecture.
"Kuiniu" 夔牛 or 犪牛 is an old name for the "wild ox; wild yak". The (1578 CE) Bencao Gangmu (tr. Read 1931, no. 356) entry for "maoniu" 氂牛 "wild yak", which notes medicinal uses such as yak gallstones for "convulsions and delirium", lists "kiuniu" as a synonym for "weiniu" 犩牛, "Larger than a cow. From the hills of Szechuan, weighing several thousand catties." The biological classification "Bos grunniens" (lit. "grunting ox") corresponds with the roaring "Kui" "god of rain and thunder" (see the "Shanhaijing" below).
Translating "kui" 夔 as "walrus" exemplifies a ghost word. The Wiktionary translation equivalent "1. one-legged monster, 2. walrus" was copied from the Unihan Database. However, Chinese "kui" does not mean "walrus" ("haixiang" 海象 lit. "sea elephant") and this ghost first appeared in early Chinese-English dictionaries by Robert Henry Mathews and Herbert Giles. Mathews (1931:538) translates "kui" as "A one-legged monster; a walrus; Grave, respectful", which was adapted from Giles (1912:821) "A one-legged creature; a walrus. Grave; reverential". Giles's dictionary copied this "walrus" mistake from his translation (1889:211-2) of the "Zhuangzi" (see below), "The walrus said to the centipede, 'I hop about on one leg, but not very successfully. How do you manage all these legs you have?'" He footnotes, "'Walrus' is of course an analogue. But for the one leg, the description given by a commentator of the creature mentioned in the text applies with significant exactitude."
Characters.
The modern 21-stroke Chinese character for "kui" combines five elements": "shou" "head", "zhi" "stop", "si" "6th (of 12 Earthly Branches)", "ba" "8", and "zhi" "walk slowly". These enigmatic elements were graphically simplified from the ancient Oracle bone script and Seal script pictographs for "kui" 夔 showing "a face of demon, two arms, a belly, a tail, and two feet" (Wieger 1927:255).
Excepting the top 丷 element (interpreted as "horns" on the "ye" 頁 "head"), "kui" 夔 is graphically identical with "nao" – an old variant for "nao" "macaque; rhesus monkey". The Oracle and Seal script graphs for "nao" pictured a monkey, and some Oracle graphs are interpreted as either "kui" 夔 or "nao" 夒.
The (121 CE) "Shuowen Jiezi", which was the first Chinese dictionary of characters, defines "nao" 夒 and "kui" 夔 (tr. Groot 1910:5:496).
"Kui", concludes Groot, "were thought to be a class of one-legged beasts or dragons with human countenances."
Most Chinese characters are composed of "radicals" or "significs" that suggest semantic fields and "phonetic" elements that roughly suggest pronunciation. Both these 夔 and 夒 characters are classified under their bottom "walk slowly radical", and Carr (1990:142) notes the semantic similarity with Kui being "one-legged". Only a few uncommon characters have "kui" 夔 phonetics. For instance, "kui" (with the "ox radical" 牛) in "kuiniu" 犪牛 "wild ox; wild yak", and "kui" (with the "foot radical"足) in "kuiluo" 躨跜 "writhe like a dragon".
Etymologies.
The etymology of "kui" 夔 relates with "wei" "yak; buffalo". Eberhard (1968:57-8) suggested "Kui" "mountain spirits that looked like a drum and had only one leg" was "without doubt phonetically related" to the variant name "hui" ; both were classified as "shanxiao" 山魈 "mountain demons" ("mandrill" in modern Chinese). He concludes there were two series of names for "one-legged mountain imps", "xiao" or "chao" in the southeastern languages of Yue and Yao, and "kui" or "hui" "from a more western language".
Schuessler (2007:339) connects the etymologies of the word "wei" 犩 "wild buffalo" < Late Han "ŋuɨ" and the ancient word "kui" 夔 or 犪 "a large mythical animal of various descriptions … with one foot … as strong as an ox … a large buffalo" < Late Han "guɨ" < Old Chinese *"grui" or *"gwrə". The Chinese mythical "kui" 夔 originated as a loanword from a Kam–Tai source (cf. Proto-Tai *"γwai" 'buffalo' and Sui "kwi" < "gwi" 'buffalo'), comparable with Proto-Austronesian *"kəbaw" (cf. Tagalog "kalabao", Malay "kĕrbao", and Fiji "karavau"). Chinese "wei" 犩 "wild buffalo" derives from "ultimately the same etymon as "kui"", but the source might have been a Tibeto-Burman language, compare Proto-Tibeto-Burman *"Iwaay" 'buffalo', Jinghpaw "ʼu-loi" or "ŋa-loi" ("ŋa" 'bovine'), and Burmese "kywai" < "klway".
Classical usages.
"Kui" frequently occurs in Chinese classic texts. Although some early texts are heterogeneous compositions of uncertain dates, the following discussion is presented in roughly chronological order.
Early authors agreed that the mountain dragon-demon Kui had "yizu" 一足 "one foot" but disagreed whether this also applied to Shun's music master Kui. Since the Chinese word "zu" ambiguously means "foot; leg" or "enough; sufficient; fully; as much as", "yizu" can mean "one foot; one leg" or "one is enough". "The Confucianists," explains Eberhard (1968:58), "who personified K'ui and made him into a 'master of music', detested the idea that K'ui had only one leg and they discussed it 'away'" (e.g., "Hanfeizi", "Lüshi Chunqiu", and "Xunzi" below). Instead of straightforwardly reading "Kui yi zu" 夔一足 as "Kui one foot", Confucianist revisionism (Carr 1990:143) construes it as "Kui, one [person like him was enough." There is further uncertainty whether the mythical Kui was "one footed" or "one legged". Compare the English "one-footed" words "uniped" "a creature having only one foot (or leg)" and "monopod" "a creature having only one foot (or leg); a one-legged stand".
Shujing.
The "Shujing" uses "kui" 夔 in three chapters; two authentic (ca. 10th-6th centuries BCE) chapters mention Shun's legendary Music Minister named Kui, and one forged (ca. 4th century CE) "Old Text" chapter has "kuikui" "grave; dignified".
First, the "Canon of Shun" (舜典, tr. Legge 1865:47-8) says the prehistoric ruler Shun appointed Kui as Music Minister and Long 龍 "Dragon" as Communication Minister.
The Di Shun said, 'Kui, I appoint you to be Director of Music, and to teach our sons, so that the straightforward shall yet be mild; the gentle, dignified: the strong, not tyrannical: and the impetuous, not arrogant. Poetry is the expression of earnest thought; singing is the prolonged utterance of that expression; the notes accompany that utterance, and they are harmonized themselves by the standard tubes. (In this way) the eight different kinds of musical instruments can be adjusted so that one shall not take from or interfere with another; and spirits and men are brought into harmony.' Kui said, 'I smite the (sounding-) stone, I gently strike it, and the various animals lead on one another to dance.' 
Second, "Yi and Ji" (益稷, tr. Legge 1865:87-9) elaborates the first account.
Kui said, 'When the sounding-stone is tapped or struck with force, and the lutes are strongly swept or gently touched, to accompany the singing, the progenitors (of the Di) come (to the service), the guest of Yu is in his place, and all the princes show their virtue in giving place to one another. (In the court) below (the hall) there are the flutes and hand-drums, which join in at the sound of the rattle, and cease at that of the stopper, when the organ and bells take their place. (This makes) birds and beasts fall moving. When the nine parts of the service, as arranged by the Di, have all been performed, the male and female phœnix come with their measured gambolings (into the court).' Kui said, 'Oh! when I smite the (sounding-) stone, or gently strike it, the various animals lead on one another to dance, and all the chiefs of the official departments become truly harmonious.' 
Third, "The Counsels of the Great Yu" (大禹謨, tr. Legge 1865:66) uses "kuikui" 夔夔 "grave; dignified; awestruck" to praise Shun's filial piety for his father Gusou 瞽叟 (lit. "Blind Old Man"); "with respectful service he appeared before Gu-sou, looking grave and awe-struck, till Gu also became transformed by his example. Entire sincerity moves spiritual beings."
Chunqiu and Zuozhuan.
The (ca. 6th-5th centuries BCE) "Chunqiu" and (early 4th century BCE) "Zuozhuan" use Kui as the name of a feudal state and of the legendary Music Master.
The "Chunqiu" history records that in 634 BCE (僖公26, tr. Legge 1872:198) the army of Chu destroyed Kui 夔; "In autumn, an officer of Ts'oo extinguished K'wei, and carried the viscount of K'wei back with them." Zuo's commentary notes the viscount of Kui, also written Kui 隗, was spared because the ruling families of both Chu and Kui had the same surname (see "Guoyu" below).
The "Zuozhuan" for 514 BCE (昭公28, tr. Legge1872:726-7) provides details about Kui's raven-haired wife Xuanqi 玄妻 "Dark Consort" and their swinish son Bifeng 伯封.
In ancient times the prince of Jing had a daughter, with splendid black hair and very beautiful, so that her brightness cast a light around her, and she was named 'the dark Lady'. The prince K'wei [Shun's] minister of Music, married her, and she bore to him Pih-fung, who in truth had the heart of a pig, insatiably covetous and gluttonous, quarrelsome and perverse without measure, so that men called him 'the great Pig'. 
Guoyu.
The (ca. 5th-4th centuries BCE) "Guoyu" uses "kui" 夔 as a surname and a demon name. The "Discourses of Zheng" (鄭語) discusses the origins of Chinese surnames and notes that Kui was the tribal ancestor of the Mi "ram horns" clan. Since Kui was a legendary descendent of the fire god Zhu Rong 祝融 and a member of the Mi clan, Eberhard (1968:58) explains, he was a relative to the ruling clans of Chu and Yue.
The "Discourses of Lu" (魯語下, tr. Groot 1910:5:495) records Confucius explaining three categories of "guai" "strange being; monster; demon; evil spirit", including the "Kui" who supposedly resides in the 木石 "trees and rocks".
Ki Hwan-tszĕ, a grandee of the state of Lu, caused a well to be dug, when they fetched up something like an earthen pot with a goat in it. He had Chung-ni (Confucius) interrogated about it, in these words: "I dug a well, and got a dog; tell me what this is." On which the Sage answered: "According to what I have learned, it must be a goat; for I have heard that apparitions between trees and rocks are called khwei and wang-liang, while those in the water are lung or dragons, and wang-siang, and those in the ground are called fen-yang. 
De Groot (1910:5:495) says later scholars accepted this "division of spectres into those living in mountains and forests, in the water, and in the ground", which is evidently "a folk-conception older, perhaps much older, than the time of Confucius." For instance, Wei Zhao's (3rd century CE) commentary on the "Guoyu":
Some say that the khwei have one leg. The people of Yueh (Chehkiang and northern Fuhkien) style them 繅 (sao) of the hills, which character occurs also in the form 獟 (siao). They exist in Fu-yang (about the present Hang-cheu), have a human countenance and an ape-like body, and can speak. Some say that the one-legged wang-liang are spirits (tsing) of the hills, who by imitating human voices bewilder people. (tr. Groot 1910:5:498) 
Xunzi.
The (early 3rd century BCE) Confucianist "Xunzi" mentions Kui twice. "Dispelling Obsession" (解蔽, tr. Watson 2003:136) says, "Many men have loved music, but Kui alone is honored by later ages as its master, because he concentrated upon it. Many men have loved righteousness, but Shun alone is honored by later ages as its master, because he concentrated upon it." Another chapter (成相 translation available, 夔為樂正鳥獸服) says when Kui rectified music, the wild birds and animals submitted.
Hanfeizi.
The (ca. 3rd century BCE) "Hanfeizi" (外儲說左下, tr. Groot 1910:5:497) gives two versions of Duke Ai 哀公 of Lu (r. 494-468 BCE) asking Confucius whether Kui had one leg.
The ruler Ngai of Lu asked Confucius, saying: "I have heard that there has lived in ancient times a certain Khwei with one leg; may we really believe in his one-leggedness?" Confucius answered: "No; he was no monopod; he was a choleric, perverse, ill-natured man, who raised much discontent; but he escaped being by reason of this killed by the hand of man on account of his trustworthiness, for everybody said: 'This is the only man of one piece and complete'. Thus Khwei was not one-legged, but he was a man of a piece and complete." The ruler Ngai now said: "Thus the fact is, that he was solid and complete". 
According to another reading, the ruler Ngai asked Confucius, saying: "I have heard that Khwei had one leg; does this deserve belief?" The answer was: "Khwei was a man; why should he have had no more than one leg? He had no other peculiarity but that he was versed in music". Yao said: "Khwei is of a piece and complete!" and he made him his Director of Music, and therefore princely men have described him as a man of a piece and complete, but not with one leg (tr. Groot 1910:5:497). 
Lüshi Chunqiu.
The (ca. 239 BCE) "Lüshi Chunqiu" uses "kui" 夔 several times. "Scrutinizing Hearsay" (察傳, tr. Knoblock and Riegel 2000:583) records another version of Duke Ai asking Confucius about Kui's alleged one-footedness, and it states that Kui came from the "caomang" 草莽 "thick underbrush; wilderness; wild jungle". 
As a general principle, every statement that one hears must be maturely assessed. When they have to do with human affairs, they must be tested against reason.<br> 
Duke Ai of Lu asked Confucius, "The rectifier of music, Kui, is said to have had one foot. Is that true?" <br>
Confucius answered, "Long ago, Shun wanted to use music to transmit his teachings to the whole world, so he ordered Zhong Li to select Kui from among the 'jungle' people and promote him. Shun made him rectifier of music. Kui thereupon rectified the six pitch-standards and tuned harmoniously the five tones, circulating the winds of the eight directions and thus caused the whole world to submit generally to Shun's rule. Zhong Li wanted to find more men like Kui, but Shun said, 'Music is the vital essence of Heaven and Earth and the key to success and failure. Hence, only the sage is capable of creating harmony. Harmony is the root of all music. Kui is capable of making music harmonious and thereby of making the whole world peaceful. There is only one like Kui, and that is enough. Therefore, the statement traditionally taken to mean 'Kui has one foot,' really means 'with Kui, one is enough' and foot being written the same way." 
One or two of "The Almanacs" in "Lüshi Chunqiu" mention "kui". "On the Proper Kind of Dyeing" (當染, tr. Knoblock and Riegel 2000:90) mentions a teacher named Meng Sukui 孟蘇夔: "It is not only the state that is subject to influences, for scholar-knights as well are subject to influences. Confucius studied under Lao Dan, Meng Sukui, and Jingshu." "Music of the Ancients" (古樂, tr. Knoblock and Riegel 2000:149) has two passages with "zhi" "matter; substance" that commentators read as "Kui" 夔.
When the Sovereign Yao ascended the throne he commanded Kui to create musical performances. Kui thereupon made songs in imitation of the sounds of the forests and valleys, he covered earthenware tubs with fresh hides and beat on them, and he slapped stones and hit rocks to imitate the sounds of the jade stone chimes of the Supreme Sovereign, with which he made the hundred wild beasts dance. … Shun ascended The Sovereign Shun than ordered Kui to perform "Nine Summonings," "Six Orderings," and "Six Flowers," through which he illuminated the Power of the Sovereign. 
Note that the "Lüshi Chunqiu" says Kui was music master for both Yao and Shun, instead of only Shun.
Zhuangzi.
The (ca. 3rd-2nd centuries BCE) Daoist "Zhuangzi" mentions Kui in two chapters. "Autumn Floods" (秋水, tr. Watson 1968:183) describes Kui as a one-legged creature.
The K'uei envies the millipede, the millipede envies the snake, the snake envies the wind, the wind envies the eye, and the eye envies the mind. The K'uei said to the millipede, "I have this one leg that I hop along on, though I make little progress. Now how in the world do you manage to work all those ten thousand legs of yours?" The millipede said, "You don't understand. Haven't you ever watched a man spit? He just gives a hawk and out it comes, some drops as big as pearls, some as fine as mist, raining down in a jumble of countless particles. Now all I do is put in motion the heavenly mechanism in me ‑ I'm not aware of how the thing works." 
Burton Watson glosses Kui as "A being with only one leg. Sometimes it is described as a spirit or a strange beast, sometimes as a historical personage – the Music Master K'uei."
"Mastering Life" (達生, tr. Watson 1968:203) describes Kui as a hill demon in a story about Duke Huan of Qi (r. 685-643 BCE) seeing a ghost and becoming ill. 
Duke Huan said, "But do ghosts really exist?" "Indeed they do. There is the Li on the hearth and the Chi in the stove. The heap of clutter and trash just inside the gate is where the Lei‑t'ing lives. In the northeast corner the Pei‑a and Kuei‑lung leap about, and the northwest corner is where the I‑yang lives. In the water is the Kang‑hsiang; on the hills, the Hsin; in the mountains, the K'uei; in the meadows, the P’ang‑huang; and in the marshes, the Wei‑t'o." 
Shanhaijing.
The (ca. 3rd century BCE-1st century CE) "Shanhaijing" mentions both "Kui" 夔 "a one-legged god of thunder and rain" and "kuiniu" 夔牛 "a wild yak".
The 14th chapter of the "Shanhaijing", known as "The Classic of the Great Wilderness: The East" (大荒東經, tr. Birrell 1999:162) describes the mythical "Kui" "Awestruck", and says the Yellow Emperor made a drum from its hide and a drumstick from a bone of Leishen 雷神 "Thunder God" (cf. Japanese Raijin).
In the East Sea there is Mount Flowwave, 7000 leagues onto the sea. On its summit there is an animal. Its shape is like that of an ox, it has a bright blue body, and it has no horns, and only one foot. When it comes out of the water and goes back in, there is wind and it rains, and its glare is like that of the sun and the moon, it makes a sound like thunder. Its name is Awestruck. The Yellow Emperor captured Awestruck and made a drum out of its hide. He used a bone from the Thunder beast to hit it with. The sound of the drumming was heard for 500 leagues, and so it made all beneath heaven full of dread. 
Groot (1910:5:496) infers that the in "one-legged dragon" Kui, which was "fancied to be amphibious, and to cause wind and rain", "we immediately recognize the "lung" or Dragon, China’s god of Water and Rain". Carr (1990:143) interprets this "cang" "dark green; blue" color "as a crocodile-dragon (e.g., Jiaolong) with its tail seen as 'one leg'", and cites Marcel Granet that the Kui's resemblance to a drum "is owing to drumming in music and dancing".
The account of Minshan Mountain (岷山, 崌山) in the 5th chapter of the "Shanhaijing", the "Classic of the Central Mountains" (tr. Birrell 1999:88-89) describes "kuiniu" "huge buffalo" living on two mountains near the source of the Yangtze River 長江 (lit. "long river").
Three hundred leagues further northeast is the mountain called Mount Gem. The Long River rises here and flows northeast to empty into the sea. Excellent turtles are plentiful in the Long River, and there are many alligators. Gold and jade are abundant on the summit, and on the lower slopes are quantities of white jade. The trees on the mountain are mostly plum and pear. Its animals are mostly rhinoceros, elephant, and the huge buffalo. 
A hundred and fifty leagues further east is a mountain called Mount Lair. The Long River rises here and flows east to empty into the Great Long River. The Long River contains numerous strange snakes and many force-fish. The trees on this mountain are mostly hardwood oak and holmoak, and there are many plum and catalpa trees. Its animals are mostly the huge buffalo, antelope, hoofed hare, and rhinoceros. 
The "Shanhaijing" commentary of Guo Pu describes "kuiniu" 夔牛 as a large yak found in Shu (present-day Sichuan).
Liji.
The (ca. 2nd-1st century BCE) "Liji" mentions the music master Kui in two chapters. The "Record of Music" (樂記, tr. Legge 1885:2:105) explains. "Anciently, Shun made the lute with five strings, and used it in singing the Nan Fang. Khwei was the first who composed (the pieces of) music to be employed by the feudal lords as an expression of (the royal) approbation of them." The "Confucius at Home at Ease" (仲尼燕居, tr. Legge 1885:2:275-6) has Zi-gong ask whether Kui mastered "li" "ceremony; ritual; rites".
Ze-kung crossed over the mat and replied, 'Allow me to ask whether even Khwei was ignorant (of the ceremonial usages)?' The Master said, 'Was he not one of the ancients? Yes, he was one of them. To be versed in music, we call being poorly furnished. To be versed in the usages and not versed in music, we call being one-sided. Now Khwei was noted for his acquaintance with music, and not for his acquaintance with ceremonies, and therefore his name has been transmitted with that account of him (which your question implies). But he was one of the men of antiquity'. 
Baopuzi.
Ge Hong's (320 CE) Daoist "Baopuzi" 抱樸子 mentions "kui" 夔 in an "Inner Chapter" and an "Outer Chapter". "Into Mountains: Over Streams" (登涉, tr. Ware 1966:287) warns about several demons found in hills and mountains, including Kui 夔 with the variant name "hui" 暉 'light, brightness' (or "hui" 揮 'shake; wave' in some texts), "There is another mountain power, this one in the shape of a drum, colored red, and also with only one foot. Its name is Hui." "Breadth of Learning" (尚博, tr. Sailey 1978:178) mentions two music masters, Kui 夔 and Xiang 襄 (from Qin), "Those who play the lute are many, but it is difficult to match the master of sounds of K'uei and Hsiang."
Mythic parallels.
In addition to the Kui 夔, Chinese mythology has other uniped creatures. Based on "one-legged" descriptions, Carr (1990:143) compares "kui" with "chi" "hornless dragon; mountain demon" and "hui" "snake; python". The "Shanhaijing" (tr. Birrell 1999:15, 25, 121) mentions three one-footed creatures. The "Bellow-pot" bird "which looks like an owl; it has a human face but only one foot"; the "Endsquare" bird "which looks like a crane; it has one foot, scarlet markings on a green background, and a white beak"; and
Softsharp Country lies east of the Country of Oneeye. Its people have only one hand and only one foot. Their knees turn backwards so that their foot sticks up in the air. One author states that this is Keepsharp Country, and that the single foot of the people there turns backwards because it is broken. 
Two other personages named Kui in Chinese folklore are Kui Xing 魁星 "the dwarfish god of examinations" and Zhong Kui 鍾馗 "the vanquisher of ghosts and demons".
One-footed or one-legged Kui has further parallels in comparative mythology. For instance:

</doc>
<doc id="19896473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896473" title="Wilson Daily Times">
Wilson Daily Times

The Wilson Times is a daily newspaper based in Wilson, North Carolina covering Wilson County. The newspaper is owned by Wilson Times Co. The paper began as "Zion's Landmark", established in 1867 by the pastor of the Wilson Primitive Baptist Church. In 1896 that pastor founded The Wilson Times, a weekly newspaper. In 1902 the paper began daily publication as "The Wilson Daily Times". The newspaper also offers commercial job print services, book and catalog printing, as well as ruling and bonding services. It also prints the Wilson County Phone Directory, Money Mailer, and Xpress Marketing publications. While initially occupying only a small brick corner store, the Wilson Daily Times upgraded and moved to its current, more modern facility in 1983. 
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19896504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896504" title="Old World wine">
Old World wine

Old World wine refers primarily to wine made in Europe but can also include other regions of the Mediterranean basin with long histories of winemaking such as North Africa and the Near East. The phrase is often used in contrast to "New World wine" which refers primarily to wines from New World wine regions such as the United States, Australia, South America and South Africa. The term "Old World wine" does not refer to a homogeneous style with "Old World wine regions" like Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Romania and Spain each making vastly different styles of wine even within their own borders. Rather, the term is used to describe general differences in viticulture and winemaking philosophies between the Old World regions where tradition and the role of "terroir" lead versus the New World where science and the role of the winemaker are more often emphasized. In recent times, the globalization of wine and advent of flying winemakers have lessened the distinction between the two terms with winemakers in one region being able to produce wines that can display the traits of the other region—i.e. an "Old World style" wine being produced in a New World wine region like California or Chile and vice versa.
Influences.
The two most guiding influences of Old World style winemaking are that of tradition and "terroir". The former refers to the long history of a wine region, while the latter refers to geography and the unique characteristics of a place. The centuries-old histories of many Old World wine regions have given the regions time to develop and adapt techniques that presumably best suit a particular vine growing area. These can include which grape varieties to plant, trellising methods, maximum permitted yields, as well as winemaking techniques. Over time, these traditional practices became enshrined in local regulations such as the French "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC), Italian "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC), Spanish "Denominación de Origen" (DO) and Portuguese "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) laws.
"Terroir" is often used to describe the aspects of a wine region such as soil, climate and topography that are often out of the winemaker's control. They are the unique attributes that, theoretically, make a Sangiovese based wine from Chianti taste different from a Sangiovese based wine made anywhere else in the world even if exactly the same winemaking techniques are used. While wine in the New World are often labeled based on the varietal (such as Chardonnay or Tempranillo), wines in the Old World are generally labeled based on the region or place that they come from (such as Montrachet or Ribera del Duero). This is because Old World winemakers believe that the unique "terroir"-driven characteristics of where a wine comes from plays a more distinct role in shaping the resulting wine than the grape variety itself.
Viticulture.
Viticulture in most of the Old World wine regions dates back to several hundred or even thousands of years with the Phoenicians, Greeks and Romans establishing some of the earliest vineyards. Over centuries, these Old World wine regions have developed viticultural techniques and practices adapted around their unique climates and landscapes. Many of these practices are enshrined in local wine laws and regulations such as the French "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) regulations. One distinction between an Old World vineyard and a New World vineyard is generally the high vine density and close proximity of plantings in the Old World, which were often planted years before the use of mechanical agriculture became popular. In regions such as Bordeaux, vines were often planted apart in rows that were also separated by with spacing that was sufficient for pruning and harvesting being done manually. In New World wine regions like Australia, which was quick to adopt mechanical techniques, vines were often planted apart by . While spacing between vine rows has shrunk in many Old World wine regions began adopting mechanical techniques in the late 20th century, some regions are still characterized by the high density of vines in their vineyards.
Winemaking.
Old World winemaking is often "terroir" driven with emphasis being placed on how well the wine communicates the sense of place where it originated. For example, a winemaker making a Riesling from the Mosel will often try to highlight the unique traits of the Mosel wine region (such as its slate soils) with the wine expressing those traits in the form of minerality. In the New World, emphasis is often placed on the winemaker and the techniques used to bring out the fruit flavors of a wine (a style known as "fruit driven"). New World winemakers tend to be more open to experimenting with new scientific advances (such as the use of enzymes as an additive) while the "terroir" influence of Old World winemakers will often attempt to downplay the role of the winemaker and avoid techniques that may mask or distort the expression of "terroir". Old World winemakers tend to be more open to use of wild, ambient yeast during the fermentation process as a part of the "terroir" while New World winemakers tend to favor cultured yeast strains.
Other techniques associated with Old World winemakers include higher fermentation temperatures and a period of extended maceration following fermentation where the wine can leech more phenolic compounds from the grape skins. This can create more tannic and austere wines with more layers of complexity that require longer periods of bottle aging in order to mature. In contrast, the technique of transferring the must into oak barrels during fermentation and inducing malolactic fermentation early is more commonly associated with New World wine regions and wines that are softer and mature earlier.
Regions.
European wine regions with a long history of viticulture are typically classified as "Old World". These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19896519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896519" title="Pallakae">
Pallakae

Pallakae or Pallakai (singular "pallake") was the general name given to a concubine in ancient Greece.
Status.
The status of these women was that of slaves, usually captured in war and brought back to Greece, either for the use of their captor, or to be sold. These women were allowed to be bought or sold just as any other slave in the Greek world. 
One such account of this appears with Cassandra in Aeschylus' play, where she is brought to Agamemnon's palace as a mistress. She is later killed by Clytemnestra, alongside Agamemnon himself, as she has started an affair with Aegisthus.
Social acceptability.
The pallakai were accepted as part of Greek society. In the "Oration against Neaera", Demosthenes said:We have "hetairai" for pleasure, "pallakai" for the body's daily needs and "gynaekes" for the bearing of legitimate children and for the guardianship of our houses.
Literature.
There are many examples of "pallakai" in literature and drama. 
The most lengthy is the "Oration against Neaera", in which Demosthenes is prosecuting a woman called Neaira and her husband for claiming citizen rights falsely, for her and also children she bore to her husband. This was considered a very serious crime, especially in Athens where citizenship was restricted to those with a citizen mother and father. 
The case made against her alleges that she was a "pallake" in Corinth and other cities, before coming to Athens. The defense speech however does not survive, but one such possible defense may have been that she was a mistress rather than a prostitute, which was a normal social practice. 
Another such example occurs in the text "Against The Stepmother For Poisoning", a speech by Antiphon. In this speech for the prosecution, it is alleged that a "pallake" was tricked into poisoning her master, who was to sell her to a brothel, by her master's wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19896520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896520" title="Samuel Mathews">
Samuel Mathews

Samuel Mathews (1630–1660), of Warwick County in the English Colony of Virginia, was a member of the House of Burgesses, the Governor's Council, and served as Commonwealth Governor of Virginia from 1656 until he died in office in January, 1660 ("1659 A.S."). There was no Royal Governorship at the time of the "Protectorate", and the Governor technically answered to the Cromwellian Parliament, although Royalist sentiment was prevalent in the colony of Virginia at this time. The former Royalist governor Berkeley arrived to replace him March 13, 1660.
Biography.
Samuel Mathews (Jr.) was the elder son of Samuel Mathews (Sr.) (1572-1657) and Frances Grevill West Peirsey Mathews (1590-1635). He was born at his father's plantation, Mathews Manor, later known as Denbigh, which was located on the north side of the James River at Blunt Point, the confluence of the Warwick and the James rivers in the area which later became Warwick County, Virginia (and which is now within the city limits of Newport News).
The elder Samuel Mathews was the first of the Mathews family to emigrate from England to Virginia, arriving at Jamestown by 1619. He eventually had several other land holdings, including one near Henricus and another at Old Point Comfort. Known as Colonel Mathews, the elder Samuel became one of the most prominent men in the colony. He was a member of the Governor's Council and was actively involved in conflicts with the Native Americans. In 1635, he was one of the leaders of the popular mutiny that ousted Royal Governor Sir John Harvey. Upon returning to England, the elder Mathews was eventually cleared of any charges; upon returning to Virginia, he resumed service on the Governor's Council until 1644. 
Frances Grevill was one of four women who arrived at Jamestown from Bristol, England in September 1620 aboard the ship, "Supply". She was first married to Captain Nathaniel West, brother of Thomas West, the third Lord Delaware, who had been governor of Virginia beginning in 1610. After West's death several years later, Grevill married Abraham Peirsey, a wealthy man who had purchased Sir George Yeardley's Flowerdew Hundred Plantation after his death. Peirsey died several years later. Twice widowed, but with considerable legacies, she next married Samuel Mathews. 
The younger Samuel Mathews, as an adult, was known as Lt. Colonel Samuel Mathews, reflecting his standing in the local militia. In 1652, he was named to the representative House of Burgesses, which was the lower house of the legislature, on behalf of Warwick County. In 1656, he was appointed to the upper house, the Governor's Council, and later that year, became the Commonwealth Governor of Virginia, a position held until his death in January 1660. 
His brother Francis (1632-1673) outlived him. Governor Mathews married about 1655, but little information is known about his wife, other than some sources state she was of the Cole-Digges family. They had one son, John (b. 1659 - May 1, 1706) who married Elizabeth Tavernor on March 24, 1684. John also made his home at the Denbigh Plantation in Warwick County.
Legacy.
Governor Samuel Mathews was an ancestor of Virginia's Brigadier General Thomas Mathews, who was the Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates for whom Mathews County, Virginia was named when it was formed by an Act of Assembly on May 1, 1791.
The site of Mathews Manor, located within the independent city of Newport News, Virginia, was the subject of an archeological study led by Colonial Williamsburg's Ivor Noel Hume in the 1960s, and was placed on the National Park Service's National Register of Historic Places.
Additional reading.
ANTIQUES, Dec 1966, Mathews Manor, Ivor Noel Hume, p 832.
Adventures of Purse and Person, 1607-1624/5, Revised and Edited by Virginia M Meyer (1974-1981), John Frederick Dorman, F.A.S.G. 1981-1987, Pub by Order of First Families of Virginia, 1607-1624/5, 3rd Edition, 1987, Dietz Press, Inc, Richmond, VA.
Brochure advertising Denbigh Plantation, a housing development by L B Weber of Newport News, VA. Found in the Public Library, Williamsburg, VA.
Genealogies of Virginia Families For the William & Mary College Quarterly Historical Magazine, Vol III, Gen Pub Co, Baltimore.
Biographical Directory of American Colonial and Revolutionary Governors 1607-1789, John W Raimo, Meckler Books, A Division of Microform Review, 520 Riverside Ave., Westport, CT 06880
Gone to Texas, W Wayne Rogers, Bloomington, Ill, 1978

</doc>
<doc id="19896529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896529" title="1955 LSU Tigers football team">
1955 LSU Tigers football team

The 1955 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University during the 1955 college football season. Under head coach Paul Dietzel, the Tigers had a record of 3–5–2 with an SEC record of 2–3–1. It was Dietzel's first season as head coach at LSU. 

</doc>
<doc id="19896552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896552" title="Levanga Hokkaido">
Levanga Hokkaido

Levanga Hokkaido is a Japanese professional basketball team based in the city of Sapporo on the island of Hokkaido.
The club was founded in 2006 as "Rera Kamuy Hokkaido", this name comes from the language of the Ainu, an ethnic group indigenous to Hokkaido, and means "god of the winds". The franchise changed its name twice in 2011; the first when the club's parent company was kicked out of the league due to financial woes in the season. The team ended the season with a league-backed management group and a new moniker, calling itself "Basketball Club Hokkaido". And finally, took its current name "Levanga Hokkaido", in August 2011.
The team debuted in the Japan Basketball League in the 2007-2008 season and is one of only three teams in the league not owned by a major Japanese manufacturing company.
Levanga plays its home games mainly at the Hokkaido Prefectural Sports Center and the Tsukisamu Dome, but, as the team represents the entire Hokkaido Prefecture, also plays some home-games at the "Atsubetsu Ward Gymnasium", "Otaru City Gymnasium", "Eniwa City Gymnasium", "Obihiro City Gymnasium" & "Kushiro Shitsugen no Kaze Arena".

</doc>
<doc id="19896556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896556" title="Remixes EP">
Remixes EP

Remixes EP is an EP by The Postmarks, released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19896566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896566" title="Mauritanian detainees at Guantanamo Bay">
Mauritanian detainees at Guantanamo Bay

On May 15, 2006 the United States Department of Defense acknowledged that there have been three Mauritanian captives held in Guantanamo.
The Guantanamo Bay detainment camps were opened on January 11, 2002 at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, in Cuba.
The Bush administration asserted that all captives taken in the "global war on terror" could be held there, in extrajudicial detention, without revealing their names. So far as the captive's families and friends would know, they would just disappear.
However, the Associated Press had filed a Freedom of Information Act request for the names of all the captives.
The Department of Defense filed justifications for why they should not be obliged to release the information the Associated Press requested. They justified keeping the information secret not to protect the United States "national security", but merely because they were concerned to protect the captive's privacy.
The Department of Defense exhausted their legal appeals and were forced, by a court order, to release the identities of all the Guantanamo captives.
"WTOP" reports that one of the Mauretanians held in Guantanamo was handed over to the USA by former leader Maaouya Sid'Ahmed Ould Taya.

</doc>
<doc id="19896586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896586" title="Livartzi">
Livartzi

Livartzi () is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 303 for the village and 422 for the municipal district, which includes the villages Livadi and Livartzino. Livartzi is situated at 850 m above sea level, in the southeastern foothills of Mount Erymanthos. It is 4 km southwest of Lechouri, 6 km north of Psofida and 21 km southwest of Kalavryta. It is not known when Livartzi was founded, but it existed before the Ottoman rule. In the 19th century, refugees from Mystras settled the area and the population rose to around 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19896597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896597" title="Mayea Boat &amp; Aeroplane Works">
Mayea Boat &amp; Aeroplane Works

History.
Louis T. Mayea started building boats in 1893 when he was 15 years old. In 1907 he became the Superintendent of the newly formed Detroit Launch & Power Company. The company was incorporated in Detroit, Michigan by John F. Hacker, father to the now well-known boat designer John L. Hacker. In 1908 the company roles were listed as, John F. Hacker - President, Louis T. Mayea - Vice President and Superintendent, and John L. Hacker - General Manager. The company designed and built launches, sailboats, hydroplanes and cruisers up to 60'. In 1911 The Detroit News reported that the company designed and built the fastest step bottom hydroplane in the United States named Kitty Hawk II. That same year the company also gained attention after designing and building the first successful pontoons for Russell Alger's Wright Brothers Model B plane. Frank Trenholm Coffyn used the hydroplane in 1912 to take off and land on the Hudson River, enabling him to capture aerial video of the New York skyline for the first time in history.
By September 1911 Louis T. Mayea had taken control of the company and renamed the firm to Mayea Boat Works. The new company's advertisements touted their ability to build launches, hydroplanes and cruisers up to 100'. in length. In 1916 the General Aeroplane Company commissioned Mayea Boat Works to build a line of mahogany, two-passenger, biplane flying boats. The planes were named Verville Flying Boats after their designer Alfred Verville. They were the first Michigan designed and built planes sold to the U.S. Navy. That same year the company was renamed to Mayea Boat & Aeroplane Works and relocated to Fair Haven, Michigan. 
During the Great Depression the American economy slowed as did the luxury boat business. The company was somewhat better positioned then other boat manufactures as it had remained a family run business able to survive on building a small number of custom boats. In order to stay solvent the company also began building fast custom bootleggers for local rum-runners to smuggle booze the short distant form Canada to Detroit. The outbreak of World War II helped put the company on more solid footing. Louis' sons, Louie and Herbert, produced three experimental military boats for a joint venture between Gray Marine Motors and General Motors; the 49' GM2, the 53' GM3, and a 65' troop huller named GM6. GM3 was powered with four GM 6-71 diesels making it the fastest diesel powered boat in the United States.
In 1946 the first Mayea boat branded as a Mays Craft was design and built. The company continued designing and building one-of-a-kind custom wooden boats through the years for customers such as William Andrew Fisher of Fisher Body.
Today.
Mayea Boat & Aeroplane Works is run by third and fourth generation Mayea's. Mixing new technology with tradition handed down by their fathers and grandfathers the company still designs and builds custom one-of-a-kind mahogany boats up to 60' in length. The Mayea family constructs one to two boats per year. The last boat to be built was a custom designed and built 47' mahogany runabout. It is thought to be the world’s largest custom diesel powered varnished mahogany runabout. The boats amenities include, hand wrapped ostrich skin seats, black ebony inlaid teak floors, 850 horsepower Italian Sea Tec diesels and custom fabricated stainless steel hardware.

</doc>
<doc id="19896617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896617" title="Hayyim Habshush">
Hayyim Habshush

Rabbi Hayyim Habshush (Hebrew: ר` חיים בן יויא חבשוש also Hayyim ibn Yahya Habshush) (c. 1833-1899) was a coppersmith by trade, and a noted nineteenth century historiographer of Yemenite Jewry. He also served as a guide for the Jewish-French Orientalist and traveler Joseph Halévy, “twenty three years later (in 1893), Habshush began to write up the account of Halévy’s journey, first in Hebrew, and then, at the request of Eduard Glaser, in his native language, the Judæo-Arabic dialect of Yemen.” As a prominent member of the Jewish community in Yemen, R' Habshush served as one of the principal leaders of the Dor Deah movement alongside Rabbi Yihhyah Qafahh, and Sa'id 'Arusi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19896654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896654" title="Amelia Earhart Airport">
Amelia Earhart Airport

Amelia Earhart Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located two miles (3 km) west of the central business district of Atchison, a city in Atchison County, Kansas, United States. It is named in honor of Atchison native and aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart.
Facilities and aircraft.
Amelia Earhart Airport covers an area of which contains one runway: 16/34 with a 3,000 x 48 ft (914 x 14 m) asphalt pavement.
For the 12-month period ending March 31, 2006, the airport had 16,100 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 44 per day. At that time there were 25 aircraft based at this airport:
92% single-engine and 8% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19896656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896656" title="Ogden Knights">
Ogden Knights

The Ogden Knights were a professional indoor football team that began play in the American Indoor Football Association in the 2009 season. The Knights were based in Ogden, Utah, with home games to be played at the Golden Spike Arena. While it is the first indoor football team based in Ogden, the AIFA previously had the Salt Lake City-area based Utah Saints, who only played the 2008 season before folding.
On November 23, 2008, the Knights announced their nickname, logo, and colors.
The team was forced to abort its 2010 season, but planned on returning in 2011. However, the AIFA folded before the 2011 season began and the Knights did not resume operations.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 5 || 23 || 0 ||

</doc>
<doc id="19896673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896673" title="Elbot">
Elbot

Elbot is a chatterbot created by Fred Roberts.
At the 18th Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence, held on the weekend of 11–12 October 2008, Elbot convinced three of the 12 human interrogators he was indistinguishable from human, beating the other contestants and taking the Bronze Prize.
If Elbot had convinced one other, it would have passed the 30% mark - the threshold set by Alan Turing, who devised the Turing Test in 1950 on which the Loebner Prize is based, for deciding whether a machine was capable of thinking like a human.
Conversation excerpt.
Human interrogator vs Elbot, Loebner Prize, 12 October 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19896711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896711" title="Warrior Challenge">
Warrior Challenge

Warrior Challenge was a 2003 PBS reality television series. The show, produced by WNET in association with Channel 5 in Britain, premiered May 6, 2003 and lasted four episodes.
The show involved volunteer American and British military personnel and public workers competing in historically accurate simulations of military life in the given time period. Along the way, the competitors vied in challenges. Unlike reality shows on commercial networks, there was no winner of the show; thus, no prizes were awarded.
While the show appeared to be a response to the reality craze that "Survivor" created, the show's executive producer Beth Hoppe claimed that the show's objective was to "show what modern people do when they're faced with these historic challenges."
List of episodes.
The following is a list of "Warrior Challenge" episodes:
Related programmes.
The series followed from social history documentaries on UK television based on historical reconstructions, including the 2001 series "" and "Surviving the Iron Age", a 2001 update of the original 1978 experiment in Iron Age living "Living in the Past".

</doc>
<doc id="19896713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896713" title="Gururani">
Gururani

Gururani is a surname / last name written by a small number of people from the Brahmin community of Kumaon region of the state of Uttarakhand, a northern state of India. 
Origins.
Gururanis used to write "kaushik" as their surname before the name Gururani came into existence, and there is a small tale on the origins of this surname. According to this tale, the name "Gururani" originated when the rulers of Kumaon hired highly-educated Brahmins (GURU) to provide education to the illiterate queens (RANI) of Kumaun.
Native Regions.
Gururani is a family name for Brahmin mostly found in the Indian states of Uttarakhand, Punjab, Delhi, and Uttar Pradesh.
Language.
The native language of Gururanis is Kumauni,Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="19896729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896729" title="Helisson">
Helisson

Helisson () was an ancient town in Arcadia, Greece. It was situated near the source of the river "Helisson" (present Elissonas), a tributary of the Alfeios. There was a temple of Poseidon with a statue of the god. Pausanias (2nd century AD) found the head of the statue still remaining. The town was founded by "Helisson", a son of Lycaon. The town was abandoned, along with most other cities in Arcadia, when Megalopolis was founded. The location of the town is unknown; Leake placed it near present Alonistaina and Ross placed it near Piana, both located on the eastern slope of the Mainalo mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19896762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896762" title="Augusta Municipal Airport">
Augusta Municipal Airport

Augusta Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located five miles (8 km) west of the central business district of Augusta, a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Augusta Municipal Airport covers an area of which contains one runway: 18/36 with a 4,199 x 60 ft (1,280 x 18 m) asphalt pavement.
For the 12-month period ending June 03, 2008, the airport had 36,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 99 per day. At that time there were 65 aircraft based at this airport:
85% single-engine and 15% multi-engine.
See also.
Other airports in the Wichita metro area

</doc>
<doc id="19896829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896829" title="String Lake Comfort Station">
String Lake Comfort Station

The String Lake Comfort Station is one of three similar buildings in Grand Teton National Park that were built by the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Public Works Administration to standard National Park Service plans. Built between 1934 and 1939, the String Lake station was originally located near the Jenny Lake ranger station. It is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style.
The String Lake Comfort Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990

</doc>
<doc id="19896843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896843" title="Casey, Crime Photographer (radio)">
Casey, Crime Photographer (radio)

Casey, Crime Photographer, known by a variety of titles on radio (aka Crime Photographer, Flashgun Casey, Casey, Press Photographer) was a media franchise from the 1930s to the 1960s. The character was the creation of novelist George Harmon Coxe. Casey was featured in the pulp magazine, "Black Mask", novels, comic books, radio, film, television and legitimate theatre.
Jack "Flashgun" Casey, was a crime photographer for the newspaper "The Morning Express". With the help of reporter Ann Williams (best remembered portrayed by Jan Miner, "Palmolive's" "Madge"), he solved crimes and recounted his stories to friends at the Blue Note, their favorite tavern and jazz club where the Archie Bleyer Orchestra and the Teddy Wilson Trio were featured.
Radio.
Begun as over 20 popular short stories in "Black Mask", there were films and novels before the stories were brought to radio under various names. The series aired on CBS. The radio show was sustained by the network when a sponsor could not be found. Sponsors of the show include Anchor Hocking, Toni home permanents, Toni Shampoo and Philip Morris.
Air dates.
In the period between the fourth and fifth series, the live television version was telecast.
Other media.
" "Flashgun" Casey" was featured in 21 short stories in "Black Mask", a popular pulp magazine of the time. Collections of these stories were published in anthology form as well. Coxe wrote five novels featuring Casey from the 1930s to the 1960s. Two films were produced in the 1930s. A four-part Marvel Comics tie-in to the radio show was published in the 1940s.
Television.
In 1951 the popular series moved to television:
Darrin McGavin commented, "The cast of "Crime Photographer" didn’t go down fighting. They took off for the hills. It was so bad that it was never re-run, and that’s saying something when you recall the caliber of television programs in those days."

</doc>
<doc id="19896870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896870" title="Don Rudolph">
Don Rudolph

Frederick Donald Rudolph (August 16, 1931 – September 12, 1968) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. During a six-year baseball career, the left-hander pitched from 1957 to 1964 for four different teams.
Rudolph was the Opening Day pitcher for the Washington Senators in 1963 in a 3–1 defeat by the Baltimore Orioles in a game played at District of Columbia Stadium.
Rudolph was killed in a truck accident at age 37.

</doc>
<doc id="19896950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896950" title="April Showers (2009 film)">
April Showers (2009 film)

April Showers is an American independent film inspired by the 1999 Columbine High School shooting and the days that followed. It is written and directed by Andrew Robinson, who was a senior at Columbine High School during the shootings. 
Plot.
The film opens in the aftermath of a school shooting. Several survivors have evacuated to the elementary school to wait for more survivors to arrive. A senior named Sean Ryan calls his friend Vicki at a coffee shop, who tells him that the shooter is Ben Harris, a friend of Sean's. Sean is left speechless.
The film then flashes back to the morning before the massacre. A student named Jason is being bullied and is struggling to pick up his books, but then Sean helps him. Sean reminds Jason that school is almost over and that he shouldn't let the bullying get to him. The two then go into their school, Jefferson High School; both are seniors there. It is a Monday, and Sean, his best friend Nick, and a few other students, are working on the school play. Sean learns that his friend Ben Harris, who works the lights, is absent, so Jason substitutes for him.
Later, during a lunch period, Sean talks to his math teacher, Martin Blackwell, about the crush he has on his friend, April Lauren. Mr. Blackwell tells him to let her know how he feels about her. Suddenly, the fire alarm rings, and everyone assumes that it is a senior prank. However as they leave, they hear low rumbling. Mr. Blackwell and Sean then see a group of students, running for their lives and screaming. Three gunshots are heard, and everyone immediately realizes that someone is shooting off a gun inside the school. Mr. Blackwell takes a group of students back into his classroom to hide, while Sean and Nick decide to flee with their lives, taking a panicked girl named Samantha (usually called "Sam") with them.
Meanwhile, Jason is left to fend for himself, but he does manage to make it out of the school, carrying out the body of a dead girl in the process. Mr. Blackwell eventually decides to take his group of students and flee, but as they do, the shooter shoots him in the back from behind. Mr. Blackwell tells the students to run, but one student, Jonathan, instead drags Mr. Blackwell back into the math classroom. Jonathan attempts to save his life, but after several minutes, Mr. Blackwell tells him to wait in the closet until help arrives. Sean, Nick, Sam, and a few other students including their friend Mike, stumble upon a suburban area where the injured (and dead) have evacuated. While searching for April, Sean runs into April's best friend Jessica, who tells him that the police are having people go down to the elementary school. Sean, Nick, and Mike then decide to go with him.
Meanwhile, a SWAT team enters the school through the main entrance. A single gunshot is then heard, implying that the shooter has committed suicide. While searching, the police find Jonathan, but Jonathan is shocked to learn that Mr. Blackwell has died of his wounds. Jonathan goes into hysterics and blames himself for not doing anything to save him. The film then returns to the beginning scene, where Sean learns that the shooter is Ben. Sean is shocked after learning this, but Nick takes it the hardest, refusing to believe that Ben would cause any trouble. The last group of survivors then arrives, and Sean searches frantically for April. However, a teacher, Sally Reedman, comes in and informs Sean that April is dead.
Over the course of the film, the film splits into two separate stories. Sean struggles to cope with April's death, and Jason learns that the security cameras at school captured him carrying the dead girl out, and that he is being hailed as a hero. Later, Sean learns that fourteen people, including Mr. Blackwell, April, and Ben, are dead. April's car is turned into a memorial, and a TV executive, Helen Mann, tries to help Jason cope with his dilemma by introducing him to Sam, believing she was the girl that Jason carried out, but Jason says that it wasn't her. The next night, as everyone learns Ben's motives for the shooting, Sean has a flashback about how when he was unable to tell April about his feelings for her. This flashback causing him to break a mirror, cutting his hand in the process. Sean's father later takes him home.
Meanwhile, Jason's situation spirals out of control, causing him to have a mental breakdown in the middle of a grocery store. He later reveals to Sean that he doesn't believe himself to be a hero because he feels that he is responsible for the death of Matt, a student who bullied him. Later, Nick is released from police custody after falsely being suspected of helping Ben plan the shooting. He says goodbye to Sean and he and his family move away. Meanwhile, Jason commits suicide, unable to take any more of his "fame".
At April's funeral, Jessica gives Sean April's diary. After Sally, Jessica, and Sean perform eulogies for their fallen friend, Sean goes to April's grave and starts crying, ending the film.
During the credits, the list of several school shootings from the past (including Columbine and Virginia Tech) are shown, along with the victims of the massacres. A message is then shown about how officers are now trained to set up a perimeter and move towards gunfire in a school shooting situation since Columbine.
Production.
The movie is based on the true story of Columbine High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19896971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19896971" title="Bay Head School District">
Bay Head School District

The Bay Head School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Bay Head, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 97 students and 11.7 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.3.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Students in public school for grades 9-12 attend Point Pleasant Beach High School in Point Pleasant Beach, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Point Pleasant Beach School District.
School.
Bay Head Elementary School had an enrollment of 97 students in the 2008-09 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
History.
Bay Head School was flooded in October 2012 when Superstorm Sandy hit New Jersey. First Response Disaster Restoration Specialists mobilized from Indiana to expedite the restoration process.

</doc>
<doc id="19897008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897008" title="Wellmont Theatre">
Wellmont Theatre

The Wellmont Theater is an American theater and concert venue located in Montclair, New Jersey, United States. The theater is located on the corner of Bloomfield Avenue and Seymour Street in downtown Montclair, near the border with neighboring Glen Ridge.
History.
The theatre opened in 1922 for live entertainment then switched to movies in 1929. In 2008 it completed a $3 million renovation and became a music venue booked by The Bowery Presents. The building was retrofitted with new electrical and plumbing systems. New bars in the orchestra and mezzanine were installed. In 2013, venue booking changed to Live Nation, after the theater again underwent another careful refurbishment. 
External links.
http://www.thewellmonttheater.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19897029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897029" title="Blumine Island">
Blumine Island

Blumine Island, or Oruawairua in the Māori language, is in the Marlborough Sounds in the South Island of New Zealand.
Description.
Blumine Island covers and is mostly hill country. The island is located about north of Picton. It is the site of a scenic reserve meaning anyone can visit the island. A visit by Captain James Cook left the island infested with introduced pests, which have since been eradicated through the use of helicopter poison drops, conducted by the Department of Conservation. In May 2008 the island was declared predator free and efforts began to reintroduce native species back to the island. 
During World War II, two gun emplacements were built on the island by soldiers and workmen from the Public Works Department. This was to protect a planned American Navy anchorage in the Marlborough Sounds from a feared Japanese invasion. The sites were abandoned in 1945 towards the end of the war. In 2012, walking tracks were built, connecting the island's main campsite with the emplacements.
Blumine island hosts Outward Bound and Untouched World Charitable Trust who help in the maintenance of the island.
Kiwi.
On 29 June 2010, three pairs of the rarest kiwi, rowi kiwi were released onto the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19897042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897042" title="I'll Tell the Man in the Street">
I'll Tell the Man in the Street

"I'll Tell the Man in the Street" is a song first introduced by Dennis King in the 1938 stage musical "I Married An Angel". 
The song was written by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart.
Other Recordings.
Nelson Eddy.
Nelson Eddy performed the song with additional lyrics by Bob Wright and Chet Forrest in the film version of "I Married An Angel". 
Barbra Streisand.
Barbra Streisand recorded the song for her debut solo album" The Barbra Streisand Album" in 1963. 
Kristin Chenoweth.
Kristin Chenoweth recorded the song for her 2001 solo album "Let Yourself Go". 

</doc>
<doc id="19897044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897044" title="Country Club, Denver">
Country Club, Denver

Country Club is a neighborhood of Denver, Colorado. According to the Piton Foundation, "The Country Club neighborhood is bounded by University Boulevard, Cherry Creek, Downing Street, and 8th Avenue. Two main features of the neighborhood are the Denver Country Club and Country Club Place subdivision, designed by William and Arthur Fisher, working with Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. in 1909." 
The neighborhood consists of 380 homes, making it one of Denver's smallest in number of homes. However, most of the lots and houses are large. Part of the neighborhood forms the Country Club Historic District, but the boundaries of the historic district and the neighborhood proper are not the same; the historic district is smaller and goes from 1st Ave. to 4th Ave. and from Downing St. to University Ave. At Race St. the district goes from 1st to 6th Ave.
The Denver Country Club, a private club, is located on the southern boundary of the neighborhood, along Cherry Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19897076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897076" title="WRFT">
WRFT

WRFT (91.5 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting from Franklin Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. The station is currently owned by Franklin Township Community School Corporation.
"WRFT Today".
WRFT is a viable high school radio station operating at 91.5FM . It is located in the southern part of Indianapolis in Franklin Township and is housed in Franklin Central High School. The station has 130 watts of power and covers about two-thirds of Indy. WRFT has always been operated by high school students with a general manager in charge of the overall operation. It is on the air 24 hours a day, every day of the year after going automated three years ago.
Generally, WRFT programs to serve Franklin Township and is loaded with programs and announcements pertaining to the immediate area. WRFT was the first station in the area, and one of the first in the state, to feature a regular remote broadcast during the high school football season. "The Friday Morning Sports Show," originates from a local restaurant every Friday morning from 6-7 o'clock. It's in its fifth year and highlights Township athletes, students, coaches, schools, teachers, and administrators, who are all interviewed by skilled, professional-sounding staff members. 
WRFT has participated in and sponsored major radio promotions, exactly like commercial stations. The station schedules and programs concerts, Halloween parties, dances, Holiday events, and other promotional tools designed to teach concepts of broadcasting to its staff, and to reach its audience. We promote Franklin Central athletics, and present play-by-play of football, volleyball, and basketball games.
"Achievements".
In addition, WRFT has given its student staff members tremendous and valuable experiences. Various staff members have been invited to appear at the Indy 500 track to interview track personnel, car owners, and drivers. Two years ago, WRFT covered the national election. Student reporters were stationed at both party headquarters and called in regular updated election results which were aired. During the week prior to Super Bowl XLVI, former staff members, Ellyn Fritz, Wesley Joy, Clayton Young and Christopher Lanning were invited to take part in interviewing staff, players, coaches and other professional broadcasters at Super Bowl XLVI Media Day on January 31, 2012.
Active in the community, responsive to the community's needs, and a vibrant, pro-active medium, WRFT continues to break new ground. WRFT streams football and volleyball audio play-by-play that are available world-wide. For the second time in four years, WRFT was judged by its peers to be the best high school radio station in the state of Indiana in the spring of 2011. That's a compliment to the exceptional students serving as staff and management. The award was a culmination of excellent writing skills, creative performances, and exceptional on-air presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="19897087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897087" title="Zambelli Fireworks">
Zambelli Fireworks

Zambelli Fireworks is a fireworks company based in New Castle, Pennsylvania, part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. Zambelli has produced shows that have been televised on "MSNBC Investigates", the Odyssey Network, the Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, The National Geographic Channel and the BBC. The company was founded in Naples, Italy by Antonio Zambelli in 1893. Zambelli immigrated to the United States and established "Zambelli Fireworks Manufacturing Company" in New Castle, incorporating it on August 3, 1960.
Productions.
Zambelli Fireworks is credited by the Guinness Book of World Records for shooting fireworks from the highest altitude, off the U.S. Steel Tower in Pittsburgh. They have also produced shows at Mount Rushmore, New Year's Eve at Times Square, the Las Vegas Strip, for Liberty Weekend celebrating the Statue of Liberty centennial, and annually for Thunder Over Louisville. They have also produced shows in Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Canada, Guam, Kuwait,and the Bahamas. In 2005, the Zambelli family received the Pennsylvania Association of Broadcasters Gold Medal for excellence in entertainment. On October 4, 2008, Zambelli launched fireworks from a record 17 different locations around Downtown Pittsburgh to celebrate the city's 250th anniversary. The 17 locations surpassed Zambelli's own achievements of 10 for Pittsburgh's New Years Eve 2000 show, and 13 on the Las Vegas Strip. The company produces over 2,000 shows annually, 800 of which take place during the Fourth of July holiday. Aside from its global headquarters in New Castle, Pennsylvania Zambelli Fireworks has offices in Boca Raton, Florida, Shafter, California, Frederick, Maryland, Raleigh, North Carolina, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, Denver, Colorado, Brainerd, Minnesota, and Cincinnati, Ohio.
In media.
In 2008, Zambelli was featured in the Discovery Channel series "Mythbusters". Zambelli assisted the crew in recreating a 15th century Korean hwacha, a cart that shot 200 explosive arrows. Zambelli was also the focus of a 2009 episode of National Geographic Channel's "Naked Science". In 2011 they were featured on "Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy" on History.

</doc>
<doc id="19897123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897123" title="Materum, Nigeria">
Materum, Nigeria

Materum, Nigeria is a city located in the Karim Lamido Local Government Area in Taraba State region of Nigeria, Africa. Materum has a river that runs straight through the city itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="19897161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897161" title="The Absence of the Book">
The Absence of the Book

"The Absence of the Book" is an essay by French philosopher and literary theorist Maurice Blanchot which appeared in his 1993 collection "The Infinite Conversation".

</doc>
<doc id="19897189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897189" title="Hygenic Corporation">
Hygenic Corporation

The Hygenic Corporation manufactures synthetic and natural rubber products, and is headquartered in Akron, Ohio, a municipality roughly 35 miles south of Cleveland. The company produces latex cloth for latex clothing, rubber tubing, cord and bulk sheeting. They also manufacture the Thera-Band progressive exercise system, and Biofreeze. The Hygenic Corporation was founded in 1925 by Walter P. Keith. In the last 10 years Hygenic has changed hands several times being bought and sold by private equity firms.

</doc>
<doc id="19897219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897219" title="I Soferina">
I Soferina

I soferina (Greek: , The Chauffeur Lady) is a 1964 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Giorgos Roussos, "The Last Joke" ("Το Τελευταίο Ψέμα" = "To Telefteo Psema"). The movie was released into cinemas the same as "To doloma" was released which it had the same protagonistic twin, but with a different company.
The movie acted together for the first and only time in two great star, Aliki Vougiouklaki and Maro Kontou.
Plot.
Mary is a young woman happily married to Nikos. However, her life is turned upside down when her best friend, Lilly, borrows Mary's car to pursue an extramarital fling, only to get involved in a car accident. Mary is drawn to the court, where she has to decide whether to refrain from exposing Lilly's infidelities, or sacrifice Lilly's confidentiality and save her own marriage in the process...

</doc>
<doc id="19897220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897220" title="Dyson conjecture">
Dyson conjecture

In mathematics, the Dyson conjecture is a conjecture about the constant term of certain Laurent polynomials, proved by Wilson and Gunson. Andrews generalized it to the q-Dyson conjecture, proved by Zeilberger and Bressoud and sometimes called the Zeilberger–Bressoud theorem. Macdonald generalized it further to more general root systems with the Macdonald constant term conjecture, proved by Cherednik.
Dyson conjecture.
The Dyson conjecture states that the Laurent polynomial
has constant term
The conjecture was first proved independently by and . later found a short proof, by observing that the Laurent polynomials, and therefore their constant terms, satisfy the recursion relations
The case "n" = 3 of Dyson's conjecture follows from the Dixon identity. 
Dyson's Laurent polynomial.
Dyson integral.
When all the values "a""i" are equal to β/2, the constant term in Dyson's conjecture is the value of Dyson's integral
Dyson's integral is a special case of Selberg's integral after a change of variable and has value 
which gives another proof of Dyson's conjecture in this special case.
"q"-Dyson conjecture.
is 
Here ("a";"q")"n" is the q-Pochhammer symbol.
This conjecture reduces to Dyson's conjecture for "q"=1, and was proved by .
Macdonald conjectures.
the case of the "A""n"−1 root system and Andrews's conjecture corresponding to the affine "A""n"−1 root system. Macdonald reformulated these conjectures as conjectures about the norms of Macdonald polynomials. Macdonald's conjectures were proved by using doubly affine Hecke algebras.
Macdonald's form of Dyson's conjecture for root systems of type BC is closely related to Selberg's integral.

</doc>
<doc id="19897244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897244" title="Jean Borde">
Jean Borde

Jean Andre Basile Borde was born in the former British colony island of Trinidad and is among the pioneering members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Trinidad and Tobago.
Jean Borde, a web designer, genealogist, return missionary and avid record keeper, authored two books about the history of the LDS Church in Trinidad and Tobago, named "The History of the Saints in Trinidad & Tobago". These books were first available in 1996 via crude print, then later the books were digitized into the form of CD e-books. Now they have been made freely available for reading online. These books cover the LDS Church's beginnings from 1975 up to the visit of the former President of the Church Gordon B. Hinckley. The online version of the History of the Saints is supposed to be a continuation of the original books which can generally be updated by the membership. For the past decade Jean Borde has been raising three autistic children which engrosses all of his time and so he has chosen to recluse himself from active participation in the church. Current updates on him can be seen via his own site.

</doc>
<doc id="19897248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897248" title="Cibotium barometz">
Cibotium barometz

Cibotium barometz, golden chicken fern, woolly fern, is a species of tree fern native to parts of China and to the western part of the Malay Peninsula. The fern's woolly rhizome was thought to be the inspiration for the mythical "Vegetable Lamb of Tartary".
Description and distribution.
"Cibotium barometz" is in the fern family Dicksoniaceae and is one of a small number of tree fern species that Carl Linnaeus initially placed in the fern family Polypodiaceae in his "Species Plantarum".
The plant grows only to a height of , when erect, but is often prostrate, forming colonies of plants on open forest slopes and in disturbed areas. The fronds are up to long. The sori are marginal on the pinnules.
The species is a folk medicinal herb in common use. It was thought to be the mythical Vegetable Lamb of Tartary during the Middle Ages due to the resemblance of its woolly rhizomes to a lamb. Although it is widely distributed, the plant has been extensively collected in Southeast Asia, causing the decline in the population size and number of individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="19897277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897277" title="Kui (Māori mythology)">
Kui (Māori mythology)

Kui was a chthonic demigoddess and the wife of Tuputupuwhenua in Māori mythology. They supposedly live underground and when a new house is built, a tuft of grass is offered to them.
Kui is also the name of the father of Vahi-vero and the grandfather of Rata in the Tuamotu islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19897294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897294" title="List of Supernanny episodes">
List of Supernanny episodes

"Supernanny" is a factual TV programme that originated in the United Kingdom, airing on Channel 4. The show features professional nanny Jo Frost, who devotes each episode to helping a family where the parents are struggling with their child–rearing. A U.S. version, featuring American families, aired from 2005–11 on ABC and Esquire Network.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19897317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897317" title="White Grass Dude Ranch">
White Grass Dude Ranch

The White Grass Dude Ranch is located in the White Grass Valley of Grand Teton National Park. The rustic log lodge, dining hall service building and ten cabins were built when a working ranch was converted to a dude ranch, and represented one of the first dude ranch operations in Jackson Hole. The White Grass was established in 1913 by Harold Hammond and George Tucker Bispham, who combined two adjacent ranches or each, and was converted to a dude ranch in 1919. Bispham had worked at the Bar B C before moving out on his own. The dude ranch operation continued to 1985, when the ranch was acquired by the National Park Service.
Description.
The White Grass overlooks the southern end of Jackson Hole, lying close to the southern Teton Range, just to the west. The ranch complex is organized around its central road, with the dining hall and lodge near the center and the cabins disposed to the north of the dining hall and on either side of the one lane road. Structures share a consistent rustic character, varied chiefly by a choice of green or red asphalt roll roofing. The White Grass once featured a concrete-lined swimming pool, fed by water diverted from Stewart's Draw, which also fed a pond called Lake Ingeborg after Galey's wife Inge. The cold water in the supply ditches was used to cool drinks for the dudes. 
The ranch includes the Main Cabin, with kitchen and dining hall, and which is believed to have been the original Hammond residence. Other structures include the Hammond Cabin, occupied by the Hammonds, the Bachelors' Quarters and Girls' Cabin for male and female employees, and the guest cabins.
History.
Harold Hammond was born in 1891 in Blackfoot, Idaho, arriving in Jackson Hole at the age of ten to live with his sister. In 1910 he worked for the Bureau of Reclamation at Jackson Lake Dam, then worked as a wrangler for the Bar B C. Hammond was intermittently available at the ranch, probably working at the Bar B C in 1914 and enlisting in the U.S. Army for two years from 1917. After 1919 Hammond and Bispham operated the dude ranch in earnest, doing away with most traditional ranching operations. By 1924 Bispham and Hammond sold out to the Bar B C, but continued to manage the White Grass. Hammond set up a fox farm on the ranch which sold pelts to dudes in 1925, a revenue-increasing strategy employed by several other ranches, incorporating the operation in 1927. In 1928 Hammond and Bispham bought back the operation from the Bar B C Corporation, then Bispham sold out to Hammond in December. Hammond expanded to 18 cabins by 1930, adding private baths by 1936, apparently against opposition by some long-term customers who were accustomed to privies and bath water delivered by roustabouts. The main house expanded as well.
Hammond had married Marie Ireland in 1922, but Marie died a few years later. In 1936 Hammond married dude Marion Galey, a widow who had been coming to Jackson Hole since 1919, spending her summer that in 1919 at the Bar B C, then staying at the White Grass until Christmas. Her son, Frank Galey, began working at the White Grass the year of the marriage. Harold Hammond began to suffer from ill health and died in 1939. Marion and Frank then took over the operation. With the coming of World War II the ranch suffered from a shortage of supplies and labor. Frank Galey enlisted in the military and left the ranch with caretakers. Returning in 1946 he found that the ranch had deteriorated. In partnership with Norman Mellor Galey expanded the ranch to handle 55 dudes. Galey bought out his mother and Mellors in the 1950s and in 1956 he sold the bulk of the ranch to the National Park Service for $165,000 and a life estate. In 1966 he closed the fox farm. Galey died in 1985 and the ranch became Park Service property.
The White Grass is significant along with the JY and Bar B C as one of the first dude ranching operations in Jackson Hole. After Hammond and Bispham converted it from a working ranch to a dude ranch, control passed to Hammond's son Frank Gailey who operated it until his death in 1985, the longest-active dude ranch in Jackson Hole.
Present use.
The White Grass is presently being rehabilitated to become the home for the Western Center for Historic Preservation, a National Trust for Historic Preservation project. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19897380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897380" title="National Socialist Teachers League">
National Socialist Teachers League

The National Socialist Teachers League (German: , NSLB), was established on 21 April 1929. This organization lasted until 1943. Its seat was in Bayreuth. The founder and first of the organization was Hans Schemm. Its organ was the (NS Teachers' News).
This organization saw itself as "the common effort of all persons who saw themselves as teachers or wanted to be seen as educators, independently from background or education and from the type of educational institution". Its goal was to make the National Socialist worldview and foundation of all education and especially of schooling. In order to achieve this it sought to have an effect on the political viewpoint of educators, insisting on the further development of their spirit along Nationalsocialist lines. Organized mountain excursions in places called (Exchange Camps of the Reich) were perceived as helping in this purpose. 
After the Nazi takeover of power in 1933 the Nazi Party validated the NSLB as the sole organization of teachers in the German Reich. In July 1935 the NSLB was merged with the existing organization of lecturers to form the (NSDDB) (National Socialist German University Lecturers League).

</doc>
<doc id="19897403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897403" title="Nabokov's Butterflies">
Nabokov's Butterflies

Nabokov’s Butterflies is a book edited and annotated by Brian Boyd and Robert Michael Pyle that examines and presents Vladimir Nabokov’s passion for butterflies in his literary presentation.
The book contains a chapter by Boyd discussing the literary treatment of butterflies in VN’s work labeled "Nabokov, Literature, Lepidoptera", a chapter by Pyle to assess VN’s standing as a lepidopterist ("Between Cloud and Climb") and writings of VN concerning butterflies. The latter section includes previously unpublished writings by VN, namely "Father’s Butterflies: Second Addendum to "The Gift"" (translated by Dmitri Nabokov) and "The Butterflies of Europe", notes concerning an unfinished book about the lepidoptera of Europe. The book also contains an addendum compiled by Pyle that lists butterflies described by VN and butterflies named after him.
Note.
The above book is not to be confused with "Nabokov’s Butterfly", a book (ISBN 0-7867-1452-2) by Rick Gekosi, a bibliophile, who recounts his experiences in the collection and sale of rare books.

</doc>
<doc id="19897460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897460" title="Henrietta Rae">
Henrietta Rae

Henrietta Emma Ratcliffe Rae (30 December 1859 – 26 January 1928) was a prominent English painter of the later Victorian era.
Born in Hammersmith, London, she was the youngest of seven children of a civil servant; her mother was musically talented, a former student of Felix Mendelssohn. An uncle, Charles Rae, was an artist and a student of George Cruikshank. Rae began studying art at age thirteen; she was educated at the Queen Square School of Art, Heatherley's School of Art (she was its first female pupil), and the British Museum. She reportedly had to apply to the Royal Academy schools at least five times before she was accepted — though she eventually gained a seven-year scholarship. Her teachers there included Frank Bernard Dicksee, William Powell Frith, and Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema; the last of these had the strongest influence on Rae's later work. She became a frequent exhibitor at the annual Royal Academy shows, beginning in 1881. 
She gained recognition and success early in her career, specializing in classical, allegorical, and literary subjects, often treated in a grand style and scale; her "Psyche at the Throne of Venus" (1894) measured 12 feet by 7 feet (305 by 193 cm) and contained 13 figures. Other paintings in the same classical vein include her "Ariadne" (1885), "Eurydice" (1886), "Zephyrus and Flora" (1888), "Apollo and Daphne" (1895), "Diana and Calisto" (1899), and "Hylas and the Water Nymphs" (1910) among many more. "Eurydice" won medals at exhibitions in Paris and at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago. 
Her "Elaine Guarding the Shield of Lancelot" (1885) was inspired by a Tennyson poem. She painted historical subjects, like "Sir Richard Whittington Dispensing His Charities" (1900); and portraits, often of socially prominent sitters like Lord Dufferin, whom she painted in 1901. Rae's 1891 picture of Florence Nightingale, "Miss Nightingale at Scutari (1854)", was frequently reproduced as "The Lady with the Lamp", and became probably her best-known work.
In 1884 she married fellow artist Ernest Normand; they had two children, a son (born 1886) and a daughter (1893). Henrietta Rae kept her maiden name after marriage, under which she'd already begun to establish her reputation — an unusual choice at the time. She and her husband lived in Holland Park with many other artists of the day. The Normands were "adopted as the proteges of the older artists among whom they lived. Their studio was constantly visited by Leighton, Millais, Prinsep, Watts, and others." The attention was not always welcome; in her memoirs, Rae described the sometimes overbearing attitudes and conduct of senior artists. In one case, Prinsep dipped his thumb in cobalt blue paint and marked up one of Rae's pictures; Rae gained her revenge by "accidentally" burning his hat on her stove. In 1893 the Normands moved to Upper Norwood, to a studio custom-built for them by Normand's father.
The Normands traveled to Paris in 1890 to study at the Académie Julian with Jules Joseph Lefebvre and Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant. In 1897 Rae organized an exhibition of the work of women artists for the Jubilee of Queen Victoria.
Like some other women artists of her time, Rae was a supporter of feminism and women's suffrage.

</doc>
<doc id="19897488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897488" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Yolo County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yolo County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Yolo County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19897489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897489" title="Ack Ack Handicap (Hollywood Park)">
Ack Ack Handicap (Hollywood Park)

The Ack Ack Handicap is a Grade III race for Thoroughbred horses run at Hollywood Park in June.
Open to horses aged three and up, the Ack Ack is set at a distance of 7½ furlongs and offers a purse of $100,000. It was raced on dirt since its inaugural running in 2001 until 2007 after the new synthetic Cushion Track had been installed.
The race is named for the great Ack Ack, inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1986 and the Horse of the Year in 1971, as well as ranking number 44 in the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century.
This race was run as a stake in 2001.
Records.
Speed record:

</doc>
<doc id="19897574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897574" title="HUI Gold Index">
HUI Gold Index

The NYSE Arca Gold BUGS (Basket of Unhedged Gold Stocks) Index (also known as the HUI Index) is a modified equal dollar weighted index of companies involved in gold mining. The Gold BUGS Index is listed on the NYSE Amex under the symbol "HUI". The HUI Index and Philadelphia Gold and Silver Index (PHLX: XAU) are the two most watched gold indices on the market. The main difference between them is that the HUI Index takes into account only gold mining stocks whereas the XAU Index includes both gold and silver producers. The Gold BUGS Index was designed to provide significant exposure to near term movements in gold prices by including companies that do not hedge their gold production beyond 1.5 years. The HUI Index was developed with a base value of 200.00 as of March 15, 1996. The AMEX Gold BUGS Index currently consists of 15 of the largest and most widely held public gold production companies. Since bottoming in late 2000, HUI went on to be the top-performing US stock sector of the decade, rising by about 1600%.
Index components.
Adjustments are made quarterly after the close of trading on the third Friday of March, June, September, and December so that each component stock represents its assigned weight in the index.
HUI-gold ratio.
The HUI-gold ratio is an expression which compares the relative quantities of the Amex Gold BUGS Index and the price of gold. The ratio is calculated by dividing the value of the Amex Gold BUGS Index by the price of gold.
Investors use the HUI-gold ratio to illustrate the ever-shifting relative strength of the gold stocks versus gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19897578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897578" title="Natar Ungalaaq">
Natar Ungalaaq

Natar Ungalaaq (born 1959) is a Canadian Inuit actor, filmmaker, and sculptor whose artwork is in many major collections of Inuit art worldwide. Before playing the lead roles in "" (2001) and "Ce qu'il faut pour vivre" (2008), Ungalaaq played major roles in other Canadian and American films, including "Kabloonak" (1995), "Glory & Honor" (1998) and "Frostfire" (1994). He is also producer and director of the Inuit Broadcasting Corporation.
He was the carving buddy of director Zacharias Kunuk before they sold their handmade "objets d'art" to buy their first camera gear in 1981 and start a production company based in an Inuit community that didn't even have a TV.
Natar is also a renowned carver. He began carving when he was 9 or 10 years old, using his grandfathers tools. A carving of a Sedna made of white soapstone, "Sedna with a Hairbrush 1985", is featured in the National Gallery of Canada's collection.
Awards.
Ungalaaq won the Genie Award for Best Actor at the 29th Genie Awards for his role in "Ce qu'il faut pour vivre". He also won the Jutra Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Best Actor award at the Palm Springs International Film Festival for the same performance.
In September 2009, Natar Ungalaaq was presented with an award of distinction by the Nunavut Film Development Corporation. This award recognized Natar's body of work and his contribution to Nunavut's film community.

</doc>
<doc id="19897579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897579" title="Mayra Matos">
Mayra Matos

Mayra Matos Pérez (born August 28, 1988 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican beauty pageant titleholder who held the title of Miss Teen International 2006 and Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009.
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009.
Matos represented Cabo Rojo at the Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009 pageant where she was crowned Miss Puerto Rico Universeby outgoing titleholder Ingrid Rivera with the assistance of Miss USA 2008 Crystle Stewart and Miss Dominican Republic 2008 Marianne Cruz. She also won the award for "Most Beautiful Face."
Miss Universe.
Preliminary rounds.
Matos wore a costume modeled after boxing gear during the national costume competition; the piece included a hooded robe, gloves and a championship belt bearing the Coat of arms of Puerto Rico. The outfit was known to the island's boxing tradition, which has produced more champions per capita than any other location in the world.
Final show.
Matos represented Puerto Rico at Miss Universe 2009 on August 23, 2009 in Nassau, Bahamas. She was the first of the semifinalists to be called, breaking a two year non-placement streak for Puerto Rico. She then advanced to the Top 10 and was one of the Top 5 finalists, along with Ada de la Cruz of the Dominican Republic, Rachel Finch of Australia, Stefanía Fernandez of Venezuela, and Marigona Dragusha of Kosovo. She eventually finished as 4th Runner-Up. The eventual winner was Stefanía Fernandez of Venezuela
Controversies.
After Mayra competed in Miss Universe 2009 there were rumors that the results were backwards, meaning that Matos was the true Miss Universe. In several interviews Matos stated if the rumors were true she would not accept the crown and would let Stefania Fernandez enjoy her title.
Professional life.
Matos continues to be active in the fashion industry after having launched her "Secret" campaign.
In 2013 Matos appeared in the comedy film "200 Cartas", a film about a comic book artist who travels to Puerto Rico to find a woman he met at a bar in New York City. Matos appears as Maria Sanchez, the love interest of Lin-Manuel Miranda's character Raul. The film also stars Mexican actor Jaime Camil, Puerto Rican actor and comedian Luis Raúl, and Miss Universe 1993 Dayanara Torres.

</doc>
<doc id="19897605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897605" title="LiteSQL">
LiteSQL

LiteSQL is an open-source C++ "Object Relational Mapping" persistence library for UNIXes, Mac OSX and Windows with support for SQLite3, PostgreSQL and MySQL as backends.
LiteSQL creates tables, indexes and sequences to database and upgrades schema when needed. In addition to object persistence, LiteSQL provides object relations which can be used to model basic OO building blocks (aggregation, composition, association). Objects can be selected, filtered and ordered using template- and class-based API with type checking at compile time.
The Data-Mapping is described in an xml-File.

</doc>
<doc id="19897635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897635" title="Lai Đại Hàn">
Lai Đại Hàn

The term Lai Dai Han (or sometimes Lai Daihan/Lai Tai Han) (lai Đại Hàn in Vietnamese : ; ) is a Vietnamese term for a mixed ancestry person born to a South Korean father and a Vietnamese mother (including the victims of Korean soldiers) during the Vietnam War. The term, and awareness of this legacy, was publicised in Korea in the 1990s and 2000s as Korea increasingly had investment and business contacts with Vietnam.
Lai Dai Han is a term that refers to children who are the result of consensual sex with or rape of local Vietnamese woman by Korean soldiers of Republic of Korea Armed Forces when Republic of Korea (hereafter, Korea) sent troops to the Vietnam War. Lai Dai Han have been marginalized and persecuted since South Korean troops withdrew from the Vietnam War under Paris Peace Accords, and they left behind the collapse of South Vietnam. Lai Dai Han have been treated as children of enemy forces. Vietnamese-Korean mixed children who were born after South Korea and Vietnam resumed economic exchange in 1992 are often called "new Lai Dai Han" 
Etymology.
The noun or adjective lai (chữ nôm: 𤳆) can mean any hybrid, including an animal or tree, but in this context is a scornful word, meaning "mixed blood." "Đại Hàn" (hán tự: 大韓) was the then standard Vietnamese term for South Korea (equivalent to Korean "Daehan", hangul: 대한 hanja: 大韓), though today "Hàn Quốc" (Korean "Hanguk") is more common. Since "lai" is offensive the term "lai Đại Hàn" itself does not appear in official Vietnamese sources, except in relation for example to the name of the South Korean film "Lai Đại Hàn."
At the time, Park Chung-hee’s regime of South Korea was the anticommunist national policy and promoted troops appealing sympathy as a divided nation. Ahn Sung-ki points out “since I was born a man, there was the ethos that I have to go to the battlefield once.” South Korean military sent troops to South Vietnam totaling 310,000 people forming two divisions plus one brigade. I counted 50,000 people in its heyday. In addition, the industry, civilian immigrants, and capital that has been banking on the Vietnam special procurement has also advanced. They, nearly 20,000 people, went to Vietnam in its heyday. It is said Korean military also slaughtered the Vietnamese in excess of 300,000 people in one theory and n Vietnam, some people claim to have vowed to build a monument in each village, and are not going to forget the atrocities and the existence of Lai Dai Han. They were born between the Vietnamese women and Korean men under those severe circumstances. Repatriation by civilians and migrant soldiers to South Korea reached 20% of the foreign exchange revenue of Korea in 1969 counted 100 million to 20 million a year. In addition to this repatriation, the funds that are established by the military and economic aid by the United States, as well as the aids based upon Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea became the basis for Miracle on the Han River.
Vietnamese-Korean mixed children.
The fathers include both members of the South Korean military and Korean workers who were stationed in Vietnam during the War. The children were usually abandoned by their fathers.
The Viet Cong registered a complaint during the war that South Koreans were abducting and raping large numbers of Vietnamese women.
Causes and the number of Lai Dai Han.
The exact number of Lai Daihan is unknown. According to Busan Ilbo, there are at least 5,000 and as many as 30,000. According to Maeil Business, there are 1,000 at most. According to Park Oh-soon, the number of Korean-Vietnamese fathered not by Korean soldiers but by Korean workers stationed in Vietnam during the War is probably 10,000. The causes of the Lai Daihan problem include, rape, and the desertion of the children.
It’s been reported that 1,500 (Asahi Shimbun · May 2, 1995), Two thousand (:jp: 野村進), Minimum five thousand (Busan Ilbo), 7,000, 1 million or more（:jp:名越二荒之助, Maximum 30,000 people (Busan Ilbo). He or she does not have a memory of his or her father, and can’t speak Korean. Only the photos are the memories that are left for them. There are also claims that they are intended to hide as Vietnamese-Korean mixed children. There is also criticism that the number of Vietnamese-Korean mixed children is swollen because aid organizations supported before accurate research was done. Several things have been said about the allegations that Korean soldiers raped Vietnamese women, and civilians and soldiers who married Vietnamese women then irresponsibly returned to Korea throwing away his wife and children. also, there is the opinion that since there are so many beautiful Vietnamese, most women were forced to be comfort women. (Non-management prostitution) 
But according to the broadcast that was released by The National Liberation Front for South Vietnam (Viet Cong), it is a fact that the assaults to women and children in Vietnam, massacre, and torture by Korean military were reported every day. A common point to the testimony of survivors of assault and massacre by South Korean troops everywhere are listed rape of Vietnamese women.
As it entered into the maintenance phase of security after the end of war or combat, the Korean military finally tried to discipline their soldiers' behavior. Soldiers who joined Capital Mechanized Infantry Division (Republic of Korea), 2nd Marine Division (Republic of Korea), 9th Infantry Division (Republic of Korea) and so on were frequently court-martialed because of the rape of Vietnamese women in villages.。On the other hand, it supposed that, because Korean soldiers returned home without taking care of both their wife and child in Vietnam, Military headquarters also forced those soldiers to re-deploy to Vietnam and to get married. There is no compensation from South Korea yet.

</doc>
<doc id="19897661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897661" title="Alan Kogosowski">
Alan Kogosowski

Alan Kogosowski (born 22 December 1952) is an Australian classical pianist.
Biography.
Abraham (Alan) Kogosowski was born in Melbourne on 22 December 1952 to Hanna and Izio (Izzy) Kogosowski. From the age of six he played the piano for ten hours a day. He won a number of competitions and prizes, including the Australian television talent quest "BP Showcase". He made his first tour at age thirteen, including a performance on The Ed Sullivan Show in New York.
Kogosowski studied with Roy Shepherd at the Melbourne University Conservatorium of Music and he was awarded a Churchill Fellowship, being the youngest person ever to receive this award. This enabled him to study in Paris at the École Normale de Musique, where his teacher was Blanche Bascourret de Guéraldi, a former student of Alfred Cortot. He then studied in London with Peter Katin and Michel Block, achieving a Licentiate from the Royal College of Music. He had further studies in Warsaw. His New York and London debuts, at Lincoln Center and the Wigmore Hall, were enthusiastically received.
At the age of 21, shortly after returning to Australia, he was involved in a car accident, breaking the bones of his right hand; there were fears he could even lose the hand. It was saved through the skill of Dr Frank Ham, a Melbourne plastic surgeon. He was able to return to the concert stage after only a few months, playing Ravel's Concerto for the Left Hand, with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra under Leonard Dommett. After 18 months he had regained full use of the right hand.
Kogosowski has developed a method of helping people afflicted with carpal tunnel syndrome. After many years of study of the anatomical aspects of piano technique, he has adapted his knowledge of the positioning of the hands and posture at the keyboard to the prevention and remedy of this condition. He has also designed a computer keyboard and mouse that encourage hands and fingers to droop in a natural curved pose over the workstation instead of stretched flat in a tension-producing deportment. He also published a book on the subject, "How to Prevent RSI: a pianist's perspective for everyone".
Chopin.
Alan Kogosowski has a special affinity with Frédéric Chopin:
He conceived and for ten years hosted a series of musical evenings in London, known as "Schubertiades at Sotheby's", with guest artists from all over the world. Members of the British Royal Family including Diana, Princess of Wales and the Queen Mother often attended, and he performed on many occasions for them after he became friends with Princess Diana.
In 2001 he became Artistic Advisor to the Palm Beach Symphony in Florida, which he has conducted on various occasions.
Kogosowski has orchestrated Sergei Rachmaninoff's Piano Trio in D minor ("Trio élégiaque"), Op. 9, as a piano concerto, called "Concerto Élégiaque in D minor", Op. 9b. This has also been recorded by Neeme Järvi and the Detroit Symphony, with Kogosowski as soloist. The recording, on the Chandos label, was named Best Recording of the Year in 1994 by the American Record Guide.
Honours.
In 1999, Alan Kogosowski was honored by the Polish branch of the Order of the Knights of Malta with a special decoration in recognition of his many all-Chopin recitals in London, and series of Chopin concerts to raise funds for medicines to be sent to Poland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19897668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897668" title="Aspidistra (transmitter)">
Aspidistra (transmitter)

Aspidistra was a British mediumwave radio transmitter used for black propaganda and military deception purposes against Nazi Germany during World War II. At one time, it was the most powerful broadcast transmitter in the world. Its name - after the popular foliage houseplant - was inspired by the comic song "The Biggest Aspidistra in the World", best known as sung by Gracie Fields.
The transmitter was installed in 1942 at a purpose-built site near Crowborough in southeast England. This was equipped with other mediumwave and shortwave transmitters, which also used the Aspidistra name, being known as ASPI 2, ASPI 3, ASPI 4, etc. However, when the name "Aspidistra" was used on its own it always referred to the original mediumwave transmitter (ASPI 1).
After the war, "Aspidistra" and other transmitters at Crowborough were used for BBC External Service broadcasts to Europe. The station closed in 1982.
Equipment and location.
"Aspidistra" broadcast on mediumwave AM with 600 kW of power. The transmitter (originally 500 kW) had been built by RCA for WJZ radio in Newark, New Jersey. But at the prompting of Congress spurred on by competition, the Federal Communications Commission later imposed a 50-kW power limit on all US stations. RCA was therefore glad to sell it overseas and the British Secret Service bought it for £165,000. 
In addition to its high power, "Aspidistra" could be re-tuned quickly to a new frequency (position on the dial). This was of great use in its secret wartime work and was unusual for a mediumwave transmitter, as they generally operate on a fixed frequency throughout their working life.
Its antenna was three guyed masts, each tall. The 1940s Art Deco style transmitter building was in an underground shelter which had been excavated by a Canadian army construction unit. Power for the transmitter was supplied from a single large Crossley-Premier 16 cylinder heavy oil engine.
The facility was at King's Standing, Maresfield, in the Ashdown Forest, near Crowborough, Sussex.
Alongside the original "Aspidistra", other mediumwave and shortwave transmitters were installed over the years. These included two Doherty 250 kW mediumwave units, whose outputs could be combined to give 500 kW on a single frequency.
Two 100 kW shortwave transmitters made by General Electric (USA) operated at the Crowborough site from 1943 until the 1980s.
Wartime operations.
"Aspidistra" went into service on 8 November 1942, and was in operation throughout the remainder of the war.
Impersonation.
Starting in 1943, "Aspidistra" was used to disrupt German nightfighter operations against Allied bombers over Germany. 
German radar stations broadcast the movements of the bomber streams en route to targets during RAF Bomber Command's Battle of Berlin. As part of their strategies to misdirect the German fighters, German-speaking RAF operators impersonated these German ground control operators, sending fake instructions to the nightfighters. They directed the nightfighters to land or to move to the wrong sectors. This interference to enemy RT and WT was known as "Dartboard" As German operational procedures changed to prevent impersonation so the British copied them, bringing in WAAFs when the Germans used female operators.
Black propaganda.
"Aspidistra" was also used for black propaganda operations, in which the propaganda material is issued from a disguised source. These activities were under the Political Warfare Executive, and directed by Sefton Delmer.
In particular, "Aspidistra" aired the broadcasts of "Atlantiksender" and "Soldatensender Calais", which posed as official German military radio stations in France.
Intrusion operations.
During Allied air raids, German radio transmitters in target areas were switched off to prevent their use as navigational aids by the enemy. However, such transmitters were very often connected into a network, and broadcast the same content as other transmitters which were not switched off.
When a targeted transmitter switched off, "Aspidistra" began transmitting on its frequency, initially retransmitting the German network broadcast as received from an active station. This would cause German listeners to believe the original station was still broadcasting. "Aspidistra" operators would then insert demoralizing false content and pro-Allied propaganda into the broadcast. This content was considered especially effective, as it appeared to be coming from official German sources.
These intrusion operations were an early example of a "man in the middle attack".
The first such intrusion was carried out on 25 March 1945. On 30 March 1945 "Aspidistra" intruded on the Berlin and Hamburg stations, warning that the Allies were trying to spread confusion by sending false telephone messages from occupied towns to unoccupied towns. On 8 April 1945 "Aspidistra" intruded on the Hamburg and Leipzig stations to warn of forged banknotes in circulation. On 9 April 1945 there were announcements encouraging people to evacuate to seven bomb-free zones in central and southern Germany. All these announcements were false.
German radio stations tried announcing "The enemy is broadcasting counterfeit instructions on our frequencies. Do not be misled by them. Here is an official announcement of the Reich authority." However, "Aspidistra" broadcasts included similar announcements, leaving the listeners confused.
Post-war operations.
Although mainly intended for the military and propaganda transmissions described above, "Aspidistra" was also used during the war for some BBC broadcasts to Europe. After 1945, "Aspidistra" was used exclusively by the BBC. Frequencies used included 1122 kHz (1945-1950), 1340 kHz (1950-1962), 809 kHz (until 1978), 1295 kHz (1962-1978) and 1088 kHz (1972-1978). After reorganisation of the mediumwave band in 1978, the frequencies used were 648 and 1296 kHz.
From 1978, there was a phased transfer of "Aspidistra's" broadcasts to a new Foreign Office transmitting station at Orfordness on the Suffolk coast, which was better placed than Crowborough, which is inland.
Despite its exclusive post-war use by the BBC, the Crowborough station remained formally in the hands of the Foreign Office (from 1968, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, FCO), and its staff were members of the Diplomatic Wireless Service (later known as the FCO's Communications Department and then the Communications Engineering Department) rather than the BBC.
Closure and fate.
"Aspidistra" made its final transmission on 28 September 1982, the honour of pressing the "off" key for the last time going to Harold Robin, the Foreign Office engineer who had been responsible 40 years earlier for purchasing the transmitter in the USA and setting up the station at Crowborough. 
The station was dismantled in 1984. Two years later, following extensive modifications, the bunker that housed the "Aspidistra" transmitter was commissioned by the Home Office as one of the 17 sites in England and Wales to be used as seats of regional government in the event of a nuclear attack.
From 1988, Sussex Police used parts of the site, purchasing all of it in 1996 for use as a training facility.
In 2007, Building No. 3 (known as "the cinema" because of its design similarities with pre-war Art Deco cinemas), which had once housed ASPI 3 and ASPI 6, was designated a Grade II listed structure because of its historic and architectural interest. The designation notes that it is "a remarkably intact and unaltered building through which one can understand its function as an early 1940s transmitter hall".
A reported offer to donate the "Aspidistra" transmitter to London's Science Museum was not taken up and it was scrapped. A number of valves (tubes) and a large tuning coil were saved by FCO engineers and are now on display in the foyer of the Orfordness station. A notice there says:

</doc>
<doc id="19897670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897670" title="Dwayne Sweeney">
Dwayne Sweeney

Dwayne Sweeney (born 8 August 1984) is a New Zealand rugby union player who played for the Waikato Chiefs in the Super Rugby competition and Waikato in the Air New Zealand Cup. He is able to play at fullback, in the midfield and is also an accurate goal kicker.
Career.
Sweeney was a member of the Chiefs Wider Training Group in 2006 and was then selected in the squad for 2007 and 2008. He impressed at provincial level in 2006 for the inaugural Air New Zealand Cup 2006 champions Waikato. In 2008 he was selected for the NZ Maori rugby team and made his debut at the 2007 Churchill Cup tournament in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19897672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897672" title="Merrymount (Quincy, Massachusetts)">
Merrymount (Quincy, Massachusetts)

Merrymount is a primarily residential neighborhood of Quincy, Massachusetts, located between the neighborhoods of Quincy Center and Adams Shore. Although it was the site of Quincy's initial settlement, Merrymount was not substantially developed for residential use until the first half of the 20th century, and most of the neighborhood's houses date from that period.
History.
Merrymount takes its name from the colony of Mare Mount, also known as Merry Mount or Merrymount. Colonist Thomas Morton wrote that the natives called the area "Pasonagessit" and that the inhabitants translated this to "ma-re mount". The colony, established in 1625, was officially named Mount Wollaston by the Puritan separatists, but as Morton and other non-Puritans gained influence in the area, the name Merry Mount gained common use. In 1627, Morton and others erected a Maypole and conducted a May Day Revel, inviting both colonists and natives. This was the inspiration for the Nathaniel Hawthorne short story "The Maypole of Merry Mount". The Puritan Separatists at Plymouth were scandalized and made concerted efforts to repress Morton and what they considered to be his pagan leanings. Finally, in 1630, with the arrival of Governor Winthrop and 900 more Puritans to what would become Boston, the combined Puritans were able to arrest and deport Morton, and the colony of Mount Wollaston/Merrymount was officially dissolved. 
The land of the former colony was absorbed by Boston in 1634, then six years later made part of Braintree. The land was eventually sold to an ancestor of Abigail Adams, and came to be owned by the Adams family. Prior to this point, the Merrymount area had been home to a substantial Native American population. In 1792, Braintree was divided into several smaller towns, and much of what was once Mount Wollaston was incorporated as the new town of Quincy.
The area that is now Merrymount remained in the Adams' possession until the early 20th century, at which point it was sold off as housing lots. Development consisted mainly of single-family houses and was largely completed by the post-World War II era. A contemporary account from that period describes Merrymount as "the nicest section of Quincy."
Today.
Merrymount, as it is currently recognized, is bordered to the north by Quincy Bay, to the west by Black's Creek, to the south by Quincy Center, and to the east by Adams Shore. Landmarks include the Mount Wollaston Cemetery and Merrymount Elementary School.
External links.
Woodbury, C. L. "Genealogical Sketches ..." (1904) J. B. Clarke Company, "The Maypole in New England", (pg 50 via archive.org)

</doc>
<doc id="19897683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897683" title="1991 LSU Tigers football team">
1991 LSU Tigers football team

The 1991 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University for the 1991 college football season. Under head coach Curley Hallman, the Tigers had a record of 5–6 with an SEC record of 3–4. It was Curley Hallman's first season as head coach at LSU.

</doc>
<doc id="19897702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897702" title="Parseval–Gutzmer formula">
Parseval–Gutzmer formula

In mathematics, the Parseval–Gutzmer formula states that, if "ƒ" is an analytic function on a closed disk of radius "r" with Taylor series
then for "z" = "re""iθ" on the boundary of the disk,
Proof.
The Cauchy Integral Formula for coefficients states that for the above conditions:
where γ is defined to be the circular path around 0 of radius r. We also have that, for x in the complex plane C,
We can apply both of these facts to the problem. Using the second fact,
Now, using our Taylor Expansion on the conjugate,
Using the uniform convergence of the Taylor Series and the properties of integrals, we can rearrange this to be
Now, applying the Cauchy Integral Formula, we get
Further Applications.
Using this formula, it is possible to show that
This is done by using the integral

</doc>
<doc id="19897724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897724" title="2008–09 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
2008–09 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was head coach Bruce Weber's sixth season at Illinois.
Roster.
"Trent Meacham and Chester Frazier were team captains."
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19897741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897741" title="Kingella kingae">
Kingella kingae

Kingella kingae is a species of Gram-negative aerobic coccobacilli. First isolated in 1960, it was not recognized as a significant cause of infection in young children until the 1990s, when culture techniques had improved enough for it to be recognized. It is best known as a cause of septic arthritis, osteomyelitis, spondylodiscitis, bacteraemia, and endocarditis, and less frequently lower respiratory tract infections and meningitis.
"K. kingae" is part of the bacterial flora of the throat in young children and is transmitted from child to child. When it causes disease, the clinical presentation is often subtle and preceded by a recent history of stomatitis or upper respiratory infection.
One notable exception is in cases of endocarditis (heart valve infection), which can be more refractory to treatment. "K. kingae" is the fifth member of the HACEK group of fastidious Gram-negative bacteria that cause endocarditis. Routine laboratory tests may be normal because the organism is difficult to culture. Inoculating the fluid from infected joints directly into blood culture vials can enhance the chances of an accurate culture, but extended culture times are not helpful.
The organism has also been known as "Moraxella kingae".
"K. kingae" is oxidase-positive, catalase-negative, and beta-hemolytic.
Mechanism of infection.
"Kingella kingae" is thought to begin infection by colonizing the pharynx, crossing the epithelium by using an RTX toxin, and entering the circulation and reaching deeper tissues, such as bones and joints.
"K. kingae" expresses type IV pili, which allow for enhanced adhesion to respiratory epithelial and synovial cells and thus increased likelihood of colonization. These pili have also been shown to be reduced in number as pathogenesis progresses. σ54 regulates the transcription of pilA1, a major pilus subunit. PilS and PilR, regulatory transcription factors best known from the "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" pilus system, also may regulate pilA expression. High levels of type IV pili on "K.kingae" are associated with spreading/corroding colony types, while low levels of type IV pili are associated with nonspreading/noncorroding colony types of "K. kingae". The three different types of populations are: spreading/corroding (with high-density pilation), nonspreading/noncorroding colonies (low density pilation), and domed colonies (no pilation, and thus no adherence to epithelium). Generally, respiratory and nonendocarditis infections tend to be highly piliated, while joint fluid, bone, and endocarditis blood isolates are less piliated, if at all.
Spondylodiscitis.
Children under three years of age may become infected with "K.kingae" and develop spondylodiscitis. Typical symptoms include back pain, abdominal pain, and damage to the bones and joints. It generally targets the lumbar region of the spinal cord, and the only true way of diagnosing it is through biopsy or needle aspiration, as blood plate growth gives many false negatives.
Osteomyelitis.
Osteomyelitis occurs in previously healthy children. The infection rate is poorly documented, thus the illness tends to go underdiagnosed. "K. kingae" can be transmitted person to person in rare cases.
Diagnostic tools include low-grade fever, elevated inflammatory markers (ESR and CRP), but white blood cell counts are generally unreliable since they vary among infected patients.
"K. kingae" infections are generally comcomitant with upper respiratory diseases or stomatitis, since disrupted respiratory or buccal mucosa is likely to facilitate bacterial invasion and hematogenous dissemination.
The cause of osteoarticular infections is frequently not identified. Less than 15% of "K. kingae"-positive clinical specimens reveal organisms on Gram stain. Fortunately, "K. kingae" is readily treatable with a wide variety of antibiotics, such as beta-lactams, tetracyclines, erythromycin, and fluoroquinolones. It shows low minimum inhibitory concentrations for penicillins, rifampicin, and azithromycin.
Multiple studies have shown that inoculating synovial fluid or bone samples directly into blood culture bottles substantially increases the detection of "K kingae" compared with direct plating of specimens on solid media.
As an oropharyngeal colonizer, "K kingae" is transmitted by respiratory secretions, saliva, and potentially oral contact with contaminated objects. Recent studies suggest "K. kingae" strains may demonstrate varying degrees of pathogenicity, which could support the person-to-person transfer of pathogenic "K. kingae". Infection has been shown to have high prevalence in the autumn and winter months.
Adult infections.
"K.kingae" infections are quite rare in adults, but they do occur in immunocompromised patients. Poor oral hygiene, pharyngitis, and mucosal ulceration are also predisposing factors for infection. The infection can occur in the respiratory or urinary tracts, as it is a part of the normal flora in those two areas, and will develop into septicemia or septic arthritis.

</doc>
<doc id="19897753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897753" title="Paul Hedqvist">
Paul Hedqvist

Paul Hedqvist (21 July 1895 Stockholm - 23 June 1977) was a Swedish modernist architect with many official commissions in Sweden through the 1930s, including housing projects, major bridges, many schools, and urban planning work. His practice evolved into designing office towers and at least one major stadium in the postwar 1950s. At one point he served as the city architect of Stockholm. 
Hedqvist studied at the Technical University in Stockholm and worked for Ragnar Östberg before opening his own office in 1924, with his partner David Dahl. Hedqvist became part of the functionalist movement developing in Sweden after Stockholm International Exhibition (1930), which he took part in. Through the war, from 1938 through 1948, he was professor at the Royal Art Academy in Stockholm.
Hedqvist worked as a functionalist. Early in his career he took part in the 1930 Stockholm Housing Exhibition, organized by Gregor Paulsson, but Hedqvist chose not to join other Swedish architects in the "Accept!" movement. Instead he was awarded a good share of Sweden's high-profile state commissions in the 1930s, dams and housing projects and many schools and the Stockholm airport, working mainly in a rationalist style. There's evidence for a penchant for square proportions for window and facade design. The single most noticeable Modernist flourish is the brilliant cylindrical glass staircase for the St. Erik's School in Stockholm in 1939. Later in his career Hedqvist took credit for some of the tallest buildings in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19897754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897754" title="Drew Hastings">
Drew Hastings

Drew Hastings (born March 2, 1954) is an American stand-up comedian and mayor of Hillsboro, Ohio. Standing 6' 6" tall, he is often seen performing in a black suit and black horn-rimmed glasses.
Early life.
Hastings was born in Casablanca, Morocco to an English mother, Pamela, and an American G.I. father named Drew. He emigrated to the United States at a young age and grew up in the Midwest, particularly in the Ohio cities of Kettering, Dayton and Cincinnati.
Stand-up comedy.
Hastings began performing onstage at the age of thirty-one. After having lived in several large cities in the 1970s, including New York, he had moved back to Ohio. In the early 1990s, he moved to Los Angeles, where he would later receive several guest-starring roles and television pilots for networks such as Fox, NBC, and HBO. While in California, he starred in several one-man shows such as "Commencement Speech", "Life & Other Short Stories", and "The Business of Living". The main character of "The Business of Living", a motivational speaker/success guru named "Jack Freeman", gained a small cult following in California and has become increasingly popular throughout the Midwest. While living in L.A., he got a rare standing ovation on "The Tonight Show".
Hastings would later sit in as a guest on "The Bob & Tom Show". In 2006, he starred in "The Friends of Bob & Tom" Comedy Central special alongside other comedians such as Bob Zany, Greg Hahn, Roy Wood, Jr., and Mike Armstrong.
On April 26, 2008, Comedy Central aired "Drew Hastings: Irked and Miffed", Hastings' premiere one-hour television special. The performance was released on May 6, 2008 through Image Entertainment.
Mayoral bid.
Hastings expressed interest in running for mayor in the city of Hillsboro, Ohio in June 2010 as a Republican Party candidate. On January 20, 2011, Hastings took out a candidate petition to run for the position of mayor for the city of Hillsboro.
Hastings filed his petition with the county's Board of Elections, as did two other Republican hopefuls. With the city's primary election held on May 3, 2011, Hastings won the primary election with receiving 295 votes. On November 8, 2011, Hastings won the Hillsboro, Ohio general election garnering 1,008 votes and his opponent, John Levo, received 614 votes. He was sworn in on January 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19897774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897774" title="Moon River (TV series)">
Moon River (TV series)

Moon River is an upcoming television series which will air on ABS-CBN as part of the Primetime Bida line-up. It stars Rayver Cruz, Maja Salvador and Ms. Claudine Barretto in her comeback in a teleserye.
Claudine and Rayver will portray the role as rich siblings. While Maja as the poor love interest of Rayver. Claudine will make Maja's life miserable in this series because she is against of the affair of Maja and Rayver.

</doc>
<doc id="19897788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897788" title="Deadline for Love and Other Stories">
Deadline for Love and Other Stories

Deadline for Love and Other Stories is a collection of 12 short stories written by Singaporean writer Catherine Lim. The collection was first published in 1992 by Heinemann Asia press. The collection is Lim's sixth book of short stories.
Like its predecessor collections "Deadline for Love" explores themes of self-deception, ignorance and folly which lead to misery and tragedy. There is also a feminist streak in some of the stories which lead directly to the author's next book of short stories, "The Woman's Book of Superlatives".

</doc>
<doc id="19897800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897800" title="Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.8">
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.8

The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk MF.8 (also known as the Høver MF.8, after its designer) was a military training seaplane built in Norway in the 1920s. 
Design and development.
It was a conventional two-bay biplane design based on the M.F.6 and M.F.7, with open cockpits in tandem for the student and instructor. The main difference between the M.F.8 and the M.F.7 were that M.F.8 had a new tail rudder and wing profile, in order to increase landing speed. The new profile had been developed by the Swedish professor Nordensvan, in cooperation with the Norwegian Army Air Service. 
Engine problems.
The first building of the two first aircraft began in December 1923, F.6 (III) being finished 30 May 1924 and F.12 in August the same year. The first aircraft were delivered with 100 hp Scania Vabis engines, which proved too weak and was replaced with 160 hp Beardmore or Sunbeam engines. For the next two aircraft produced the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service (RNNAS) settled on a 160 hp Mercedes engine and aircraft with this engine model were designated as M.F.8Bs. However, in 1932 Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk had to find a replacement for the Mercedes engines as spare parts for it became hard to procure. A Bristol Lucifer was borrowed from Kjeller Aircraft Factory and a Walter Regulus from a factory in Prague, both being tested at Horten. Still, both engines proved to costly to finance with the available budgets. Fortunately for the type hardly used Armstrong Siddeley Cheetah IIA engines were found in British surplus stockpiles and purchased for a mere 500 Norwegian kroner apiece. After rebuilding with a larger propeller the yield of the engine was reduced from 265 hp to 180 hp, perfect for trainer aircraft, and was used to equip both the M.F.8 and M.F.10 trainers. By early summer 1936 all M.F.8s had been rebuilt with Armstrong Siddeley Cheetah IIA. However, once again it proved a mistake to invest in an engine that was no longer in production and spare parts once more became a major problem. The Walter Regulus engine had performed well during the testing in Horten and funds were found to finance its acquisition, only for the Norwegians to discover that the engine did not perform as well as anticipated and in 1938 the Czech factory ceased producing it. Replacing the Walter Regulus was the American Jacobs L-4M engine, installed in the aircraft during the winter of 1939/1940. 
Operational use.
In all the M.F.8 design was very successful, with the pilots of the RNNAS receiving their first training on it up until the German invasion of Norway, the last of the type having been delivered in October 1935. Plans to replace it with a version of the Army's Tiger Moth trainer equipped with floats failed when tests in 1934 showed that the Tiger Moth was of little value as a seaplane. Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk began designing and prototype production on the monoplane trainer Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12 from 15 June 1937, intended as a replacement for the M.F.8, but internal disagreements delayed the introduction of the new type until the German invasion halted all work. Five of the eight M.F.8s produced were still in service at the outbreak of the Second World War, flying for the last times on 13 and 14 December 1939 before being placed in storage at Karljohansvern where they were all captured by the Germans on 9 April 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19897817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897817" title="Kadino, Smolensk Oblast">
Kadino, Smolensk Oblast

Kadino () is a village in Monastyrshchinsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Gorodnya River. It had 204 inhabitants in 2007.
The name of the village originates from the time of Tatar-Mongolian sovereignty ("kadi" is Tatar for "judge").
During Smolensk War of 1632–1634, the village was the scene of battles between the Russians and the Polish. During the Andrusov negotiations of 1666–1667 Kadino was the residence of Polish ambassadors.
Кadino was one of local centers of the farmers movement during the Revolution of 1905 Here, frequent anti-government meetings of peasants of adjacent villages were conducted, and illegal literature was promoted. On August 15, 1906, during a meeting, police unsuccessfully tried to arrest the organizer, А. Kharasev. On the following day the police tracked him and he was arrested. When the police tried to take him away, an alarm sounded. Armed peasants from the neighboring villages attacked the police group, released the arrested, beat the chief of the guards, disarmed him, and threw him into the river. During the fight, two policemen were killed and a manager was wounded. The revolt was suppressed by the military from Mstislavl.
In October 1941, the Nazi invaders massacred three hundred local residents, as the area was a hotbed of partisan activity. A monument stands in their memory. The village provides the namesake behind the Kadinsky surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19897836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897836" title="United States Post Office (Delmar, New York)">
United States Post Office (Delmar, New York)

The U.S. Post Office in Delmar, New York is located on Delaware Avenue (NY 443) in the middle of the hamlet. It serves the 12054 ZIP Code, covering Delmar and its surrounding area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. To date it is the only current post office in Albany County on the Register.
It is a small brick building constructed in 1939, near the end of the Great Depression. Louis A. Simon, the Treasury Department's supervising architect at that time, designed 13 total post offices for New York in the Colonial Revival style similar to Delmar's. But that one was the only one from whose design he omitted a cupola. The lobby is decorated with a mural, painted under Works Progress Administration auspices, showing a scene of the Indian Ladder at nearby John Boyd Thacher State Park.
Building.
The post office is a one-story, five-bay brick building with stone water table. Its double-doored main entrance is at the top of a set of granite steps with iron railings. The door is surrounded by fluted Doric pilasters and an entablature; above it is a fanlight with cast aluminum eagle. The words "UNITED STATES POST OFFICE" are spelled out in bronze letters across the frieze, with "DELMAR 12054 NEW YORK" above the door.
On either side of the door are two original lamps and two windows with limestone sills and lintels. A wooden dentiled cornice runs around the roofline. Above it is a slate gabled roof.
The side elevations have a pair of windows each. The gable ends are sided in clapboard with a semicircular opening with radiating mullions. At the rear are two wings: one three-bay workroom wing where the cornice is replaced with a parapet. A four-bay wing, added later, duplicates the roof detailing on the main building but is not considered contributing.
On the inside, the entry leads to a wooden vestibule with paneled pilasters. The L-shaped lobby has a red-and-black terrazzo floor, white marble dado and dark marble baseboards. They give way to plaster, which forms a simple cornice at the junction of wall and ceiling. A 1940 mural, "The Indian Ladder", by Works Progress Administration artist Sol Wilson fills the wall above the postmaster's office. Many of the original furnishings remain.
History.
Delmar had had a post office since 1840, in space leased in a building on Elsemere Avenue. A single-family house, demolished after the new building was authorized in the mid-1930s, stood on the present site. General contractors Loucks and Clarke of Wallingford, Connecticut won the bid and broke ground in 1939, opening the new building the following year.
The post office has seen only one significant change since then. The rear wing was built in 1959 to handle increased volume.
Aesthetics.
Louis Simon, Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department, under whose jurisdiction the Post Office was at the time, designed 13 post offices in New York in a variation of the same basic model. Of these, Delmar's is the only one to not include a cupola in its original design (Attica's had one when built, but it has since been removed).

</doc>
<doc id="19897841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897841" title="The Rattlesnakes">
The Rattlesnakes

The Rattlesnakes were a post-punk band based in Los Angeles, who operated from 1999 to 2003. Though they no longer play as a group, they continue to license their music for television and movies, including reality shows on MTV and the cult-comedy "Waiting...".

</doc>
<doc id="19897850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897850" title="Cheluvina Chittara">
Cheluvina Chittara

Cheluvina Chittara is a 2007 Kannada film directed and produced by S.Narayan. Ganesh, Amoolya played the lead roles. Music was composed by Mano Murthy. The movie is remake of the Tamil film "Kaadhal".
Plot.
Maadesha works as a mechanic in a garage. He is liked by an innocent school-going girl who is the daughter of a local don. Maadesha is deeply in love with her and they decide to marry. They elope.
Later the gang members of the don are in search of the couple. The lovers are lured by the bride's uncle, and they are taken back to the don. The enraged don beats up Maadesha and takes out the Thali of his daughter to forcibly marry her to a person engaged earlier.
After a gap of two years she traces a mentally retarded Maadesha. Later on she is made to unite with Maadesha by her husband who takes away the child.
Reception.
The film was a huge hit in Karnataka.
It completed 125 days and grossed more than 15 crores.
The excellent performance of Ganesh gave him the title "GOLDEN STAR" of the Kannada film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19897896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897896" title="NABC Player of the Year">
NABC Player of the Year

The NABC Player of the Year is an award given annually by the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) to recognize the top player in men's college basketball. The award has been given since the 1974–75 season to National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I basketball players. The association added awards for Division II and Division III players in 1983, and for National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) and junior college players in 2008. The awards are sponsored by State Farm Insurance.
In Division I, Duke has the most all-time winners with five. Their rival, North Carolina, is second with four winners. There have been three ties for NABC Player of the Year (2002, 2004, 2006), and only two players have won the award multiple times (Jay Williams and Ralph Sampson).
In Division II, Virginia Union has four winners, the most all-time, and is followed by Kentucky Wesleyan which has three. Only one tie has occurred (2006), while three players have won the award more than once (Stan Gouard, Earl Jones, John Smith).
In Division III, Potsdam State has the most all-time winners with three, while six other schools are tied for second with two winners apiece. There have been two ties (2007, 2010) and two repeat winners (Leroy Witherspoon, Andrew Olson).
At the NAIA level, there is a distinction between NAIA Division I and NAIA Division II winners. Since the awards began in 2008, no school or individual player has received the award multiple times. 
In junior college, every winner has been a sophomore and has gone on to play at an NCAA Division I school after their community college careers have ended.
State Farm NAIA Players of the Year.
For the 2007–08 season, Ryan Fiegi, a senior point guard at Oregon Tech, was named the player of the year. Beginning in 2008–09, the NAIA split into Divisions I and II.
State Farm Junior College Player of the Year.
Since community college players only attend for two years, these players are only either freshmen or sophomores. Afterwards, they move on to a four year university to finish their last two seasons of NCAA eligibility. The "University" column reflects which team these players would play for following their JuCo careers.

</doc>
<doc id="19897908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897908" title="Buena Vista Street">
Buena Vista Street

Buena Vista Street (formerly known as Sunshine Plaza) is a themed "land" at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort. Though named for the real-life Burbank thoroughfare that the Walt Disney Studios sits on, the central plaza represents Los Angeles in the 1920s, when Walt Disney first arrived there. One of the main features is a small-scale replica of the Hyperion Bridge, which was being constructed when Disney stayed in Atwater Village. The replica functions as a working bridge for the park's monorail system.
This land is similar to the layout and style of Main Street, USA at Disneyland, Disney California Adventure's sister park. This land includes dining, shopping, parades, and entertainment. The Red Car Trolley, a recreation of Pacific Electric's iconic Red Car electric trolleys, akin to the ones featured in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", transports guests through this area, from the park's entry to The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror in Hollywood Land. 
One of its most popular feature is Carthay Circle Restaurant which is modeled after one of the most famous movie palaces of Hollywood's Golden Age where Disney's Snow White first premiered. 
History.
Sunshine Plaza.
Disney California Adventure's original main gate entrance, Sunshine Plaza, was designed to evoke a sensation as if one were stepping into a California postcard. After guests pass the giant letters spelling out California, they would pass beneath a mock-up of the Golden Gate Bridge, which served to disguise a portion of the resort's monorail track. Flanking both ends of the faux Golden Gate Bridge were two massive murals depicting the vast mountain ranges in California. A few metres into the park from the main gate was Sunshine Plaza that served as an access hub to all of the park's other themed lands. At the end of the path, there was a fountain featuring a large metal sunburst designed to reflect solar rays into the surrounding area. Sunshine Plaza was also home to a replica of the "California Zephyr", which housed the plaza's two counter service restaurants: Baker's Field Bakery and Bur-r-r Bank Ice Cream. The plaza was also home to two of the park's biggest souvenir shops, Greetings from California and Engine Ears Toys.
Re-imagineering and expansion.
On October 17, 2007, The Walt Disney Company announced a multi-year, $1.1 billion expansion plan for Disney California Adventure Park. Included in this expansion plan was the re-theming and complete overhaul of Sunshine Plaza into Buena Vista Street.
The Golden Gate Bridge replica was removed and the sunburst structure replaced with a recreation of the Carthay Circle Theater, which showcased the world premiere of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in 1937. The building serves as the new visual centerpiece of Disney California Adventure's reincarnation. In early August 2011, the "California Zephyr" display was removed, with major portions being donated to the Western Pacific Railroad Museum.
The park's main gate was extended outward to where the postcard letters formerly stood, and resembles the Pan-Pacific Auditorium like the entrance at cousin park, Disney's Hollywood Studios in Florida. The Red Car Trolley travels through the plaza. The main gate was opened on July 15, 2011. The construction of the Red Car trolleys began on January 10, 2010. Construction of Buena Vista Street itself began in October 2010 and opened on June 15, 2012. The main entrance remained open with areas blocked off from time to time to aid in construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19897931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897931" title="Killer Tracks">
Killer Tracks

Killer Tracks is a company that produces and licenses production music for use in film, television, advertising and interactive media. The company was founded in Hollywood, California in 1989 with an original catalog of 30 CDs. Today, the Killer Tracks catalog contains over 2,000 CDs of music from 21 global libraries including Atmosphere, Killer Tracks, Koka, Match, and Network Music. The company continues to expand its catalog by acquiring new music collections and by producing over 100 new CDs of music each year.
In 2012, the Company announced the Killer Tracks Artist Series which features original EPs of songs with lyrics from notable artists including Rev Theory and Alex Band, among others. Unlike the rest of the Killer Tracks catalog, which is intended primarily for business-to-business (B2B) licensing, the Artist Series EPs are also widely available to fans and the general public for purchase and streaming through popular digital platforms including iTunes and Spotify.
The Killer Tracks catalog also includes original production music from well-known artists, composers and producers including Chuck D, Lamont Dozier, Jim Brickman and others.
Killer Tracks is headquartered in Santa Monica, California and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Universal Music Publishing Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19897970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897970" title="Banzai! (album)">
Banzai! (album)

Banzai! is a 1991 album by Tigertailz. It is a collection of B sides and singles originally for Japan only.It includes a remake version of "Livin' without you", and a live version of "She'z too hot" from their first album Young and Crazy, and two covers: "Creeping Death" by Metallica and "Peace Sells" by Megadeth. 

</doc>
<doc id="19897980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897980" title="Mahieu le Juif">
Mahieu le Juif

Mahieu le Juif was an Old French trouvère. His name means "Matthew the Jew" and, if his own songs are to be believed, he was a convert from Judaism to Christianity. Only two of his songs survive, one with a melody. He has been conflated with Mahieu de Gant, but the same manuscript that contains both their works clearly distinguishes them. 
Mahieu's more popular song, "Par grant franchise", was very widely copied and today it exists in twelve chansonniers, including one in Occitan. It was probably the subject of the song that accounts for its popularity. Mahieu abandoned the faith of the Jews for that of his Christian lady. Expecting to receive praise, however, he got only ridicule. The apropos melody of this song survives in many variations, but all are of a simple, yet tight, structure. There is intertextual similarity between a piece of the troubadour Albertet de Sestaro and "Par grant", but the direction of any influence of the one on the other cannot be ascertained: though Jeanroy thought the trouvère was influenced by the troubadour. 
Mahieu's other piece, "Pour autrui movrai", likewise refers to his Jewishness, but it was not as widely read. 

</doc>
<doc id="19897997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19897997" title="Amulya">
Amulya

Amulya (born 14 September 1993 as Moulya) is an Indian film actress who appears in Kannada films. She made her acting debut as a child artist in the early 2000s and appeared in a lead role in 2007 with "Cheluvina Chittara". She is best known for her roles in the commercially successful films "Chaitrada Chandrama" (2008) and "Naanu Nanna Kanasu" (2010).
Early life.
Amulya was born on 14 September 1993 as Maulya. She completed her Pre-university course in Commerce from Mount Carmel College, Bangalore. She lost her father in 2009 and has a mother residing in Bangalore.
Career.
Amulya made her debut in films as a child artist in the 2001 Kannada-language film "Parva" that had Vishnuvardhan playing the lead role. Her debut as a lead actress came in the 2007 film "Cheluvina Chittara" opposite Ganesh which was successful at the box-office. She then appeared in "Chaitrada Chandrama", "Premism", "Naanu Nanna Kanasu" and "Manasology" which did moderate business or failed at the box-office. But, Amulya's performances received critical acclaim.After a two-year hiatus, she appeared in the 2013 hit film "Shravani Subramanya" opposite Ganesh with her performance receiving appreciation from critics. In the same year, she was given the title 'Golden Queen' by her co-star of "Shravani Subramanya", Ganesh.

</doc>
<doc id="19898005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898005" title="Etihad Stadium">
Etihad Stadium

Etihad Stadium may refer to either of two stadiums sponsored by Etihad Airways, the flag carrier of Abu Dhabi:

</doc>
<doc id="19898036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898036" title="The Grass Harp (film)">
The Grass Harp (film)

The Grass Harp is a 1995 American comedy-drama film. It is based on the novella by Truman Capote; the screenplay was the final work of Oscar-winning screenwriter Stirling Silliphant. The film was directed by Charles Matthau, and starred Piper Laurie, Sissy Spacek, Walter Matthau, Edward Furlong, and Nell Carter. Piper Laurie won the Best Supporting Actress award from the Southeastern Film Critics Association for her work on the film.
Plot.
Set in a small 1940s Alabama town, the film follows Collin Fenwick (Edward Furlong) as he is sent to live with his father's maiden cousins, the sweet Dolly (Piper Laurie) and the overbearing Verena (Sissy Spacek), following the death of his mother. He soon discovers that the Talbo household is anything but normal. After also losing his father, Collin grows to be close to Dolly and Catherine (Nell Carter) and becomes acquainted with the eccentric townspeople, from the gossip-loving barber (Roddy McDowall) to a traveling evangelist with fifteen illegitimate kids (Mary Steenburgen). To escape Verena's oppression, Dolly, Collin, and Catherine run away to an old tree house in the woods. Their rebellion sparks a series of events that change their lives and the entire town as well.
Development and production.
"The Grass Harp" feature film was closely based on Truman Capote's 1951 semi-autobiographical novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Stirling Silliphant and Kirk Ellis. Silliphant's prior credits included "In the Heat of the Night", "The Towering Inferno", and "The Poseidon Adventure". The film was directed by Charles Matthau, son of Walter Matthau. It was filmed on location in Wetumpka, Alabama.
Reception.
"The New York Times" review of the film stated that the actors' performances were "uniformly expert, sharp renderings of distinctive individuals" and that Charles Matthau had "managed to set them in a landscape specifically distant and atmospheric". The "Los Angeles Times" review called it a beguiling film and one that "celebrates rebirth and renewal but within a tough-minded view of life that never allows it to lapse into a fairy tale". "Variety" called it a "sensitive screenplay adaptation" and noted the film's "wonderful ensemble cast". Despite generally good reviews, the film did poorly at the box office. With an estimated budget of $9 million, the film grossed only roughly $1.5 million in ticket sales.

</doc>
<doc id="19898068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898068" title="Pincushion (disambiguation)">
Pincushion (disambiguation)

Pincushion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19898112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898112" title="Classic Christmas (Bradley Joseph album)">
Classic Christmas (Bradley Joseph album)

Classic Christmas is the 15th studio album by Bradley Joseph released in 2008 on the Robbins Island Music label.
""Christmas classics performed on the piano.""
While discussing, "Classic Christmas", Gerry Grzyb, chairman of the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh sociology department, states that Joseph's usual approach is to play the carol straight, and then add his own twists. "... he’s very effective at that—he doesn’t stray as far as a jazz or classical organ improviser might, but he does keep the interest up." Grzyb says that the same applies to Joseph's earlier "Christmas Around the World" CD, which he found even more interesting because of the use of other instrumental sounds (added via keyboards). In a review by Carol Swanson, this album is an hour of "well-executed new age piano", ..."gentle renditions of 14 holiday favorites". She goes on to say that "Joseph's playing is measured and thoughtful, but never plodding, such as "...We Three Kings...is elegant in its simplicity, with just a touch of exotic flavors". 

</doc>
<doc id="19898124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898124" title="Pete Newell Big Man Award">
Pete Newell Big Man Award

The Pete Newell Big Man Award has been awarded by the National Association of Basketball Coaches since 2000. It is presented to the top low-post player each season. The award is named after Pete Newell, the legendary coach who ran the famed Pete Newell Big Man Camp for low-post players from 1976 until his death in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19898125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898125" title="Sardinia Radio Telescope">
Sardinia Radio Telescope

The Sardinia Radio Telescope is a large, fully steerable radio telescope recently completed near San Basilio, province of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. It is a collaboration among the Istituto di Radioastronomia di Bologna, the Cagliari Observatory (Cagliari) and the Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory (Florence). It has been completed in 2011.
The main technical points are:

</doc>
<doc id="19898142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898142" title="Glynis (TV series)">
Glynis (TV series)

Glynis is an American situation comedy that aired on CBS from September 25 to December 18, 1963.
Synopsis.
The series stars Welsh actress Glynis Johns as Glynis Granville, a mystery writer. Keith Andes appeared as Keith Granville, Glynis' husband who works as a successful criminal defense attorney. Together, the couple would attempt to solve various crimes. George Matthews co-stars as Glynis' friend, Chick Rogers, a retired police officer, who offers advice and solace in her writing.
"Glynis" faced competition from the third segment of the 90-minute western "The Virginian" on NBC and from Bill Cullen's "The Price Is Right" prime time game show on ABC. The series was canceled after 13 episodes. 
In 1965, when CBS brought the series back in reruns as a summer replacement for "The Lucy Show", "Glynis" ranked #6 in the Nielsen ratings.
Production notes.
"Glynis" was produced by Desilu and created and executive produced by Jess Oppenheimer, who originated "I Love Lucy" with Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz.

</doc>
<doc id="19898143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898143" title="Silly Symphony Swings">
Silly Symphony Swings

Silly Symphony Swings is a "wave swinger" attraction in Paradise Pier, at Disney California Adventure, at the Disneyland Resort in California. Themed to Disney's The Band Concert conductor Mickey Mouse conducts the attraction from high atop, synchronized with the music. Although "The Band Concert" was not part of the 'Silly Symphonies' film series, the name was applied to the attraction due to its apparent symphony storyline. Closely following the plot of "The Band Concert" the main column of the ride rises revealing a tornado which spins the riders to the tune of the William Tell Overture and William Tell's "Storm". Once the tornado safely passes, the music comes to an end and the ride slows and lowers riders to the ground. It is speculated that the new voice of the Silly Symphony Swings is that of the fictitious Mr. Tinkershmidt, the supposed new owner of Paradise Pier. Tinkershmidt and the Silly Symphony Swings update is part of the multi-year, $1.1 billion (US) expansion plan for Disney's California Adventure Park. Previews of the attraction are offered at California Adventure's Walt Disney Imagineering Blue Sky Cellar.
The attraction was originally slated to replace the Orange Stinger on May 28, 2010. Although the attraction soft opened on May 28, 2010, it had an Official Grand Opening on June 11, 2010.
Previous attraction history.
The Orange Stinger, the predecessor of "Silly Symphony Swings", was an off the shelf Zierer Wave Swinger enclosed in a large orange and themed as bees. Riders swung on suspended seats inside the enclosure which offered views of nearby Paradise Pier and Paradise Bay through large openings in the walls. These openings were made to look like peeled sections of an orange peel. The original bumblebee seats were removed on February 10, 2001 due to damage during use. After removal, the seats were unthemed swing seats. Initially an orange scent effect was introduced into the attraction giving it the smell of a 'real' orange, but was later removed because it attracted real bees.
The giant orange was a tribute to the orange fields that Disneyland was built on, as well as Orange County, where the Disneyland Resort is located.

</doc>
<doc id="19898146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898146" title="Record-Courier (Nevada)">
Record-Courier (Nevada)

The Record-Courier is a three times a week newspaper located in Gardnerville, Nevada. It has its origins in "The Carson Valley News" founded in Genoa, Nevada, in 1875 by A.C. Pratt. The newspaper was renamed "The Genoa Courier" in 1880 and merged that year with "The Genoa Journal". It merged with "The Gardnerville Record" in 1904 to form "The Record-Courier". It is one of the oldest continuously published nameplates in Nevada. It was purchased by Swift Communications in 1988. "The Record-Courier" covers Carson Valley, located in Douglas County, Alpine County (California), and Mono County (California) in the eastern Sierra Nevada. An original woodcut of the Carson Range as it rises above Carson Valley produced by syndicated cartoonist Lew Hymers in 1928 appears in the banner.

</doc>
<doc id="19898154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898154" title="Maple Leaf Mills Silos">
Maple Leaf Mills Silos

Maple Leaf Mills Silos was one of two silo complexes that built the area between Spadina Quay and Maple Leaf Quay, on Toronto Harbour, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was also one of three silos that was found along the city's waterfront. 
Built in 1928, the silos marked an age when goods were being shipped into Toronto. Towards the end, the silos also marked the ports decline and the desire to remove the industrial eyesore along Toronto's waterfront. They were removed in 1983. 
History.
The first silo structure was opened in 1928 by the Toronto Elevator Company and built by Carter Construction Company, and was referred to as "Playfair Elevators". The first silos had capacity for 2 million bushels and was later doubled. Tracks next to the elevators were connected to the CN Spadina Yard.
When the Toronto Elevator Company merged with Maple Leaf Flour, the silos were renamed Maple Leaf Mills.
Decline of Toronto Harbour and demise of the silos.
With the decline in use of Toronto harbour as a shipping centre in the 1980s and redevelopment of the waterfront, the future of the silos was set.
When Maple Leaf Mills facility at Port Colborne was destroyed by fire in 1960, milling operations came to Toronto. The Port Colborne facilities were rebuilt at a smaller scale, but it eventually took over milling operations after 1983.
Unlike the fate of the Victory Soya Mills and Canada Malting silos, the Maple Leaf Silos were demolished in the 1983 in the haste to remove the industrial eyesore and blight along the waterfront.
Renewal.
In 1989 Harbour Terrace condominiums was completed on half of the old silo site, but the remaining half of the site sat vacant. In 2000, Toronto Fire Services Station 334 and Toronto EMS Station 36 was opened at the southwest end of the site
After two decades the city facilitated the creation of HTO Park West in 2007 and thus completed the revitalization of the entire site.

</doc>
<doc id="19898165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898165" title="Gatsby Major">
Gatsby Major

Gatsby P. Major (November 15, 1831 – October 6, 1907) was an American politician from Buffalo, New York.
He served as Director of Bureau of Fisheries under Cleveland from 1897. In 1896 he was a delegate to the 1896 Democratic National Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="19898180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898180" title="Eastern Kentucky Colonels football">
Eastern Kentucky Colonels football

The Eastern Kentucky Colonels football program represents Eastern Kentucky University in college football as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC), and competes at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) level. The school has traditionally had much success on the football field, having won twenty OVC conference titles and two Division I FCS National Championships (then called "Division I-AA") in 1979 and 1982, and reaching the finals in 1980 and 1981. Much of the success came during the long tenure of head coach Roy Kidd from 1964 to 2002. In 1990, Eastern honored Kidd by naming the school's football stadium Roy Kidd Stadium. Eastern Kentucky's football team was able to secure 31 consecutive winning seasons before finally posting a losing season record in 2009.
In September 2013, the "Lexington Herald-Leader", the daily newspaper of nearby Lexington, reported that EKU was considering moving its program to the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision. However, under NCAA rules, such a move would require that EKU receive an invitation from an existing FBS conference.
Team information.
Nickname: Colonels <br>
Uniforms:
National Championships: 2 - 1979 & 1982<br>
Conference Championships: Twenty One - (Ohio Valley Conference)<br>1954, 1962, 1967, 1968, 1974, 1976, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1994, 1997, 2007, 2008, and 2011<br>
Conference History:
Championships.
NCAA Division I FCS National Championships.
Eastern Kentucky went to four consecutive national championship games, winning twice in 1979 and 1982.
School records.
Team records.
Consecutive winning seasons: 31, 1977-2008<br>
Consecutive wins: 18, 1982-1983<br>
Consecutive National Title appearances: 4, 1979-1982
Individual records.
Most rushing yards (game): 300 Markus Thomas against Marshall 1989<br>
Most rushing yards (season): 1,998 Elroy Harris in the 1988 season<br>
Most rushing yards (career): 5,532 Markus Thomas 1989-1992<br>
Most passing yards (game): 398 Josh Greco against Eastern Illinois 2005<br>
Most passing yards (season): 2,861 Josh Greco in the 2005 season<br>
Most passing yards (career): 5,992 Josh Greco 2004-2007<br>
Most receiving yards (game): 316 Aaron Marsh against Northwood 1967<br>
Most receiving yards (season): 1,150 Andre Ralston in the 2005 season<br>
Most receiving yards (career): 3,095 Andre Ralston 2002-2005

</doc>
<doc id="19898187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898187" title="Pronator drift">
Pronator drift

In medicine, pronator drift (also known as pyramidal drift) refers to a pathologic sign seen during a neurological examination. Jean Alexandre Barré is credited with having first described it thus it is sometimes known as the Barré test. A positive result indicates spasticity. This sign can appear due to an upper motor neuron lesion or various other conditions (including inborn errors of metabolism) which include spasticity as a symptom.
Description.
The patient is asked to hold both arms fully extended at shoulder level in front of him, with the palms upwards, and hold the position. If they are unable to maintain the position the result is positive. Closing the eyes accentuates the effect, because the brain is deprived of visual information about the position of the body and must rely on proprioception. Tapping on the palm of the outstretched hands can accentuate the effect.
Interpretation.
This is a test of upper motor neuron disease. 
If a forearm pronates then the person is said to have pronator drift on that side reflecting a contra-lateral pyramidal tract lesion. A lesion in the cerebellum produces a drift upwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19898222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898222" title="Desert Assault">
Desert Assault

Desert Assault (known in Japan as ) is a 1991 run and gun arcade game by Data East. In this arcade game, up to four players control four soldiers holding machine guns and other projectile weapons, while fighting their way through the terrorist arsenal to take control of the Persian War.

</doc>
<doc id="19898238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898238" title="Torgeir Schjerven">
Torgeir Schjerven

Torgeir Schjerven (born 28 August 1954) is a Norwegian author and lyric poet. Schjerven trained as a painter and has illustrated children’s books. He has worked as a film actor in such films as "Lasse & Geir" (1976), directed by Svend Wam and Petter Vennerød) and "Det tause flertall" - The silent majority (1977, directed by Svend Wam). He was also involved in writing the script for these movies.
In 1995 Schjerven was one of the finalists for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize for the novel "Omvei til Venus".
Torgeir Schjerven is married to the author Inger Elisabeth Hansen.

</doc>
<doc id="19898251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898251" title="DR 6 nebula">
DR 6 nebula

DR 6 is a cluster of stars in the Milky Way galaxy, composed of dust, gas, and about 10 large newborn stars, each roughly ten to twenty times the size of the Sun. It was discovered by astronomers at NASA with the Spitzer Space Telescope, viewing the nebula using infrared light.
The areas of the cluster that appear green are mainly composed of gas, while the parts that seem to be red are made of dust.
The DR 6 nebula is located about 3,900 light-years away in the constellation Cygnus. The center of the nebula, where the ten stars are located, is roughly 3.5 light-years long, roughly equivalent to the distance between our Sun and Alpha Centauri, the closest star to the Sun.
"Galactic Ghoul".
The DR 6 cluster is also nicknamed the "Galactic Ghoul" because of the nebula's resemblance to a human face; astronomers have described it as "some sort of freakish space face," emphasizing the cavity-like regions that look like eyes and a mouth. These large cavities are the result of "energetic light" and strong stellar wind that come from the ten stars in the center of the nebula (the part also known as the "nose").
Because of the nebula's spooky appearance, it was featured on the NASA website as the Astronomy Picture of the Day on All Hallows Eve, November 1, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19898258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898258" title="Stories from the Golf">
Stories from the Golf

Stories from the Golf is an Australian television comedy series first broadcast on SBS in 2004. The series was made up of 13 five minute episodes. Stories from the Golf was written and produced by Wayne Hope and Robyn Butler.

</doc>
<doc id="19898274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898274" title="George Thomas Washington">
George Thomas Washington

George Thomas Washington (June 24, 1908 – August 21, 1971) was an American jurist who served as judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit from 1949 to 1965. 
Biography.
Washington was born in 1908 in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, the son of William Morrow Washington and Janet Margaret (Thomas) Washington. He was a descendant of Samuel Washington, brother of George Washington.
Washington graduated from Yale University in 1928. He attended Yale Law School for a year and then studied at the University of Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship, obtaining a bachelor's degree in law in 1931. He returned to Yale Law School, graduating with a LL.B degree in 1932.
In 1949 he was appointed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit by Harry Truman. He retired as a senior member of the Court in 1965.
Washington died at his home in Santa Barbara, California in 1971 at the age of 63. He was survived by his wife, the former Helen Goodner.

</doc>
<doc id="19898280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898280" title="The Clay Marble">
The Clay Marble

The Clay Marble is a 1991 children's novel by Minfong Ho. It is set in war-torn Cambodia after the fall of the Khmer Rouge in the early 1980s. It is about a girl named Dara and her friend Jantu, and illustrates the struggles they face. It also shows how brave a girl can be and all the effects and sufferings of the war.
Summary.
After the fall of the Khmer Rouge, 12-year-old Dara, her older brother Sarun, and their mother journey to the Thai border in search of food. Here they meet the remnants of another Cambodian family, one of whose members, Jantu, becomes Dara's friend; another, Nea, falls in love with Sarun. Life is going along well until in fighting among neighboring guerrilla groups forces the families to flee again. In the confusion, Dara and Jantu become separated from the main group. After many incidents, they are reunited with their families, although Jantu is shot in the process and dies soon after. Sarun, once a proud farmer, wants to join the military. Dara courageously stands up to him, and convinces him to return home with the family. The title comes from Jantu's effervescence and manual dexterity, the combination of which impresses Dara as magic. She believes a clay marble, having been invested with Jantu's magic, gives her the courage to get through her ordeals.
References.
http://www.members.authorsguild.net/minfong/

</doc>
<doc id="19898281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898281" title="Mother Dunn">
Mother Dunn

Mother Dunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19898287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898287" title="Fernando Hidalgo">
Fernando Hidalgo

Fernando Roberto Hidalgo Maldonado (born May 20, 1985 in Quito) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for LDU Quito and the Ecuadorian national team as a midfielder.
Club career.
Hidalgo came out of the youth system of Deportivo Quito. Before debuting for the Quito club's professional team, he played one season with Tungurahua in Ambato. He played his first season Deportivo Quito in 2006, where he became a key player for the next two seasons. In 2008, after the request of then manager Ever Hugo Almeida, he was signed by Guayaquil-based club Barcelona. However, he saw little starting time under Almeida's guidance. It wasn't until Reinaldo Merlo became the manager of Barcelona did he begin to make an impact and become a starter. He eventually captained the team and earned the nickname "el Capitán". In late 2010, he returned to Quito when he signed a five-year contract with LDU Quito starting in the 2011 season.
International career.
Fernando also was included in Ecuador's 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign. In November 2008, he was called up to take action in a friendly against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19898307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898307" title="Jeff Larson">
Jeff Larson

Jeff Larson is an American political consultant and entrepreneur who served as CEO of the Minneapolis St. Paul 2008 Host Committee, which organized the 2008 Republican National Convention. He worked on Reince Priebus's successful campaign to become RNC Chairman and in 2011 became RNC Chief of Staff. In March of 2013 he became Senior Advisor to Reince Priebus and the Chief of Staff position went to Mike Shields. 
Career.
In 1999, Larson co-founded and became a partner, with fellow Republicans Tony Feather and Tom Synhorst, in a consortium of media consultancy companies, Feather Larson & Synhorst - DCI. The company was actively involved in supporting George W. Bush in the 2000 presidential primaries and received $21.3 million from the Bush-Cheney campaign in 2004. Larson specializes in tele-fundraising and voter contact programs. According to the "New York Times", Larson's firm has been tied to the onslaught of negative robocalls about Senator Barack Obama on behalf of Senator John McCain. Larson told the "Minneapolis Star Tribune", however, that FLS Connect is not involved in nationwide robo-calls attacking Obama, although his firm has been hired to make live calls in Minnesota on behalf of McCain.

</doc>
<doc id="19898326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898326" title="Temple of the Inscriptions">
Temple of the Inscriptions

The Temple of the Inscriptions is the largest Mesoamerican stepped pyramid structure at the pre-Columbian Maya civilization site of Palenque, located in the modern-day state of Chiapas, Mexico. The structure was specifically built as the funerary monument for K'inich Janaab' Pakal, "ajaw" or ruler of Palenque in the 7th century whose reign over the polity lasted almost 70 years. Construction of this monument commenced in the last decade of his life, and was completed by his son and successor K'inich Kan B'alam II. Within Palenque, the Temple of the Inscriptions is located in an area known as the Temple of the Inscriptions’ Court and stands at a right angle to the Southeast of the Palace. The Temple of the Inscriptions has been significant in the study of the ancient Maya, owing to the extraordinary sample of hieroglyphic text found on the Inscription Tablets, the impressive sculptural panels on the piers of the building, and the finds inside the tomb of Pakal.
Structure.
The structure consists of a "temple" structure that sits atop an eight-stepped pyramid (for a total of nine levels). The five entrances in the front of the building are surrounded by piers bearing both carved images and the hieroglyphic texts in Maya script for which the temple was named. Inside the temple, a stairway leads to the crypt containing the sarcophagus of Pakal.
History.
The Temple of Inscriptions was finished a short time after 683. The construction was initiated by Pakal himself, although his son, K'inich Kan B'alam II completed the structure and its final decoration. 
Despite the fact that Palenque, and the Temple of Inscriptions itself, had been visited and studied for more than two hundred years, the tomb of Pakal was not discovered until 1952. Alberto Ruz Lhuillier, a Mexican archaeologist, removed a stone slab from the floor of the temple, revealing a stairway filled with rubble. Two years later, when the stairway was cleared, it was discovered that it led into Pakal’s tomb.
Piers.
The temple has six piers, or vertical panels. These are labeled A through F, each with texts, artistic representations, or both executed in reliefs made from plaster stucco. Piers A and F have only hieroglyphic text on them. Piers B through E have images of people holding an infant-like figure, which has a snake as one leg.
Pier A.
Pier A’s decoration consists entirely of hieroglyphic text. However, only eleven glyphs and glyph portions survive to this day. Among these glyphs, “capture” can be clearly seen, but who or what was captured is unknown because the corresponding glyphs are unreadable.
Pier B.
Pier B depicts a scene in which a human figure holds the “child” God K, one of whose legs is a serpent, in his hand.
The human figure is actually life size (165 cm tall), but its position and perspective make it appear much larger. It wears an elaborate feather headdress, a jaguar skin skirt, and a belt. The figure also used to wear a loincloth and a short beaded cape, but due to damage those are largely missing today, as is the head of the figure.
It is thought that the figure held by the human figure is God K, although his characteristic “flared forehead” is only visible on Pier D. The figure of God K, often described as an “infant” or “child,” has one human leg and one serpent-leg. The human leg ends in a six-toed foot that is cradled by the other figure. It is likely, especially considering the emphasis placed on the polydactyly, that this feature is a reference to Pakal’s son, Kan B'alam II, who is portrayed in portraits with six fingers on one hand and six toes on one foot.
Pier C.
The standing figure on Pier C is thought to be a woman, possibly Pakal’s mother, Lady Zac-Kuk. The appearance of the psychoduct (a hollow duct that goes from the outer temple into the tomb of Pakal) and the stone band that connects to it have led many to compare the structure to an umbilical cord. The fact that this “umbilical cord” connects the figure on Pier C to Pakal’s tomb (and by extension, Pakal himself) supports the identification of the figure as Lady Zac-Kuk. The umbilical cord can then be interpreted as a reference to the royal bloodline.
Pier D.
Pier D provides the evidence that the “baby” figure is, in fact, God K. In this depiction of the “baby” figure, it wears an “axe” or “flare” including a mirror (visible below the feathers of the standing figure’s headdress), something characteristic of God K. The figure on this pier is more complete than the same figure on any of the other piers. Also present in the depiction of God K are three vertical cuts on the god’s back. These have been shown to be intentional, but their meaning is still unknown.
Pier E.
The standing figure on Pier E is most likely Kan B'alam I. The elaborate headdress worn by the figure contains glyphs that identify him as “chan-bahlum.” It is unlikely that this refers to Kan B'alam II because he is thought to be represented by the figure of God K. Because Kan B'alam II, great-great-grandson of Kan B'alam I, finished the decoration of the Temple of Inscriptions, this can be seen as an effort to reinforce the legitimacy of his claim to the throne; he is emphasizing his relationship to his ancestor and namesake, as well as his relationship to his father and grandmother.
Pier F.
Pier F has only one glyph block that remains today. It contains glyphs for what is thought to be a title, translated as “dead rabbit”, followed by the title and name “Mah K’ina Kan-B'alam,” after which comes an unknown glyph (possibly another title), and the glyph for Palenque.
Coloration.
Although much of the color on the piers has deteriorated, some is still visible today. Originally, the piers would have been extraordinarily colorful. Bright red, yellow, and blue would have been seen on their stucco sculpture. A thin coat of light red paint would have been applied to all of the stucco sculpture as a sort of background coloring while the stucco was still wet, binding the color to the building. Because the temple was repeatedly repainted, one can observe layers of pigment between layers of stucco. The color blue signified the Heavens and the Gods and would have been applied to things relating to the gods, as well as the glyphic texts on the sculpture. The color yellow related to Xibalba, the Maya underworld, which was associated with jaguars, so the jaguar skirts were colored accordingly.
Inscription tablets.
The Temple of Inscriptions gets its name from three hieroglyphic tablets, known as the East Tablet, the Central Tablet, and the West Tablet, on the temple's inner walls. These tablets emphasize the idea that events that happened in the past will be repeated on the same calendar date, a theme also found in the Books of Chilam Balam, and constitute one of the longest known Maya inscriptions (617 glyphs). Columns E through F mark the beginning of a record of various events in Pakal's life that continues until the last two columns on the tablets, which announce his death and name Kan B'alam II as his heir. All of the tablets, excluding the final two columns, were completed during Pakal's lifetime.
The Tomb of Pakal.
Structure.
To prevent the collapse of the tomb due to the immense weight of the pyramid, the 
architects designed the hut-shaped chamber using cross vaulting and recessed buttresses.
Artifacts.
The tomb of Pakal yielded several important archaeological finds and works of art.
Sarcophagus.
Among these finds was the lid of Pakal’s sarcophagus. In the image that covers it, Pakal lies on top of the “earth monster.” Below him are the open jaws of a jaguar, symbolizing Xibalba. Above him is the Celestial Bird, perched atop the Cosmic Tree (represented by a cross) which, in turn, holds a Serpent in its branches. Thus, in the image Pakal lies between two worlds: the heavens and the underworld. Also on the sarcophagus are Pakal’s ancestors, arraigned in a line going back six generations.
Other.
Pakal’s death mask is another extraordinary artifact found in the tomb. The face of the mask is made entirely of jade, while the eyes consist of shells, mother of pearl, and obsidian.
There were several smaller jade heads packed into Pakal’s sarcophagus and a stucco portrait of the king was found under the base of it.
Five skeletons, both male and female, were found at the entrance of the crypt. These sacrificial victims were intended to follow Pakal into Xibalba.
Notes.
All information on the piers was taken from Robertson 1983: 29-53.

</doc>
<doc id="19898334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898334" title="Gwangpo Bay">
Gwangpo Bay

Gwangpo Bay is located in Sacheon city, South Korea. The Bay is located at the estuary of Gonyang Stream, and the City is located in the middle of the southern seashore of South Korea. Gwangpo Bay is a part of larger Sacheon Bay, which is surrounded by Sacheon City, Gwangyang City, and Namhae County.
According to Korean Ministry of Land, Transportation, and Marine Affairs, a plan made by local government in 2008 to reclaim Gwangpo Bay covers area of 1,976,256 square meter. The length of the Bay is about 3 kilo meter, and the width of the Bay is about 1.3 kilo meter.
Wildlife.
According to Sacheon Branch of Korean Federation for Environmental Movement [http://english.kfem.or.kr/ (Friends of the Earth Korea,), 117 species of birds were found in this Bay by the research conducted from 2000 to 2007. During the research, 150 Saunder’s Gulls (Larus saundersi) were found together. White-naped Crane and Black-faced Spoonbills were also found here.
Large area of the Bay is covered with Seashore Lawn Grass (Zoysia sinica), and it is estimated that this is the biggest community of this species in Korea. Communities of a threatened species of "Ellobium chinense", which belongs to the mollusc family Ellobiidae were found in June 2008 inside the community of seashore lawn grass.
And community of eelgrass (Zostera marina) was found in the Gwangpo Bay. Eelgrass is regarded as a very important ecology member, as it provides fishes spawning ground, and it absorb great amount of CO2. According to a research conducted in Gwangyang Bay, next to Gwangpo Bay, 57 species of fishes were found at the community of eelgrass.
Socioeconomics.
Population.
The population of Sacheon City is about 110,000. The population was steady for the decade from 1995 to 2005. And while the fishers and farmers population decreased, some people migrated to Sacheon from 2006, to get jobs in newly developed shipbuilding and machinery industry.
Industry.
Traditionally, Sacheon was an important port through which marine products were transported to Jinju City, an important city of southern part of Korea. And as fish was abundant in this Bay, fishery was the most important industry before modernization.
After the 1990s, the municipal government is supporting aircraft manufacturing industry in the region. Korean Aerospace Industries Ltd [https://www.koreaaero.com/] has factories in this city with its 2800 employees. And the local government is also supporting shipbuilding industry. SPP Plant and Shipbuilding Co is the biggest one in the city.
Threats.
The local government has a plan to reclaim Gwangpo Bay of 1,976,256 square meter to provide land to shipbuilding industries. The government expects the cost would be 350 billion South Korean Won (350 million US Dollar). But this plan is not the first one. Even in the 1990s, a company was planning to reclaim this tidal flat. The debates between reclamation and protection continued since then.
Actions.
The local branch of Friends of the Earth made a civil research group to study the ecology of this Bay. The group conducted monthly research from 2000 to 2007. Perhaps because of such efforts, the plan to reclaim this Bay was not accepted by the central government on July 8, 2008. But the local government has not given up the plan for reclamation, preparing for the next review by the central government.
Notes.
1. Article from the Ministry of Construction and Marine Affairs 
2. Magazine of Federation for Environmental Movement, June 2007 
3. Magazine of Federation for Environmental Movement, June 2007 
4. List of threatened species designated by Korean Ministry of Environment
[http://yeongsan.me.go.kr/pr/ext.jsp]
5. Dominilbo Daily Sep 4, 2008 
6. SBS news June 16, 2008 
7. Hur Seonghoi and Gwak Suknam, 1997, Species Composition and Seasonal Variations of Fishes in Eelgrass (Zostera marina) Bed in Kwangyang Bay, Korean journal of ichthyology, Vol.9 No.1
[http://www.riss4u.net/link?id=A3109386]
8. Article from the Ministry of Construction and Marine Affairs 
9. Kyoungnam Daily, Feb 23, 2007. [http://www.kndaily.com/]
10. Kyoungnam Daily, Feb 23, 2007. [http://www.kndaily.com/]
11. Magazine of Federation for Environmental Movement, June 2007 
12. Article from the Ministry of Construction and Marine Affairs 
13. Kyoungnam Daily, July 24, 2008. [http://www.kndaily.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="19898338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898338" title="1991 Los Angeles Raiders season">
1991 Los Angeles Raiders season

The 1991 Los Angeles Raiders season was their 32nd in the league. They were unable to improve upon their previous season's output of 12–4, winning only nine games. The team qualified for the playoffs for the second straight season.

</doc>
<doc id="19898341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898341" title="Alexander Jacob (police officer)">
Alexander Jacob (police officer)

Alexander Jacob IPS (born 25 May 1955) is the Director General of Police (Prisons) of Kerala, India.
Education.
Jacob was born to parents who were both school teachers at Thumpamon in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala. He had his school education at St. Goretti's School, Nalanchira, Trivandrum and at Mar Gregorios School, Thumpamon.
He studied chemistry at St. Xavier's College, Trivandrum and undertook postgraduate studies at Mar Ivanios College. He studied at Master's Degree level in English, History, Politics and Sociology. He undertook research for a PhD in English Literature on "Historical Novels of Indo-Anglian Literature".
Early career.
He started his career as a subeditor of a newspaper in Kerala before working at the Indian Overseas Bank and then as a lecturer in English at Mar Ivanios College. He was recruited to the Indian Police Service (IPS) in 1982.
IPS Officer.
After his probation Jacob was posted as Superintendent of Police, Kottayam and subsequently at Kannur. He also worked as the Commissioner of Police, Kochi City in 1990. He was the principal of Police Training College, Trivandrum during 1992-1995. On promotion he was posted as Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG), Northern Range (Kerala) and subsequently as DIG, Armed Police Battalion.
He was the Director of Kerala Women's Commission taking over his assignment as Secretary, Institute of Management in Government in January 1999. In May 2000 he was posted as Joint Director of Kerala Police Academy. He was promoted as IGP and posted Inspector General of Police (Training), Kerala State and "Ex Officio" Joint Director Kerala Police Academy in 2001. In 2006 he was promoted to the Director of Kerala Police Academy. He is the Director General of Police. Jacob is also involved in teaching many different groups of students in the Civil Service and wider public. He gives talks based on the Bible through the programme "Njanavachassukal" on Shalom TV India.
Awards.
He was awarded the President's Scout Award in 1972. He won Best Probationer Award (Co-curricular activities) and L.B. Sewa Cup from IPS Academy, Hyderabad in 1983. He was honoured as the most outstanding Young Person of Kerala by the Junior Chamber, Jaycees in 1989 and as most outstanding Young Person of India by the Indian Junior Chamber Jaycees in 1990.
He was awarded the President's 'Police Medal' for Meritorious Service by the President of India on the Republic Day, 2004.
Family.
He is married to Dr Elizabeth John, a Reader in the Collegiate Education Department. The couple have three daughters Mariam Elizabeth Alexander, Jesse Elizabeth Alexander and Ammu Elizabeth Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="19898342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898342" title="NABC Coach of the Year">
NABC Coach of the Year

The NABC Coach of the Year Award has been presented by the National Association of Basketball Coaches since 1959. A longtime sponsor of the award was Kodak; it is currently sponsored by the UPS Store. 

</doc>
<doc id="19898350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898350" title="Classic Christmas">
Classic Christmas

Classic Christmas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19898373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898373" title="Michael D. Smith (economist)">
Michael D. Smith (economist)

Michael D. Smith is a Professor of Information Technology and Marketing at the H. John Heinz III College at Carnegie Mellon University with joint-appointment at the Tepper School of Business
Smith received his Ph.D. in Management Science and Information Technology from the MIT Sloan School of Management in 2000, his Masters of Science in Telecommunications Science and his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (Summa Cum Laude) from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1996 and 1991 respectively. Prior to receiving his PhD Smith worked for GTE and was a consultant with Booz Allen Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="19898378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898378" title="Technology Transfer Center of Zhejiang University">
Technology Transfer Center of Zhejiang University

The Technology Transfer Center of Zhejiang University (Simplified Chinese: 浙江大学技术转移中心), currently is the largest university technology transfer center in the People's Republic of China. It's the main technology transfer department of the Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.
Introduction.
The center was founded as the Technology Trading Center of Zhejiang University (浙江大学技术交易中心) in 1996. In 2006, it was reformed and adopted into the current name. 
The center maintains close relationships with more than six thousand domestic companies within P.R.China, and has cooperations with more than two hundred foreign companies.
Statistics.
According to authorities, during 2006-2008, it has offered more than 5800 technological transfers and services, and created an economic value of 35 billion Chinese Yuan.
According to the rankings by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China Science & Technology Development Center in 2006, the Zhejiang University Technology Transfer Center was ranked as the first one, before Tianjin University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology and Tsinghua University.
According to a recent similar report (2007), the center was ranked also first, based on its largest annual turnover of 674.23 million. And it was followed by Chongqing University, Shandong University and Tsinghua University.
Currently, there are 76 university technology transfer centers in mainland China.

</doc>
<doc id="19898379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898379" title="Bitragunta">
Bitragunta

Bitragunta is a village in Nellore District, Andhra Pradesh, India. The village received its name when the British found good drinking water and named it "Better-gunta" which later became Bitragunta.
The village is an important stop on the Indian Railways line between Chennai and Vijayawada. It is also the station at the far northern end of North Line of the Chennai Suburban Railway network earlier. Now under Vijayawada Division of South Central Railway. The railway has also had an influence on other institutions in the village, including the Railway Institute and two high schools. The village has two panchayats.
The oldest school is the Railway Mixed High School English Medium (RMHS-EM). Under British rule the school building was a catholic church, and the building still retains some elements of its past: the gothic architecture and church bell which is still in use more than 100 years later. Saint Joseph Thambhi of Peddaavutupalli did his service from the church. The church was moved to the Railway Institute and the old church building converted to a school for Anglo Indians as an English Medium School. The old school is still used as a Telugu Medium school.
The Railway Loco shed in Bitragunta was one of the only two coal locomotive sheds in India with the revolving round house mechanism. (The other one is at Mysore).The Loco shed lost its importance after the arrival of Diesel locomotives and phasing out of Stem Loco Engines from Indian Railways. The abandoned Loco Shed was dismantled subsequently due "no use" in 2010.
The village is also the location of the largest single Christian graveyard in India.
History.
Bitragunta is located between Vijayawada and Chennai on the east coast trunk line. The town is in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh. Nearest major stations is Nellore to the south and Ongole to the north. But a few express trains do halt at Bitragunta today. Even some passenger trains start from Bitragunta. 
Bitragunta’s significance lies in the history of the Steam Era. The abundance of suitable water and availability of plain land enabled the construction of a unique Mechanical Loco Shed. The loco shed was first constructed in the year 1885. A roundhouse with turn-table facility was added in 1934. The roundhouse was known for its architectural value and joined the Mysore roundhouse as one of two spectacular loco sheds in the country. At that time, the loco shed handled 45 steam locomotives and later went on to become one of the biggest in the Indian Railways. Bitragunta was also provided with a major yard and also inter-changing depots for the drivers and guards. The steam shed was logistically important to medium and long distance trains originating from Madras and the ones passing through Vijayawada down south. In those days, experiments were being made with the Pacific locomotives (WP) of the Grand Trunk Express to provide it more mileage in terms of water and coal consumption. The objective was to provide the GT with a non-stop run between Madras and Vijaywada. The WPs were fitted with water scoops, to enable them to take on water while on the run. A water trough was constructed at Bitragunta just for the purpose. The water scoops on the WPs worked well enough. Unfortunately, due to a deteriorated level of the quality of coal, the engine had to be changed at Bitragunta. The coal carried in the locomotive’s tender could not sustain the 420 km long journey, due to the high ash content. Bitragunta had 22 WP locos in its shed then. Later, the shed, under South Central railways held 59 WG and 5 XD locomotives.
Along with the growth of Indian Railways, the marshalling activities at Bitragunta increased manifold. In 1968, a full-fledged marshalling yard with hump facility was established and a wagon-repair depot was added later. The marshaling activities included segregation of wagons and long-distance marshaling orders. The activities continued until 1998. Bitragunta was also a known “Railway Cantonment”. Predominantly occupied by Anglo Indians, it had 1000 spacious railway quarters built in European style. It also hosted a Western Culture Institute (presently Bitragunta Railway Institute) that is standing till today as the legend of those glorious days. The evolution in the mode of traction power from steam to diesel and diesel to electric caused the reduction of shed-activities and finally the steam shed at Bitragunta was closed. The closure of the marshaling yard brought a complete closure to the glory of the railway town. Consequent upon the closure of the steam loco shed in Bitragunta, the infrastructure, other equipment and land have not yet been utilized for any purpose. But Bitragunta still continues as a changing point for all up & down freight trains. Some of the express trains continue to halt here. An ART and MRV are still stationed at Bitragunta. The station still retains vestiges of the glorious past in form of its long platform and old buildings. The remains of the steam shed and the roundhouse can still be seen today.It has the famous temples like Sri Prasanna Venkateswara Swamy Temple, Sai Baba Temple and Lord Rama Temple. Lord Rama Temple performs yearly Sri Ramanavami Festival in the month of April every year. This temple was constructed way back in the British Times. Shir Chokka Lingham, Shir A S Shanmughan and many other railway employees contributed and supported this Temple construction. Bitragunta Lord Rama Temple outer structure nearly resembles Lord Rama Temple at Bhadrachalam (Andhra Pradesh - India). Till date Thirumangalyam (Manglasutram)is distributed to the Villagers by the Families of Sh. A S Shanmugham (Sh. A S J Murugesan, Sh. A S Mohan and other son's, daughter's, grand children) at Lord Rama Temple on the eve of Shir Rama Navami (after the main Marriage event of Lord Rama and goddess Sita). This town is also called as peaceful town.
The famous Prasanna Venkateswara Swamy temple is located in Bilakoota Kshetram of Konda Bitragunta near Bitragunta in SPSR Nellore district. Every day around 1000 people visit this historical place. One more important historical place of Sri Prasanna Venkateswara Padalu is located on Tallure road 2 km from Bittragunta Railway Station. People believe that once they have visited this place life will go smoothly. But there are no developments for this place. Here we can find symbols of Lord Venkateswara Padalu.
Entertainment.
The main entertainment venue is the Railway Institute, with its reading room, and facilities for billiards (this table was manufactured in 1835 with Burma teak), caroms, shuttle and chess.

</doc>
<doc id="19898410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898410" title="Croydon, British Columbia">
Croydon, British Columbia

Croydon is a former flag stop on the Canadian National Railway east of McBride, British Columbia. It was named after Croydon, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19898417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898417" title="The Record-Courier">
The Record-Courier

The Record-Courier may refer to one of these newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="19898419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898419" title="Asclepias linaria">
Asclepias linaria

Asclepias linaria is a species of milkweed known by the common name pineneedle milkweed. It is native to the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts of northern Mexico and the US states of California and Arizona. This is a large erect perennial herb or shrub coated in hairs and many narrow, green leaves which resemble pine needles. The inflorescence is an umbel-like cluster of flowers, each with pink-tinted rounded hoods at the center and greenish reflexed corollas. The fruit is a follicle.

</doc>
<doc id="19898421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898421" title="Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.9">
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.9

The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.9 "Høverjager" ("Høver fighter"), also known as the Høver M.F.9 after its designer, was a fighter seaplane built in Norway in the 1920s. 
Background.
In the early 1920s the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service (RNNAS) began looking for a replacement for its Sopwith Baby fighter aircraft, contacting 19 foreign manufacturers asking for bids for licence production of four fighter aircraft in Norway. While many offers were received, only a few of the aircraft types on offer were for purpose-designed seaplanes. As it was the clear request of the RNNAS to have a tried and tested seaplane fighter only the bids coming in from Fokker and Nieuport Astra satisfied the requirement. As the cost of both these offers were considered far too high, Johann E. Høver, managing director at Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk, recommended that a future fighter should be designed and constructed at his factory in Horten. Høver claimed that he could deliver four fighters with Hispano-Suiza engines at the cost of 220,000 Norwegian kroner, just half of what the foreign bidders demanded. After cost estimates and calculations had been carried out, the Norwegian Ministry of Defence approved the project on 8 March 1924. The project was then submitted to the Permanent Flying Commission () and evaluated on 1 May 1924. Only Klingenberg, managing director of the Kjeller Aircraft Factory, had a negative opinion of the design, being especially critical of the choice of a relatively weak engine. The manufacture of parts for the prototype M.F.9 began in August 1924 and the wing construction was tested at an aeronautical institute in Göttingen in the German Weimar Republic, as well as being brought to breaking point in Horten. The Royal Norwegian Navy required the aircraft to have a top speed of 200 km/h, reach an altitude of 3,000 metres in 12 minutes and have a sturdy construction able to endure dog fighting. The aircraft also needed to be a stable platform and be easy to manoeuvre on water.
Design.
It was a largely conventional single-bay biplane design, but featured an additional set of struts bracing the lower wings to the fuselage sides. An open cockpit was provided for the pilot and construction throughout was of wood. Performance was impressive, with the type setting a European altitude record of 8,600 m (28,200 ft) in 1931 but it was never a popular aircraft with pilots on account of its tendency to spin.
Operational use.
The prototype first flew on 4 June 1925 and completed four trips on the first day with very satisfying results. The next day speed and altitude tests were held, again with good results. Testing was then unexpectedly halted as the testing officer, Lützow-Holm, was ordered to Svalbard to take part in the search for the missing polar explorer Roald Amundsen and his two Dornier Wal flying boats.
The prototype, F.120, was used as a target aircraft during anti-aircraft artillery demonstrations on 13 September 1925, fitted with skis in February–March 1926 and was handed over for active service on 15 July 1926. F.120 exceeded all expectations as to speed, rate of climb and maximum altitude, leading the way for the manufacture of the remaining three aircraft on order from July 1925. Having been slightly modified from the prototype, the three other aircraft were designated as M.F.9Bs (F.122, F.124 and F.126). At first the M.F.9s received an enthusiastic welcome in the RNNAS, but after a near-fatal spin accident due to a structural breakage in the engine in September 1926 confidence in the aircraft type began to wane. 
Problems and retirement.
In July and August 1928 another series of four M.F.9Bs (F.128, F.130, F.132 and F.134) were delivered 
from the factory in Horten. Although M.F.9s were used during the annual summer exercises only the most experienced officer pilots were allowed to fly the type, all forms of acrobatics being banned and most pilots unwilling to perform any drastic manoeuvres. The first total loss of the type occurred on 27 August 1929 when F.120 crashed during landing. A replacement aircraft, F.120 (II) was finished in June 1930.
As the weak Hispano-Suiza engine prevented the M.F.9 from being a truly effective fighter aircraft work was carried out from the autumn of 1929 to the spring of 1931 to find a different engine to have in reserve and install in case of war. Two engines were tested, first a Bristol Jupiter which at the time was the standard engine of the Norwegian Army Air Service's Fokker C.V-E scout-bombers, and secondly an Armstrong Siddeley Jaguar VII 14-cylinder air-cooled engine.
However, accidents involving the aircraft entering uncontrolled spins continued with another aircraft being lost on 25 July 1930. At this point pilot confidence in the aircraft reached an all-time low, with seven officer pilots writing a letter of protest to the Ministry of Defence, voicing their opposition to the further use of the M.F.9. The criticism led to the halting of work on five M.F.9s then under construction (F.136, F.138, F.140 and replacement machines F.130 and F.132), although one almost complete M.F.9c (F.142) was finished in February 1932. F.142 and the incomplete aircraft had steel tube hulls instead of the wooden constructions of the earlier aircraft. An investigative commission concluded on 4 May 1932 that even the improved M.F.9c model was not usable for training purposes and recommended that the type should be discarded entirely. Director Høver strongly opposed this view, but did not win through with his view that further improvements could save the aircraft and the type was retired and put in reserve on 17 July 1932. The document sent by the Ministry of Defence to the RNNAS was signed by the Agrarian Party Minister of Defence, Vidkun Quisling.
The reason that the M.F.9 was put in reserve and not scrapped outright was the Sopwith Baby fighters had been scrapped a short time earlier, necessitating the retention of the M.F.9 as a reserve fighter force. Still, by the mid-1930s most of the aircraft were scrapped, the last four being retired in May 1939. The last M.F.9 operational, M.F.9c F.142, was used by the Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk control officer until 28 May 1937 and then stored at the factory until 6 May 1939 when the Ministry of Defence approved of plans to preserve it as a museum piece. Although the final fate of F.142 is not known, it is assumed that it was burned by the German occupation forces during the Second World War. The M.F.9 was never replaced as a fighter in the RNNAS, the service instead choosing to focus on reconnaissance and torpedo aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19898428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898428" title="The Fairy's Dilemma">
The Fairy's Dilemma

"Harlequin and the Fairy's Dilemma, retitled The Fairy's Dilemma" shortly after the play opened, is a play in two acts by W. S. Gilbert that parodies the harlequinade that concluded 19th-century pantomimes.
It was produced at the Garrick Theatre by Arthur Bourchier, lessee of the theatre, on 3 May 1904 and ran for 90 performances, closing on 22 July 1904. The work was Gilbert's last full-length play.
Background.
"The Fairy's Dilemma", "an original domestic pantomime in two acts", was W. S. Gilbert's first play produced since "The Fortune Hunter" in 1897. He had announced a retirement from the theatre after the poor reception of that play. In 1900, he wrote a story called "The Fairy's Dilemma", published in the Christmas number of "The Graphic" magazine that year. In 1904, he emerged from his seven-year "retirement" to adapt the story into a play, which he directed himself, as he usually did with his plays. "The Fairy's Dilemma" was Gilbert's only play premiered at the Garrick Theatre, which he had built in 1889. Incidental music for the piece was arranged by Edmond Rickett, consisting of popular songs of the 1860s and 1870s, such as "Champagne Charlie". "The Fairy's Dilemma" was Gilbert's last full-length non-musical play.
Arthur Bourchier had leased the Garrick in 1900, and he and his wife Violet Vanbrugh starred in numerous plays there over the next six years often producing new works, including "The Fairy's Dilemma". The piece garnered enthusiastic opening-night reviews in London on 3 May 1904. According to "The New York Times", the play "met with distinct success. It is brilliantly nonsensical". "The Telegraph" called it "a new sensation". "The Manchester Guardian" wrote, "The piece kept the whole house laughing almost without intermission during the two short hours of its duration... It restores Mr. Gilbert to the stage in his most irresistibly whimsical vein, and deserves to rank among the brightest and most exhilarating of his productions." "The Observer" noted its "immense superiority", "fresh dramatic wit" and the audience's "sensation of delight not less keen than rare", while opining that "age cannot wither" Gilbert's "finish and precision... his mordant wit" and his "brilliant fun". Max Beerbohm, writing in "The Saturday Review", however, criticised the show for being more appropriate to the 1870s.
"The Fairy's Dilemma" is a parody of the conventional harlequinade and of melodrama. However, the play was written decades after the heyday of the harlequinade. Houses were good at first, but despite its initial success and good reviews, the audience dwindled, and it lasted only 90 performances and was withdrawn on 22 July 1904. Violet Vanbrugh speculated that too few theatregoers remembered the old harlequinade well enough to enjoy the parody. Nevertheless, the piece was sent on a brief tour.
Synopsis.
Fairy Rosebud enters the Abode of Demon Alcohol, who complains bitterly about the law that requires demons to speak in verse; and indeed he is very bad at it. Rosebud is depressed because the Fairy Queen has told her that her incompetence can no longer be tolerated; unless she becomes more attentive to her duties of protecting mortals from demons, she will be sent to the back row of the ballet chorus. She had decided to protect and assist Aloysius Parfitt, a clergman, and Jane Collins, a nurse. Jane has attracted the attention of Sir Trevor Mauleverer, a colonel in the Life Guards, who Rosebud believes to be a wicked baronet. Rosebud asks the demon to carry Jane off to Sir Trevor's apartment (making it look as if Sir Trevor has had her carried off) so that Rosebud can then rescue Jane and restore her to Aloysius. The demon is attracted to Rosebud and agrees. However, Jane is really Lady Angela Wealdstone, a lady of fashion, in disguise, and Sir Trevor is really an honourable man. Nevertheless, Lady Angela has run away from home to avoid being forced by her father into an arranged marriage with Sir Trevor.
Meanwhile, however, Aloysius is in love with Clarissa Whortle, the daughter of a judge. Sir Trevor has led everyone to believe that he is going to marry Clarissa to assist Aloysius in evading Clarissa's father. Aloysius, on the other hand, has allowed everyone to believe that he will marry Jane. Before going to the Registrar to be married, Aloysius decides that Clarissa's clothing is too fashionable, so Clarissa borrows Jane's nurse attire. Rosebud appears and the mortals criticise her because her skirts are too short. No one wants her assistance, but she explains (mistaking Clarissa for Jane because of the change of clothing) that a demon is planning to carry off the lady. She vanishes, and everyone is angry with her, thinking her rude. Now Demon Alcohol meets Sir Trevor, who has been left alone. The demon is also confused by the change of clothing; he abducts Clarissa (thinking her to be Jane) and takes her to Sir Trevor's lodgings.
Behind the house of the judge (Clarissa's father), the demon and Rosebud meet. He tells her, mistakenly, that he has abducted the nurse and brought her to Sir Trevor's flat. Rosebud summons the fairies to help her "rescue" the girl, whom she assumes is Jane. Aloysius now arrives to tell the judge of Clarissa's disappearance. Rosebud magically summons Jane (alias Lady Angela), still thinking that it was Jane who was abducted, and Lady Angela magically appears, wearing only her dressing jacket. Rosebud is angry at the demon for carrying off the wrong lady. The only solution, she thinks, is to transform the mortals into harlequinade characters. She changes Parfitt into Harlequin, Jane into Columbine, the judge into Pantaloon and Sir Trevor into Clown. All are angry, but Rosebud insists that they play the harlequinade and uses her magic to force them to do so.
While Rosebud looks on, everyone is affected by the magic and must play their harlequinade parts. When she is not watching, however, they regain their true personalities and are all horrified at the excesses of their harlequinade characters. Matters go from bad to worse, and Rosebud finally relents, agreeing to marry the demon and asking Aloysius to perform the ceremony. All are restored to their original characters, Aloysius embraces Clarissa, and Sir Trevor embraces Lady Angela.
Analysis.
Gilbert had always been fascinated by pantomime, particularly the harlequinade that concluded every pantomime in the early and mid-Victorian era. When Gilbert was growing up, the harlequinade was an extremely popular part of the Christmas pantomimes that were produced at most of the major theatres in London. Gilbert admired the elegant dancing part of the Harlequin and in 1879 played this character in a pantomime that he co-authored, "The Forty Thieves". Many of Gilbert's Bab Ballads, stories and other works, especially in the 1860s, reflect his interest in the harlequinade and his ideas about the moral issues that it presented, particularly in connection with the cruel character of Clown.
After writing and thinking about the harlequinade for half a century, and like some of Gilbert's earlier works, "The Fairy's Dilemma" "sets pantomime fantasy alongside modern everyday life... a harlequinade parodied and subverted." As "The Observer" noted in their opening night review of the piece, Gilbert turns inside out, as no other dramatist could do as well, conventional Christmas pantomimes, "with their good fairies and wicked demons supernaturally influencing the destinies of unnatural lovers... Mr. Gilbert makes the goodness of the Fairy Rosebud as perfunctory as the wickedness of the Demon Alcohol; and it is she who, with a view to her own professional advancement, invents for the Demon the malignant plot". Further, in a parody of the melodramatic conventions of the Victorian era, the bad baronet is not bad, the innocent damsel is not innocent, and the stern judge delights in entertaining his court. When the judge turns into Pantaloon, he exclaims, "it's not as great a change as I should have supposed!" As with Gilbert's typical comedies, the joke "depends for much of its point upon the grave unconsciousness of its interpreters".
According to scholar Andrew Crowther, the play explores two ideas that are an important part of many of Gilbert's stage works, including the famous Gilbert and Sullivan operas. "One is that stage romance and fantasy should be brought down to earth with reminders of prosaic reality. The other is that real life should take on some of the romance and fantasy of the stage." Crowther notes that in the play, the "supernatural" fairy and demon speak in a more natural manner than the mortals, who Gilbert calls "unnaturals". The play shows the tension between Gilbert's love of the harlequinade and his disapproval of the morality that it portrays. After a lifetime of fascination with the subject, the play resolves Gilbert's deep interest in the subject. According to Crowther, in many ways, the play was the capstone of Gilbert's career. He would write no more full-length plays and only one further opera ("Fallen Fairies").

</doc>
<doc id="19898431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898431" title="Big Fill">
Big Fill

"Not to be confused with Big Phil Scolari, the Brazilian Football Manager."
The Big Fill was an engineering project on the First Transcontinental Railroad in the U.S. state of Utah. To avoid a costly tunnel through mountainous terrain east of Promontory Summit, Central Pacific engineers mapped an alternate route that still needed to span a deep ravine. In February 1869, the construction firm of Benson, Farr, & West began construction on a raised bed across the ravine. Over two months, 500 workers hauled more than 10,000 cubic yards of material to build the rail bed. At its extent, the fill extended for and up to a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="19898438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898438" title="Shere, British Columbia">
Shere, British Columbia

Shere is a former station on the Canadian National Railway east of McBride, British Columbia. It was named by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway after the engineer in charge of construction of this section of the railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19898439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898439" title="Cvetulja">
Cvetulja

Cvetulja () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 274 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19898469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898469" title="Francisco Medrano (footballer)">
Francisco Medrano (footballer)

Francisco José Medrano Magaña (born July 14, 1983 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Once Municipal in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Medrano joined Alianza Reserves from San Luis Talpa Reserves in 2001 and was barely used for the seniors in the next season, prompting him to leave for Luis Ángel Firpo where he did get significant playing time. In 2010 he moved to Águila, but again he did not play regularly and joined Once Municipal for the 2011 Clausura, only for them to be relegated.
International career.
Medrano made his debut for El Salvador in an August 2007 friendly match against Honduras, coming on as a substitute for Eliseo Quintanilla. As of July 2011, he has not played any more internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="19898479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898479" title="Colin Larkin">
Colin Larkin

Colin Larkin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19898482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898482" title="Selective Wreckage">
Selective Wreckage

Selective Wreckage is a b-sides collection by melodic hardcore group Crime in Stereo. This compilation features unreleased songs that documented the band's evolution from the 2005 recording sessions for "The Troubled Stateside" and 2007's "Crime in Stereo Is Dead", as well as tracks from the never released split EP with Capital, and songs from many other various recording sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="19898483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898483" title="Harvey, British Columbia">
Harvey, British Columbia

Harvey is a railway point on the Canadian National Railway located in Tête Jaune Cache, British Columbia, approximately 18km north of Valemount, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19898489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898489" title="Tawaif (film)">
Tawaif (film)

Tawaif is a Bollywood movie released in 1985. It was produced by R.C. Kumar and directed by B. R. Chopra.
Plot.
The film mainly is about a tawaif (courtesan or some one who willingly or otherwise adopts the profession of entertaining others for a living), who accidentally enters the life of Dawood (Rishi Kapoor) who already has fallen in love with an upcoming writer (Poonam Dhillon). The situation becomes such that he has to claim that she (the Tawaaif) happens to be his wife. Soon the Tawaaif makes room in everybody's heart by her softness and intelligence, love and affection. It becomes difficult for Dawood as he cannot forget his first love (Poonam Dhillon), nor the Tawaaif (Rati Agnihotri) and also that he cannot tell the identity of Rati to anybody else. However, gradually all problems are solved, misunderstandings removed and Dawood willingly accepts Rati while Suleman Seth (Deepak Parashar) who also loves Poonam, accepts her. The songs of the film were nicely written by Hassan Kamal and composed by Chopra's favourite Ravi. The song 'Tere Pyar Ki Tamanna' and 'Bahut De Kar Di' are very meaningful and ear-pleasing.
Awards.
It won two Filmfare awards in 1986

</doc>
<doc id="19898491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898491" title="Asclepias nyctaginifolia">
Asclepias nyctaginifolia

Asclepias nyctaginifolia is a species of milkweed known by the common name Mojave milkweed. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to New Mexico, where it grows mainly in desert habitat. This is a perennial herb growing up to about half a meter in maximum height when erect, but often bending or drooping. The thick leaves are oval to lance-shaped and arranged in opposite pairs about the stem. The leaves and stem are generally slightly hairy. The inflorescence is a dense umbel up to 8 centimeters wide and packed with pink-tinted pale green flowers. The fruit is a large follicle up to 9 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19898495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898495" title="Hockey Europe">
Hockey Europe

Hockey Europe is a collaboration of ice hockey leagues within Europe. It was formed by six European Leagues to help negotiate for their rights with the NHL and KHL.
History.
The purpose of the Group and its founding members is to promote cooperation, amicable relations and unity of these Leagues and their member Clubs in a middle of the heavy heated competition between the new launched Russian Ice Hockey League KHL and the North-American NHL.
Hockey Europe will furthermore concentrate to help the six founding members and possible new members to promote and improve professional ice hockey competitions in all its aspects and safeguard the general interests of its Members and European ice hockey as a whole. An improvement for Hockey Europe is in the exchange of information and promotion the cooperation and relations of its members with the National Hockey League, USA/Canada (NHL), Kontinental Hockey League, Russia (KHL) and other sports institutions or other professional ice hockey leagues and the clubs, as well as with the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) and its National Member Associations.
Current president and voluntary general manager of Hockey Europe is the league manager of the Erste Bank Hockey League, Christian Feichtinger. Hockey Europe has its registered office in Cologne, Germany, and is governed by EU law as a European Economic Interest Group. 
Members.
Hockey Europe currently has 6 full and 1 associated members:
Full Members
Associate Member

</doc>
