<doc id="20086151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086151" title="Russell H. Dilday">
Russell H. Dilday

Russell H. Dilday is a pastor, educator, former seminary president, and chancellor of B.H. Carroll Theological Institute.
Career.
He served as President of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary starting in 1978. During his sixteen-year tenure, the seminary annual enrollment exceeded 5000 students, making it the largest in American theological education history. In 1990, "Christianity Today" released a poll of its readers ranking the effectiveness of American seminaries. Southwestern Seminary was ranked “number one among the top 33 graduate theological schools in the nation. ("Columns:Glimpses of a Seminary Under Assault"p.6, 99) He was fired in March 1994 by what had become majority conservative-leaning board of trustees in a 26-7 vote during the Southern Baptist Convention Conservative Resurgence/Fundamentalist Takeover. Dilday described the resurgence as having fragmented Southern Baptist fellowship and as being "far more serious than a controversy". Dilday described it as being "a self-destructive, contentious, one-sided feud that at times took on combative characteristics". Since 1979, Southern Baptists had become polarized into two major groups: moderates and conservatives. Dilday has been labeled a moderate, but prefers the term "constructive conservative." ("Higher Ground: A Call for Christian Civility," p. 142) Reflecting the hyper-conservative majority votes of delegates at the 1979 annual meeting of the SBC, the new national organization officers and committees replaced all leaders of Southern Baptist agencies with presumably more conservative people (often dubbed "fundamentalists" by dissenters)who would carry out the takeover agenda.
In August 1994, Dilday was hired by Baylor University to serve as a distinguished professor of homiletics at the George W. Truett Theological Seminary and to be a special assistant to Baylor President Herbert Reynolds.He also served as Acting Dean of Truett Seminary. He served as interim President of Howard Payne University from 2002-2003.
He was pastor of Texas Baptist churches including, First Church in Antelope, Texas, a rural congregation, First Church in Clifton; and he led Tallowood Church in Houston "from a mission to one of the strongest missions churches in Texas Baptist life." His only non-Texas pastorate was at Second-Ponce de Leon Baptist Church in Atlanta, a large urban congregation.
Dr. Dilday has received honorary degrees from Baylor University (L.L.D), Mercer University (D.D.), William Jewell College (L.H.D.) and Dallas Baptist University (D. Hum.).
Education.
He earned degrees from Baylor University (B.A.) and Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary (M.Div., Ph.D.).
Writings.
"You Can Overcome Discouragement", 1977
"The Doctrine of Biblical Authority", 1989 
"Personal Computer: A New Tool for Ministers," 1985
"Communicator's Commentary: I & II Kings", which was a Gold Medallion Award finalist for the “Best Commentary,” 1988,
"Columns: Glimpses of a Seminary Under Assault"nOct. 2004, that revisits Dilday's monthly presidential columns at Southwestern.
"Higher Ground: A Call for Christian Civility", 2007.
Honors.
Dilday is highly respected for his denominational leadership and has been recognized by Texas Monthly magazine as one of the "Texas Twenty" – persons across the state who "have proved to be pivotal forces in their respective fields – and, by extension, in Texas." He was also named by "The Baptist Standard" as one of the "ten most influential Texas Baptists in the twentieth century."
Family.
A native Texan, Dilday grew up in a Texas Baptist minister's home. His father, Hooper Dilday, served served a number of Texas churches, and was on the staff of the Baptist General Convention of Texas for 20 years years in Sunday school, discipleship training and church services, and was longtime minister of education at First Church in Wichita Falls. His mother Opal Spillers Dilday was born in Memphis, Texas, and was a children's educational specialist in Baptist churches in Amarillo, Port Arthur, Port Neches, Wichita Falls and Dallas.
External links.
Sermons preached at First Baptist Church - Richmond, Virginia
Sources.
Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary "In 1994, the seminary experienced a sudden change in leadership with the dismissal of Russell H. Dilday as president and the appointment ..."
B. H. Carroll Theological Institute "The institute's founding chancellor is Russell H. Dilday , a former president of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary , who launched ..."
Southern Baptist Convention Conservative Resurgence/Fundamentalist Takeover
"Dr. Russell H. Dilday , president of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary from 1978 to 1994, has analogized what he calls "the ..."
Southern Baptist Convention "Dilday, Russell. Higher Ground: A Call for Christian Civility. Macon, Georgia: Smyth and Helwys, ..."
Howard Payne University "Dr. Russell H. Dilday (Interim President) 2002-2003"
Baptist Faith and Message "Russell H. Dilday . An Analysis of the Baptist Faith and Message 2000."

</doc>
<doc id="20086156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086156" title="Ángel Torres">
Ángel Torres

Ángel Rafael Torres Ruiz (born October 24, 1952 in La Ciénaga, Dominican Republic), is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw left-handed. Torres had a 0-0 record, with a 2.16 ERA, in five games, in his one year career. He was signed by the St. Louis Cardinals in 1971 as an amateur free agent, then traded to the Montreal Expos after the 1976 season with Bill Greif and Sam Mejías for Tony Scott, Steve Dunning and Pat Scanlon. He was then dealt to the Reds early in the 1977 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20086183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086183" title="Hokkons Baules">
Hokkons Baules

Hokkons Baules (born June 7, 1948) is a member of the Senate of Palau. He was elected in 2008 to fill the seat of the late Senate president, Johnny Reklai. He had previously served in the Senate from 1985 until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20086195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086195" title="Michael McMullan">
Michael McMullan

Michael McMullan is a sportscaster and radio presenter from County Antrim, Northern Ireland. . He presents "Premier League Live" (formerly "Premiership Live") each Saturday on national radio station Today FM. On each occasion he is joined in studio by BBC television analyst and former Republic of Ireland international footballer, Mark Lawrenson.
Career.
McMullan joined "Premiership Live" in 2001, six years before it underwent a name change to "Premier League Live". He presented Today FM's coverage of the 2002 FIFA World Cup from Japan/South Korea.
McMullan also features on "The Ray D'Arcy Show" on Today FM each Monday, where he discusses the previous weekend's sporting events.
In July 2007, he achieved the personal highlight of his reporting career, when he stood at the back of the 18th green at Carnoustie as the Irish golfer, Pádraig Harrington, holed the winning putt in The Open Championship.
Personal life.
Originally from County Antrim, McMullan has since moved to Dublin. His favourite sports are football, snooker and golf (he often has disagreements with D'Arcy over their differing opinions on the latter). He appeared on front of a newspaper with oncoming Taoiseach, then Minister for Finance, Bertie Ahern in 1992, after winning a competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20086199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086199" title="The Proteolysis Map">
The Proteolysis Map

The Proteolysis MAP (PMAP) is an integrated web resource focused on proteases.
Rationale.
PMAP is to aid the protease researchers in reasoning about proteolytic networks and metabolic pathways.
History and funding.
PMAP was originally created at the Burnham Institute for Medical Research, La Jolla, California. In 2004 the National Institutes of Health (NIH) selected a team led by Jeffrey W. Smith, to establish the Center on Proteolytic Pathways (CPP). As part of the NIH Roadmap for Biomedical research, the center develops technology to study the behavior of proteins and to disburse that knowledge to the scientific community at large.
Focal point.
Proteases are a class of enzymes that regulate much of what happens in the human body, both inside the cell and out, by cleaving peptide bonds in proteins. Through this activity, they govern the four essential cell functions: differentiation, motility, division and cell death — and activate important extracellular episodes, such as the biochemical cascade effect in blood clotting. Simply stated, life could not exist without them. Extensive on-line classification system for proteases (also referred as peptidases) is deposited in the MEROPS database.
The goal.
Proteolytic pathways, or proteolysis, are the series of events controlled by proteases that occur in response to specific stimuli. In addition to the clotting of blood, the production of insulin can be viewed as a proteolytic pathway, as the activation, regulation and inhibition of that protein is the result of proteases reacting to changing glucose levels and triggering other proteases downstream.
Database content.
PMAP integrates five databases.
ProteaseDB and SubstrateDB, are driven by an automated annotation pipeline that generates dynamic ‘Molecule Pages’, rich in molecular information. CutDB has information on more than 6,600 proteolytic events, and ProfileDB is dedicated to information of the substrate recognition specificity of proteases. PathwayDB, just begun accumulation of metabolic pathways whose function can be dynamically modeled in a rule-based manner. Hypothetical networks are inferred by semi-automated culling from the literature. Additionally, protease software tools are available for the analysis of individual proteases and proteome-wide data sets.
Usage.
Popular destinations in PMAP are Protease Molecule Pages and Substrate Molecule Pages. Protease Molecule Pages show recent news in PubMed literature of the protease, known proteolytic events, protein domain location and protein structure view, as well as a cross annotation in other bioinformatic databases section. Substrate Molecule Pages display protein domains and experimentally derived protease cut-sites for a given protein target of interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20086203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086203" title="Tapani Aartomaa">
Tapani Aartomaa

Tapani Aartomaa (1934 – October 27, 2009) was a Finnish graphic designer, who received much attention in Poland.
Aartomaa operated his own graphic design studio and lectured for years at the Institute of Design in Helsinki and the School of Design in Lahti. He designed several hundred posters and book illustrations and received national and international recognition, exhibiting notably in Poland, Germany, Russia, Estonia and Sweden but also in Cuba and Mexico and the far eastern countries of China and South Korea.
In 1975, he was one of the acclaimed creators of the International Poster Biennale in Lahti.
Artistic style.
Aartomaa, along with such peers as the artist Pekka Loiri have been described by a Polish art scholar and curator as "representing the next generation of Finnish artists whose works have contributed greatly to shaping the image of contemporary Finnish poster design. Their output includes numerous cultural, advertising, and public service posters produced using a variety of interesting graphic art techniques and characterized by a decisive, poetic use of color... In their posters I find all that I associate with Finland - a country unusual for its natural environment, architecture, and design." 
Aatomaa's artistic style is characterised by heavy use of primary colors often with an ascetic composition and typographic pictural form. Many of his works were inspired by natural elements which he used in compose abstract art. In the early 1960s he began producing book covers, and has been active in illustrating books throughout his career. In the 1970s, he was commissioned by the Lahti Museum of Design to create posters. His poster "Stop", dating back to the early 1970s is representative of his colorful poster art reflecting the environment and natural landscapes. Aatomaa had also collaborated with interior designer Yrjö Kukkapuro.

</doc>
<doc id="20086205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086205" title="William Chappell (bishop)">
William Chappell (bishop)

William Chappell (Chappel, Chapple) (10 December 1582 – 14 May 1649) was an English scholar and clergyman. He became Church of Ireland bishop of Cork and Ross.
Academic.
He was born in Mansfield. He was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge, where he became Fellow in 1607. His pupils at Christ's included John Lightfoot, Henry More, John Shawe, and John Milton.
In Milton's case, friction with Chappell may have caused him to leave the college temporarily (a rustication) in 1626. Another explanation is that plague caused an absence, and that Milton's "Elegy I" has been over-interpreted. He shared Chappell as tutor with Edward King – his "Lycidas" – and it is thought that Damoetas in the poem refers to Chappell (or possibly Joseph Mede).
On his return, Milton was taught by Nathaniel Tovey. Despite the personal problems, Milton may have learned from Chappell, who was a theoretician of preaching; this aspect of Milton is discussed in Jameela Lares, "Milton and the Preaching Arts" (2001). She suggests Andreas Hyperius, and his "De formandis concionibus sacris" (1553), as influential on Chappell and other writers on preaching and sermon types. Chappell was himself a pupil of William Ames, who left Christ's in 1610. Like Ames, he was a Ramist, though he differed from the Calvinist Ames on doctrine. Lares argues for Chappell as the link to the older Christ's preaching tradition, Milton connected back to William Perkins.
In any case, Chappell had a reputation then for strictness, and for being a hard man in a Latin disputation. Stories gathered about him: John Aubrey, an unreliable source, suggested Chappell had beaten Milton. One of Chappell's disputation opponents was supposedly James I, crushed in Oxford; another (William Roberts in 1615, later bishop of Bangor) allegedly had fainted. The anonymous "The Whole Duty of Man" (1658) has been attributed to Chappell, though modern opinion suggests Richard Allestree.
Later life.
Later Chappell was in favour with William Laud, and received preferments in Ireland. He was Dean of Cashel from 1633 to 1638 and was soon asked to reform Trinity College, Dublin. He was Provost there from 1634 to 1640, replacing Robert Ussher, with Wentworth's backing; amongst other changes, he put an end to the use of and teaching in the Irish language. He was then bishop of Cork in 1638.
With Laud's fall, he was imprisoned in Dublin, in 1641, and later in Tenby, before being released. He then lived in retirement in Nottinghamshire. A monument to him was made in a church at Bilsthorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="20086212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086212" title="Fort Arbuckle (Oklahoma)">
Fort Arbuckle (Oklahoma)

Not to be confused with Old Fort Arbuckle, a site in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
Fort Arbuckle was created in 1850 to stop raids by Plains Indian tribes on immigrant trains headed west to California and on settlements of Choctaws and Chickasaws in Indian Territory.
Captain Randolph B. Marcy was assigned the mission of selecting the site and constructing the fort, which would be named to honor the recently deceased General Matthew Arbuckle. The site was inside the boundary of the Chickasaw Nation and on the bank of the Washita River, west and north of the present town of Davis, Oklahoma. The overall size of the post was originally by , allowing enough room for friendly tribes to camp under the protection of the post. 
Marcy and his men constructed a rectangular fort, with barracks on opposite sides and the quartermaster and commissary facilities at opposite ends. Eventually the fort consisted of thirty buildings constructed of hewn logs and stone chimneys.
Major William H. Emory of the First Cavalry was appointed commander of both Fort Washita and Fort Arbuckle in 1858. He found the facilities at the fort inadequate. Many of the buildings were in a poor state of repair; ordinance stores were depleted;and surplus ammunition and gunpowder had to be buried in order to be weather protected. But even before the troops could remedy these faults, they received orders to build another fort, this one named Fort Cobb.
On May 3, 1861, after the Civil War broke out, Major Emory ordered the three forts under his command to be evacuated, with the troops going to Fort Leavenworth. The government of the Chickasaw Nation had already decided to support the Confederacy. Although it was briefly occupied by Confederate troops, no battle occurred in the vicinity, Fort Arbuckle played no part in the war. After the war, the post was regarrisoned by troops from the Sixth Infantry and Tenth Cavalry. 
General Philip Sheridan planned to use Fort Arbuckle as a supply depot for his campaigns against the Comanches in 1868. By the following spring, a great store of hay and grain had been brought by water to Fort Gibson and then by wagon to Fort Arbuckle. Sheridan sent many of his horses to the fort to be fed. Four companies of the Tenth Cavalry came to Fort Arbuckle for this purpose.
Fort Arbuckle was strategically obsolete by 1869, when Fort Sill was constructed farther west. Most of the Arbuckle garrison were sent there, after their horses had consumed the remaining supplies. The post was permanently abandoned in 1870. A single stone chimney from one of the only relic remaining of the old fort.

</doc>
<doc id="20086213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086213" title="What the Butler Saw (The Avengers)">
What the Butler Saw (The Avengers)

"What the Butler Saw" is the twenty-second episode of the fourth series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series "The Avengers", starring Patrick Macnee and Diana Rigg. It originally aired on ABC on 25 February 1966. The episode was directed by Bill Bain and written by Philip Levene.
Plot.
A butler asks for a pay rise and another butler, Benson, is hailed and hands a gun on a plate to a hidden man in a chair to kill the butler, whose body is then dropped in the lake. Steed visits a barber for a shave and his barber is stabbed by the man in the chair next to him. Steed investigates the disappearance of the butler, disguised first as a sailor and then as a Major. Brigadier "Percy" Ponsonby-Goddard informs Steed he is unwell and asks him to return at a later date. Ponsonby-Goddard's butler is later discovered stabbed. It seems that state secrets are being stolen and one of only three men are suspected. Mrs Peel visits Group Capt. "Georgie" Miles, a man susceptible to a pretty face, in order to learn more about him. She seduces him by placing photographs herself all around him and is then invited to dinner.
Steed visits the training academy which the murdered butlers attended and discovers that Hubert Hemming is both head of the academy and under the employ of Miles. Steed enrolls at the academy and polishes shoes, presses trousers and practices as a butler in his training, adhering to their motto, "Brighter, Better, More Beautiful". He impresses Hemming, but Hemming's own butler Benson is suspicious and knows Steed to be an imposter. Hemming is later working for Miles whilst he (Miles) is at a conference; Hemming is later lured away and killed by Benson, who returns the gun to the hidden man in the chair. He promises to kill Steed, who discovers Hemming's body in the washing machine. Benson holds Steed at gunpoint and informs him that he is aware of his false references but employs him anyway. Benson sends Steed to butler for Miles, whilst Miles is forcibly attempting to romance Mrs Peel. Later, Steed and several other butlers are given instructions to pour wine over Miles and the others attending the private conference and their jackets are taken by Benson. Steed and Mrs Peel discover that Benson has hidden miniature tape recorders in the jackets and is giving the state secrets to his real boss, the hidden man in the chair, now revealed to be Sergeant Moran. Moran and Benson are overpowered by Steed and Mrs Peel before flying off in a helicopter.
Production.
Production for the episode was completed from mid-late December 1965 to early January 1966. 
Reception.
Lamp stands shaped Minoan bulls used to decorate Miles's bachelor pad, designed by Harry Pottle, started retailing in a department in London six months after the episode was aired and have been cited as having "overtones of virility and eroticism and evidently considered highly saleable".

</doc>
<doc id="20086216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086216" title="Yukiwo P. Dengokl">
Yukiwo P. Dengokl

Yukiwo P. Dengokl (born November 25, 1955) is a member of the Senate of Palau. He has served in that body since 2000.
Senator Dengokl pursued his education in Economics at Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California and received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1979. He later returned to Santa Clara University to attend its Law Program and graduated with a Juris Doctor Degree in 1984. Senator Dengokl later became a member of the Palau Bar Association and the Hawaii State Bar Association. He was also appointed as Chairman of the Public Utilities Corporations Board of Directors and elected as one of the nine Senators of the Seventh Olbiil Era Kelulau, Palau National Congress, where he served as Senate Vice President. Senator Dengokl is a member of the Senate Committees on Judiciary & Governmental Affairs and Foreign Relations and Ways and Means and Financial Matters.

</doc>
<doc id="20086219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086219" title="John Kurzweg">
John Kurzweg

John Kurzweg (born 5 September 1960) is an American record producer and musician who first became known for his work with successful post-grunge band Creed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Three of Creed's records, which Kurzweg produced, were certified multi-platinum and helped Creed achieve worldwide popularity. Kurzweg also played keyboards and sang background vocals on Creed's first three albums. After Creed broke-up in 2004, Kurzweg produced lead vocalist Scott Stapp's platinum-selling debut album The Great Divide in 2005. Kurzweg has also produced other popular bands, such as Puddle of Mudd and Socialburn, as well as solo artists Jewel and Eagle Eye Cherry.
Kurzweg produced multiple albums for Puddle of Mudd, including their 2001 break-out success "Come Clean" and the majority of their follow-up release Life on Display in 2003. Kurzweg produced “Blurry,” which was released as their second single from the album Come Clean. The song is the band's best known song, reaching the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and Hot Modern Rock Tracks charts for ten and nine weeks, respectively. This soon propelled the single to mainstream success, reaching the No. 5 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay and Billboard Hot 100. The song is also the band's highest selling U.S. single ever, with sales of 753,000 copies, as of 2010. The single “She Hates Me” continued the group's popularity on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No. 13. It also topped the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for one week in October. The popularity of "She Hates Me" made it become Puddle of Mudd's second single to sell over 500,000 copies in the United States, following "Blurry". The song peaked at No. 14 in the UK Singles Chart making it the group's third Top 20 hit.
Prior to his success as record producer, in the 1980s, Kurzweg was a popular musician in the Tallahassee area, fronting bands such as Slapstick, Synergy, The Front, Radio Bikini and John Kurzweg and the Night. In late 1980s Kurzweg signed a record deal with Atlantic Records, which he released under the name John Phillip (using his middle name as his last name). The album, Wait for the Night, did not meet Kurzweg’s expectations and he returned to Tallahassee to pursue continue making music on his own terms.
Most recently Kurzweg has worked as producer, engineer and mixer for Godsmack’s “Whiskey Hangover”, which hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, and appeared on the deluxe edition of The Oracle. 
Kurzweg also served as and produced/engineered/mixed/co-wrote and played all the electric guitars on The Sean Healen Band’s 2009 cd Floodplain, in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Floodplain was awarded Best Rock CD 2009 at the New Mexico Music Awards.
Kurzweg also produced two of the tracks on Puddle of Mudd’s 2009 release Vol. 4 Songs in the Key of Love and Hate – “Better Place” and “Hooky”.

</doc>
<doc id="20086221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086221" title="Jody Thompson">
Jody Thompson

Jody Rae Thompson (born 13 August 1976) is a Canadian actress working in film and television.
Personal life.
Thompson was born in Vancouver, British Columbia to an English father, Ray Thompson, the lead singer of the garage rock band The Wiggy Symphony, and a German mother. Thompson is married to Canadian filmmaker Bruce Marchfelder, and the couple have three children and two German Shepherd Schutzhunds.
Acting career.
Television.
She is most widely known for her regularly recurring character Devon Moore on the USA network’s television series "The 4400", but she is also recognized as the warrior queen Azura in the 2007 television series Flash Gordon and in other recurring television roles including , Terminal City, and Cold Squad. She has numerous television guest star appearances, including roles on Freedom (TV series), Andromeda, Stargate, Smallville and Supernatural.
Film.
She acted in leading and starring roles in feature films and MOW’s like "Perfect Little Angels", "Fear of Flying", also "Mission to Mars", "Shanghai Noon", "2012" and many others. She has co-starred with Eric McCormack in "X-Files" producer Bob Goodwin's independent film "Alien Trespass" and starred in "".
Producing career.
She is the President of the International Filmmakers Institute – a production company dedicated to the creation of film and video artworks that endeavor to relieve social injustice and advance a message of hope, mercy and reconciliation.
She just completed producing a documentary film, "Montaña de Luz". It is a heartfelt story about a Honduran orphanage that cares for children living with HIV. The film was an Official Selection at the Rhode Island International Film Festival and is a 2008 Winner of the Heartland Film Festival's Crystal Heart Award (an award which "honors filmmakers whose work explores the human journey by artistically expressing hope and respect for the positive values of life").
She has also been recognized internationally for a short experimental film that she wrote and directed. The film was funded by The Canada Council for the Arts and is an impressionistic portrayal of a young girl's recovery from childhood trauma, "a silent film that speaks through a series of post-structuralist and surrealist signifiers in conversation."

</doc>
<doc id="20086222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086222" title="Nehemiah Strong">
Nehemiah Strong

Rev. Nehemiah Strong (24 February 1729 (N.S.) – 13 August 1807) was an American astronomer and meteorologist who was the first Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at Yale College from 1770 and produced a series of annual ephemerides, the astronomical element in almanacs, which were printed in Hartford, Connecticut, and in New Haven.
Strong was born in Northampton, Massachusetts, eldest of three children of Nehemiah and Hannah Strong and the grandson of Samuel and Esther (Clapp) Strong, of Northampton, Massachusetts.
Nehemiah Strong graduated from Yale College in 1755. He entered on a tutorship at Yale in November 1757 and was soon licensed to preach and was settled Congregationalist minister at Turkey Hill, now part of East Granby, Connecticut, 1761-67.
His marriage to Lydia Smith proved to be an embarrassment, when after she had been granted a divorce in February 1759 on grounds of abandonment, her husband, Andrew Burr Jr of New Haven, having gone to the West Indies in January 1755, Burr reappeared and her marriage to Nehemiah Strong was necessarily annulled, and as a result of entanglements he was dismissed from his pastorate at Turkey Hill, 23 June 1767. He married Mrs Mary Thomas, the widow of Dr Lemuel Thomas of Newtown, 15 June 1778.
Thereafter he resided in Newtown, in New Milford, where he kept an academy for boys, and, from 1803 in Bridgeport, giving occasional sermons and teaching to the time of his death. He resigned his chair at Yale in 1781, in a dispute over his salary, exacerbated by the sense on the part of the Corporation that he was not a sufficiently ardent Patriot. He represented Newtown in the Connecticut General Assembly, May 1784. His portrait by Ralph Earl, painted in 1789-90, was presented to Yale by the artist and remains in the University's collection.
His treatise on astronomy won him such a wide reputation that anonymous almanacs were attributed to him. His first essay at compiling an almanac was anonymous, for "Watson's Register" for 1775, printed at Hartford; his second essay was "The Connecticut Almanack" for 1778, which identified his Yale title only. From 1782 he published almanacs under his own name at Hartford and as "Hosea Stafford" in New Haven (1776–1804). In addition, finding that he was publicly assumed to be the "Isaac Bickerstaff", having disclaimed authorship in a letter to the "Connecticut Journal", New Haven, 27 October 1784, he apparently decided to take up the slack and issue almanacs as "Bickerstaff" himself: they appeared at Hartford for several years after 1785.
In a letter of 6 May 1803 to Elisha Babcock, Strong remarks that the calculations for the forthcoming year will be his last:
He recommended his pupil David Sanford of Newtown, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="20086238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086238" title="1989–90 KNVB Cup">
1989–90 KNVB Cup

The 72nd edition of the KNVB Cup started on September 2, 1989. The final was played on April 25, 1990: PSV beat Vitesse 1–0 and won the cup for the sixth time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 2 and 3, 1989.
Intermediary Round.
There was only room for 32 teams in the next round, so this intermediary round was held on October 4, 1989.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on December 8, 9, 10 and 13 1989. The ten highest ranked Eredivisie teams from last season entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on January 13 and 14, 1990.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 14, 1990.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 14, 1990.
Final.
PSV would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20086249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086249" title="Alfonso N. Diaz">
Alfonso N. Diaz

Alfonso N. Diaz is a member of the Senate of Palau. He is also a talk radio host, and served twenty-four years in the United States Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20086259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086259" title="Hurricane Paloma">
Hurricane Paloma

Hurricane Paloma was the seventeenth tropical cyclone, sixteenth tropical storm, eighth hurricane and fifth major hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. It was a late season hurricane, setting several records for its intensity and formation. Paloma was the third most powerful November hurricane on record in the Atlantic Basin, behind only a 1932 hurricane and 1999's Lenny. It also marked the first time that at least 1 major hurricane formed in every month of the hurricane season from July to November, with only June not having a major hurricane this season.
Paloma developed out of a strong tropical disturbance off the eastern coast of Nicaragua and northern coast of Honduras on November 5. The disturbance had slowly developed into a tropical depression while hugging the coastline. The depression strengthened into a tropical storm early on November 6, then a hurricane later that day. The next day, Paloma intensified into a Category 2 hurricane then soon a Category 3. Early on November 8, Paloma continued to intensify and reached Category 4 intensity, and then weakened rapidly into a Category 2 before making landfall in Santa Cruz del Sur, Cuba. Paloma weakened into a tropical storm on November 9 while moving over Cuba, where it stalled out. It dissipated later that evening. Hurricane Paloma caused heavy damage in both the Cayman Islands and Cuba. Damages in the Caymans amounted to $154.4 million (USD), and damages in Cuba totaled to $300 million (USD), and $100,000 in damage to Jamaica, for a total of $454.5 million (USD), with 1 fatality.
Due to the damage caused by the storm in the Cayman Islands and Cuba, on April 22, 2009 the World Meteorological Organization retired the name Paloma from its rotating name lists. It will be replaced with Paulette in 2014.
Meteorological history.
The wave that became Paloma moved west off the coast of Africa on October 23. The system became a low pressure system and remained steady on November 1 while in the southwestern Caribbean sea. On November 3, scattered convection formed along the circulation, which was poor defined. Convective banding became better organized, most of it drifted north-eastward due to the influence of the upper level winds. The low pressure area became a swirl of clouds and begin to show signs of organization while moving toward the northwest. The next day, it developed a low level circulation but remained exposed as its convection drifted northeastward. However, convective banding began to wrap around its center as it began to intensify but remained disorganized until the next day, when the disturbance became a depression- the seventeenth of the season. On November 6, cirrus outflow became circular around the center. Later that day, the depression strengthened into a tropical storm, and was named "Paloma" about 200 miles south-southwest of Grand Cayman. Paloma began to give heavy rainfall as is brushed through the coast line of Honduras and Nicaragua. Later that day, Paloma developed an eye like feature although its deep convection diminished as its deep outflow began to take place. Paloma headed northward, and strengthened into a hurricane according to supporting data from a NOAA buoy by the evening of November 6. Its circulation became even better organized but remained a relatively small hurricane. Gradual strengthening continued on November 7, and Paloma became a Category 2 hurricane that afternoon with its eye defined on the satellite. It continued to strengthen, but at a more rapid pace and became a Category 3 hurricane that evening, while passing very close to the south shore of Grand Cayman, with only minor damage reported. Paloma then took a more easterly turn, and became a Category 4 hurricane early on November 8, being the first Category 4 in November since 2001's Michelle, and was approaching Little Cayman and Cayman Brac at this time. The center of Paloma passed directly over the two islands that morning with 140 mph (220 km/h) winds, causing heavy damage.
Preparations.
Cayman Islands.
At 1500 UTC on November 6, the Government of the Cayman Islands issued a Hurricane Watch for all the islands. Six hours later, the watch was upgraded to a warning as hurricane conditions were expected to impact the islands within 24 hours. The warnings remained in place until 1500 UTC on November 8 when it was discontinued for Grand Cayman. By 2100 UTC the warnings were discontinued for the remainder of the islands. As Paloma approached the Cayman Islands while intensifying, residents and tourists were evacuated from low-lying areas and the airport was closed. Paloma was a category 4 hurricane when the cyclone’s eye passed just to the southeast of Little Cayman and Cayman Brac, with the northwestern eyewall passing over the eastern end of Cayman Brac. At its peak intensity, Paloma became the third-strongest November Atlantic hurricane on record; only the 1932 Cuba hurricane and Hurricane Lenny (1999) were stronger. On Cayman Brac an unofficial anemometer at an elevation of 73 meters above sea level measured a sustained wind of 131 kt/150.752 mph around 1200 UTC 8 November, near the time of Paloma’s maximum intensity. The British ship "RFA Wave Ruler" was sent to Little Cayman and Cayman Brac for humanitarian assistance, on the order of Governor Stuart Jack. About 100 people were evacuated to shelters on the islands as Paloma neared.
Cuba.
In Sancti Spiritus Province in Cuba, over 85,000 students were evacuated from low-lying areas ahead of the projected arrival of Paloma, and more evacuations are expected. In the central-eastern province of Camagüey alone, more than 220,000 people had been moved from low-lying areas to higher ground. Another 170,000 people were evacuated in the eastern province of Las Tunas.
Jamaica.
Although Paloma was not forecast to directly impact Jamaica, officials opened 15 priority shelters in St. James and all agencies were placed under high-alert.
Impact.
Honduras and Nicaragua.
As Paloma strengthened into a hurricane, outer bands of the storm produced heavy rains over parts of coastal Honduras and Nicaragua. TRMM satellites estimated that Paloma dropped upwards of of rain along the coastline. The rains in Honduras left several thousand people homeless, with at least 70,000 people left homeless after other storms during the year.
Cayman Islands.
Damage in Grand Cayman, for the most part, was not severe. There were reports of downed trees and power lines and some flooding was reported, however, all the main roads were passable. The electrical system on the island was partly damaged.
Cayman Brac, to the east of Grand Cayman, experienced hurricane force winds that blew roofs off some buildings, although there were no reports of casualties, according to the Hazard Management Committee. A sustained wind report of 151 mph (242 km/h) was reported on that island. Some Cayman Brac residents sought refuge in an emergency shelter where the roof partially collapsed. Torrential rains from Paloma peaked at on Cayman Brac with a storm surge up to . The District Commissioner of Cayman Brac said that 90 percent of the buildings were damaged and that about 500 people had taken refuge in shelters. The total cost of the damages amounted to $15 million (2008 USD) in the Cayman Islands.
Jamaica.
Flooding was reported in parts of Jamaica as a result of the outer bands of Paloma. One person drowned in Clarendon Parish while crossing a flooded river. Severe flooding also destroyed crops in 100 farms, causing over $100,000 in damages. In St. Catherine, several inches of rain caused flooding in Bog Walk Gorge which inundated several homes and stranded at least 15 people. Numerous vehicles were washed away in the floods.
Cuba.
Cuban utility officials say Paloma's effect on the power grid was not as bad as the destruction caused by Gustav and Ike earlier in the season. Paloma did, however knock down power and telephone lines, as well as a major communications tower. The hurricane brought with it a 14 foot (4 meter) storm surge which moved the coastline inland by almost a mile (about 1.5 km) in Santa Cruz del Sur, doing extensive damage.
In Santa Cruz del Sur where Paloma came ashore, 435 homes were torn to shreds. The sea swept more than a mile inland. The wind and waves left wooden houses in splinters, topped with seaweed. Two of the two-story concrete walls of a factory crumbled into piles of rubble, smashing 57 wooden fishing boats stored inside for safekeeping. An estimated 328 hectares of crops were destroyed by the storm, most of which were in the process of recovery following Hurricane Ike. A total of 8,000 homes in Santa Cruz were damaged and another 670 in Camaguey and Las Tunas. About 7,000 farmers and 4,700 residences were isolated by floodwaters. Overall damages in Cuba totaled to $300 million. The government has reported no Paloma-related deaths, but a dissident group has informed that one person died in the storm.
Florida.
After tracking through the Gulf of Mexico, the remnants of Paloma reached the Florida Panhandle on November 14. Shortly before crossing the coastline, convection suddenly and explosively developed, contributing to a swath of heavy rains. The highest amount was recorded in Bloxham at which contributed to flash flooding. Unofficial radar observations indicated rainfall totals up to . The torrential rains marked the highest rainfall for November 14 in the state of Florida. After weakening, the energy from Paloma continued inland, possibly contributing to a deadly tornado outbreak in the Carolinas. Flood waters south of Tallahassee reached in places, stranding vehicles. One person was trapped by flood waters but was rescued without injury.
Aftermath.
Cayman Islands.
Local groups in the Cayman Islands set up funds following Hurricane Paloma. By March 3, 2009, one group raised $120,000 in relief funds and received another $20,000 in donations. Following the storm, the British Red Cross released £15,000 (US$23,500) in emergency funds. The Government of the Cayman Islands and the Adventist Disaster Response Agency distributed basic relief items such as tarpaulins, hygiene items and buckets to victims of the storm.
Cuba.
Already severely impacted by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, the European Commission, through its Humanitarian Aid department was already providing € 2 million (US$2.7 million) in relief aid. By November 21, about 6,000 volunteers from the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies were in Cuba assisting in cleanup efforts and helping victims in shelters. The organization also allocated US$8.8 million in relief funds for 60,000 people affected by Paloma.
Records.
Paloma is one of seven major hurricanes recorded in the month of November — the others were the seventh storm of 1912, the Cuba hurricane of 1932, Hurricane Greta in 1956, Hurricane Kate in 1985, Hurricane Lenny in 1999 and Hurricane Michelle in 2001. Also, when it reached Category 3 intensity on November 7, the 2008 season was the first on record to have at least one major hurricane form in each of July, August, September, October and November, becoming the first hurricane season on record to have a major hurricane form in five different months of the hurricane season. On November 8, Paloma became the fifth hurricane to reach Category 4 strength in the month of November—a feat previously accomplished only by the Cuba Hurricane, Greta, Lenny and Michelle—and is the second-latest-forming storm to reach Category 4 strength. In terms of wind, Paloma is the third strongest November hurricane, behind the 1932 hurricane and Lenny.

</doc>
<doc id="20086260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086260" title="Gyula Borka">
Gyula Borka

Gyula Borka (born: June 3, 1959 in Budapest, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian athlete, who specialized in the long-distance running events. He represented his native European country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona (Spain), finishing in 38th place (2:20:46).

</doc>
<doc id="20086269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086269" title="Jamal Sadat">
Jamal Sadat

Jamal Sadat (, born 2 July 1983 in Addis Abeba) is an Ethiopian football goalkeeper. He currently plays for Ethiopian Coffee.
Sadat is a member of the Ethiopia national football team. He cames in Winter 2003 from Nyala SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20086272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086272" title="Hoary basil">
Hoary basil

Hoary basil may refer to a number of plant species:

</doc>
<doc id="20086277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086277" title="Joshua Koshiba">
Joshua Koshiba

Joshua Koshiba (born 1943) is a member of the Senate of Palau. After his re-election in 2004, he became the longest-serving member of that body in the history of Palau.

</doc>
<doc id="20086285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086285" title="Red Torkelson">
Red Torkelson

Chester Leroy "Red" Torkelson (March 19, 1894 - September 22, 1964), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Cleveland Indians. He batted and threw right-handed. Torkelson had a 2-1 record, with a 7.66 ERA, in four games, in his one year career. He was born and died in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20086303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086303" title="C. Lamont Smith">
C. Lamont Smith

Charles Lamont Smith is an African American football sports agent, the founder and president of sports and entertainment representation firm All Pro Sports and Entertainment. "Black Enterprise" selected him as one of the top 50 black sports professionals in the country.
Smith has been described by the "New York Times" as one of the most powerful sports agents in the country.
Smith was honored by the Black Sports Agents Association as Agent of the Year in July 2001.
Biography.
Smith graduated "magna cum laude" from Clark Atlanta University.
Smith worked for a time at the Atlanta television station WATL-TV as a production assistant; he also ushered at Atlanta Hawks basketball games.
Smith decided to go back to school and graduated from Howard University Law School in 1984. Smith worked at the Denver law firm of Gorsuch, Kirgis, Campbell, Walker & Grover for three years in their sports marketing branch.
Smith started All Pro Sports and Entertainment (APSE) with $10,000 of his own money and $100,000 from an investor. In 1991, APSE grossed an estimated $2 million in revenues ($ adjusted for inflation).
Clients.
Smith represented former Tennessee Titans running back Eddie George, and negotiated him a six-year, $42 million contract that made him the highest-paid running back in the NFL. He represented Jerome Bettis with the Pittsburgh Steelers and got him a six-year $30 million contract extension; he represented Trevor Pryce, whose seven-year, $70 million deal with the Denver Broncos made him the highest paid NFL defensive player . 
Smith's firm has represented Barry Sanders (retired, Detroit Lions), Kevan Barlow (running back, San Francisco 49ers), Willie Roaf (offensive tackle, New Orleans Saints), Derrick Alexander (wide receiver, Kansas City Chiefs), Chad Brown (linebacker, Seattle Seahawks), Jason Gildon (linebacker, Pittsburgh Steelers), Pierre Thomas (Star running back/kickoff-returner for the New Orleans Saints) and others.
Racial equity in sports representation.
"USA Today" calls Smith a pioneer. Smith serves on the advisory board of the Black Entertainment and Sports Lawyers Association, an organization trying to increase minority participation in sports and entertainment.
Smith expressed frustration that although 14 of the 15 players selected in the first round of the 2004 NFL draft were black, only one selected a black agent to represent him. "What kind of message are we sending to African-American athletes when on the first day of the draft they turn on the TV and all they see are white guys in decision-making roles?" Smith said in an interview with ESPN. "The mentality of the player and decision-maker has to change," he said. "It can only change through education—becoming aware that if you get someone competent to do your deals, no matter their skin color, you'll pretty much be OK. But you have to give African-Americans a chance to come in and compete for the business."

</doc>
<doc id="20086307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086307" title="Pierre-Henri Dorie">
Pierre-Henri Dorie

Pierre Henri Dorie (1839–1866) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, who was martyred in Korea in 1866.
Biography.
Henri Dorie was born on 23 September 1839 in Saint-Hilaire-de-Talmont in Vendée.
Following the arrest and execution of Bishop Siméon-François Berneux on 7 March 1866, all but three of the French missionaries in Korea were also captured and executed: among them were Bishop Antoine Daveluy, Father Just de Bretenières, Father Louis Beaulieu, Father Dorie, Father Pierre Aumaître, Father Martin-Luc Huin, all of them members of the Paris Foreign Missions Society.
The persecutions triggered the French Campaign against Korea in October–November 1866.
Like the other martyrs, Pierre Henri Dorie was canonized by Pope John Paul II on 6 May 1984 under the name Peter Henricus Dorie.

</doc>
<doc id="20086309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086309" title="Caleb T. O. Otto">
Caleb T. O. Otto

Caleb Tyndale Okauchi Otto (born May 19, 1943 in Peleliu) is a Palauan physician who serves as a member of the senate of Palau. He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Washington in 1970. He has worked in health services in Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="20086328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086328" title="Good Samaritan Society">
Good Samaritan Society

The Good Samaritan Society is a Canadian Lutheran Social Service Organization that has 60 years of experience in providing continuing care, assisted living and other health and community care services. It is one of the largest not-for-profit, voluntary care providers in Alberta and British Columbia.
Aim.
The Good Samaritan Society strives to provide a quality of care that will enable the elderly and the physically and mentally challenged to experience an optimum quality of life.
Service area.
The Good Samaritan Society serves over 7500 individuals throughout Alberta and in British Columbia. The society holds an organization-wide three-year accreditation status with Accreditation Canada through 2011.
History.
The society was created in 1949 and built its first facility, a long-term care hospital in 1955. Capital development since then in the greater Edmonton area includes five continuing care centres, four assisted living facilities, an apartment building for independent seniors, and many purpose-built or service-provided homes. 
In 2001, the society expanded outside of the greater Edmonton area into smaller communities in Alberta and British Columbia. Since that time, GSS has opened programs in Medicine Hat, Lethbridge, Pincher Creek, Magrath, Stony Plain, Hinton, Evansburg, and Rocky Mountain House, Alberta, and Kelowna, Penticton, Vernon, Salmon Arm, New Westminster, Gibsons and Nanaimo, British Columbia. Facilities are under construction in Taber, Raymond and Cardston, Alberta.
Organisation.
A volunteer Board of Directors governs GSS as a not-for-profit health and social services organization. Registered in Alberta and British Columbia, The society is owned by members who qualify for membership status.
Employees.
There are 3,500 full-time, part-time, and casual employees and more than 1600 volunteers. The populations served include the independent elderly, frail elderly, mentally challenged, physically challenged, and chronically ill. Service areas include independent living; assisted living; complex/continuing care; programs for persons with development disabilities; Telecare personal emergency response services; rehabilitative services; community care programs and day programs.
Strategy.
In 1990, the Board of Directors recommended that the society adopt strategies to meet the service demands, cultural changes, and economic trends that it had forecast. One of the outcomes was the development of assisted living. The first assisted living facility in Canada, Wedman House, officially opened April 1994. 
Programs.
The Good Samaritan Society has developed a cottage program for persons with Alzheimer's disease and other dementia. The society runs community programs, such as day programs and shared living that seeks to assist people in their own homes and communities.
The ministry.
"But a Samaritan, as he traveled, came where the man was; and when he saw him, he took pity on him. He went to him and bandaged his wounds, pouring on oil and wine. Then he put the man on his donkey, took him to an inn and took care of him." Luke 10: 33-34

</doc>
<doc id="20086334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086334" title="Alan R. Seid">
Alan R. Seid

Alan Rechuldak Seid (born June 9, 1957) is a Palauan businessman and politician of partially American Jewish origin. He is a member of the senate of Palau. In the 2008 presidential election he was the running mate of Elias Camsek Chin.

</doc>
<doc id="20086335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086335" title="Momentem">
Momentem

Momentem is a call, time and expense management service for smartphones.
Momentem is mobile expense management software that is a combination of downloadable software on a smartphone and a managed service. Users of Momentem tag mobile calls and log activities with their smartphone. As a result they have a better understanding as to what their mobile calls and usage were used for when they compare Momentem’s reports to their phone bills. Each call and tagged activity gets allocated to the user’s customers and projects. Momentem’s system and corresponding customer management web portal generates spreadsheets that allows users to recover more phone costs, and save time with administrative tasks.
Momentem empowers users to flag calls as billable time and cost, and type notes about the call for follow-up or an audit trail. Users can also generate on-demand reports of their tagged activities directly from the handset; a summary appears on the screen and a detailed report is sent to them via email in Excel format which is more detailed and usable than a typical mobile phone bill. These reports allow users to generate bills and expense claims to their employers or customers for their time and cost.
The concept of "call tagging", i.e. allocating meaningful context and information to mobile calls, is brand new to the wireless industry. There are hundreds of examples of the benefits people get by applying tags to their calls, at http://www.momentem.net/comments

</doc>
<doc id="20086347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086347" title="Sylfaen railway station">
Sylfaen railway station

Sylfaen railway station, located in the tiny hamlet of Sylfaen, is a railway halt on the narrow gauge Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20086350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086350" title="Arkansas Scholarship Lottery">
Arkansas Scholarship Lottery

The Arkansas Scholarship Lottery is run by the government of Arkansas.
History.
On November 4, 2008, Arkansas voters approved a ballot question legalizing the sale of lottery tickets there. The Arkansas Scholarship Lottery Act establishes a Commission to oversee the operation of the Lottery in Arkansas (see Arkansas Lottery Commission below). On July 1, 2009, Arkansas voted to join the Multi-State Lottery Association (MUSL); it was the 33rd lottery to join.
Ticket buyers must be at least 18, which is the usual minimum age for US lotteries, but lower than in neighboring Louisiana. Video lottery is prohibited. Arkansas started selling scratch off tickets on September 28, 2009. Powerball tickets went on sale on October 31, 2009. Mega Millions tickets went on sale in Arkansas on January 31, 2010.
Arkansas conducts its in-house draw games using a random number generator (RNG); it is believed to be the first US lottery to begin with computerized drawings. Balls and drawing machines are not used by the Lottery, although this "classic" drawing method is used in Arkansas' multi-jurisdictional games (Decades of Dollars, Mega Millions, and Powerball.)
Arkansas Lottery Commission.
Subchapter 2 of the Arkansas Scholarship Lottery Act establishes the creation of the Arkansas Lottery Commission. The subchapter establishes the Commission or Lottery as a self-supporting and revenue-raising agency of the state. The commission has 9 members by law, of whom three are appointed by the Governor, three are appointed by the Speaker of the state House of Representatives, and three are appointed by the President Pro Tempore of the state Senate. After the initial appointment of commissioners, the normal term of each commissioner is six years. Commissioners may not serve more than two terms of six years and may not be General Assembly members or anyone in their immediate family. 
Current Commissioners
Former Commissioners
Drawing games.
Multi-jurisdiction draw games.
Decades of Dollars (4 lotteries).
"Decades of Dollars" began on January 30, 2011, in Georgia, Kentucky, and Virginia; Arkansas joined that May.
Players choose 6 of 47 numbers for each $2 game. Any ticket with at least two numbers wins; three matches win $10, four numbers, $100, or five numbers, $10,000 (with a $250,000 liability limit across the four jurisdictions.)
Matching all six numbers wins $250,000 per year in 30 installments; a cash option of $4,000,000 is available. There have been six top-prize winners to date; all have chosen the cash option. Arkansas is the only lottery with "Decades of Dollars" that has yet to produce a top prize in the game.
Arkansas-only draw games.
Cash 3.
Cash 3 is a game that has 13 drawings weekly (twice daily except Sundays). It began on December 14, 2009. Prices, prizes, and options vary.
Cash 4.
Cash 4 was originally to begin in February 2010, but was delayed until July 2010. It also has 13 weekly drawings. Prices, prizes, and options will vary; the maximum prize is $5,000 on a $1 play.
Natural State Jackpot.
On August 27, 2012 sell of tickets as part of the Natural State Jackpot will begin. The Natural State Jackpot will be similar to the Arkansas Cash 3 and Cash 4 games, except there will be 5 winning numbers drawn. Drawings will occur via use of random number generator, and will take place 6 nights per week. Average jackpot is expected to be approximately $150,000.
Play It Again.
Every Arkansas Scholarship Lottery instant game qualifies for entry into a "Play It Again" drawing. When the game is over, the top cash prize winner will be selected randomly from all qualifying entries for that game.
Some player-favorite games like Jumbo Bucks may always be available to play. Periodically, there will be second chance drawings scheduled to award the top prize from those games.

</doc>
<doc id="20086364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086364" title="Mlib Tmetuchl">
Mlib Tmetuchl

Mlib Tmetuchl is a Palauan businessman and politician. He was the president of the Senate of Palau.

</doc>
<doc id="20086373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086373" title="The Guru Josh Project">
The Guru Josh Project

In 2007, Guru Josh Project was formed by Darren Bailie. The group consisted of Paul Walden a.k.a. Guru Josh, Anders Nyman, and Darren Bailie. In 2008 they released their first track, Infinity 2008, with two main remixes. One remix is by German producer Klaas and one by Jerome isma-ae. The track experienced immediate widespread success, peaking at No. 1 on the Belgian, Dutch and French and Danish singles charts, the Czech airplay chart and the Eurochart Hot 100. The band also had great success in the USA by winning the best house music track at International Dance Music Awards in Miami. 
They released Crying In The Rain in 2009 but had limited success due to differences in musical direction within the band. The band disbanded in 2009 and the members have now started working on individual projects and The Guru Josh Project still performs from time to time. Paul Walden still performs under his stage name of Guru Josh and Darren Bailie and Anders Nyman now perform as the Guru Project and have huge success with their first two releases, one being Celebration (The official hymn for the street parade 2010) and with their first official world release "This Is The Night"
Discography.
2008 Infinity 2008
"Peak-Positions
- European Billboard Single Charts: #1 (already 41 weeks on chart)
- Germany: #4 Single Charts (Platinum status – 52 weeks on chart – over 100 third party compilations
only in the territory of GAS including all big major hit compilations)
- United Kingdom: #3 Single Charts (Silver status – NMC Certified 10,000 plays on UK Radio)
- France: #1 Single Charts
- Spain: #1 Single Charts
- Netherlands: #1 Single Charts
- Belgium: #1 Single Charts
- Poland: #1 Single Charts
- Norway: #3 Single Charts (Platinum status)
- Denmark: #3 Single Charts (Platinum status)
- Russia: #1 Single Charts
- Ukraine: #1Single Charts
- Switzerland: #2 Single Charts (Platinum status)
- Austria: #3 Single Charts
- USA: #1 iTunes Dance Sales Charts
- Canada: #1 iTunes Dance Sales Charts (Platinum status)
2009 Crying In The rain

</doc>
<doc id="20086376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086376" title="Llanquihue, Chile">
Llanquihue, Chile

Llanquihue () is a Chilean commune and city in Llanquihue Province, Los Lagos Region. The city lies on the western shore of Lake Llanquihue, where the Maullín River starts. It is located north of Puerto Varas and south of Frutillar and is connected to both cities by Chile Highway 5.
History.
On 19 June 1968, the government promulgated the law creating the Commune of Llanquihue. The National Congress approved the bill, which in its first article states: Commune Llanquihue Puerto Varas, Llanquihue Province, the capital is the town of Llanquihue.
According to the National Congress argued senator Julio von Mühlenbrock, the reasons why particular importance to start this community are based mainly on the need to develop tourism in the area.
A dialect of German is spoken by the people of this commune.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Llanquihue spans an area of and has 16,337 inhabitants (8,141 men and 8,196 women). Of these, 12,728 (77.9%) lived in urban areas and 3,609 (22.1%) in rural areas. The population grew by 13.6% (1,951 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Llanquihue is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Juan Vazquez Vasquez (Ind.).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Llanquihue is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Fidel Espinoza (PS) and Carlos Recondo (UDI) as part of the 56th electoral district, (together with Puyehue, Río Negro, Purranque, Puerto Octay, Fresia, Frutillar, Puerto Varas and Los Muermos). The commune is represented in the Senate by Camilo Escalona Medina (PS) and Carlos Kuschel Silva (RN) as part of the 17th senatorial constituency (Los Lagos Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20086380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086380" title="Simon Rockower Award">
Simon Rockower Award

The Simon Rockower Award is an award given for "Excellence in Jewish Journalism". The award is sponsored by the American Jewish Press Association.
List of Categories/Divisions.
Category 1: The Louis Rapoport Award for Excellence in Commentary<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation and magazines<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 2: Award for Excellence in Single Commentary<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation and magazines<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 3: Award for Excellence in Editorial Writing<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation and magazines<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 4: The Boris Smolar Award for Excellence in Comprehensive Coverage or Investigative Reporting<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 5: Excellence in News Reporting<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 6: Excellence in Feature Writing<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
Division C. Magazines/ Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 7: Excellence in Arts and Criticism News and Features<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation and magazines<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
<br>
Category 8: The David Frank Award for Excellence in Personality Profiles<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
Division C. Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 9: Excellence in Overall Graphic Design<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
Division C. Magazines<br>
<br>
Category 10: Excellence in Special Sections or Supplements<br>
Division A. Newspapers over 15,000 circulation<br>
Division B. Newspapers under 15,000 circulation<br>
Division C. Magazines<br>
<br>
Category 11: Excellence in Photography<br>
Division A. All Newspapers<br>
Division B. Magazines<br>
<br>
Category 12: The Noah Bee Award for Excellence in Illustration and/or Editorial Cartooning<br>
Division A. Cartoons. All Newspapers/Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
Division B. Illustrations. All Newspapers/Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 13: Jerusalem Foundation Excellence in Jerusalem Reporting<br>
All Newspapers and Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 14: Hadassah Award for Excellence in Writing about Women<br>
All Newspapers and Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 15: American Technion Society for Excellence in Writing about Scientific and Technological Innovation Out of Israel<br>
All Newspapers and Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>
Category 16: Micro-Circulation Award for Excellence<br>
All Newspapers with a circulation of 3,000 and under<br>
<br>
Category 17: Celebrate 350: Jewish Life in America Award<br>
All Newspapers and Magazines/Special Sections and Supplements<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20086390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086390" title="Fort McCulloch">
Fort McCulloch

Fort McCulloch was a Confederate military fort built by CSA Brigadier General Albert Pike in the Indian Territory during the American Civil War after the Battle of Pea Ridge. 
History.
After the southern states seceded from the United States of America, Albert Pike negotiated treaties between the Five Civilized Tribes and the Confederate government, promising that the Confederacy would take over the obligations that the Union failed to fulfill and take over defense for the Indian Territory. 
Pike was appointed commander of the Department of the Indian Territory in November 1861. His first assignment was to construct a fort north of Bacone College on the Arkansas River near Muskogee. He named this site Cantonment Davis. However, he and his troops were ordered to leave the site to support the Confederate troops at Pea Ridge. They never returned to Cantonment Davis.
Pike's Native American troops participated in the Battle of Pea Ridge near Leetown, Arkansas in March 1862. The battle was a defeat for the Confederate Army. Pike then considered that his Indian Territory command post at Fort Davis, Cherokee Nation, was vulnerable to a Union attack. He retreated to the Choctaw Nation in southern Indian Territory. Pike chose a site on a bluff on the west side of the Blue River near Nail's Crossing, where he established Fort McCulloch, named for General Benjamin McCulloch, who fell in battle at Pea Ridge. 
The site, about southwest of the present-day town of Kenefic, Oklahoma, controlled military roads linking Fort Smith with Fort Washita, Fort Gibson and north Texas. The fort had earthworks, but no permanent buildings. Its importance diminished after Pike resigned his command in July 1862. It was not abandoned until the end of the war. Meanwhile it served as a haven for pro-Confederate refugees. General Stand Watie used it briefly as a command post in 1865.
Fort McCulloch was built to defend Texas from a Union attack. It had extensive earthworks designed to defend against any advance.

</doc>
<doc id="20086394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086394" title="Surangel S. Whipps">
Surangel S. Whipps

Surangel S. Whipps is a Palauan businessman and politician. He served as president of the senate of Palau from 2007 to 2009. He is from Airai.

</doc>
<doc id="20086405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086405" title="Csaba Szűcs (athlete)">
Csaba Szűcs (athlete)

Csaba Szűcs (born January 29, 1965 in Kiskunfélegyháza, Bács-Kiskun) is a retired Hungarian athlete, who specialized in the long-distance running events. He represented his native Eastern European country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he did not finish the race.
He was the winner of the 1989 Italian Marathon and also won the Lille Marathon in 1993. He was selected for the Hungarian team at the 1990 European Athletics Championships and finished in ninth place in the marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20086416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086416" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegany County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegany County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegany County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 44 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20086437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086437" title="Finished with the Dogs">
Finished with the Dogs

Finished with the Dogs is the second album by Holy Moses, released in 1987 on AAARRG Records. It was re-released on August 5, 2005 through Armageddon with 4 bonus live tracks. 
All music and lyrics are by Andy Classen and Sabina Classen. 

</doc>
<doc id="20086438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086438" title="Fritz Lindemann">
Fritz Lindemann

General Fritz Lindemann (11 April 1894 – 22 September 1944) was a German Artillery officer and member of the resistance to Adolf Hitler.
Life and career.
He was born in Charlottenburg, Berlin. After service in World War I he was a temporary member of the German peace delegation in Versailles. He then served in the Reichswehr and trained staff officers.
In World War II he served in Poland, France and on the Eastern Front. Lindemann also served at the Division Commander of the German 132nd Infantry Division from January 1942 to August 1943, before appointment as Chief of Staff of the Artillery Oberkommando des Heeres. He also developed contacts with conspirators against Adolf Hitler including General Helmuth Stieff and following the assassination of Hitler it was proposed that he would read the conspirators proclamation to the German people over the radio, but he did not appear at the Bendlerblock on 20 July 1944 in order to do so. After the failure of the 20 July plot coup attempt he went into hiding in Dresden and Berlin. He was found and seriously wounded during his arrest by the Gestapo in September 1944 and died in hospital from his injuries. Erich and Elisabeth Gloeden, Elisabeth Kuznitzky, Hans Sierks and Carl Marks were executed for helping him.

</doc>
<doc id="20086462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086462" title="Pleasant Hill, Dallas County, Alabama">
Pleasant Hill, Dallas County, Alabama

Pleasant Hill is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama.
History.
The community began as a trading post called Fort Rascal prior to the Indian removal, it gained a post office in the 1840s and the name was changed to Pleasant Hill. The community was visited by Philip Henry Gosse, an English naturalist, for an eight-month period in 1838 when he taught school for Reuben Saffold, a local plantation owner. His studies and drawings of the flora and fauna of the area and his recollections of slavery were later published in his book "Letters from Alabama". Pleasant Hill has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Pleasant Hill Presbyterian Church. It has several sites listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage and one nearby, Belvoir.
Geography.
Pleasant Hill is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20086463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086463" title="Brice Brown">
Brice Brown

Brice Brown (born October 10, 1972) is an American artist who lives and works in New York City.
Career.
Brown received his BA from Dartmouth College and his MFA from Pratt Institute. His work has been reviewed in the "Artforum","New York Times", "Art in America" and "The Village Voice" among others. He has collaborated on limited editions with poet Denise Duhamel (for the DVD animation “Laiterie”) and artist Trevor Winkfield (for the silkscreen portfolio "I Come In Search Of Walnuts"). Brown has held residencies at Yaddo, Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, and Vermont Studio Center. As a writer, Brown was an art critic for the "The New York Sun" from 2005–2008, and for City Arts from 2009–2010, and has written numerous exhibition catalog essays. He also published and edited an annual arts journal called "The Sienese Shredder" from 2006–2009. He is the current President of the Board of Directors of Visual AIDS in New York City.
Art.
Selected solo exhibition.
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2005
Selected group exhibition.
2014
2013
2012
2009
2008
2007
2006
2004
2003
Public collections.
Brown's work is included in the public collections of:
Sienese Shredder.
Brown is editor of "The Sienese Shredder", an annual arts and literary journal that has been published since 2006. Brown has contributed interviews, critical essays and art to the publication. He also oversees Sienese Shredder Editions, an editions and print-publishing project associated with the "Sienese Shredder".
Arts criticism.
Brown was an arts critic at "The New York Sun" from 2006–2008, and for City Arts from 2009–2010. He focused on design, decorative arts and antiques.
2007
2006
2005
2001
2000

</doc>
<doc id="20086469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086469" title="Auchencastle railway station">
Auchencastle railway station

Auchencastle railway station was a station which served Auchencastle, near Beattock, in the Scottish county of Dumfries and Galloway. It was served by local trains on what is now known as the West Coast Main Line. The nearest station for Auchencastle is now at Lockerbie.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923 and was then closed by that company.
The site today.
Trains pass at speed on the electrified West Coast Main Line but there is no station at the site now.

</doc>
<doc id="20086472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086472" title="1904–05 IPHL season">
1904–05 IPHL season

The 1904-05 IPHL season was played by teams of the International Professional Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20086477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086477" title="Strengthen the Arm of Liberty">
Strengthen the Arm of Liberty

The Boy Scouts of America celebrated their fortieth anniversary in 1950 with the theme of Strengthen the Arm of Liberty. The campaign was inaugurated in February with a dramatic ceremony held at the base of the Statue of Liberty.
Background.
Hundreds of smaller replicas of the Statue of Liberty have been created worldwide. The classical appearance (Roman stola, sandals, facial expression) derives from Libertas, ancient Rome's goddess of freedom from slavery, oppression, and tyranny. Her raised right foot is on the move. This symbol of Liberty and Freedom is not standing still or at attention in the harbor, it is moving forward, as her left foot tramples broken shackles at her feet, in symbolism of the United States' wish to be free from oppression and tyranny.
Between 1949 and 1952, approximately two hundred 100-inch (2.5 m) replicas of the statue, made of stamped copper, were purchased by Boy Scout troops and donated in 39 states in the U.S. and several of its possessions and territories. The project was the brainchild of Kansas City businessman, J.P. Whitaker, who was then Scout Commissioner of the Kansas City Area Council.
The copper statues were manufactured by Friedley-Voshardt Co. (Chicago, Illinois) and purchased through the Kansas City Boy Scout office by those wanting one. The statues are approximately 8 feet tall without the base, constructed of sheet copper, weigh 290 pounds, and originally cost $350 plus freight. The mass-produced statues are not great art nor meticulously accurate (a conservator notes that "her face isn't as mature as the real Liberty. It's rounder and more like a little girl's"), but they are cherished. Many have been lost or destroyed, but preservationists have been able to account for about a hundred of them, and BSA Troop 101 of Cheyenne, Wyoming has collected photographs of over 100 of them.
Examples of the statues can be found at Fayetteville, Arkansas, Pine Bluff, Arkansas, Greeley, Colorado, at the Mississippi riverfront in Burlington, Iowa, at Overland Park, Kansas and at Chimborazo Park in Richmond, Virginia.
A Strengthen the Arm of Liberty brass pin was also available for uniform and civilian wear. The pin is in the shape of the Statue of Liberty superimposed on a fleur de lis. The Robbins Company, which made BSA's Eagle medals for many years, made these pins and the winged "R" hallmark is prominently displayed on the reverse. In addition, a commemorative neckerchief slide was made for Boy Scouts and for the Cub Scouts.
Over the years, the copper skins on several of the miniature statues began to take on oxidation, perfectly resembling the statue from which they are modeled, and several more had been renovated, and repaired, the statue in Burlington had been taken from its original position in Dankwardt Park, completely renovated, repaired, and polished, and then placed on a pedestal at the riverfront, where it sits today.

</doc>
<doc id="20086494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086494" title="Curfew bell">
Curfew bell

The curfew bell was a bell rung in the evening in Medieval England as the signal for everyone to go to bed. 
A bell was rung usually around eight o'clock in the evening which meant for them to cover their fires - deaden or cover up, not necessarily put out altogether. The usual procedure was at the sound of the curfew bell the burning logs were removed from the centre of the hearth of a warming fire and the hot ashes swept to the back and sides. The cold ashes were then raked back over the fire so as to cover it. The ashes would then keep smoldering giving warmth without a live fire going. The fire could easily be reignited the next morning by merely adding logs back on and allowing air to vent through the ashes. A benefit of covering up the fire in the evening was the prevention of destructive conflagrations caused by unattended live fires, a major concern since at the time most structures were made of wood and burned easily. Voltaire, in his "Universal History", notes the curfew bell acted as an ancient police on fire prevention in towns of the northern hemisphere.
History.
The curfew bell with the associated curfew law is recorded by history as having been started by Alfred the Great. The law associated with the curfew bell is a custom that history records as being adopted by William I of England in the year 1068. The curfew law imposed upon the people was a compulsory duty they had to do or be punished like a criminal. Historians, poets, and lawyers speak of the Medieval law associated with the curfew bell as being levelled mostly against the conquered Anglo-Saxons. It was initially used as a repressive measure by William I to prevent rebellious meetings of the conquered English. He prohibited the use of live fires after the curfew bell was rung to prevent associations and conspiracies. The curfew bell was heard by the Anglo-Saxons as the sound of their departed liberty and a testimony of their slavery. The strict practice of this medieval tradition was pretty much observed during the reign of King William I and William II of England. The law was eventually repealed by Henry I of England in 1103.
A century later in England the curfew bell was associated more with a time of night rather than an enforced curfew law. The curfew bell was in later centuries rung but just associated with a tradition. In Medieval times the ringing of the curfew bell was of such importance that land was occasionally paid for the service. There are even recorded instances where the sound of the curfew bell sometimes saved the lives of lost travellers by safely guiding them back to town.
In Macaulay's "History of Claybrook" (1791), he says, "The custom of ringing curfew, which is still kept up in Claybrook, has probably obtained without intermission since the days of the Norman Conqueror."
In the Articles for the Sexton of Faversham in England it was written of the curfew bell,
The time of the curfew bell changed in later centuries after the Middle Ages to nine in the evening and sometimes even to ten. To this day in many towns there is a "curfew" at nine or ten that can be heard throughout the town, which is usually the town's emergency siren - sometimes used as the town's noon whistle.
Etymology.
The English word "curfew" is from old French "carre-feu" or "cerre-feu". These initial French words later derived into "couvre-feu". The word was again later turned into "cover-feu" in the Norman language after the conquering of the English. Each of these meant to cover the live flaming fire. There was even a metal utensil cover known as the "couvre-feu", normally only found in houses of the well-to-do. It resembled a shield and was used to be put over the live fire when the curfew bell rang. The curfew bell was known as "ignitegium" or "peritegium bell" in the medieval low Latin. Daines Barrington shows that in an old Scottish poem published in 1770 the word curfew is written "curphour". 
Poetry.
The tyranny of William I is described by the poet Francis Thompson,
Chaucer writes on the curfew bell as just as a time, not a law:
Shakespeare had unusual times for the curfew bell, 
In the sixteenth century Bishop Joseph Hall's "Fourth Satire" it reads:
In the play "The Merry Devil of Edmonton" (published 1608), the curfew was at nine o'clock in the evening:
John Milton's put in his allegorical "Il Penseroso"'s mouth the words:
In Handel's "L'Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato" these words are accompanied by a pizzicato bass-line, representing a distant bell sound.
T. S. Eliot "Gus the theater cat" ("Old possum's book of practical cats")

</doc>
<doc id="20086504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086504" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Charles County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Charles County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Charles County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Charles County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 38 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Two other sites in the county were once listed on the Register but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20086510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086510" title="Iveagh (disambiguation)">
Iveagh (disambiguation)

Iveagh derives from the , referring to a clan that controlled west County Down, Ireland into the 17th century. 
Its pronunciation varies geographically: in Ulster, in Dublin, and in London. It may refer to:
In places:
In people:
In organisations and buildings:

</doc>
<doc id="20086517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086517" title="Karolina Szabó">
Karolina Szabó

Karolina Szabó (born November 17, 1961) is a retired female Hungarian athlete, who specialized in the long-distance running events. 
Szabo was born in Dunaföldvár, Tolna. She represented her native Eastern European country twice at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1992.
She won the City-Pier-City Loop half marathon in the Hague in 1987.
Szabo won the 1994 San Francisco Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20086523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086523" title="Johnny Reklai">
Johnny Reklai

Johnny Reklai (July 1, 1948-March 11, 2007) was a Palauan businessman and politician. At the time of his death he was serving as the president of the Senate of Palau. He was succeeded in that office by Surangel S. Whipps, and his seat was filled by Hokkons Baules.

</doc>
<doc id="20086525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086525" title="2000 Yunnan earthquake">
2000 Yunnan earthquake

The 2000 Yunnan earthquake occurred on January 14, 2000, at 23:37 UTC, in Yunnan, China. The earthquake killed 7 people, and caused much damage in central Yunnan Province. 
The quake was moderate, with a magnitude of 5.9, however it left 2,528 injured, 92,479 homeless and destroyed over 41,000 homes.
It was preceded by a magnitude 5.5 foreshock at 22:09, and a 4.9 magnitude earthquake occurred in the same area on 26 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20086526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086526" title="Tibor Jančula">
Tibor Jančula

Tibor Jančula ("pronounced" Yanchula) (born 16 June 1969 in Bernolákovo) is a former Slovak football striker who played mostly for DAC Dunajská Streda and Slovan Bratislava in Slovakia. 
Jančula made 29 appearances and scored 9 goals for the Slovakia national football team from 1995 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20086622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086622" title="Anton Loeb">
Anton Loeb

Anton C. Loeb (1908–1984) was a cartoonist, illustrator and theatrical animator.
Loeb illustrated children's books in the late 1940s, including a collection of Aesop's Fables in a book called "Storytime Favorites". Loeb worked primarily as one of Paramount's lead theatrical cartoon Background Painters the 1950s, and then moved on to TV animation in the 1960s. He worked for the Fleischer Brothers, who produced the "Popeye" cartoons and did the illustrations for Allan Chaffee's version of The "Wizard Of Oz", adapted from L. Frank Baum's 1900 classic original. This abridged version was published in 1950 by Random House.
Loeb was born in Hungary on March 31, 1908 and raised in New York City. When he was 15 he was a scenic designer for the Metropolitan Opera Company. He had already attended the Academy of Design in New York under the sponsorship of banker George Baker. Loeb also sang in the Brooklyn Academy of Music, moved on to Broadway and the lead in musical comedies but laryngitis robbed him of his ability to sing.
Personal life.
He was married on Feb 14, 1939 to Frances Ravitz in Miami, Florida, where he was working on the Fleischer cartoons. After moving back to New York when Paramount took over the Fleischer studio, he returned to Florida in 1949 and lived on Di Lido Island. He died of cancer in Miami on December 10, 1984 at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20086644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086644" title="Cunningham automobile">
Cunningham automobile

The Cunningham automobile (not connected with the Cunningham Steam Wagon or Briggs Cunningham's cars) was produced from 1896 to 1936 in Rochester, New York. It has its roots in the James Cunningham, Son and Company. Incorporated in 1882, and taken over after James' death in 1886 by his son Joseph, the company made fine carriages and sleighs, and became a leading manufacturer of these vehicles before the turn of the century. Cunningham went on to manufacture automobiles, car bodies (mainly hearses), chassis frames for other marques, and aircraft. Today, it is mainly remembered for high-quality luxury automobiles. 
Corporate emphasis.
Cunningham’s emphasis was on quality vehicles of luxury, elegance, and high style. Its products were sometimes innovative, often unique, and in most cases expensive. When it made automobiles, its strategy was to build a car equal to, or better than, the best from Europe.
Company experimentation.
In 1896 the company produced electric-powered buggies, primarily for purposes of experimentation during an era when such electric-powered vehicles were slow, and when vehicles powered by steam required the operator to be certified and licensed.
Car production.
Foreseeing the necessity to switch to the production of horseless carriages, Cunningham started automobile production in 1908 with gasoline-engined cars that sold at approximately $3,500, a very high price at the time. Initially the company made only the chassis. They assembled each car to individual customer requirements, using components from other manufacturers. Engines came from Buffalo or Continental. Cunningham also sold electric cars based on their experimental vehicle from the 1890s. By 1910, the company was producing all its parts and selling its cars in the range of $4,500 to $5,000.
The big four-cylinder cars.
From 1911 Cunningham offered complete automobiles that were illustrated in its first catalogue. They were hand-built and production was slow: one and a half cars per worker per year from a workforce of 450. Much of the wood- and metal-work work was crafted by hand. 
The first of these cars was the model J, a very large automobile with a Cunningham-built 4-cylinder engine of 40 HP. Wheelbase was 124 in. There were four bodies: a 7-passenger touring car at $3,500, a runabout at $3,250, and a limousine and a landaulet at $4,500 each. For 1912, the model J was offered without much changes. Choice of bodies went up to seven and included three additional open body styles: a 5-passenger phaeton, a 4-passenger torpedo and a 4-passenger toy tonneau, each at $3,500. Prices for the other models remained unchanged.
In 1913, the new model M superseded the J and had a slightly less powerful engine rated at 36,1 HP. Its chassis had the same wheelbase as previously. There was a little shuffling with the body styles as the phaeton and torpedo were listed for 5 passengers now. Again, there were seven body styles but the toy tonneau had gone and a new 7-passenger "Berlin Limousine" joined the range. Prices remained the same with the exception of the two limousine types whose prices rose to $4,600.
The main change in the model R that appeared in 1914 was a wheelbase of 129 in. Listed body styles were reduced to six. The torpedo and the "Berlin Limousine" were dropped. There were now three touring cars (for 4, 5 or 7 passengers, respectively). Prices rose considerably. The runabout was catalogued at $3,500, the tourers at $3,750, and the limousine and landaulet at $5,000
The Model S, built from 1915 until 1916, was the last of the big four-cylinder Cunninghams. Technically, these cars were quite similar to the model R. Body styles and prices remained unchanged. For 1916, the 5-passenger touring car was dropped.
The Cunningham V8.
From the outset, Cunningham automobiles were admired for their clean lines. A radiator shell of German silver was included, and a feature seen on many of these cars was the use of aluminum steps instead of running boards, adding another European touch to the car.
A V8 engine was developed in 1916 and introduced in the series V-1 Cunningham. A side-valve design with a displacement of 442 c.i., it was rated at 45 hp by the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce (NACC). 
Cunningham bought many components from outside vendors. For example, the series V's clutch and transmission came from Brown Lipe, axles and rear-wheel brakes from Timken-Detroit, pistons from Lynite, and an electrical system from Westinghouse. 
Roads were bad and Cunninghams were equipped with an air pump for easier repair of punctured tires. As there was no service network for the company, and owners did not wish to let local mechanics repair their expensive cars, Cunningham sent its own experts to their customers. 
Series V Cunninghams had a wheelbase of 132 inches. Twelve body styles were listed in its first year. Open types—five- and seven-passenger touring cars, a new two-passenger roadster, a three-passenger runabout and a four-passenger toy tonneau—were priced at $3,750. There were three new closed styles at $4,500 each: a four-passenger coupé, a five-passenger sedan and a four-passenger roadster coupé. At $5,000 each, the four more formal styles (five-passenger touring sedan, six-passenger town car, and a limousine and a berline that both seated eight passengers) were the most expensive.
Individualizing these bodies added to the base prices. Cunningham invited its customers to commission their own bodywork, and assisted with design and execution. Such cars could easily cost twice as much as a comparable catalogued style. 
Listed as 1917 models, these cars were available from 1916. They are among the earliest V8 engines built in the USA, after the Cadillac V8 model which was introduced in 1914.
Series V-2 started with model year 1918 and changes were few. Body styles were reduced to eight and prices increased, starting now at $4,250 for open-bodied cars. With the exception of a reintroduced Landaulet at $5,750, closed cars cost $5,500 each. Gone were the runabout, the roadster coupé, the touring sedan and, again, the toy tonneau. The roadster now seated four passengers, as did the smaller touring car. For 1919 the berline, town car and coupé styles were dropped. A special roadster became available to commemorate race car driver Ralph De Palma’s record-breaking run at Sheepshead Bay that year.
With the series V-3 that went into production in 1920 came many improvements. Most significant was a new engine, which had the same 442 c. i. displacement as before. There were 3 main bearings on each cylinder bench, and the counterweighted aluminium crankcase was cast in two parts. Pistons were cast iron and the oil pump was gear-driven. Transmission, again by Brown Lipe, had 4 speeds plus overdrive. Also available was an additional chassis with a wheelbase of 142 inches. Drum-type headlamps were introduced. There were three catalogued body styles on the 132-inch. wheelbase, at substantially higher cost. Roadster and 4-passenger touring were $6,200, and the sedan cost $7,600. On the longer chassis, a 6-passenger touring car was available at $6,700. Three formal styles, called Inside Drive limousine, Town Limousine and Landaulet, priced at $8,100 each, were among the most expensive cars of the time. For 1921, there were few changes. Now, there were a touring car and three formal styles (one of them a Cabriolet convertible sedan) on the smaller chassis, with prices starting at $6,000. On the larger chassis, there were two touring cars at $6,700 and $6,800, and a town car and a cabriolet at $8,100 each.
For 1922, Cunningham no longer listed prices, only stating "Prices Upon Application". The cars now offered a four-speed manual transmission and coincidentally were called the series V-4. The Volney-Lacey designed continued, with 45 hp according to the outdated NACC measuring method—for 1923, the rating was 90 bhp. The 132-inch (model 91A) and 142-inch (model 82A) wheelbases continued, with mostly Cunningham-built bodywork.
By 1926, the engine remained unchanged, and the cars were now equipped with four-wheel brakes.
Racing.
On November 17, 1919, Ralph De Palma drove a stripped but otherwise stock series V-3 Cunningham special roadster at 98 mph in a six-mile trial at the Sheepshead Bay Race Track.
Aviation production.
In 1928 Cunningham began aircraft production as Cunningham-Hall Aircraft Corporation. As with automobile production, its engineers were innovative and they produced a bi-wing plane in 1929 that had a very low landing speed of 39 mph.
Company demise.
Cunningham ceased producing automobiles in 1931 but continued to make bodies for other car manufactures until 1936, when the company went out of business.
References.
http://www.obs-us.com/people/karen/cunningham/chapter4.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20086647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086647" title="Aitor Iturrioz">
Aitor Iturrioz

Aitor Iturrioz (born Aitor Antonio Iturrioz Ortiz on April 9, 1970 in Mexico D.F., Mexico) is a s a well-known Mexican actor. He is best known for his roles in the Mexican telenovela Clase 406 as Max Brouer, in Rebelde as Esteban Nolasco, and in Al Diablo con los Guapos as the antagonist Mateo.
Aitor Iturrioz Is Of Basque Decent,Mother From Madrid,Father From Bilbao
Career.
First it was the program presenter Don Francisco Presenta.
Then to act in several television soap operas such as Retrato de Familia (1995) and Luz Clarita (1996). After attending the series First Love Your love story and Bridal Veil.
In 2004 he was elected to the production season 1 Rebelde with the role of Esteban Nolasco, sharing credits as actor, but next to very talented people and recognized by the Mexican television and those who had shared in the previous production Class 406: first the producer Pedro Damián, among others, the young actors Anahí Puente Dulce María, Christopher Uckermann Maite Perroni Christian Chávez and Alfonso Herrera. In 2005 he retired from the novel being succeeded by Tony Dalton.
Then in 2006 continued in the novel La Fea Mas Bella remake of the Colombian telenovela Yo soy Betty, la Fea and then the following year in the production .
Currently working on the production Fuck the handsome and some commercial.
Personal life.
Not much is known of his personal life. We know he had married a Mexican actress also Karyme Lozano, which had two daughters, but divorced. After his divorce with Karyme, today has an engagement with the artist Paola Cantu.
External links.
Aitor Iturrioz [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0411848/] at the Internet Movie Database

</doc>
<doc id="20086650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086650" title="Nowlive">
Nowlive

Nowlive.com originally called nowinla.com, parent company Nowmedia Corporation founded in June 2006, is a website that provides a platform for lifecasting and live video streaming of events online. The website is estimated to have over 200,000 registered users. It received $1.5 million in funding from private investors and Clydesdale Ventures.
History.
Founded by Kevin Bromber and John Halloran. Bromber began his career in financial services, co-founding Los Angeles Unified Lending in 1989, a successful mortgage company which he sold in 1993. That same year, Bromber transitioned to the consumer software industry as VP of Sales for Visual Software Inc, a start up 3D software company where he opened national retail and OEM sales channels with top-selling, award-winning products. He also helped Visual Software structure the sale of the company to Micrografx (NASDAQ: MGXI) in 1996. Next, Bromber co-founded 3D Planet Inc (3DGreetings.com) with John Halloran where he served as President in charge of investment, sales, marketing and business development. 3DGreetings.com became the 4th largest electronic greeting card site on the web and was acquired in March 1999 by Mattel, Inc. (NYSE:MAT). Bromber held the position of Vice President Business Development for Mattel Interactive.
See also.
It's Teasy Time!

</doc>
<doc id="20086654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086654" title="Paul Howard">
Paul Howard

Paul Howard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20086658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086658" title="Tone Trump">
Tone Trump

Abdul Sallam (born November 30, 1983), better known by his stage name Tone Trump, is an American rapper.
Biography.
Tone Trump was born in West Philadelphia and raised by a Muslim family, later changing his name to Abdul Sallam. His initial desire to be a professional basketball player ended after he was expelled from high school, so he focused his attention on his music. In 2007, Tone Trump teamed up with fellow Philadelphia-area rappers Jay Bezel and Hedonis da Amazon to produce an antiviolence single entitled "Every Day Is Crazy." One of Tone Trump's songs was chosen for the soundtrack for "Close to Death", a documentary on urban gun violence by Philadelphia-based producers, getting him on the radar of a few major record labels. He also owns his own record label, Top Notch Entertainment. He was also signed to G-Unit Philly and also a member of The G-Unit Philly Group (with Mike Knox, Ive Vegas, Cotic) from 2009 he left the label due to a feud with co member Mike Knox . In January 2010, Tone Trump made a collaboration with Black Wall Street's artist Nu Jerzey Devil called "What It Look Like." He recently signed a deal with Young Jeezy's CTE World label. Tone Trump has close affiliations with burgeoning entrepreneurs Hood Rellic, Chris Banks of clothing label Banks and Ross Collection, as well as significant collaborations with fellow rap artist and model agent Smutty Major Movez www.farrariredmodels.com. Numerous business owners support Tone Trump and his music. Tone Trump is the author of many catch phrases such as "Let's Win" and "Hustle or Starve". Tone Trump remains a popular trending subject on both Twitter and Instagram. Tone Trump recently won artist of the year at the Philly Hip Hop Awards in 2012.
He currently has a new song Ghetto Boy featuring Freeway Ricky Ross Produced by Smitti Boi.

</doc>
<doc id="20086677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086677" title="Panta Rei (Jelena Tomašević album)">
Panta Rei (Jelena Tomašević album)

Panta Rei is the debut album of Serbian singer Jelena Tomašević. The album features two songs that she entered to represent Serbia (and Montenegro) in the Eurovision Song Contest: "Jutro (2006)" and "Oro (2008)".
This album was released in October 2008
Track listing.
Songs in italics are bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20086678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086678" title="Thelazioidea">
Thelazioidea

Thelazioidea is a superfamily of spirurian nematodes in the large order Spirurida. Like all nematodes, they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system.
Among the families placed here, only the Rhabdochonidae are notably diverse. though none is considered to be monotypic Consequently, the Thelazioidea are among the mid-sized superfamilies of Spirurida.
The families of the Thelazioidea are:

</doc>
<doc id="20086681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086681" title="The Four and Twenty Elders Casting their Crowns before the Divine Throne">
The Four and Twenty Elders Casting their Crowns before the Divine Throne

The Four and Twenty Elders Casting their Crowns before the Divine Throne is a pencil drawing and watercolour on paper by the English poet, painter and printmaker William Blake. Created circa 1803–1805, the drawing has been held in London's Tate gallery since 1949. It is likely a visionary and hallucinatory summary of scenes from Chapters 4 and 5 of the Book of Revelation when the throne of God was presented to the prophet Saint John the Divine. 
Saint John described the scene,
Blake's depiction was created as part of a commission of biblical watercolours for his friend and patron Thomas Butts. The artist began to work on Butts's series around 1800. For stylistic reasons—including the use of pencil instead of pen and ink—it is generally believed by scholars that Blake began work on the piece sometime in 1803. Paintings and drawings from the series are typically characterised by intense displays of colour and "The Four and Twenty Elders" is generally held as one the most vivid examples of Blake's output from the period. 
In this watercolour, Blake arranges the various elements and characters from the biblical text in a highly symmetrical and organised manner. God is pictured sitting on his throne at the center of the panel and portrayed as an ancient figure with a long and broad white beard, dressed in red clothing. The Deity holds a book or scroll in his right hand, according to scripture, "written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals', while his left hand is raised in a gesture of benediction and blessing. His throne is enclosed by a rainbow which radiates from below a pointed Gothic arch formed from the wings of angels. Before the throne is a slain lamb, "having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth". The lamb's seven horns are represented by seven spikes fanned above his corpse, while the seven cherubic heads beneath him allude to the "seven Spirits of God". Each cherub is crowned by a tongued flame, a reference to the "seven lamps of fire" described in Revelation 4.5. 
In Revelation, Saint John wrote,
A row of twelve white-clad bearded figures float on either side of the Deity, although only four figures from each row are visible to the viewer of the panel. Each figure bends towards God, in adoration, to lay a golden crown at his feet. Above the head of God are the Four Beasts, "full of eyes before and behind". Above and to the left of God perches the Eagle, opposite of whom is the Lion. Both are portrayed with the pallor of death and both are situated beneath the distorted heads of monstrous birds and animals. The Ox and Angel are positioned behind the throne and peer outwards, according to the Blake collector W. Graham Robertson, "dimly half hidden in the pale crimson and violet rays which emanate from the central figure, and shoot up to meet and be absorbed in the rainbow."
There are many uses of numerical symbolism in "The Four and Twenty Elders", and according to the Blake scholar Martin Myrone, "the way, as with [Blake's] "Ezekiel's Wheels", that multiples and unities meld into one another, underpinned Blakes own poetic conceptions."
The painting was first passed to Butts and upon his death was bequeathed to his son. In 1906, it passed to W. Graham Robertson for £6,720. Following Robertson's passing, the panel was sold at auction at Christie's to the Tate in 1949, with financial assistance from the National Art Collections Fund.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20086687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086687" title="Lioness (band)">
Lioness (band)

Lioness is a Canadian indie rock dance band formed in January 2007 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
History.
The band was formed by Ronnie Morris and Jeff Scheven, former rhythm section of controller.controller (Paper Bag Records) and No Dynamics' vocalist Vanessa Fischer. Lioness released their debut self-titled EP, "Lioness" on October 21, 2008 on New Romantic.
Playing in low-key after-hours sets in off-the-radar locales in Toronto has led to supporting appearances with Hercules and Love Affair, !!!, You Say Party! We Say Die! and k-os.
Their sound combines dark disco grooves of Scheven's heavy drumming with Morris' unique bass sound and is conspicuous for its lack of guitars. Fischer draws upon jazz, old soul and blues, roaring over layers of electronic squall. On stage, they are a synthesis of electronic rock band and performance art project, a drum and bass wall of sound bathed in red light.
In 2009 Lioness took part in an interactive documentary series called City Sonic. The series, which featured 20 Toronto artists, had them talk about Toronto’s Masonic Temple and the band's attraction to the mystery of the Freemasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20086699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086699" title="Cunningham Inside-Drive Limousine-146-A">
Cunningham Inside-Drive Limousine-146-A

The Cunningham Inside-Drive Limousine-146-A was manufactured by the Cunningham Carriage Company which produced luxury automobiles between 1908 and 1931.
Cunningham Inside-Drive Limousine-146-A specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:

</doc>
<doc id="20086702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086702" title="Give Us a Break (Limpopo album)">
Give Us a Break (Limpopo album)

Give Us A Break was a 1995 album by Russian folk rock group Limpopo, who later became the Red Elvises.

</doc>
<doc id="20086724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086724" title="Gruzino">
Gruzino

Gruzino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20086734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086734" title="White House basement">
White House basement

The basement of the White House, the Washington, D.C. residence and workplace of the President of the United States, is located under the North Portico and includes the White House carpenters' shop, engineers' shop, flower shop, and dentist office, among other areas.
The White House Situation Room is located in the basement beneath the West Wing.
History.
During World War II, a bomb shelter was constructed under the East Wing, later converted into the Presidential Emergency Operations Center.
The sub-basement was added during the reconstruction of the White House under Harry S. Truman. It contains storage space, the laundry, elevator control machinery, the water softener, and incinerator, as well as dressing rooms for White House performers.
Dwight Eisenhower made the first White House television broadcast from a special room in the basement in 1953, though the "broadcast room" was soon divided for other purposes.
A bowling alley was added by Richard Nixon in 1969.
After the Recording Industry Association of America suggested that the White House Library should be expanded to include sound recordings, that trade group donated over 2200 LPs during the Nixon and Carter administrations; when Ronald Reagan took office, the collection was moved to the White House basement, where it is still located.

</doc>
<doc id="20086748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086748" title="Chat Silayan">
Chat Silayan

Maria Rosario Silayan-Bailon better known as Chat Silayan (July 8, 1959 - April 23, 2006) was a Filipina beauty queen and actress. She won the 1980 Binibining Pilipinas Universe crown and became the third runner-up at Miss Universe 1980. A year after her stint in Miss Universe, her acting career began and she became one of the most popular and acclaimed actresses in the Philippines. She was the daughter of theatre and movie actor Vic Silayan and the aunt of Victor Silayan. She retired from acting in 2003 and became active in church activities and worked as a part time announcer and host for The 700 Club Asia.
Silayan died aged 46 on April 23, 2006 due to colon cancer. She was survived by her husband Michael Bailon and three children. Her grave is located in Manila Memorial Park, Paranaque City.

</doc>
<doc id="20086763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086763" title="Spark (Tori Amos song)">
Spark (Tori Amos song)

"Spark" is a song by Tori Amos, released as the first single from her 1998 album "From the Choirgirl Hotel".
About.
Amos wrote "Spark" after suffering a miscarriage. She discussed the song in an article from "Q" magazine in May 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20086774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086774" title="Castle Caereinion railway station">
Castle Caereinion railway station

Castle Caereinion railway station is a railway station on the narrow gauge Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway in Mid Wales. It serves the tiny village of Castle Caereinion. 

</doc>
<doc id="20086777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086777" title="Kálmán Markovits">
Kálmán Markovits

Kálmán Markovits (August 26, 1931 – December 5, 2009) is a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, 1956 Summer Olympics, and 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
Markovits was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 tournament. He played six matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won again the gold medal in the 1956 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored at least three goals (not all scorers are known).
At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played four matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20086782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086782" title="Cortinarius collinitus">
Cortinarius collinitus

Cortinarius collinitus is a species of fungi in the family Cortinariaceae.
Description.
The cap is 3–9 cm in diameter, convex to flat in shape, with a sticky, gelatinous surface (in moist conditions). The gills are adnexed, close, and pallid or pale violet in color. The stipe is typically 6–12 cm long and 1–1.5 cm thick, solid, equal, and has transverse scaly-looking bands. The spore print, like most "Cortiniarius" species, is rusty-brown. Edibility is unknown for this species.

</doc>
<doc id="20086801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086801" title="Showdown (sport)">
Showdown (sport)

Showdown is a sport for the blind and visually impaired which could be described as the blind communities answer to air hockey, or table tennis. It is growing very quickly around the world. It is also played by sighted players, but they are not allowed to participate in the International Blind Sports Federation, IBSA tournaments. Showdown is widely spread in Europe, but it's also played in: Africa, Asia, North America, and South America. After the success of Showdown at the 1996 Atlanta Paralympics, representatives from more than thirty countries contacted the International Blind Sports Federation Showdown Subcommittee. They wanted information about equipment, blueprints, and rules so they could play this game in their country. Currently, the IBSA Showdown Sub-committee is encouraging regional and national Showdown Tournaments in an effort to have international championships which, hopefully, will lead to sanctioning by the Paralympics.
Equipment.
The sport is inexpensive to start up, requires minimal maintenance, and can be played in a room the size of a classroom or meeting room. The only equipment needed is the specially designed table, two paddles, a special ball containing BBs, opaque goggles, and a glove to protect the batting hand. Players track the ball by listening to the rattle of the BBs.
How to play the game.
The game is played by 2 players, on an oval, or rectangular table with goal pockets on both short sides. In the middle there's a net, which is a hard screen, either wooden or transparent. The players have to wear goggles, ensureing that they won't be able to see the ball. Their job is to use a racket to keep the audible ball out of the goal pocket on their side of the table, while trying to hit it in a way so that it'll pass under the net, and end up in that of their opponents. A player score two points for a goal and one point when their opponent hits the ball into the screen, hits the ball off the table, touches the ball with the bat within the goal area, or touches the ball with anything but the bat. The matches are usually played in 3 sets, and the first player to reach 11 points, leading by 2 or more points wins the set. The exceptions are semifinals, and finals where it's 5 sets instead of 3.
History.
Joe Lewis, a totally blind Canadian, invented the game in the 1960s. he wanted to find a sport which could be played recreationally and/or competitively without sighted assistance. Over the years, Patrick York, a Canadian athlete who is also totally blind, collaborated with Lewis on refinements to the rules and equipment.
Showdown was an international success at its debut as a recreational sport during the 1980 Olympiad for the Physically Disabled in Arnhem, the Netherlands . International interest was sparked and Showdown has been played recreationally at the: 1984 Olympics for the Disabled in Long Island, USA; 1988 Paralympic Games in Seoul, Korea; 1990 World Youth Games in St. Etienne, France; 1990 World Championships in Assen, The Netherlands; 1992 Paralympic Games in Barcelona, Spain; and at the 1996 Paralympic Games in Atlanta, USA. Showdown is being played in countries throughout Europe, Africa, Asia and North and South America.
Showdown countries.
Europe.
In Europe Showdown is played in at least 20 countries:
Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Sweden, North Korea and Turkey.
Africa.
We know that they are playing showdown in the following countries in Africa:
Ghana, Uganda, South Africa, Kenya and Morocco.
It has however proved to be really hard to get information about How many players there are, and how much they are playing.
Asia.
Very little is known about the development of the sport in Asia. In The Philippines they started playing quite recently.
In Mongolia they are on their way to do it. In Barein, Kuwait they bought a table and started a few years ago. Players from Sweden have also brought the sport to the Iranian part of Kurdistan. In China and Japan they have been playing for a few years. 
Unfortunately that's all the information currently available about Asia.
North America.
James Mastro is teaching people how to play showdown, or Power-Showdown, as he calls it, in the U.S. He is also building tables for it, and it is currently played in 6 different states.
Most people chose to play for more recreational purposes, making it difficult to start professional tournaments.
South America.
Players from the Netherlands has brought the sport to Surinam.
In Colombia they built their first showdown table and started playing showdown in December 2009. Matthieu Juglar, a showdown player from France has with enthusiasm helped them to get started.
Championships and tournaments.
National Championships and other tournaments are held in the following countries in Europe:
Cyprus, The Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Italy, Lithuania, The Netherlands, The Slovak Republic, Slovenia and Sweden. 
The first official IBSA world championship was held in, Stockholm, Sweden in August 2009, and included participants from: Canada, The Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Iran, Italy, Morocco, The Netherlands, Poland, The Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Sweden, and the United States. The current World champions are: Sven van de Wege (The Netherlands) and Jana Führer (Slovenia).

</doc>
<doc id="20086802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086802" title="Lotus japonicus">
Lotus japonicus

Lotus japonicus is a wild legume that belongs to family Fabaceae. Members of this family are very diverse, constituting about 20,000 species. They are of significant agricultural and biological importance as many of the legume species are rich sources of protein and oil and can also fix atmospheric nitrogen.
"L. japonicus" has become a model plant for genome studies in legumes, particularly in reference to rhizobial and arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis. Small genome size of about 470 Mb, diploid genome with 6 haploid chromosomes and a short life cycle of about 2 to 3 months makes it a convenient plant to study.
"L. japonicus" does have several similar characteristics to the legume "Medicago truncatula", but they are phylogenetically different and exhibit two different development systems for nodulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20086808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086808" title="Zelenyi Bir">
Zelenyi Bir

Zelenyi Bir is a small village in the Kiev Oblast of central Ukraine. It has 794 inhabitants.
History.
Zelenyi Bir was founded in 1950 as collective farm. It was a village for the workers of a chicken farm. There are two shops, a school, a daycare, a post-office and an ambulance station. Near Zelenyi Bir there are three ponds.
Transportation.
There are two busses serving Zelenyi Bir: one goes to the Glevaha railway station, the other to Kyiv. It is 5 km to the railway station and 20 km to Kyiv. A ticket to Glevaha costs 2 hrivnas and one to Kyiv is 5 hrivnas.

</doc>
<doc id="20086810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086810" title="Michael Ryderstedt">
Michael Ryderstedt

Michael Ryderstedt (born 12 November 1984) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.
Ryderstedt was born in Stockholm. In August 2001, at the Fischer Junior Open he captured the doubles title with Dudi Sela of Israel.
His best accomplishment on the ATP tour up until 2011 is his semifinal at the 2004 If Stockholm Open, where he was defeated by that year's eventual winner Thomas Johansson.
Ryderstedt's highest singles ranking was World No. 130 (July 2005) and his highest doubles ranking was World No. 154 (June 2009). In October 2012, Ryderstedt announced his retirement from tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="20086817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086817" title="Afro-Iraqi">
Afro-Iraqi

Black Iraqis are an ethnic group that is descended from people of Black African (Zanj) heritage in Iraq. Most are found in the southern port city of Basra, with many speaking Arabic and adhering to Islam. There are more than 1.5 million - 2 million Afro-Iraqis.
History.
Most Black Iraqis are descended from sailors and slaves who were brought from present-day Sudan and Ethiopia and elsewhere in East Africa. Zanzibar, an island of the coast of Tanzania gave the name Zanj to the descendants of these slaves. Slave trade begun by early Arab traders began in 9th century and lasted over millennium. Most of these slaves were imported to work in large dates and sugarcane plantations.
To protest their treatment, Zanj slaves from Basra staged a successful revolt against Baghdad the Muslim capital for 15 years (refer to Zanj Rebellion). During this period they created a city called Moktara. In 883, the Army from Baghdad was able to put the revolt down. Afterwards, locals did not engage in large-scale plantation-type slavery. Slavery lasted up until the 19th century. However, there were reports of dark-skinned slaves in Iraq in 2008.
Social condition.
Unlike in the Americas of the 19th century, slaves in the Middle East were allowed to own land, and their children were generally not born into slavery. Also conversion to Islam precluded further servitude and gave freedom. Skin color played a distinctive role even amongst slaves. Many activists amongst Black Iraqis complain that they are unable to find opportunities to improve their social condition. However, the same complaint is often also made by Iraqis of Arab Semitic descent as well.
Black African heritage.
Most Black Iraqis still are able to maintain rituals related to healing that are of African origin. The languages used in these rituals are Swahili and Arabic. Instruments such as Drums and tambourines are used in these ceremonies. In a song called "Dawa Dawa", the words are a mix of Arabic and Swahili. The song, which is about curing people, is used in the "shtanga" ceremony, for physical health. Another ceremony called "nouba", takes its name from Nubian region in the Sudan. There are also unique ceremonies to remember the dead and for occasions such as weddings.

</doc>
<doc id="20086832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086832" title="Orlando Daniels">
Orlando Daniels

Orlando Tilestone Daniels (March 20, 1860 – 1927) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Liberal from 1906 to 1925.
He was born in Lawrencetown, Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, the son of Wellington Daniels, a farmer, and Lavinia Margeson. He was educated in Lawrencetown and at Acadia University. Daniels went on to study law with James Wilberforce Longley in Halifax, was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1885 and set up practice in Bridgetown. In 1893, he married Mary Muir. Daniels was Attorney General in the province's Executive Council from 1911 to 1922. He died in Bridgetown.

</doc>
<doc id="20086835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086835" title="José Luis Santiago Vasconcelos">
José Luis Santiago Vasconcelos

José Luis Santiago Vasconcelos (7 June 1957 – 4 November 2008) was a Mexican lawyer and civil servant. 
Santiago Vasconcelos, a native of Mexico City, earned a law degree at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). In 1993 he began working for the office of the federal Attorney-General (PGR), in the drug-trafficking control area. He was later appointed Assistant Attorney-General for Legal and International Affairs and, following that appointment, served as Assistant Attorney-General at the Organized Crime Specialized Investigation Office (SIEDO), Mexico's top anti-drug prosecutor. The last position he held was as head of the PGR's technical secretariat for implementing the recent constitutional reforms on criminal justice and public security.
José Luis Santiago died on 4 November 2008 when the airplane he was traveling on crashed in Mexico City. This accident also claimed the life of Secretary of the Interior Juan Camilo Mouriño.

</doc>
<doc id="20086841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086841" title="Smolenskaya Square">
Smolenskaya Square

Smolenskaya Square () is a square in the center of Moscow. The Garden Ring crosses the square. Arbat street runs towards it and ends near the Foreign Ministry skyscraper, the main building of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia. The later faces Smolenskaya square.

</doc>
<doc id="20086858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086858" title="Thelaziidae">
Thelaziidae

Thelaziidae is a family of spirurian nematodes, which form the mid-sized lineage of the superfamily Thelazioidea. Like all nematodes, they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system.
They number 7 genera or so, with a few dozen species altogether. Mostly parasites birds, a few have also been found in other vertebrates.
Systematics.
The subfamily Oxyspirurinae is monotypic, as are several little-known genera in the Thelaziinae; these all might not be valid. Altogether, the systematic layout of this family is liable to change and cannot be considered more than tentative.
Subfamily Oxyspirurinae Skrjabin, 1916
Subfamily Thelaziinae Skrjabin, 1915

</doc>
<doc id="20086859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086859" title="Heniarth railway station">
Heniarth railway station

Heniarth railway station is a railway halt on the narrow gauge Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway. This station is a request halt.

</doc>
<doc id="20086864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086864" title="Summerfield, Alabama">
Summerfield, Alabama

Summerfield is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. Summerfield has one historic district included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Summerfield District. Most of the community was annexed into Valley Grande following its incorporation as a city in 2003.
Geography.
Summerfield is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20086873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086873" title="Miklós Martin">
Miklós Martin

Miklós (Nick) Martin (born June 29, 1931) is a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest.
Martin was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medals in the 1952 and the 1956 tournaments. He played two matches, including the "Blood in the Water" semi-final match against the Soviet Union, and scored five goals. His name is often left out of the 1956 Olympics because he defected to the United States immediately after the games, along with numerous fellow Olympians, and the communist party of Hungary at the time omitted him. In all, the U.S. State Department granted asylum to 34 of the Hungarian athletes.
In June 2012, the magazine Sports Illustrated published a detailed account of the Hungarian defections that resulted from the Soviet Union's involvement in Hungary. The magazine itself played a key role in facilitating a secret plan to bring defecting Olympians to the United States. When the Hungarian delegation touched down in Darwin, Australia, Martin, one of the only athletes who read English, found a newspaper in the transit lounge and shared its reports. He became one of the primary spokespeople for the group.
As the best English speaker among the Hungarian Olympians who defected, Martin found himself quoted so often that he feared he would be punished as a ringleader if he were to return to Hungary. So, with an art history master's degree from the University of Budapest, he enrolled at the University of Southern California but played only one semester of water polo because he found the sport there "too Mickey Mouse." He was the first person to receive a water polo scholarship to USC. Instead he buckled down, earned his B.A. in French in three terms and, after earning a Ph.D. in Romance languages at Princeton on a Woodrow Wilson scholarship, became a professor. "The U.S. of that period was a land of endless opportunities," he says, "but my teaching career has been like an avalanche, straight down -- from Princeton to USC to Pasadena City College." Although retired from full-time teaching and over 80, he still an adjunct professor of French at PCC and swims a mile each day. "PCC has a gorgeous pool," he says, "and I have the key."
In 2006, Colin K. Gray and Megan Raney directed "Freedom's Fury," a film about the 1956 Olympic water polo semi-final match between Hungary and the U.S.S.R. Nick Martin appears as himself.
In 2012, Martin participated in a video interview held at PCC’s Aquatic Center as part of an in-depth feature by CNN/SI on the 1956 Hungarian Olympic team.
Martin retired as an associate professor in the French department of Pasadena City College. He was a full-time faculty member for 44 years, and spent 27 years as head coach of the Pasadena City College men's water polo team.

</doc>
<doc id="20086888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086888" title="There you go again">
There you go again

"There you go again" was a phrase spoken during the 1980 United States presidential election debate by Republican presidential candidate Governor Ronald Reagan to his Democratic opponent, incumbent President Jimmy Carter. Reagan would use the line in a few debates over the years, always in a way intended to disarm his opponent.
"There you go again" emerged as a single defining phrase of the 1980 presidential election. The phrase has endured in the political lexicon in news headlines, as a way to quickly refer to various presidential candidates' bringing certain issues up repeatedly during debates, or to Reagan himself.
Context.
The one debate between Reagan and Carter of the 1980 presidential year was held a week before the election by the League of Women Voters. As Carter went on the offensive against Reagan's record regarding Medicare, Reagan replied with "There you go again." In 1984, Reagan's opponent Walter Mondale came prepared with a reply in case Reagan used the line again, which he did. However, Reagan disarmed Mondale with another line, in which he took the issue of his own age off the table by saying he wouldn't hold Mondale's "youth and inexperience" against him.
The Associated Press wrote in 2008:
Later use.
Reagan would sometimes use the phrase during his presidential press conferences.
During the 2006 Connecticut Democratic Senate Primary Debate, Incumbent Senator Joe Lieberman used the line a number of times against his primary challenger Ned Lamont. During the 2008 vice-presidential debate, Republican vice-presidential nominee, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, used the line on Democratic opponent Joe Biden. Both Lieberman and Palin lost those races; however, Lieberman went on to defeat Lamont in the general election running as an Independent.
During the 2012 Presidential Election President Bill Clinton paraphrased the line after criticizing the policies of the Republican platform by saying 'There they go again'.

</doc>
<doc id="20086925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086925" title="Greg Heffley">
Greg Heffley

Gregory "Greg" Heffley is the main protagonist of the realistic fiction book series "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" created by American cartoonist Jeff Kinney. 
Relationships with other characters.
Rowley Jefferson.
A common subject depicted throughout the books is Greg's mediocre friendship and treatment of his best friend, Rowley Jefferson, who is always tricked by Greg. Greg views Rowley as an infantile, dimwitted, and childish boy who needs his guidance in learning to conform to middle school standards, albeit Greg more frequently proves to negatively influence his friend than to set a positive example for him, earning him the distrust of Rowley's parents. Greg's self-absorption often leads him to prioritize his desires and needs before the needs of those around him, so Rowley is commonly affected by this and sometimes even left to receive the blame for Greg's own wrongdoings. However, the kinks in their relationship are not always caused by Greg; Rowley has displayed acts of selfishness of his own in the past, particularly in the first book, when he plagiarized a comic strip for the school newspaper that Greg created, "Zoo-Wee Mama!" and earns the admiration of his schoolmates and denied having stolen credit for the concept that Greg played a greater role in devising than he did. Still, Rowley often bears the brunt of Greg's carelessness and has been a victim of injury and desertion in the past due to Greg's behavior. Greg also envies his friend for the exotic vacations that he often takes with his parents and the advantages of an only child that Rowley possesses over Greg. In the 8th book, "Hard Luck", he betrays Greg for his girlfriend Abigail and is the major antagonist of that book along with Abigail until the end when they become friends again. 
However, in the movie, while Greg intilially has his obnoxious, to a slightly lesser degree, he still becomes less self-absorbed and was much nicer to Rowley in later films. The turning point is in the end of the first film, where Greg takes the blame for eating the cheese because he felt bad for fighting and took responsibility for his actions.
Manny Heffley.
Manny is Greg's ridiculously pampered younger brother and always gets what he wants; a toddler and the subject of his parents' favoritism, to Greg's jealousy. Spoiled with privileges left undistributed to his elder siblings during their own childhoods, Manny is easily perceived as innocent and adorable by adults, whereas reality seems to point out otherwise as some of his actions in the past appear to implicate a far more manipulative, spiteful, and selfish nature as opposed to childlike innocence. Greg regularly complains through his diary entries of the adults' obliviousness to Manny's true destructive tendencies, many of which have ended in suffering, embarrassment, or punishment for Greg. 
Manny's relationship with his older brother is a strained one, as any moments of sincere playfulness or brotherly affection between the pair have unfairly ended in unintentional or undeserved consequences for Greg, which has been exemplified several times throughout the course of the series. It's for this reason that Greg seems to prefer to avoid spending time with his younger brother, and they seldom seem to hang around together alone voluntarily. It also is strained by the unfairness of the constant overindulgence with which Manny is privileged, such as the quality and quantity of Christmas presents that he receives and how he is continuously spared from parental discipline. Albeit it can be argued that some of Manny's past actions responsible for causing his brothers pain just might have been committed without awareness of the severity of such misdeeds because of his young age, it has primarily been evidenced that Manny simply derives pleasure from tormenting his siblings, or realizes the power that his parents' favoritism holds over him.
Holly Hills.
Holly Hills is Greg's crush, introduced in "The Last Straw". Greg stated that Holly was the "fourth prettiest girl in his grade" and is very attractive.
In "The Last Straw", Greg tried to get Holly's attention by making jokes and random humor, however, it didn't seem to attract her whatsoever. Greg's attempts to talk to Holly and make his move always end up in failure. At the roller rink, Greg had to wear his backup glasses, and when talking to Holly, she mistakenly called him Fregley, making Greg upset and lose interest in her.
In the same book, when signing yearbooks in the end, Holly signed Greg's yearbook stating that he was Okay and to K.I.T. (Keep in Touch) making Greg have a slight interest again, but goes away once Greg sees what Holly put in Rowley's yearbook stating that he was cute, making Greg write back as Rowley stating that he wants to be "just friends".
In the movies, things play out different. In "Rodrick Rules", Holly Hills moved to Greg's school and Greg seemed to do things to get her to notice him, making a fool of himself half the time. When Holly called him Fregley, Greg didn't lose interest and instead was upset. At Leisure Towers, Holly talked with Greg outside saying that she was at her Grandfather's place at the retirement community building. Holly apologized to Greg about calling him Fregley, with Greg pretending he didn't know that. Greg and Holly become friends in the end.
In the "Dog Days" film adaption, Holly's roles from the Last Straw and Dog Days books have been expanded. Greg wants to become more than just friends with Holly during the summer. Greg gets Holly to sign her yearbook and was able to get her to write her number, but misses the last 2 numbers before leaving. At the country club, Greg meets up with Holly as she is volunteering to teach tennis to little kids. Greg accepts an invite to play tennis with her the next day but Holly figures out that he nor Rowley know how to play tennis and teaches Greg personally while Patty teaches Rowley personally.
Later in the movie, Holly didn't seem to have a problem when Greg sneaked in to the Country Club, when Greg saying he wanted to hang out with her, almost revealing his feelings for her, Heather Hills comes by and interrupts. Rodrick has a big crush on Heather, and Greg manages to get Loded Diper in for live music at Heather's Sweet 16. After Rodrick's band fails and ruins Heather's Sweet 16, Greg apologizes to Holly, but Holly didn't care due to her sister being mean, she felt her sister deserved what she got. Holly holds Greg's hand, showing that she has affections for him, and they get together, swimming at the Country Club pool with Greg and Rowley.
Allusions from other works.
Greg Heffley appears on Poptropica's 18th island, Wimpy Wonderland, revolving around the "Wimpy Kid" series.
Greg also appeared as a balloon in the 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Greg returns in Wimpy Boardwalk on Poptropica.
Film.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Thor Freudenthal and based on Jeff Kinney's book of the same name. The film was released on March 19, 2010. It was released on DVD, iTunes, and Blu-ray on August 3, 2010. The movie stars Zachary Gordon as Greg, Robert Capron as Rowley, Steve Zahn as Greg's father, Rachael Harris as Greg's mother, Devon Bostick as Rodrick, Chloë Grace Moretz as a new character named Angie, and Connor and Owen Fielding as Manny.
Reception.
Although the character was highly well received in the books, the reception was not the same for the film; Rotten Tomatoes has said that Greg is an "unlikable protagonist". Pomeranz disliked the character of Greg Heffley, saying "I really thought he was unpleasant. I did not want to spend time with him. I couldn't wait for the end of this film."
Later two more films, "Rodrick Rules" (2011) and "Dog Days" (2012) were released.

</doc>
<doc id="20086931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086931" title="Marion Junction, Alabama">
Marion Junction, Alabama

Marion Junction is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama.
Geography.
Marion Junction is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20086936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086936" title="Beattock railway station">
Beattock railway station

Beattock railway station was a station which served Beattock, in the Scottish county of Dumfries and Galloway. It was served by trains on what is now known as the West Coast Main Line. Following closure in 1972, the nearest station is now at Lockerbie.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. It survived the closures in the 1960s, being closed as part of the electrification of the West Coast Main Line.
Between 1881 and 1964, Beattock was the junction for the branch to Moffat.
Just south of Beattock station is the mysterious "Jessie's Tunnel", which intersects the line. There are 3 theories relating to the tunnel and its origin. One theory is that the tunnel was named after Jessie Armstrong, who died after being hit by a train whilst trying to cross the tracks. The more likely origin of the tunnel is that local boys would be labelled "jessies" (Scottish word for effeminate) for using it, rather than crossing the tracks. The third, and most controversial theory, is that the tunnel was named after Jessie, a local inhabitant, who used the tunnel to peddle her wares. This theory however is probably explained by local tavern rumour.Jessie's Tunnel
The station features in the novel "The Thirty-Nine Steps", written by John Buchan. Richard Hannay walks to the station from Moffat, before catching a night-train south to England.
Current operations.
Trains pass at speed on the electrified West Coast Main Line. The remnants of the station are still visible on the site. Following the trackwork associated with the electrification work, Beattock retained the down loop, and an up loop was created.

</doc>
<doc id="20086937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086937" title="Bures metric">
Bures metric

In mathematics, in the area of quantum information geometry, the Bures metric or Helstrom metric defines the infinitesimal distance between density matrix operators defining quantum states. It is a quantum generalization of the Fisher information metric, and is identical to the Fubini-Study metric (the Fubini-Study metric normally being written for pure states, not mixed states). 
Definition.
The metric may be defined as
where formula_2 is Hermitian 1-form operator implicitly given by
Some of the applications of the Bures metric include that given a target error, it allows the calculation of the minimum number of measurements to distinguish two different states and the use of the volume element as a candidate for the Jeffreys prior probability density for mixed quantum states.
Bures distance.
The Bures distance is the finite version of the infinitesimal square distance described above and is given
by 
where the fidelity function is defined 
as 
Another associated function is the Bures arc also known as Bures angle, Bures length or quantum angle, defined as
which is a measure of the statistical distance between the quantum states.
Quantum Fisher information.
The Bures metric can be seen as the quantum equivalent of the Fisher information metric and can be rewritten in terms of the variation of coordinate parameters as 
where formula_8 is the Symmetric Logarithmic Derivative operator (SLD) defined from
In this way, one has
where the quantum Fisher metric (tensor components) is identified as
The definition of the SLD implies that the quantum Fisher metric is 4 times the Bures metric. In other words, given that formula_12 are components of the Bures metric tensor, one has
As it happens with the classical Fisher information metric, the quantum Fisher metric can be used to find the Cramér–Rao bound of the covariance.
Explicit formulas.
The actual computation of the Bures metric is not evident from the definition, so, some formulas were developed for that purpose. Dittmann obtained the following formulas for the quadratic form of the Bures metric, valid for 2x2 and 3x3 systems, respectively
Another important formula is the one found by Hübner. This formula is written in terms of the eigenvectors and eigenvalues of the density matrix and reads
Two-level system.
The state of a two-level system can be parametrized with three variables as 
with formula_18. 
The components of the Bures metric in this parametrization can be calculated as
The Bures measure can be calculated by taking the square root of the determinant to find
which can be used to calculate the Bures volume as

</doc>
<doc id="20086938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086938" title="Death Bell">
Death Bell

Death Bell () is a 2008 South Korean film. The only Korean horror film released over the summer of 2008, it is the first feature by former music video director Chang (real name Yoon Hong-seung), who also co-wrote the screenplay. "Death Bell" stars Lee Beom-soo in his first horror film role, and K-pop singer Nam Gyu-ri in her acting debut. Set in a Korean high school, the film's native title refers to "gosa", the important midterm exams that all students are required to sit.
Plot.
The film is set in a high school, where an elite group of twenty students—including rebellious heroine Kang I-na, her timid best friend Yoon Myong-hyo, and her suitor Kang Hyeon—are taking a special class for their college entrance exam. After Kang I-na is nearly strangled and another student throttled in the restroom, the classroom TV screen switches to an image of top-ranking student Hye-yeong trapped inside a fish tank that is slowly filling with water. A disembodied voice announces that her life depends on the exam questions he will set for them, and that a student will die for every question the class gets wrong. Trapped with the students are head teacher Hwang Chan-wook and English teacher Choi So-yeong. I-na realizes that the students are being killed in order of their rank in the class, and she is ranked fifth. Someone is slowly killing the students one by one, but who are they? And what do they want?
Production.
Shot on HD video with a budget of ₩1.3 billion, "Death Bell" is the feature film directorial debut of Chang, a former music video director, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Kim Eun-kyeong. The film also marks the acting debut of Nam Gyu-ri, a singer with K-pop trio SeeYa, and stars veteran comic actor Lee Beom-soo in his first horror film role.
Release.
The only Korean horror film to be produced in the summer of 2008, "Death Bell" made its premiere in July 2008 at the 12th Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival. Post-production on the film had been rushed in order to have it ready for the festival, and director Chang had to apologise for the poor state in which it was shown.
Released on 6 August 2008 in 366 theatres nationwide, the film grossed $2,370,785 and received 575,231 admissions on its opening weekend, placing it third at the local box office. By its third week, "Death Bell" had climbed to second at the box office, and as of 14 September 2008 had grossed a total of $9,274,859.
"Death Bell" had looked set to become the second most popular Korean horror film after "A Tale of Two Sisters", which attracted more than 3 million viewers in 2003; however, admissions of 1,636,149 (as of 14 September 2008) were less than those recorded by "R-Point" and "Wishing Stairs". Nevertheless, the film attracted more than twice the number of viewers required to break even at the box office.
"Death Bell" was released on DVD on 8 November 2008.
Critical response.
Derek Elley of "Variety" found "Death Bell" to have a "neat concept" with "enough shocks and gore to keep genre addicts contented", and commented, "After a fairly conventional half-hour setup, the pic keeps the tension high with tight cutting and a no-flab script that ups the student body count in some especially inventive ways. Solution to the whodunit is less convincing than the lead-up, with a finale that doesn't deliver on expectations. But the journey there is fine, with Lee, better known for comedy, interestingly cast as the students' tough prof." Kyu Hyun Kim of "Koreanfilm.org" was more critical of the film, saying, ""Death Bell" annoyingly combines prettified, slick visual filmmaking (but with no real depth) and gag-inducing torture porn excesses: it's simultaneously tepid and lackluster on the one hand and gross and offensive on the other"; he also regarded the screenplay as a "fetid mess" with an unconvincing central premise, but gave credit to the performance of Lee Beom-soo. A review for "Twitch" also labelled the film's premise as "ridiculous", going on to say, "Lee Beom-Soo certainly tries, and the tempo keeps building decently until the end, but there’s really no vibe to it. It’s just a succession of tortures and murders, with no sense of surprise, no interest... no thematic consciousness whatsoever".

</doc>
<doc id="20086949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086949" title="Semyon Bilmes">
Semyon Bilmes

Semyon Bilmes (born 1955) is an Azerbaijani-American painter and the founder and instructor of The Ashland Academy of Art, in Ashland, Oregon, United States and Atelier Maui, in Maui, Hawaii United States.
Bilmes has achieved national recognition as an advertising, editorial, and book illustrator. Bilmes has illustrated campaigns for AT&T, CBS, General Mills, Warner Lambert, Smirnoff Vodka, Citibank, Clairol, Western Union, Alaska Airlines, and Philip Morris. His work can be found on the covers of books and periodicals such as "Reader's Digest" and the "New York Times". His oil painting, "Lady in a red Turban", was on the cover of the annual directory of top illustrators and designers in the country, American Showcase.
Life.
Semyon Bilmes was born August 29, 1955 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR. Bilmes' art education started when he was a child in youth classes where he studied fundamentals of drawing. When he reached the age of sixteen he attended the A. Azim-Zade Academy of Art in Baku (USSR) where he was trained in the Russian Academic System. Bilmes' immigrated to New York in 1980 where he also graduated from the Parsons School of Design.
As a successful artist, understanding the need for classical art education, Bilmes founded the Bilmes Art School, where for ten years he taught art with a commercial emphasis.
Blimes later acquired and renovated a large building in Ashland, Oregon for The Ashland Academy of Art. In 2010, Semyon with his family moved to Maui where they opened Atelier Maui. Semyon is currently teaching at Atelier Maui. .
Semyon Bilmes lives on Maui with his wife and one of his four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20086956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086956" title="Mount Eagle (plantation)">
Mount Eagle (plantation)

Mount Eagle, Fairfax County, Virginia, USA, was the home of Bryan Fairfax. 
John Colville of Newcastle upon Tyne owned which he called "Cleesh". When he died, he left to the Earl of Tankerville, settled in 1797.
In later life, Bryan Fairfax was ordained a priest in the Episcopal Church in 1789, serving as rector of Christ Church in nearby Alexandria, Virginia, from 1790 to 1792. He bought the property and built Mount Eagle (south of Hunting Creek), where he lived from 1790 until his death, in 1802. 
George Washington’s last meal away from Mount Vernon, on December 7, 1799, was there 
The home passed to Bryan Fairfax's son, Ferdinando Fairfax, who was also the heir of George William Fairfax. Ferdinando Fairfax died there on September 24, 1820.
His son, Donald Fairfax was born there on March 10, 1818.
Court Johnson owned the property during the Civil War. 
Fort Lyon (Virginia) was constructed on the property during the American Civil War.
Mount Eagle, which lies south of Hunting Creek and Alexandria, was demolished in 1968, and the land is now used for the Montebello Condominium and the Huntington Metro Station.
See also.
Historic houses in Virginia

</doc>
<doc id="20086962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086962" title="Krivoarbatsky Lane">
Krivoarbatsky Lane

Krivoarbatsky Lane (; from Russian "", "krivoy", meaning "curved") is a small side street near the Arbat Street. It is most notable for its curved form and the Wall of Viktor Tsoi, a Russian musician. This street is also notable for some informal youth gatherings.

</doc>
<doc id="20086969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086969" title="BLAG Linux and GNU">
BLAG Linux and GNU

BLAG Linux and GNU is a Linux distribution made by the Brixton Linux Action Group.
BLAG is a single-CD distro with applications desktop users "expect" from a desktop including multimedia, graphics, desktop internet applications and more. BLAG also includes a collection of server packages. BLAG is based on Fedora plus updates, adds apps from Dag, Dries, Freshrpms, NewRPMS, and includes custom packages.
The first public release of BLAG was 22 October 2002. The latest stable release, BLAG 140k, is based on Fedora 14, and was released on 4 May 2011.
BLAG is one of the few operating systems listed as free software Linux distributions at Project GNU's links page.
Richard Stallman mentioned BLAG, GNU and Ututo when asked which distro he recommended during his speech at Universiti Sains Malaysia in 2005. He used Ututo at one point and uses gNewSense as of 2010.
The script used in BLAG for cleaning the kernel from non-free blobs shipped in it by default was used as a base for the Linux-libre set of scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="20086978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086978" title="Military Vehicle Technology Foundation">
Military Vehicle Technology Foundation

The Military Vehicle Technology Foundation is a large collection of military vehicles located in Portola Valley, California. It was founded by the late Jacques Littlefield, and now is under the direction of Bill Boller.
The founder of the Foundation, Mr. Jacques Littlefield, started the collection in 1975 with the purchase of an unrestored M3A1 Scout Car. The first two tanks arrived on site in 1983. The collection comprised a total of five armored vehicles by 1988. Over time other military vehicles and associated equipment were acquired from dealers, collectors, or in trade with various museums or government agencies in the United States and abroad. By the middle of the 1990s the collection included examples from almost all historically significant land battles of the last half-century. The oldest armored military vehicle in the collection is a World War I era M1917 light tank.
The Foundation was established in early 1998 to serve the interests of authors, historians, educators, the defense industry, veteran groups, model makers and the entertainment industry. Littlefield's major objective for the Foundation was to preserve the collection for the future.
The collection is very large, surpassing many national military museums in both quality and quantity. Over 200 armored fighting vehicles are present in the collection.
The foundation offers tours of its collection. Scheduling information can be found on its website.
In 2012 the foundation started a new program in conjunction with the Boy Scouts of America to start the youth Venturing Crew 551 to assist in the restoration of vehicles. As well as to help educate the public through tours and presentations about the significance of armored vehicles throughout history. More information about the crew can be found at their website .
The foundation signed over its collection to the Collings Foundation on July 4, 2013. The Collings Foundation plans to auction 160 of the vehicles in August 2014 to fund creation of a new museum to display the collection at the Collings Foundation headquarters in Stow, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20086983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086983" title="Griffith C. Evans">
Griffith C. Evans

Griffith Conrad Evans (11 May 1887 – 8 December 1973) was a mathematician working for much of his career at the University of California, Berkeley. He is largely credited with elevating Berkeley's mathematics department to a top-tier research department, having recruited many notable mathematicians in the 1930s and 1940s.
Biography.
Evans earned his PhD at Harvard in 1910 under Maxime Bôcher with a dissertation on Volterra's Integral Equation, after which he did a post-doc for two years at the University of Rome on a Sheldon Fellowship from Harvard. Evans was then appointed assistant professor at Rice University in 1912 and promoted to professor in 1916. He married Isabel Mary John in 1917 and they would eventually have 3 children. In 1934, he moved to University of California, Berkeley to chair the mathematics department. Here, Evans was tasked with improving the department, including the initiation of a graduate program. Much of his success was due to his ability to recruit many notable research mathematicians, including Hans Lewy, Jerzy Neyman, and Alfred Tarski. His own research work was in potential theory and mathematics applied to economics. He chaired Berkeley's department until 1949 and retired in 1955, eventually becoming the namesake of Evans Hall at Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="20087000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087000" title="Cyfronydd railway station">
Cyfronydd railway station

Cyfronydd railway station is a railway halt on the narrow gauge Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway in Mid Wales. It is a request halt.

</doc>
<doc id="20087021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087021" title="Samsung NC10">
Samsung NC10

The Samsung NC10 is a subnotebook / Netbook computer designed by Samsung. At the time of its introduction (2008), it was noted for its combination of a 10.2" screen and large 6-cell battery as standard, giving a battery life of up to 7.5 hours, a large hard disk drive and a release price of 499 USD (299 GBP).
Technical overview.
Processor and memory.
The Samsung NC10 uses a 1.6 GHz Intel Atom N270 processor running at FSB frequency of 533 MHz, and includes 1 GB of DDR2 800/6400 memory as standard. North bridge chipset is Intel 945GSE and south bridge is Intel ICH7-M. NC10 may be equipped with DDR2 667 or 800 MHz, but 945GSE GMCH supports DDR2 400/533 MHz only, so there is no reason to install memory faster than 533 MHz (PC2-4200). Internally, the NC10 has one slot for memory accepting memory modules up to 2 GB.
Display.
The screen is a non-glossy display and measures 10.2 inches (259 mm) diagonally, and has a resolution of 1024×600 pixels. An external display can be used through the standard VGA connector.
Keyboard.
The 83-key keyboard is 93% of the size of a full-size keyboard, with 17.7 mm pitch between keys and 2 mm travel on each key press, with some reviews claiming it is the best keyboard of any netbook yet released. The keyboard has also been treated with the anti-bacterial Silver Nano technology.
Storage.
The standard internal hard drive size is 160 GB. It also includes an SD card slot, supporting MMC, SD and SDHC cards for additional storage.
Problems with hardware.
Some users noticed a white screen problem. After some time if the brightness is more than 40% screen goes completely white.
It has been reported on various forums that the problem relates to a faulty cable between the screen and motherboard. Users have had success in getting this fixed under the Samsung factory warranty. A YouTube video provides a simple DIY solution to the issue by fastening some screws around the screen.
Operating Systems.
Windows platform.
The NC10 shipped with Windows XP Home Edition but was upgradeable to Windows Vista and Windows 7 after upgrading the RAM to 2 GB.
Linux.
Linux (e.g. Ubuntu Netbook Edition, Xubuntu, or Debian) runs well with the stock 1GB of RAM.
"Hackintosh" platform.
The NC10 can be used as the platform to run Mac OS X using the IDeneb installation method. This combination of installing Apple's operating system on non-Apple hardware is often referred to as a "hackintosh" computer. In many cases, some features of either the hardware or software may not be totally functional or work as intended. There have been several such issues reported when using the NC10's default hardware.
Colors and configurations.
The NC10 is available in different colors and configurations. Colors include white, black, blue and pink. The configurations may differ in the lack of Bluetooth, e.g. in Spanish markets and some models in German markets, the fitting of a UMTS/HSDPA module, a weaker battery, or a stronger battery and a slightly bigger but non-multitouch touchpad as "special edition", available in the US.
The new model N110 is an upgrade of the basic NC10 design, with improved battery life, modified touchpad and improved styling.

</doc>
<doc id="20087023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087023" title="Browns, Alabama">
Browns, Alabama

Browns is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. Browns formerly had one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, St. Luke's Episcopal Church, before it was removed to Cahaba in 2006.
It is home to a community airport
Geography.
Browns is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20087030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087030" title="Quadrula pustulosa">
Quadrula pustulosa

Quadrula pustulosa, common name the Pimpleback, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels. 

</doc>
<doc id="20087052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087052" title="Sivtsev Vrazhek Lane">
Sivtsev Vrazhek Lane

Sivtsev Vrazhek is a radial lane in the Central Administrative Okrug of Moscow; it forms the boundary between Arbat and Khamovniki municipal districts. The lane begins at a T-junction with Gogolevsky Boulevard and runs west, roughly parallel to Arbat Street (north) and Prechistenka Street (south), ending at a T-junction with Denezhny Lane, one block short of the Garden Ring. The name of the lane, literally "Sivka stream gully", refers to a historical stream now locked in an underground sewer and is only one of two "Vrazheks" in present-day Moscow (the other being Kozhevnichesky Vrazhek west of Novospassky Bridge). 
History.
Sivka stream ran eastward along the present-day lane into Chertoryi stream that flowed southward on site of present-day Gogolevsky Boulevard into Moskva River. In the 18th century Sivka was locked into an open stone-clad ditch, opening up space for a proper lane, and in the first quarter of 19th century the ditch was rebuilt into an underground sewer. 
In the 15th and 16th centuries Sivtsev Vrazhek was part of a road connecting Moscow with Smolensk. The area prospered since taking of Smolensk by Vasily III but in the end of the 16th century construction of Bely Gorod fortress walls separated the street from the center of Moscow; the Smolensk highway changed its track in favor of Arbat Street and Sivtsev Vrazhek became a quiet residential street. During the 17th century the area was fragmented into four slobodas of different trades employed by the Court: from east to west, these were icon painters, horse grooms, carpenters and mint workers. All of these trades are retained in the names of north-south lanes crossing Sivtsev Vrazhek. The crisis of Moscow economy caused by Peter I depopulated these slobodas and in the first half of 18th century their lands were taken over by aristocracy. The area was dominated by wooden estate houses placed on spacious garden lots, with very few stone buildings.
By the end of the 18th century the area was home to Moscow's oldest, but not necessarily the wealthiest, noble families. All of the building of this period perished in the Fire of 1812; after the fire, it was repopulated by the same upper-class families. Notable 19th century residents included Peter Kropotkin, Alexander Herzen, count Fyodor Tolstoy "The American", Sergey Aksakov; general Yermolov owned the building on the corner of Boulevard Ring but himself lived on Prechistenka Street. In 1863 Leo Tolstoy wrote in his diary that he dreamed of his own place in Sivtsev Vrazhek where he could spend the winter months in country style.
In the end of the 19th century the old aristocratic mansions on the north side of the lane were gradually replaced by mid-rise, upper- and middle-class apartment buildings; the process was interrupted by World War I and the Russian Civil War. The only building added in the interbellum period was a 1932 experimental apartment block designed by Dmitry Lebedev and Nikolai Ladovsky, notable for its combination of segments linked at 120° angle. More contemporary buildings were added in the 1950s and 1980s (most of them on the north side). The lane has been converted to one-way (westbound) traffic in the 1990s.
In fiction.
The lane, being part of the upper-class west side of Moscow, is featured in Russian-language fiction with notable occurrences in:

</doc>
<doc id="20087069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087069" title="Llanfair Caereinion railway station">
Llanfair Caereinion railway station

Llanfair Caereinion railway station located in Llanfair Caereinion is the Western terminus of the narrow gauge Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway. The locomotive shed is also located here.

</doc>
<doc id="20087075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087075" title="Tetrameridae">
Tetrameridae

Tetrameridae is a family of spirurian nematodes. It is the smallest of the large genera making up the bulk of the superfamily Habronematoidea. Like all nematodes, they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system. They are parasites, chiefly of birds and cetaceans.
This family contains the largest known nematode: "Placentonema gigantissima" is several meters long and has been found in the placenta of the Sperm Whale ("Physeter catodon").
Systematics.
The Tetrameridae number about half a dozen genera only, but some are rather speciose; the type genus "Tetrameres" contains a lot of species even by nematode standards. While it might be overlumped, as presently delimited about half of the more than 100 species of Tetrameridae are placed in it.
Subfamily Crassicaudinae Yorke & Maplestone, 1926
Subfamily Geopetitiinae Chabaud, 1951
Subfamily Tetramerinae Travassos, 1914

</doc>
<doc id="20087079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087079" title="Károly Szittya">
Károly Szittya

Károly Szittya (June 18, 1918 – August 9, 1983) was a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He play in Újpesti Dózsa 1930-1947, and Ferencvárosi TC 1948-1954.
He was born in Budapest and died in Szeged.
Szittya was part of the Hungarian team which won the silver medal in the 1948 tournament. He played six matches and scored six goals. Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored five goals.
After his active sport career he was water polo coach in Hungary and Cuba. In 1969 he became a member of the Hungarian Olympic Committee and received a Master Coach Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20087093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087093" title="Krushynka">
Krushynka

Krushynka () is a small village in Vasylkiv Raion in the Kiev Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine. It has 347 inhabitants.
History.
It is known at least from the 16th century.
Transport.
There is a bus from Kyiv to Vasylkiv. Then there is a local bus from the bus stop "Krushynka" to the center of village.
Architecture.
Shops.
In the time of the Soviet Union, there was a Prodmag (food market, Prod(ovolstvennyi) Mag(azin) on Russian). That shop is still there, but it has modern goods. It is at center of village on Kyivska Street.
Another store among the people just hendelyk, near the so-called rivchak (little brook).
A third store opened in 2008, and is located outside the village.
Culture.
Village club.
In the time of the Soviet Union, there was a village club. But with the ending of the Soviet Union, the club died.

</doc>
<doc id="20087113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087113" title="Tom L. Burnett">
Tom L. Burnett

Tom Burnett is a Republican Party representative in the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 63. After an unsuccessful attempt in 2008, he was elected in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20087126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087126" title="South-Eastern Administrative Okrug">
South-Eastern Administrative Okrug

South-Eastern Administrative Okrug, or Yugo-Vostochny Administrative Okrug (, "Yugo-Vostochny administrativny okrug"), is one of twelve administrative okrugs of Moscow. It was founded in 1991 and has an area of . Population: 
The administrative okrug is divided into twelve districts:

</doc>
<doc id="20087147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087147" title="George de Cuevas">
George de Cuevas

George de Cuevas ("Jorge Cuevas Bartholín"; 1885 – February 22, 1961) was a Chilean-born ballet impresario and choreographer who was best known for the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas that he formed in 1944.
Cuevas was born as Jorge Cuevas Bartholín in 1885 in Santiago, Chile, a son of Eduardo Cuevas Avaria (1821–1897), a prominent Chilean politician and former diplomat, and his third wife, the former María Manuela del Carmen Bartholín de la Guarda, who was half Danish. He had five siblings: Roberto, Luís, Enrique, Sara, and Carmela.[http://www.genealog.cl/Apellidos/Bravo/] He also had 11 half-siblings from his father's previous marriages.
Though Cuevas was apparently homosexual he married Margaret Rockefeller Strong, a granddaughter of John D. Rockefeller in Paris on 3 August 1927.
Around the time of the wedding, Cuevas had been serving as a secretary at the Chilean legation in London; the bride had been raised in Italy and studied chemistry at Cambridge University. The Cuevases would have two children, John (born 1931) and Elizabeth (born 1929, aka Bessie, later sculptor Elizabeth Strong-Cuevas).name=NYTObit>Staff. [http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=F30912FD3F5D1B728DDDAA0A94DA405B818AF1D3 "Marquis de Cuevas Dead at 75; Impresario of Ballet Company; Rockefeller Heiress' Husband Gave Elaborate Parties—Dueled With Dancer in '58", "The New York Times", February 23, 1961. Accessed November 5, 2008.</ref>
He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in July 1940 at the Ocean County Naturalization Court in Toms River, New Jersey, renouncing his title and becoming legally George de Cuevas. His title, however, continued to be used socially and in news reports. Cuevas and his wife sponsored an exhibition in 1940 at the New York World's Fair that included old masters and French moderns borrowed from private collections and valued at $30 million.
He founded a new ballet company as the Ballet International in New York City in 1944, performing at a now-destroyed theater in Columbus Circle. The company was variously called the Grand Ballet de Monte Carlo or the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas, but was most commonly called the de Cuevas Ballet by theatergoers.
In 1947, Rosella Hightower accepted an invitation from Cuevas to join his new ballet company. The presence there of choreographer Bronislava Nijinska was one of the major factors in Hightower's decision. Nijinska choreographed for Hightower the "glitteringly virtuosic" "Rondo Capriccioso". In addition to classic dances, Hightower's performances included "Piège de Lumière" by John Taras, the troupe's choreographer and balletmaster, in which she danced the role of a butterfly in a tropical forest who enchants a group of escaped convicts.
A 1953 costume party in Biarritz featured 2,000 guests, of 4,000 invitees, who wore 18th-century costumes. Cuevas, dressed in gold lamé and a headdress with towering ostrich plumes, came dressed as the "King of Nature".
At age 72, Cuevas faced off against the 52-year-old retired ballet dancer Serge Lifar in a duel on March 30, 1958. The duel was precipitated by an argument over changes to "Black and White," a ballet by Lifar that was being presented by the Cuevas ballet company. Lifar had his face slapped in public after insisting that he retained the rights to "Black and White". Lifar sent his seconds to Cuevas who refused to extend an apology and chose to duel with swords. As duels had been "technically outlawed" in the 17th century, the time and location of the duel were not disclosed to the public. The duel was conducted in front of 50 newspaper photographers and ended with the two combatants in tears and embraces in what "The New York Times" called "what may well have been the most delicate encounter in the history of French dueling", with the sole injury being a cut on Lifar's right forearm in the seventh minute.
The final success of his career was a production of "The Sleeping Beauty" that debuted in Paris in October 1960 and was well received by critics. His doctors allowed him to attend the ballet's premiere, with Cuevas noting that "if I am going to die, I will die backstage." He was rolled onto the stage in a wheelchair after the performance to a standing ovation from the audience. The troupe was to have opened "Sleeping Beauty" in Cannes the night after Cuevas died, and canceled the performance in his memory.
George de Cuevas died at age 75 on February 22, 1961 at his villa, Les Délices, in Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="20087165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087165" title="Minter, Alabama">
Minter, Alabama

Minter is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. Minter has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Street Manual Training School.
Geography.
Minter is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20087201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087201" title="David Feldman (boxer)">
David Feldman (boxer)

David Feldman (born October 4, 1970) is former Philadelphia-area professional boxer, carrying a record of 5 wins, 1 loss (5 KO's). Feldman and his partner Len Hayko formed FelKo promotions in 2004. Feldman is the son of boxing trainer Marty Feldman, and the brother of fellow boxer and promoter, Damon Feldman.

</doc>
<doc id="20087203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087203" title="James Henry Fields">
James Henry Fields

James Henry Fields (born c. November 1, 1948 – c. November 15, 1984) was an American pianist.
Fields was born in Los Angeles. He was a protégé of Rudolf Serkin. His life and ability were often paralleled to that of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Fields made his orchestral debut when he was ten years old and went on to solo extensively with almost every major orchestra in North and South America and Europe. He died at his sister's home in Shadow Hills, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20087239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087239" title="István Szívós">
István Szívós

Szívós István (August 20, 1920 – June 22, 1992) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Szeged and died in Budapest. He was the father of István Szívós, Jr.
Szívós was part of the Hungarian team which won the silver medal in the 1948 tournament. He played seven matches and scored twelve goals.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored 16 goals.
At the 1956 Games he won his second gold medal with the Hungarian team. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20087245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087245" title="Sardis, Alabama">
Sardis, Alabama

Sardis is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. Sardis has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the J. Bruce Hain House.
Geography.
Sardis is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20087264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087264" title="Thomas Rose (RAF officer)">
Thomas Rose (RAF officer)

Thomas Rose, DFC, (27 January 1895 – 20 June 1968) was a British Flying Ace in World War I credited with 11 victories. Better known as Tommy Rose, he also won the King's Cup Air Race in 1935 and from 1939-45 was Chief Test Pilot with Phillips & Powis Aircraft Ltd - renamed Miles Aircraft Ltd in 1943.
Involvement in World War I.
Rose joined the RFC in 1917 and was posted to No. 64 Squadron later that year, flying DH9s. The squadron was involved in the Battle of Cambrai in a ground-strafing role. It subsequently re-equipped with SE5as, which led to greater involvement in aerial combat. He was awarded the DFC in November 1918, having become a deputy flight commander.
Later military service.
Following the end of the war, Rose became a flight commander with No. 43 Squadron, RAF, serving from 1925-1927.
Civil Aviation Career.
After leaving the RAF with the rank of Flight Lieutenant, Rose worked in aviation first taking a job at Brooklands in charge of Britain's first petrol station for aeroplanes which was opened there by the Anglo-American Oil Company in April 1927. In 1930 he gave several public aerobatic displays at Brooklands. He enjoyed notable success in air racing when he won the prestigious Kings Cup Air Race in 1935 flying the prototype Miles M.3 Falcon G-ADLC. Initially joining Phillips & Powis Aircraft Ltd (later Miles Aircraft Ltd as sales pilot and flying instructor at Woodley Aerodrome near Reading, Berkshire, he became the company's chief test pilot after the unexpected death of Bill Skinner in 1939 and remained in that position throughout World War 2.
Background.
Thomas Rose lived (for a time in retirement) in a house on Alderney, Channel Islands. The house, in Les Venelles, carries a blue plaque on the wall.
References.
Gardner, Charles (1956) ‘Fifty Years of Brooklands’ (Heinemann)

</doc>
<doc id="20087279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087279" title="György Vizvári">
György Vizvári

György Vizvári (, December 18, 1928 – July 30, 2004) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest.
Vizvári was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 tournament. He played seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20087322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087322" title="Richmond, Alabama">
Richmond, Alabama

Richmond is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. Richmond gained its name from Richmond County, New York, the birthplace for several early settlers, most notably the Crocherons. Richmond has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Street Manual Training School. Elm Bluff Plantation, owned by John Jay Crocheron, is nearby in Elm Bluff.
Geography.
Richmond is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20087343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087343" title="Mitchells Island">
Mitchells Island

Mitchells Island is the largest of several islands in the mouth of the Manning River. It is roughly triangular in shape and has an area of approximately . It is bordered on the north by the main channel of the Manning River, on the southwest by Scotts Creek, and on the east by the Pacific Ocean. The ocean edge extends from Old Bar in the south to Harrington to the north.
Mitchells Island is located at 31°53'60S 152°37'0E and varies its altitude from sea level to . It is named after Thomas Livingstone Mitchell (1792–1855), who served as Surveyor-General for Australia. It and the adjacent Oxley Island is a shale outcrop rather than a sandy deposit.
The population of Mitchells Island is approximately 300 permanent residents. Much of the island was covered by dairy farms but today there is only one remaining farm. It is a popular holiday location and has two caravan parks and many rental homes and units.
Mitchells Island largely consists of dense rainforest, home to many native animals including koalas, echidnas, wallabies, possums, bandicoots, quolls, goannas and birds.
The housing estate 'Manning Waters' was developed in 1991 with two houses, growing to 36 homes today. The Mitchell family are the local guides, providing an information centre. The Islands famed Mitchells family home and information/manning tours centre is situated between the Islands historical St. Marks church which was built in the 1940s in the place where its large cedar log washed down river from the timber mill during floods, and the 'Best view' cemetery, on the highest point of the Island looking over the river towards the little brother mountain ranges.
There is one village on the island, Manning Point, approximately north of Sydney. Besides the holiday rental units, it has a general store, a bowling club, the two caravan parks, a cafe, and a bait shop. The general store is also the news agent, the video rental shop, the Australia Post Office, the bottle shop, the burger and fish and chips grill, and the grocery store.
The Pacific Ocean forms the eastern border of the island. While the entire length is a sand beach, there are two accesses. The northern access is from the village of Manning Point and is reinforced to allow four-wheel drive vehicle access. The southern access is from Beach Road. This access is a narrow path over the boundary dune. Neither beach is patrolled.

</doc>
<doc id="20087355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087355" title="Corn Hill">
Corn Hill

Corn Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20087366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087366" title="List of LMS locomotives as of 31 December 1947">
List of LMS locomotives as of 31 December 1947

The following is a list of locomotives of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway as of 31 December 1947. This date is significant because nationalisation of the Big Four occurred the next day, 1 January 1948. Thus this is the list of locomotives as inherited by British Railways. At this time there were approximately 8,000 steam locomotives, 50 diesel locomotives and a handful of others.
Overview.
In addition to its own builds, the LMS still owned locomotives inherited from various constituent companies: the Caledonian Railway (CR), Furness Railway (FR), Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR), Highland Railway (HR), London and North Western Railway (LNWR), London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LT&SR), Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR), Midland Railway (MR), and North London Railway (NLR).
The most numerous class at this point was, if Midland and LMS classes are combined, the 4F (192 MR, 5 S&DJR, 575 LMS), and the second (or without combination) the "Black Five" with 742 locomotives, there were also 623 8Fs, including 67 LNER Class O6 on hire.
The LMS numbered self-propelled vehicles (diesel railcars, EMUs) into the coaching stock series, with the exception of the L&YR Railmotors.
BR allocated numbers in March 1948 (in the meantime there were a few withdrawals and new construction). Most ex-LMS engines had 40000 added to their numbers, but those with numbers over 20000 were renumbered in the 58xxx series to avoid the 6xxxx series used for ex-LNER locomotives. The ex-MR 2F and 3F 0-6-0s were also renumbered into that series. It then took a few years to renumber all the locomotives.
In terms of locomotive taxonomy, the LMS had a tendency to lump classes together (e.g. Sentinels, diesel shunters, ex-Midland 0-4-4Ts), but for clarity these have been split into subclasses where appropriate.
NB: This list is currently under constructiom. The power classification given is the LMS power classification. BR adopted the same system system-wide, but adapted it slightly.
Also, NCC engines and some departmental stock is missing.
British locomotives.
Engineering Department series.
ED No. 2
Wolverton Carriage Works series.
Wolverton Carriage Works had their own separately numbered series. They had four ex-LNWR Special Tanks, Numbers 3, 6, 7 and 8.
Irish locomotives.
For completeness, Irish locomotives will be given here.
NCC broad gauge.
Class WT locomotives were built at Derby Works in England to the design of George Ivatt between 1946 and 1950. They were numbered 1–10 and 50–57. They were a tank engine version of the NCC Class W moguls. A tank engine did not require turning at termini and the LMS had produced a series of successful 2-6-4Ts. Like the LMS Fairburn 2-6-4T built at the same time, they had a hopper bunker and absence of plating ahead of the cylinders. They were based on the LMS Fowler 2-6-4T by Sir Henry Fowler.
In December 1962 locomotive No.50 received a boiler from one of the ex-NCC 2-6-0 tender locomotives, the boiler and firebox being overhauled and repaired at Derby.
In early 1966 and towards the end of their careers, the Class WT locomotives were involved in working notable traffic. This was on spoil trains that transported fill for motorway construction from the Blue Circle cement works at Magheramorne to Greencastle near Belfast. Three trains of twenty hopper wagons each were made up, with a Class WT locomotive at each end. Each train when filled carried 600 tons of rock and in all, some 7,600 trains had carried 4¼ million tons of material by the time the contract ended in May 1970.
The last of the Class WT locomotives were officially withdrawn in 1971 the last time one was in traffic being 22 October 1970. This made them the last steam locomotives in mainline operation in the British Isles; Córas Iompair Éireann steam in the Republic of Ireland having ended in 1962 and British Railways steam in Great Britain having finished in 1968,
One of these locomotives, No.4, has been preserved by the Railway Preservation Society of Ireland which operates it on special mainline trains. It is currently stored awaiting overhaul at the RPSI's Whitehead depot. This will hopefully not take long as No 4 is a popular engine with the enthusiasts, drivers, firemen and the public a like. 
The RPSI is also looking at the possibility of building a new member of the class (No.58) to give them a second mainline tank locomotive considering the low availability of turntables on modern day lines. The last locomotives to work in the United Kingdom were two of these tank locomotives. They were nicknamed Jeeps by railway men due to their immense size.
Class W mogul 2-6-0 locomotives worked on the main Belfast to Dublin main line. Also work on the Lisburn to Antrim line. This included goods and passenger work as they were mixed traffic locomotives. Earl of Ulster no 97 was seen frequently on goods trains passing through Goraghwood railway station. They may also have worked ballast trains from goraghwood quarry. No 100 Queen Elizabeth hauled a royal train in 1952. There is deep regret that no examples of the class were preserved,in particular no 97 Earl of Ulster. 
Class U2 4-4-0 locomotives were based on Midland compounds and had compound equipment fitted and tablet catchers to work on single line sections. One of the is preserved at the Ulster Folk and Transport museum and is called Dunluce Castle. 
Two ex-LMS Class 3F 0-6-0T Jintys were re-gauged and sent to work as shunters in Belfast renamed Class 0-6-0T. Maximum working boiler pressure was 160 psi(lbs). 
Also Classes A1,B,B1,C,C1,D E and E1 were all compounds. This meant they were more efficient as the steam was used twice.
DN&GR (broad gauge).
0-6-0STs Nos 1-4, 6.
County Donegal (narrow gauge).
The County Donegal Railways Joint Committee (CDRJC)

</doc>
<doc id="20087416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087416" title="Estherton, Pennsylvania">
Estherton, Pennsylvania

Estherton is an Unincorporated area in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, in the Harrisburg-Carlisle area. It is on the Susquehanna River just north of the city of Harrisburg in Susquehanna Township. It is served by the Harrisburg post office with the zip code of 17110.
Estherton (earlier Coxestown). Nearby Fort Hunter served as a supply base for the armed forces during the French and Indian War. The second settlement is what is now known as Rockville, which was settled in 1774 by a Mr. Roberts, and was first known as "Brushy Rock." Roberts Valley could be assumed to have been named after Mr. Roberts. The only settlement in the eastern portion of the Township mentioned in the 1815 period was Progress, by which name it is known today.

</doc>
<doc id="20087438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087438" title="Unique Domain Authentication Identifier">
Unique Domain Authentication Identifier

The Unique Domain Authentication Identifier (UDAI) is a case-sensitive, eight-character-long "password" which is unique for every Internet NZ domain name (code ".nz"). The UDAI is made up of letters in both upper and lower case as well as numbers.
The UDAI is the password for the domain and can be used to transfer the ownership of the domain.
When an Internet domain name is registered, the related UDAI is initially generated. However, a new UDAI can be requested by the owner at any time.

</doc>
<doc id="20087444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087444" title="Bill Schaefer">
Bill Schaefer

Bill Schaefer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20087456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087456" title="Big Bend Ranch State Park (Texas)">
Big Bend Ranch State Park (Texas)

Big Bend Ranch State Park is a state park located on the Rio Grande in Brewster County and Presidio County, Texas. It is the largest state park in Texas. The closest major town is Presidio, Texas, where the state park's head office is located.
Features.
Big Bend Ranch is located adjacent to Big Bend National Park and shares the national park's Chihuahuan Desert ecosystem. However, in one significant aspect the state park is managed very differently from the nearby national park, as the state park encompasses a network of cattle ranches operated according to the principle of the open range. A herd of longhorn cattle is based here, and there is a semi-annual longhorn roundup.
The Big Bend Ranch manages of frontage along the Rio Grande, and river rafting is popular here. Away from the river, visitors can hike, backpack, go horseback riding or enjoy mountain biking in the Big Bend Ranch's substantial backcountry. The park is open year round and an admission fee is charged.
Flora.
Desert vegetation dominates the park including lechuguilla and grama. Other common plants include sotol, ocotillo and mesquite. Along the Rio Grande and around some of the springs in the park are reeds, willows, and cottonwood and ash trees. The park contains most of the existing populations of the federally threatened Hinckley oak.
Fauna.
Common animals in the park include mule deer, collared peccary and many species of lizard. Rarer animals include the cougar, golden eagle, bobcat, peregrine falcon, zone-tailed hawk and western mastiff bat. As of 2011, park management is attempting to re-establish a self-sustaining population of desert bighorn sheep.
Waterfalls.
The Big Bend Ranch is home to Madrid Falls, the second highest waterfall in Texas. The terrain around Madrid Falls makes it difficult to access.
Park management.
Visitation.
Big Bend Ranch State Park was expected to enjoy an estimated 2,500 visitors in 2008, a relatively low level of visitation for a park of its size.
Recent events.
The Nature Conservancy of Texas announced in November 2008 that they had purchased the Fresno Ranch, a inholding within the state park, for the purpose of planning the transfer of the land to the state park for integrated park management purposes and eventual public enjoyment. The price was said to be $2.6 million. The ranch, which occupied several comparatively well-watered parcels of land within the park's boundaries, was in the southeastern quadrant of the park.
In early 2011, the Texas Parks and Wildife Department oversaw the transport of 29 desert bighorn sheep to the Bofecillos Range. It was hoped that this herd would become the ancestral animals of a self-sustaining population of bighorns within the park. The last unmanaged population of Texas desert bighorn sheep was shot or died about 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20087471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087471" title="Great North Museum">
Great North Museum

The Great North Museum is a visitor attraction in Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England. It features three venues: the , the Hatton Gallery on the Newcastle University campus and the Regional Resource Centre in the basement of the Discovery Museum. All three venues are currently open.
Development.
The £26 million Great North Museum project is a partnership between Newcastle University, Tyne & Wear Museums, Newcastle City Council, the Natural History Society of Northumbria and the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne. The Great North Museum project has been made possible with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund, TyneWear Partnership, One NorthEast, the European Regional Development Fund, Newcastle University, Newcastle City Council, the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, the Wolfson Foundation and The Northern Rock Foundation, as well as numerous other trusts and foundations. The building architects were Terry Farrell and Partners; Sir Terry Farrell is a native of Newcastle, and had previously been a student at Newcastle University.
On 21 November 2008, the 'Be Part of It' campaign was launched, and it was announced that the Great North Museum: Hancock would be opening in 2009. Athlete Jonathan Edwards is the patron of the 'Be Part of It' campaign. Donors to the campaign have the opportunity to have their name (or the name of a loved one) permanently included on a donor wall in the museum.
On 6 November 2009, HM The Queen officially opened the Great North Museum. In 2009, the Great North Museum had over 600,000 visitors.
The Great North Museum Library is open to the public and is located on the second floor of the Hancock. It houses three collections - the Library and Archives of the Natural History Society of Northumbria, the Library of the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne and Newcastle University’s Cowen Library.
Museums.
Great North Museum: Hancock.
The "Great North Museum: Hancock" not only holds the collections of the former Hancock Museum and collates those of Newcastle University's Museum of Antiquities and Shefton Museum, which closed their doors in 2008. The museum opened on 23 May 2009.
The natural history museum includes an interactive model of Hadrian's Wall, new displays showing diversity of the animal and plant kingdoms, objects from the Ancient Greeks and mummies from Ancient Egypt, a planetarium and a cast of a T-Rex dinosaur skeleton. The interactive Bio-Wall features hundreds of creatures, that visitors will be able to investigate and find out where they live and how they survive in such extreme places as the Arctic and Desert. Live animal tanks and aquaria have been integrated into this display where visitors are to see creatures such as cichlid fish, axlotls pythons, lizards and scorpions. There is also a full size model of an elephant, a great white shark display, polar bear and giraffe specimens from the historic Hancock collections and a moa skeleton.
Hatton Gallery.
The university's art gallery, the Hatton Gallery is also a part of the Great North Museum Project, but is not relocating to the Hancock, and is thus remaining in Newcastle University's Fine Art Building. Its permanent collection comprises over 3,500 works, some dating back to the 14th century. These works of art include paintings, sculptures, prints and drawings. Notably, it houses the "Merzbarn" - the only surviving Merz construction by Kurt Schwitters. The gallery stayed open during the Great North Museum development.

</doc>
<doc id="20087472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087472" title="Peter Lhotka">
Peter Lhotka

Peter Lhotka started in the entertainment industry as a performer at the age of nine. Graduating to behind the camera work in 1986, he has worked in the film industry for over 20 years. Currently he is producing feature films and television projects while maintaining his passion for theatre by working as a theatre director on occasion.
His parents are Nenad Lhotka and Jill Morse, former Ballet Master and Ballerina with the world renowned Royal Winnipeg Ballet. His grandfather was Composer Fran Lhotka, Uncle is Composer Ivo Lhotka-Kalisnsky.

</doc>
<doc id="20087488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087488" title="Bradford Lyttle">
Bradford Lyttle

Bradford Lyttle (born November 20, 1927) is a prominent pacifist and peace activist. He was an organizer with the Committee for Non-Violent Action of several major campaigns against militarism, including "Omaha Action", against land-based nuclear missiles (1959); "Polaris Action" against submarine-based nuclear missiles (1960); the San Francisco to Moscow Peace Walk (1961); and the Quebec-Washington-Guantanamo Peace Walk (1963).
In 1965 Bradford gave lectures on 'Non-Violent resistance' for the newly founded Free University of New York.
Among his theoretical works are a 1958 pamphlet presenting the case for nonviolent national defense against aggression; and a mathematical formula called "The Apocalypse Equation", which argues that, over time, the probability of nuclear missiles being used approaches 100%.
He is also the founder and perennial candidate for the office of President of the United States of the United States Pacifist Party. He ran as a write-in candidate in the 1984, 1996, and 2000 elections, and on the ballot in the state of Colorado in 2008. In 2008 Lyttle came in second to last of sixteen candidates in Colorado for which he received 110 votes, beating only Gene Amondson of the Prohibition Party. In Colorado, Amondson came in last place among all candidates with ballot access (though Amondson won enough votes elsewhere to surpass Lyttle's total nationally).
Lyttle was arrested for nonviolent peaceful demonstrations many times. In 1996 he, David Dellinger, and Abbie Hoffman's son Andrew were among ten people arrested for a sit-in at the Chicago Federal Building during the first Democratic National Convention held in Chicago since 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20087495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087495" title="Claudia Nolte">
Claudia Nolte

Claudia Nolte was born Claudia Wiesemüller on February 7, 1966 in Rostock, a town that then lay in East Germany. Nolte became a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union party (CDU), becoming the youngest cabinet minister in German history whilst in office from 1994–98. She was Federal Minister for family, seniors, women and youth affairs and, by virtue of this office, presided over the European Union Council of Ministers. Claudia is a Catholic and is active in the Catholic community. She is married to investigative journalist David Crawford of The Wall Street Journal. With her marriage in July 2008, she changed her name to Claudia Crawford.
Childhood.
Claudia Wiesemüller was born in 1966 and in her teenage years was refused admission to a college preparatory school due to her participation in Catholic church youth activities. East German school officials required her to learn a trade before she could enroll in college, so whilst attending a technical secondary school in Rostock, she took vocational training in marine electronics from 1982 to 1984.
Entry into politics.
In 1985, Nolte studied automation and cybernetic engineering at the Technical University of Ilmenau, where she graduatated with a Diplom degree in 1990. In October 1989 she was active in the opposition movement New Forum within the German Democratic Republic and joined the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in February 1990. After completing her studies at the Technical University of Ilmenau, she accepted a position as a research assistant there but left this job within weeks owing to her election to the first freely elected East German parliament.
Political office.
From March to October 1990, Nolte was a member of the parliament of the German Democratic Republic, or East Germany. After German unification on October 3, 1990 she joined the Bundestag where she served from 1991 to 1994 as her party's spokeswoman on women's policy. From 1992 to 1994 she was a member of Thuringia CDU.
On November 18, 1994, Nolte became the minister for family, senior citizens and youth. She was 28 years old, making her the youngest German cabinet minister in German history. On November 30, 1994 she was named the European Union Council of Ministers President – again the youngest ever. In 1998 she left the German cabinet when her party joined the opposition. From 1996 to 2000 Nolte was a member of the CDU presiding council in Germany and from January 1999 to October 2002 she was commissioner of the CDU/CSU-fraction for disabled people.
From 2002 to 2005, Nolte was vice chairman for United Nations contacts in the German parliament. In 2005 she failed to win a direct seat in the Bundestag representing the Gotha Ilm county electoral district. Under Germany's electoral law she was eligible to return to the German Federal Parliament via the state list in May 2008, but she declined.
Later career.
In January 2006, Nolte moved to Belgrade where she directed the activities of a political foundation, heading the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung offices in Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo. In April 2010 she moved to London where she headed the activities of the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung offices in the United Kingdom and Ireland. In 2013 she moved to Moscow where she heads the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung offices in Russia.
She is a member of the German American Society, Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung, Christlich-Demokratische Arbeitnehmerschaft (CDA) and of CDU/CSU's association of medium-sized businesses "Mittelstands- und Wirtschaftsvereinigung" (MIT).

</doc>
<doc id="20087496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087496" title="Danish Speedway League">
Danish Speedway League

The Danish Speedway League (da. "Dansk Speedway Liga") is the top division of motorcycle speedway in Denmark.
2008 season.
The 2008 season was won by Slangerup; they beat Esbjerg and Holsted.

</doc>
<doc id="20087532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087532" title="Jake Watson">
Jake Watson

Jake Watson (December 5, 1973 – March 12, 1999) was an American cyclist. He assisted in the development of the sport of downhill mountain biking, making contributions to industry marketing, bike design and riding techniques.
Known for his massive frame, Watson was given the nickname "Earthquake" early into his cycling, carrying the name to the top on podiums throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. Watson lost his life during downhill practice for California's Keysville Classic as a result of injuries sustained in a crash. As a tribute to Watson's contributions, a major bicycle manufacture released a frame series in 1999, entitled "Quake".

</doc>
<doc id="20087534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087534" title="Empathic concern">
Empathic concern

Empathic concern refers to other-oriented emotions elicited by and congruent with the perceived welfare of someone in need. These other-oriented emotions include feelings of tenderness, sympathy, compassion, soft-heartedness, and the like. 
Empathic concern is often and wrongly confused with empathy. To empathize is to respond to another's perceived emotional state by experiencing feeling of a similar sort. Empathic concern or sympathy not only include empathizing, but also entails having a positive regard or a non-fleeting concern for the other person.
C. Daniel Batson is one chief pioneer of the term. His mature definition of the term is ""other-oriented emotion elicited by and congruent with the perceived welfare of someone in need"". Batson explains this definition in the following way. 
Many writers other than Batson use different terms for this construct or very similar constructs. Especially popular—perhaps more popular than 'empathic concern'—are sympathy, compassion or pity. Other terms include the tender emotion and sympathetic distress.
Human beings are strongly motivated to be connected to others. In humans and higher mammals, an impulse to care for offspring is almost certainly genetically hard-wired, although modifiable by circumstance.
Evolutionary origins.
At the behavioral level it is evident from the descriptions of comparative psychologists and ethologists that behaviors homologous to empathic concern can be observed in other mammalian species. Notably, a variety of reports on ape empathic reactions suggest that, apart from emotional connectedness, apes have an explicit appreciation of the other's situation. A good example is consolation, defined as reassurance behavior by an uninvolved bystander towards one of the combatants in a previous aggressive incident.
Developmental origins.
Empathic concern is thought to emerge later developmental and to require more self-control than either emotional contagion or personal distress. Developmental research indicates a broad range of social competencies children bring to their interpersonal relationships. As early as 2 years of age, they show (a) the cognitive capacity to interpret, in simple ways, the physical and psychological states of others, (b) the emotional capacity to experience, affectively, the state of others, and (c) the behavioral repertoire that permits the possibility of attempts to alleviate discomfort in others. 
Both personal disposition such as temperament and social context contribute to individual differences in concern for others. Some developmental psychologists have hypothesized that empathic concern for others are essential factors inhibiting aggression toward others.
Contribution of social psychology.
Empathic concern may produce an altruistic motivation to reduce the other person's distress. The challenge of demonstrating the existence of altruistic motivation is to show how empathic concern leads to helping in ways that cannot be explained by prevailing theories of egoistic motivation. That is, a clear case needs to be made that it is concern about the other person's welfare, not a desire to improve one's own welfare, that primarily drives one's helping behavior in a particular situation. 
Empirical studies conducted by social psychologist Daniel Batson have demonstrated that empathic concern is felt when one adopts the perspective of another person in need. His work emphasizes the different emotions evoked when imagining another situation from a self-perspective or imagining from another perspective. The former is often associated with personal distress (i.e., feelings of discomfort and anxiety), whereas the latter leads to empathic concern.
Social neuroscience evidence.
Social neuroscience explores the biological underpinnings of empathic concern and more generally interpersonal sensitivity, using an integrative approach that bridges the biological and social levels. Neural systems, including autonomic functions, that rely on brain stem neuropeptides, such as oxytocin and vasopressin, are plausible correlates for empathic concern. Alternatively, vasopressin might be implicated in situations where a more active strategy is required for an effective response.
An association between executive functions, underpinned by the prefrontal cortex with reciprocal connections with the limbic system, the sense of agency, and empathic concern has been suggested based on lesion studies in neurological patients and functional neuroimaging experiments in healthy individuals. 
The difference between imaging self versus imaging other is supported by a series of functional neuroimaging studies of affective processing. For instance, Lamm, Batson and Decety (2007) found that participants reported more empathic concern when imagining the pain of others when adopting another perspective, and more personal distress when imagining themselves to be in pain. 
The fMRI scans revealed that imagining self in pain was associated with strong activation in brain areas involved in affective response to threat and pain, including the amygdala, insula and anterior cingulate cortex. Imagine-other instructions produced higher activity in the right temporoparietal junction (or TPJ), which is associated with self-other distinctiveness and the sense of agency.

</doc>
<doc id="20087541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087541" title="Larry Gatlin discography">
Larry Gatlin discography

This article presents the discography of country music singer-songwriter, Larry Gatlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20087547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087547" title="Castle Storm">
Castle Storm

Castle Storm is the second novel in the Welkin Weasels series by Garry Kilworth. Picking up shortly after the end of "Thunder Oak", the novel centers on the anthropomorphised weasels searching for the humans that mysteriously vanished from their homeland many years before. Following a clue found in the first book, the weasels, led by the outlaw Sylver and pursued by the stoat Sheriff Falshed, journey to a far-away city where they find themselves entangled in a battle between rivaling clans of squirrels. Published in Germany under the title "Belagert die Sturmburg."
Synopsis.
After discovering the second clue to the whereabouts of the humans lies at the famed Castle Storm, the outlaw weasels journey to the south of Welkin, where the castle lies, to discover more about the mysterious human evacuation. However, a cascade of rats is swarming down from the marshes in the north of the island to seize power from Prince Poynt.
Plot.
In the unnamed marshes in the north of Welkin, the evil stoat lord Flaggatis plots to eradicate Prince Poynt's grip on power. He sends his evil rats to commence a massive war against the stoats. His main attack source is Castle Rayn, home of the stoats, but he also has other targets, too: County Elleswhere, home of Sylver's band, and County Fearsomeshire, home of Lord Ragnar. Prince Poynt and his stoats are overwhelmed, 'in their beds', as Flaggatis hopes, but not before a ferret messenger is sent to Lord Haukin, ruler of Halfmoon Wood.
In the wood, Sylver's band corner the ferret and eventually, when Sylver arrives, they listen to his story. Lord Flaggatis has built a massive wooden god-effigy, more like a monstrous white rat than anything else. After hearing the ferret's alarming tale, the weasels consider what to do and decide to support the stoats in their battle against the rats, as the rats are the enemies of all of Welkin and the weasels start to travel to Castle Rayn. They eventually reach it, although they have to contend with several cowardly stoat mercenaries upon the way, who have deserted the war out of fear of the rats, but eventually the cowardly stoat soldiers join the weasels to attack the rats. The weasels send Scirf and Mawk in to infiltrate the castle, and they eventually enter, but ironically the weasels are captured by Prince Poynt in the process, who throws them in his dungeons. Mawk the doubter convinces their guard to play a game of hollyhockers with him, and appears to lose, but later he reveals that he held the guard's key to the weasels' cell in his mouth all along.
After slipping through a grating cover, the weasels worm their way down through the underground rivers and enter an otter colony, where they meet Sleek, an otter obsessed with fashion. Back at Castle Rayn, Prince Poynt appears cleverer than he looks, and tells Sheriff Falshed to follow the weasels and obstruct them in their quest. After allowing him to free them, the weasels then enter an open lake where they meet their old friend Sheriff Falshed, who has been knocked unconscious by the fall from the cliff. After contending with some rats and a giant dragonfly nymph, carnivorous in nature (carnivorous meaning "mammal"-eating, rather than insect eating) Sheriff Falshed fakes amnesia, and thus the weasels "finally" make their way to the castle, leaving Sleek the otter to go his own way (to find a fashion industry). Sheriff Falshed fakes amnesia throughout the entire voyage to Castle Storm, where the weasels meet a massive rivalry between the gray squirrels and the highly arrogant red squirrels. The red squirrels are led by Clive of Coldkettle, who sports an extra-large tail, and the gray squirrels are led by Pommf de Fritte. The weasels are accepted by the reds, and are shown around town by Clive, where Sylver encounters a coven of moles, who, much to Sylver's alarm, proclaim him to be Lord of Elleswhere.
The weasels are invited to a tournament, where, to their horror, their friend Icham is killed by Torca Marda. Icham dies despite an attempt to revive him by a good stoat doctor. After a feast that night, where the weasels meet two evil ferrets called Rosencrass and Guildenswine, who plot to kill Prince Poynt, and an extremely evil stoat called Torca Marda, who killed Sylver's father. The weasels then journey down beneath the castle to search for the clue, and narrowly avoid death when Torca Marda attempts to kill the weasels by resurrecting a badger, although they kill the fiend by stabbing it with a raptor's claw. Then the dragonfly from the lake breaks out of its aquatic nature and attacks the castle, devouring any creature in its path. The coven of moles, still intent on Sylver being a lord, suggest that they should feed the old and weak animals to the ravenous beast, and Torca Marda agrees on this mad plan.
Wodehed the magician comes up with a solution to the problem of the dragonfly: they must journey to the Forest of Lost Birds and retrieve a secret herb, known as "Shatter" from the goddess Sessile's garden. Sessile is a sentient tree, and in her roots another dimension resides. On their way to the forest, they run into, and escape, a group of birds who are obsessed with the idea of returning home to their island via a ship of Braeburns, and then are attacked by Rosencrass and Guildenswine, who, upon revealing that they have murdered one of the birds, are imprisoned in the trees of the Forest of Lost Birds. The weasels retrieve the herb, return to Castle Storm, and destroy the dragonfly, whereupon it shatters into small, harmless dragonflies. Torca Marda, furious at this loss of chaos, attempts to kill Sylver, but is scared off by Scirf, pretending to be an animal dying from the mange, and falls over a cliff to his death. His priests, attempting to shatter the squirrels into pieces with the herb, are themselves turned into minuscule stoats by the same herb and Welkin is free of the evil of Torca Marda. The next day Lord Ragnar is killed in battle with the rats, and Prince Poynt promises to elect Sylver to a lord if he defeats the rats, thus fulfilling the mole coven's prophecy. Lord Haukin tells Sylver and the weasels to partially knock down the sea walls, allowing a bore to flood to Castle Rayn and destroy the rat hordes, along with the effigy, although Lord Flaggatis escapes, along with most of the rats.
The otter Sleek comes to Castle Rayn to make a fashion industry with the stoat princess, Prince Poynt's sister, (who secretly fancies Falshed) and the prince is left to his misery, thinking gloomily about his murdered brother, King Redfur (Poynt refuses to be king as all the previous stoat kings were murdered) who often enters his mind when he is feeling depressed. The novel ends with Poynt overlooking a massive inland saltlake which now spreads around his castle, whereas in the rest of Welkin the sea begins to cascade down into the land.

</doc>
<doc id="20087561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087561" title="Malbank School and Sixth Form College">
Malbank School and Sixth Form College

Malbank School is a comprehensive secondary school and sixth form in Nantwich, Cheshire with pupils of both sexes aged from 11 to 18.
Admissions.
It is situated in the west of Nantwich, close to the boundary with Henhull, on the A534 and the Shropshire Union Canal.
Sixth form.
The Sixth Form, which has its own "building" within the school, takes applicants mainly from Crewe and Nantwich but also takes students from the surrounding Cheshire area. Students will normally take three or four "A-levels", occasionally two, and receive the opportunity to undertake an Extended Project Qualification (EPQ), but there are also limited BTEC courses which are intended be taken with certain A-level choices. 
History.
Grammar school.
Malbank School originates in three schools. The oldest is the original Nantwich Grammar School, first recorded in 1572, but believed to have been founded in around 1560. The original schoolhouse was in the churchyard of St Mary's Church. In 1860 the school amalgamated with the Blue Cap Charity School, which was founded in around 1700, to form the new Nantwich Grammar School, and moved to 108 Welsh Row, where the former schoolhouse and headmaster's house still stands. In 1885, it combined with Acton Grammar School, becoming Nantwich and Acton Grammar School or NAGS. It moved to its present site in 1921. The horses on the school coat of arms were added purely because of the NAGS acronym."
In 1960, the school celebrated its 400th anniversary, with the Duchess of Gloucester attending the school prize-giving on 18 November 1960. On the occasion, the "Nantwich Guardian" reported that the "school of ancient history had turned into one of the most up-to-date in the County, catering for all the widely varying needs of individual children."
Comprehensive.
Nantwich and Acton Grammar School became a comprehensive school in 1977. The name later changed to Malbank School and Sixth Form College. The Nantwich and Acton symbol still remains in the logo of the two horses' heads, an emblem found on many important school objects.
In 2010, the school celebrated its 450th anniversary with a full school ceremony and visit from the Duke of Gloucester on 26 April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20087570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087570" title="Georges de Layens">
Georges de Layens

Georges de Layens (6 January 1834, Lille – 23 October 1897, Nice) was a French botanist and apiculturalist. He was the creator of a popular mobile beehive called the "Layens hive".
Layens was a member of the Académie des sciences. From 1869 to 1874, he lived in the Dauphiné Alps, where he established an apiary. Around 1877 he founded an apiary in Louye, Eure. 
Published works.
He wrote or co-wrote a number of works on beekeeping and botany. With Gaston Bonnier (1853–1922), he was co-author of a book on apiculture called ""Cours complet d'apiculture"" and a publication on plants of northern France and Belgium titled ""Nouvelle flore du Nord de la France et de la Belgique"". Other publications associated with Layens include:

</doc>
<doc id="20087584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087584" title="Swayne &amp; Hoyt Lines">
Swayne &amp; Hoyt Lines

Swayne & Hoyt Lines was an American steamship company based in San Francisco, California, and in operation from the late 1890s to the late 1930s.
Swayne & Hoyt was engaged in trade with Japan by 1896, when the company was recorded as protesting duties assessed on ceramic goods it had imported in February 1896.
In the years after World War I, Swayne & Hoyt was engaged in the tramp trade with leased ships but later evolved into a scheduled cargo line. In 1926, the company was operating the American-Australian-Orient Line which sailed to Australia, New Zealand, and Asian ports. Also in the mid-1920s, Swayne & Hoyt was engaged in trade between Pacific ports and the east coast of South America.
By the late 1930s, Swayne & Hoyt was engaged in intercoastal shipping between U.S. ports on the Gulf of Mexico and on ports on the Pacific coast via the Panama Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="20087599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087599" title="American Indian boarding schools">
American Indian boarding schools

American Indian boarding schools were boarding schools established in the United States during the late 19th and early 20th centuries to educate Native American children and youths according to Euro-American standards. They were first established by Christian missionaries of various denominations, who often started schools on reservations and founded boarding schools to provide opportunities for children who did not have schools nearby, especially in the lightly populated areas of the West. The government paid religious societies to provide education to Native American children on reservations. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) founded additional boarding schools based on the assimilation model of the Carlisle Indian Industrial School.
Children were usually immersed in European-American culture through appearance changes with haircuts, were forbidden to speak their native languages, and traditional names were replaced by new European-American names. The experience of the schools was often harsh, especially for the younger children who were separated from their families. In numerous ways, they were encouraged or forced to abandon their Native American identities and cultures. The number of Native American children in the boarding schools reached a peak in the 1970s, with an estimated enrollment of 60,000 in 1973. Investigations of the later twentieth century have revealed many documented cases of sexual, physical and mental abuse occurring at such schools.
Since those years, tribal nations have increasingly insisted on community-based schools and have also founded numerous tribal colleges and universities. Community schools have also been supported by the federal government through the BIA and legislation. The largest boarding schools have closed. In some cases, reservations or tribes were too small or poor to support independent schools and they still wanted an alternative for their children, especially for high school. By 2007, the number of Native American children in boarding schools had declined to 9,500. In this same period, more Native Americans are living in urban environments and having to accommodate to majority culture.
History of education of Native Americans.
In the late eighteenth century, reformers starting with Washington and Knox, in efforts to "civilize" or otherwise assimilate Native Americans (as opposed to relegating them to reservations), adopted the practice of educating native children in current American culture, which was at the time largely based on rural agriculture, with some small towns and few large cities. The Civilization Fund Act of 1819 promoted this civilization policy by providing funding to societies (mostly religious) who worked on Native American education, often at schools established in Indian communities.
Non-reservation boarding schools.
In 1634, Fr. Andrew White of the Society of Jesus established a mission in what is now the state of Maryland, and the purpose of the mission, stated through an interpreter to the chief of an Indian tribe there, was "to extend civilization and instruction to his ignorant race, and show them the way to heaven." The mission's annual records report that by 1640, a community had been founded which they named St. Mary's, and the Indians were sending their children there "to be educated among the English." This included the daughter of the Pascatoe Indian chief Tayac, which exemplifies not only a school for Indians, but either a school for girls, or an early co-ed school. The same records report the in 1677, "a school for humanities was opened by our Society in the centre of directed by two of the Fathers; and the native youth, applying themselves assiduously to study, made good progress. Maryland and the recently established school sent two boys to St. Omer who yielded in abilities to few Europeans, when competing for the honour of being first in their class. So that not gold, nor silver, nor the other products of the earth alone, but men also are gathered from thence to bring those regions, which foreigners have unjustly called ferocious, to a higher state of virtue and cultivation."
Harvard College had an Indian College on its campus in the mid-1600s, supported by the English Society for Propagation of the Gospel. Its few Indian students came from New England, at a time when higher education was very limited for all classes and colleges were more similar to today's high schools. In 1665, Caleb Cheeshahteaumuck, "from the Wampanoag...did graduate from Harvard, the first Indian to do so in the colonial period". In early years, other Indian schools were created by local communities, as with the Indian school in Hanover, New Hampshire in 1769, which gradually developed into Dartmouth College. Other schools were created in the East, where Indian reservations were less common than they became in the late nineteenth century in western states.
West of the Mississippi, schools near Indian settlements and on reservations were first founded by religious missionaries, who believed they could extend education and Christianity to Native Americans. Some of their efforts were part of the progressive movement after the Civil War. As Native Americans were forced onto reservations following the Indian Wars, missionaries founded additional schools with boarding facilities, to accommodate students who lived too far to attend on a daily basis.
The Carlisle Indian Industrial School, founded by the US Army officer Richard Henry Pratt in 1879 at a former military installation, became a model for others established by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA). Pratt said in a speech in 1892, "A great general has said that the only good Indian is a dead one. In a sense, I agree with the sentiment, but only in this: that all the Indian there is in the race should be dead. Kill the Indian in him and save the man." Pratt professed "assimilation through total immersion." He conducted a "social experiment" on Apache prisoners of war at a fort in Florida. He cut their long hair, put them in uniforms, forced them to learn English, and subjected them to strict military protocols. He had arranged for the education of some of the young Indian men at the Hampton Institute, a historically black college, after he had supervised them as prisoners at a fort in Florida.
At the prison, he made efforts to have the Indians taught English and United States culture, while giving them leeway to govern themselves. From seeing the progress of both his younger prisoners and the ones who attended Hampton, he came to believe that removing Indians from their native culture could result in their successful assimilation into the majority culture of the United States. As at the Hampton Institute, he included in the Carlisle curriculum vocational training for boys and domestic science for girls, including chores around the school and producing goods for market. They also produced a newspaper, had a well-regarded chorus and orchestra, and developed sports programs. The vocational training reflected the administration's understanding of skills needed at most reservations, which were located in rural areas, and reflected a society still based on agriculture. In the summer, students often lived with local farm families and townspeople to continue their immersion in European-American culture, and provide labor at low cost to the families. Carlisle and its curriculum became the model for the Bureau of Indian Affairs; by 1902 there were 25 federally funded non-reservation schools in 15 states and territories, with a total enrollment of over 6,000 students. Federal legislation required Native American children to be educated. Parents had to authorize their children's attendance at boarding schools, but sometimes officials used coercion to gain a quota of students from any given reservation.
As the model of boarding schools was adopted more widely by the US government, many Native American children were separated from their families and tribes when they were sent or sometimes taken to boarding schools far from their home reservations. These schools ranged from those similar to the federal Carlisle Indian Industrial School, which became a model for BIA-run schools; to the many schools sponsored by religious denominations.
In that period, when students arrived at the boarding schools, their lives usually altered dramatically. They were given short haircuts (a source of shame for boys of many tribes), uniforms, and English names; sometimes these were based on their own, other times they were assigned at random, and sometimes children chose new names. They were not allowed to speak their own languages, even between each other, and they were expected to attend church services and encouraged to convert to Christianity. Discipline was stiff in many schools (as it was in families and other areas of society), and it often included chores and punishments.
The following is a quote from Anna Moore regarding the Phoenix Indian School:
The 1928 Meriam Report noted that infectious disease was often widespread at the schools due to insufficient funding for meals providing good nutrition, overcrowding, poor sanitary conditions (an element shared by many towns in the early 20th century) and students weakened by overwork. The report said that death rates for Native American students were six and a half times higher than for other ethnic groups.
The Meriam Report of 1928.
In 1926, the Department of the Interior (DOI) commissioned the Brookings Institution to conduct a survey of the overall conditions of the American Indians and to assess federal programs and policies. The Meriam Report, officially titled "The Problem of Indian Administration", was submitted February 21, 1928 to the Secretary of the Interior Hubert Work. Related to education of Native American children, it recommended:
Despite the Meriam Report, attendance in Indian boarding schools generally grew throughout the first half of the 20th century and doubled in the 1960s. Enrollment reached its highest point in the 1970s. In 1973, 60,000 American Indian children are estimated to have been enrolled in an Indian boarding school. This figure includes those in 45 on-reservation boarding schools, seven off-reservation boarding schools, and 14 peripheral dormitories. From 1879 to the present day, it is estimated that hundreds of thousands of American Indians as children attended Indian boarding schools.
Today, a few off-reservation boarding schools still operate, but funding for them is in decline. Some American Indians found their experiences and education at such schools to be valuable and have wanted to retain the schools as alternatives to reservation-based education. Many others found their times at boarding schools to be repressive.
Assimilation efforts.
Native American boarding schools in the United States were seen as the means for the government to achieve assimilation of American Indians into mainstream American culture.
Canada.
A similar system in Canada was known as the Canadian Indian residential school system. On June 11, 2008, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper issued a 3,600-word formal apology to First Nation, Métis and Inuit people for the legacy of Indian Residential Schools, which he called a "sad chapter in our history." The Anishinabek Nation Grand Council Chief John Beaucage said, "Our first thoughts today are for our elders, many of them have suffered lifelong physical and emotional pain because of their residential school experiences."
Similarly, the Anglican Church of Canada, which ran many of the boarding schools and was sued for abuses, has issued an official apology in addition to paying court-ordered settlements. It has further adopted a policy of a "living apology" and has been working to support First Nations and other indigenous peoples within their own cultures.
References.
Notes
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20087606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087606" title="David Thomas (Archdeacon of Montgomery)">
David Thomas (Archdeacon of Montgomery)

David Richard Thomas or Archdeacon D H Thomas (1833 – 11 October 1916) was a Welsh clergyman and historian. He was a canon of St Asaph's Cathedral and Archdeacon of Montgomery, as well as being a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London. His major publication was the "History of the Diocese of St Asaph", the first such history of a Welsh diocese.
Life.
Thomas was the son of Owen and Mary Thomas of Llanfechain in Powys and he was baptised on 14 September 1833. He was educated at Ruthin School under Edward Barnwell before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford in 1852. His father died during his time at Oxford and Thomas taught during the university vacations to support himself. He graduated in 1856, but failed to obtain a college fellowship in 1859. After his ordination, he became curate of Rhuddlan in 1857, then curate from 1859 to 1864 of Selattyn in Shropshire (which was at the time part of the Diocese of St Asaph). He was then appointed vicar of Cefn Meiriadog in Denbighshire, a post he held until 1877 when he became vicar of Meifod, Powys. He was appointed a canon of St Asaph in 1881 and archdeacon of Montgomery in 1886. In 1892, he left Meifod to become rector of Llandrinio, Powys, where he remained until his death on 11 October 1916.
Work.
In addition to his clerical duties, Thomas was an active historian and antiquarian. He was a stalwart member of the Cambrian Archaeological Association, who chaired its committee, served as editor of its journal for two periods (1875–1880 and 1884–1888), and wrote more than 25 articles for the journal. His major work, published between 1870 and 1874, was a "History of the Diocese of St Asaph"; it was enlarged and printed in three volumes between 1906 and 1913. It was the first such diocesan history in Wales. He also wrote a "History of the Parish of Llandrinio" (1895), "The Life and Work of Bishop Richard Davies and William Salesbury" (1902), four religious works, and other publications. He was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London.

</doc>
<doc id="20087607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087607" title="Utagawa Toyokuni II">
Utagawa Toyokuni II

Utagawa Toyokuni II (1777–1835), also known as Toyoshige, was a designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints in Edo. He was the pupil, son-in-law and adopted son of Toyokuni I. The former used the name Toyoshige (豊重) until 1826, the year after his teacher’s death, when he began signing his work Toyokuni (豊国). Kunisada, another student of Toyokuni I, did not recognize Toyoshige’s claim and declared himself “Toyokuni” and leader of the school. Toyoshige resumed signing his work “Toyoshige”. 
Toyokuni I, Toyokuni II (Toyoshige), and Toyokuni III (Kunisada) each used the signature Toyokuni (豊国). The signature of Toyokuni II is easiest to distinguish by the chalice-shaped "toyo" (豊) kanji (see figure). 
Toyoshige’s students include Utagawa Kunimatsu, Utagawa Kunishige II, Utagawa Kuniteru III, and Utagawa Kunitsuru I.
Legacy.
Works by Utagawa Toyokuni II are held in the Library of Congress, including the work "The Sumo Wrestler Kagamiiwa of the West Side". 

</doc>
<doc id="20087624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087624" title="Orthodox Christianity in Madagascar">
Orthodox Christianity in Madagascar

Christianity in Madagascar was spreading slowly. First, because of the people being faithful followers of the tribal religions. Even converted followers may show great influence of ancient tribal worship. Also, many settlements are isolated, so that missionaries can't visit them very often and locals may return to their cults.
For many African countries, Orthodoxy was brought there by Greek traders. In 1953 in the capital Antananarivo, Greek colonists built an Orthodox Christian temple. After the 1972 military coup, the church's priest was deported together with other foreigners.
Orthodoxy was first brought for the local population here in 1994 by hieromonk Nectarios (Kellis) who arrived from Australia. After 5 years here, there were more than 12 thousand Orthodox Christians and those preparing to be christened.
In Antananarivo, the capital, the temple of the Assumption of Mary was built, together with eparchial directorate and orphanage for several hundred children.
On 26 of March 1995, during the Cross-Bow Week, in the Assumption Cathedral, Metropolitan Zimbabwean Chrysostom ordained deacon Ioann Rikotondrazafi as a presbyter. He is the first Malagasy priest. He became a deacon in the capital of Zimbabwe, the city of Harare. He studied the ministry for three months before that. 
The other local resident, Jean-Kristos Tsakanias, was sent to study in the seminary in Nairobi, Kenya.
On the island by 1995 were 63 Orthodox parishes, seven schools and 12 priests who were locals. The Orthodox Church was recognized by the government of Madagascar. 
With the blessing of Patriarch Peter VII on 23 of September 1997 the Holy Synod of Alexandria Church elected Father Nectarios the first bishop of Madagascar. Madagascar became the independent eparchia, before that it was part of Zimbabwean metropolia.
The Orthodox mission guides several villages and settlements, some of them are fully converted to Orthodoxy. One of them is the village Ambovandramanesi. It is one of the first villages visited by Father Nectarios. It has one of the strongest Orthodox communities. This is confirmed by a case which happened here. Once there came to the village two American Baptist missionaries. They sermonized for three days. Finally they promised to build a church, a school, and a hospital if everyone were converted. But the elder of the village speaking for all of the locals answered them: "We could demand your departure at the very first day, but we listened to what you wanted to say. Now, when you have finished your sermon, we ask you to leave our village and never come back. We don't need your churches, schools and hospitals as we are Orthodox Christians". The locals were not christened at the time and had not given a promise to build something.
Later a medical ambulatory clinic was built on a plot of land gifted by Greek Consul. Here also the hierarch Nectarios planned to build a temple, a seminary, a woman cloister, and an eye clinic.
Bishop Nectarios also ordained the first Malagasy nun named Christodula.
Orthodoxy is most frequently accepted by poorer people. In the villages and settlements people live in huts made of palm leaves; chapels and temples are usually of the same material. Local priests serve in these temples and chapels straggled in rural areas.
In the missions there is a lot of work, and lack of workers. Orthodox missions are the poorest in terms of the resources, but they try to participate in aid programs.
Father Nectarios died in a helicopter crash together with Patriarch Peter VII and 15 other people on 11 September 2004. They were heading to the Holy Mount Athos on board a Greek Army helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="20087625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087625" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Howard County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Howard County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Howard County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Howard County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 39 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 4 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20087630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087630" title="Orlin Collier">
Orlin Collier

Orlin Collier (February 17, 1907 in East Prairie, Missouri – September 9, 1944 in Memphis, Tennessee) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers. He was married to Ruth Collier. Together they had one daughter, Dorisanna Collier. He died at the age of 37, suffering a fatal heart attack on a train during the return trip from a game.

</doc>
<doc id="20087659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087659" title="Villosa iris">
Villosa iris

Villosa iris, common name the Rainbow mussel, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Reproduction.
All Unionidae are known to use the gills, fins, or skin of a host fish for nutrients during the larval glochidia stage. Female "Villosa iris" attract host fish by imitating a crayfish. Elongate papillae on the mantle margin resemble antennae, legs, and eyes. They also mimic crayfish behavior, moving the papillae independently like legs, and use "tail tucking" motions. 
Distribution.
This species is widely distributed throughout the St. Lawrence, upper Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee, and Cumberland River Basins. 

</doc>
<doc id="20087693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087693" title="Safford, Alabama">
Safford, Alabama

Safford is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama.
Geography.
Safford is located at and has an elevation of .
Notable people.
Benjamin F. Gibson, United States federal judge.

</doc>
<doc id="20087745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087745" title="Ani Phyo">
Ani Phyo

Ani Phyo (born July 17, 1968) is an organic chef, author, whole food and sustainable agriculture advocate. She is an advocate of raw foodism lifestyle promoting uncooked and unprocessed foods that are organic, sustainable, and supports green living.
Personal life.
Ani Phyo was born July 17, 1968, in Nova Scotia, Canada, and raised primarily in upstate New York, outside Buffalo. She is of Korean descent. Her father raised her on mostly vegan fresh whole and raw foods. They had their own organic farm growing up, and grew their own produce for food and juicing.
Her first job after college was working retail management at Macy’s in Herald Square in New York City. Soon afterwards, she moved to London, England for a year and a half, then to Sydney, Australia for 7 months. Upon her return to upstate New York, she studied post-graduate social psychology, computer art, and fine art, which launched her career in multimedia. She produced live multimedia events and convergence TV and internet experiences through the 1990s, and co-founded a multimedia production studio and event company. During this time, she discovered that eating raw foods fueled her mental clarity and focus, and kept her healthy. This was the early beginning of her raw food career.
Phyo currently lives in Los Angeles, California with her Rhodesian Ridgeback, Kanga.
Education.
Phyo attended Ewha and Yonsei Universities and studied international business, graduating in 1987 and 1989, respectively. She then graduated from Cornell University with a dual bachelor's in human ecology design and business management, and a minor in nutritional sciences in 1990. She then did some post-graduate work in social psychology, 3-D modeling and simulation, computer art, fine art and sculpting at SUNY Buffalo, finishing in 1994.
Food.
Phyo has always loved to make food of all sorts. From an early age, she worked with catering companies to refine her culinary skills. Though her background is in complex, gourmet recipes, today, her she teaches simple, fast, easy to make recipes using common ingredients.
SmartMonkey Foods was co-founded by Ani Phyo in 1999 in Los Angeles, CA. SMF started as a catering and events company, hosting gourmet raw food dinners in Hollywood, Santa Monica, and Pasadena, CA. As customer requests increased for packed and prepared foods, the SmartMonkey Foods line of packed dressings, sauces, cheeses, pizza crust, desserts was launched.
The company moved to Portland, OR for 4 years 2003-2006, where SmartMonkey Foods provided catering, packaged prepared foods, classes, retreats, weekly cafes, monthly special events, and their fruit and nut bars called SmartMonkey Bars. Clients included Nike, Adidas, Portland Institute of Contemporary Art, and Carnival Cruise Lines, to name a few.
Phyo sold SmartMonkey Foods, which ceased operations in 2009.
The Web and multimedia.
Ani Phyo moved to San Francisco and founded a multimedia company called SmartMonkey Media, which produced live multimedia events, including the world’s first online fashion show, "Fiber," in 1994. Netcast over copper lines before ISDN or T1 lines were available to the U.C. Berkeley multicast backbone (known as MBone), this show was attended by a global audience via the internet, and has changed our marketing landscape.
As an early pioneer of the web, Phyo was a part of San Francisco digital lab, Cyberlab 7, and founder of Dimension 7, where she handled CG work on "Virtuosity", the early cyber film starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe and produced by Paramount Pictures. A partial client list includes Warner Bros. (Porno For Pyros tour, Perry Farrell), Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, Microsoft, Pacific Bell, and Ninja Tunes UK.
Phyo’s produced numerous websites, including a 14,000 page rich-media educational site for Simon and Schuster in 1996. One ground breaking project sent video jockeys across the Mediterranean on bicycles with laptops and video cameras. The VJs would post their journals online, shoot video and overnight it to Ani, who would edit them and put them onto the website. The VJs would chat online from a different classroom weekly during their journey, and this occurred more than 10 years prior to YouTube and Facebook.
Her book "Return on Design" was an early educational book on user-centered interaction design for the Web and wireless technologies which came out of the design and media classes she taught at U.C. Berkeley, San Francisco State University, and San Jose State University. Phyo owned a web design studio that sold in 1999.
Phyo has been a consultant for the Disney Channel (convergence TV and web), ABC Family, Gymboree, Electronic Arts, and Apple Inc., among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20087762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087762" title="Catherine Blake">
Catherine Blake

Catherine Blake (née Boucher; 25 April 1762 – 18 October 1831) was the wife of the poet, painter and engraver William Blake (1757–1827), and a vital presence and assistant throughout his life as an artist.
Life.
Catherine was born the daughter of a market gardener in Battersea, then just outside London on the other side of the River Thames. She met William here in 1781, during his brief visit to the area, while he was recovering from an emotional upset following the failure of an earlier relationship. Their courtship was brief. According to early biographers of Blake, Catherine immediately recognised him as her future husband and when she sympathised with him over his earlier emotional troubles he replied "do you pity me? Then I love you." 
Blake married Catherine – who was five years his junior – on 18 August 1782 in St. Mary's Church, Battersea. Illiterate, Catherine signed her wedding contract with an 'X'. They remained together until his death in 1827. Blake taught her to read and write, and also to use his printing-press. 
The couple had no children, and it has been suggested that Blake wanted to bring a concubine into the relationship to act as a surrogate mother, which was consistent with the theories of Swedenborgianism by which Blake was influenced. Blake's earliest biographer Alexander Gilchrist does not mention this, but speaks of unspecified troubles in the early years of the relationship. However, Algernon Charles Swinburne later explicitly asserted that this was the case, but that Blake dropped the idea when he saw that it upset Catherine. No documentary evidence survives supporting this notion, but Blake is known to have stated that he "learned from the Bible that wives should be held in common."
Writers who knew the couple in their later years describe a very happy relationship. In 1802, William Hayley wrote that William "and his excellent wife (a true helpmate!) pass the plates thro' a rolling press in their own cottage together". On his deathbed, Blake drew a picture of Catherine as his last work, stating "you have ever been an angel to me". 
After her husband's death Catherine was taken in by Blake's admirer Frederick Tatham, for whom she nominally worked as a housekeeper. At this period she continued to sell Blake's works. When she died four years later Tatham claimed that she had bequeathed all Blake's works to him. When he later converted to Irvingite beliefs, he destroyed a number of them, asserting that they were inspired by the devil.
Role in Blake's art.
Throughout her husband's uneven career, Catherine not only took an active role in the production of William's engravings and illuminated books; she also ran the household finances and offered strong practical support. William's friend J.T. Smith said that Blake "allowed her, to the last moment of his practice, to take off his proof impressions and print his works, which she did most carefully." Catherine's role in colouring at least some of William's illuminated books has been widely acknowledged, although her hand is usually attributed to some of the more clumsily rendered passages. Her work as a printer is held in higher regard.
Role in literature.
It has often been suggested that the figure of Enitharmon in Blake's mythology is partly inspired by Catherine. Enitharmon is the wife of the "eternal prophet" Los in Blake's writings. Catherine is explicitly identified as the poet's "shadow of delight" in the second part of Blake's "Milton a Poem".
Catherine appears as a model wife in William Hayley's writings on ideal marriages. In more recent literature, she is the central character in Janet Adele Warner's novel "Other Sorrows, Other Joys: The Marriage of Catherine Sophia Boucher and William Blake" (2001) and also features in Tracy Chevalier's novel "Burning Bright" (2007). She is an amateur detective in short stories by Keith Heller.
Jack Shepherd's stage play "In Lambeth" dramatised a visit by Thomas Paine to the Lambeth home of William and Catherine Blake in 1789. It was first performed at the East Dulwich Tavern in July 1989. The play was later adapted for television in the BBC Two "Encounters" series (which featured similar fictionalised meetings between historical figures) and was first broadcast on 4 July 1993. It was directed by Sebastian Graham-Jones, and featured Mark Rylance as William, Bob Peck as Paine and Lesley Clare O'Neill as Catherine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20087767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087767" title="Do G's Get To Go To Heaven?">
Do G's Get To Go To Heaven?

"Do G's Get to Go to Heaven" is the second single from Richie Rich's third studio album "Seasoned Veteran". The single was released January 14, 1997 on Def Jam Recordings and features backing vocals by Bo-Roc and Ephriam Galloway. It peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Rap Songs, at number 57 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and at number 73 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The song is dedicated to the memory of Tupac Shakur.
Along with the single, a music video was produced to promote the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20087783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087783" title="Blue Train Races">
Blue Train Races

The Blue Train Races were a series of record-breaking attempts between automobiles and trains in the late 1920s and early 1930s. It saw a number of motorists and their own or sponsored automobiles race against the "Le Train Bleu", a train that ran between Calais and the French Riviera. The rationale to beat the train was to compare the contemporary automotive performance with locomotive dominance; to showcase recent progress achieved by cars regarding reliability, durability, speed and comfort; to promote the cars, their marques and the adventurous persona of the drivers; and to establish automobiles as a viable and aspirational mode of transport for the individual traveller.
The Blue Train.
"Le Train Bleu" (lit. "the blue train"), officially the Calais-Méditerranée Express, was a luxury French night express train which carried wealthy and famous passengers between Calais and the French Riviera from 1922 until 1938. It was colloquially referred to as "le train bleu" in French and the Blue Train in English because of its dark blue sleeping cars, and became formally known as "Le Train Bleu" after World War II.
It was created by a private French railroad company, the Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée, or PLM, to take British aristocrats, celebrities and the wealthy to the French Riviera. It made its first journey on December 8, 1922.
The prime season for "le train bleu" was between November and April, when wealthy travellers escaped the British winter to spend their holiday on the French Riviera. It originated at the Gare Maritime in Calais, where it picked up British passengers from the ferries across the English Channel. It departed at 1:00 in the afternoon and went to the Gare du Nord in Paris, then around Paris by the Grande Ceinture line to the Gare de Lyon, where it picked up additional passengers and coaches. It departed Paris early in the evening, and made stops at Dijon, Chalon, and Lyon, before reaching Marseille early in the morning. It then made stops at all the major resort towns of the French Riviera, or Côte d'Azur: St. Raphael, Juan-les-Pins, Antibes, Cannes, Nice, Monaco, and its final destination, Menton, near the Italian border.
Rover Light Six.
In January 1930, the Rover name was publicised by a race between a Rover and "Le train bleu" on the train's run between Calais and Cannes. The idea of racing the Blue Train was popular with motor enthusiasts, and each new attempt was received with varying expectations of success. Many had already failed this challenge. Former motorcycle tester and pioneer publicist Dudley Noble had the idea to promote the new Rover Light Six by racing it against the Blue Train across France from St. Raphael to Calais on the Côte d'Azur. Noble knew that the average speed of the Blue Train, once all its stops and detours were taken into account, was no more than about . To beat the train, Noble had to drive more or less non-stop from St. Raphael to Calais. The Rover Light Six averaged on its journey to beat the train's expected time of just over 20 hours, which gave the Rover team a 20 minute lead over the train. The Blue Train had been beaten for the first time and the Rover team became celebrities through the Daily Express.
Alvis Silver Eagle.
In early March 1930, E.J.P. Eugster raced an Alvis Silver Eagle against the Blue Train and beat it to Calais by three hours. Eugster and his co-driver faced rain before Lyon, a problem getting petrol at 00:40h in Lyon, level crossings between Lyon and Versailles, "bad roads" being used as a detour around Paris, and a twenty minute stop at another level crossing before reaching Calais at 12:15h.
Bentley Speed Six.
In March 1930, at a dinner at the Carlton Hotel in Cannes, talk around the table had swung round to the topic of motor cars; in particular to the advertisement by Rover claiming that its Light Six had gone faster than the famous "Le train bleu" express. Woolf Barnato, chairman of Bentley and winner of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1928 and 1929, contended that just to go faster than the Blue Train was of no special merit. He raised the stakes by arguing that at the wheel of his Bentley Speed Six, he could be at his club in London before the train reached Calais and bet £100 on that challenge.
The next day, 13 March 1930, as the Blue Train steamed out of Cannes station at 17:45h, Barnato and his relief driver, amateur golfer Dale Bourn, finished their drinks and drove the Bentley away from the bar at the Carlton. From Lyon onwards they had to battle against heavy rain. At 4:20h, in Auxerre, they lost time searching for a refueling rendezvous. Through central France they hit fog, then shortly after Paris they had a burst tyre, requiring the use of their only spare. They reached the dock at Boulogne at 10:30h, sailed to England on the cross-Channel packet, and were parking outside The Conservative Club in St. James's Street, London, at 15:20h, four minutes before the Blue Train reached Calais, thus winning the bet. The French authorities promptly fined him a sum far greater than his winnings for racing on public roads, and Bentley was excluded from the 1930 Paris Salon for advertising an unauthorized race.
The "Blue Train Bentley" controversy.
Barnato drove a H. J. Mulliner-bodied Bentley Speed Six formal saloon during the race, which became known as the "Blue Train Bentley". Two months later, on 21 May 1930, he took delivery of a new Bentley Speed Six streamlined fastback "Sportsman Coupe" by Gurney Nutting. Barnato named it the "Blue Train Special" in memory of his race, and it too became commonly referred to as the "Blue Train Bentley". The H. J. Mulliner-bodywork was stripped off the original car's chassis to make place for a bespoke replacement, as was common practice for automobiles at that time.
As time passed, the Gurney Nutting-bodied car was regularly mistaken for or errouneously referred to as being the car that had raced the Blue Train. This was reiterated in articles and in Terence Cuneo's painting of the race, which shows the Gurney Nutting coupé just ahead of the train. In 2005 Bentley featured the coupé in the company's promotional material celebrating the race's 75th anniversary.
Careful reading of Barnato's account of the race, published in the 1946 British Racing Drivers' Club review, show that Barnato referred to "my Speed Six saloon," keeping petrol cans in the boot, and having only one spare tyre, while the Sportsman Coupė had no boot and two spare tyres, one on either side of the bonnet. Research efforts by Bruce and Jolene McCaw of Medina, Washington, who bought the Gurney Nutting-built "Blue Train Special," have further exposed and widely publicised the mistake. The original H. J. Mulliner "Blue Train Bentley" bodywork was also reconstructed, and both cars have been fully restored. They are both currently owned by the McCaws.
Top Gear Race 'Car vs. Train'.
The Top Gear television series presented by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May regularly features various long-distance, "epic", races where Clarkson or one of the other presenters drives a car against other forms of transport.
During Spring 2004 (in a programme aired 9 May 2004), Clarkson drove an Aston Martin DB9 from the Dunsfold studio in Surrey to Monte Carlo against Hammond and May who took the TGV and Eurostar trains. Hammond and May walked two miles to a bus stop, took a bus to Guildford railway station, train to London Waterloo, then the Eurostar to Gare du Nord, the RER to Gare de Lyon, the TGV to Nice and another train to Monte Carlo.
Clarkson's DB9 was shown beating Hammond and May's train journey by several minutes, although James later revealed in a radio interview that Clarkson had actually beaten them by almost an hour.

</doc>
<doc id="20087785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087785" title="1971 Intertoto Cup">
1971 Intertoto Cup

In the 1971 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
Teams from seven countries (West Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Austria, and Denmark) participated: four teams from each country. Denmark was the only country that failed to win a group, while West German clubs won two.

</doc>
<doc id="20087843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087843" title="Fire skink">
Fire skink

The fire skink ("Lepidothyris fernandi"), also known as the true fire skink or Togo fire skink, is a fairly large skink, a type of lizard. They are a beautiful species known for their bright and vivid coloration. Native to tropical forests in Western Africa, they live fifteen to twenty years. This species is a diurnal lizard that love to burrow and hide. They are relatively shy and reclusive, but may grow to become tame in captivity.
Taxonomy.
Historically, the fire skink has been placed in several different genera and was until recently placed in "Riopa" together with several skinks from southeast Asia. While these are superficially similar to the African fire skink, they are closer to some other Asian skinks, resulting in their move to "Lygosoma". The fire skink is not closely related to other skinks and belongs in its own genus, "Lepidothyris". However, a review of the taxonomy of the fire skink did reveal that it, as traditionally defined, actually consists of three separate species. This essentially limits true "L. fernandi" to tropical Western Africa, while population in Central and East Africa are "L. hinkeli" and "L. striatus".
Appearance.
The fire skink is a fairly large species of skink, reaching up to in total length. The most unique aspect of the fire skink is its beautiful colors. Smooth, gold scales adorn the Fire Skinks back while red and black bars line its sides with a silver background. The males are, in general, larger and more colorful than females. They reach ten to fourteen inches on average and have sharp claws.
Reproduction.
Fire skinks, unlike many other skinks, are an oviparous species. Meaning, that they lay eggs. A female will generally lay a clutch of five to nine. Fire skink eggs take forty to fifty days to hatch when incubated at a temperature of .
Feeding.
This animal is a carnivore. They are very protective of their food. In the wild, the skinks feed on crickets, ants, moths and other small arthropods.
Although they should be fed Fruits, and vegetables, they usually will not eat anything that is not moving or live.
Captive environment.
Fire skink specimens kept in captivity should live in a vivarium or enclosure with a minimum size of or larger (this is suitable to house a single skink or a couple). Horizontal space should dominate over vertical space, considering these lizards are mostly terrestrial and rarely climb; a secure lid should still be used to prevent escapes. A wide variety of substrates may be used, but plantation soil seems closest to their natural environment, it also facilitates digging and burrowing; at least of substrate should be provided for burrowing. Enclosure daytime temperatures should be between with basking areas ranging from to as high as ; night temperature should be no lower than . Since this animal is diurnal, UVB/UVA radiation is required. Humidity should be provided by means of daily misting the substrate and through a water dish large enough for the skinks to bathe; water should be kept fresh and free of particulate matter. A fire skink’s diet is mostly insectivorous, although some specimen enjoy fruits and vegetables, the main food provided should be a variety of crickets or worms (meal worms, silk worms, horned/goliath worms, butter worms, wax worms, etc.), mature skinks can and will often eat small sized mice (commonly known as pinkies, fuzzies, hoppers). Captive specimens have been known to become quite tame when handled regularly; gloves are recommended when first handling as they deliver a nasty bite and have sharp razor-like teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20087855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087855" title="2005–06 Libyan Premier League">
2005–06 Libyan Premier League

The Libyan Premier League 2005–06 was the 38th edition of the Libyan Premier League, the top flight of Libyan football organised by the Libyan Football Federation.
The Competition.
There were 18 clubs in the league for this season, split into two groups of nine. The nine teams in each group played each other home and away, resulting in 16 games being played in each group. The top three teams from each group progressed to the next stage, the 'Championship Play-Off'. The champions, Al Ittihad, won their twelfth league title, and gained qualification to the CAF Champions League for the next season.
Championship Stage.
In this stage, the six clubs (3 from each group) that qualified played each other home & away. The team with the most points after the 10 games would be crowned champions. The two teams that finished first in their group, Al Olympic and Al Ahly Tripoli, received three bonus points to take through to this stage, while the two teams that finished second, Al Akhdar and Al Ittihad, received one bonus point.
Final table.
1 Al Ahly Tripoli qualify for CAF Confederation Cup as cup winners
Relegation Play-Off.
The 10 teams that finished 4th-8th in their respective groups: Rafik Sorman, Al Charara, Al Hilal, Al Madina, Al Mustaqbal, Al Urouba, Al Majd, Al Shat, Al Wahda and Al Swihli, along with the two teams that finished second in their respective groups in the Second Division this season, Al Harati and Al Soukour, altogether 12 teams, were split into two groups of 6 teams. The 6 teams in each group would play each other home & away, and the top three teams would play in the Libyan Premier League the next season. Premier League teams that finished fourth in their respective groups (Rafik Sorman and Al Urouba) received three bonus points, while teams that finished fifth in their respective groups (Al Majd and Al Charara) received one bonus point each.

</doc>
<doc id="20087870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087870" title="Tropical Storm Odile (2008)">
Tropical Storm Odile (2008)

Tropical Storm Odile was a late season tropical storm that formed during the 2008 Pacific hurricane season and affected parts of southern Mexico. A tropical depression formed on October 8, and became Tropical Storm Odile 18 hours later. The storm paralleled the south coast of Mexico, with the center located only several miles offshore. After peaking in intensity, increasing southeasterly vertical wind shear induced a trend of rapid weakening on the storm. Correspondingly, Odile was downgraded to a tropical depression early on 12 October, subsequently degenerating into a remnant low about 55 mi (85 km) south of Manzanillo, Colima. From thereon, the low proceeded slowly south-southwestward before dissipating on October 13. Since Odile stayed at sea, its effects along coastlines were limited. The most notable damages were caused by flooding along the southern coast of Mexico, mostly in Chiapas, Oaxaca, Guerrero and Michoacán. The exact amount of damage, however, remains unknown, and no fatalities were reported as a result of the storm.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave emerged off the west coast of Africa on September 23, and merged with the southern end of a decaying frontal system over the Caribbean Sea. The combined disturbance gradually split, with the northernmost section eventually becoming Tropical Storm Marco. The southernmost end moved into the eastern Pacific, which then immediately showed signs of organization. The system stalled just south of El Salvador throughout October 5, where it came under the influence of strong vertical wind shear. The circulation slowly drifted east-northeastward and became absorbed by a neighboring tropical wave, with the broad resultant low re-curving to the west-northwest. In response to relaxing shear aloft, convection redeveloped around the newly formed center of circulation. It subsequently acquired a sufficiently organized structure and post-analysis found that a tropical depression formed at around 1200 UTC on October 8. Upon developing, the depression was designated as "Sixteen-E" about 120 mi (195 km) south-southwest of San Salvador, El Salvador, and operationally, advisories were initiated at 2100 UTC — 9 hours after post-analytic estimates of formation.
Despite being in an area with favorable conditions, lack of inner core organization proved difficult for rapid deepening to occur, and initially, model guidance did not forecast any significant strengthening. Contrary to expectations, satellite imagery showed a gradual increase in organization later that evening. Bands of convection deepened in the southern quadrant, indicating that the storm was steadily strengthening. Located just to the south of a large mid-level ridge over Mexico, the system was steered toward the west-northwest, proceeding within a favorable environment. Based on the improved appearance on satellite imagery, it is estimated the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Odile at 0600 UTC on October 9 about 330 mi (530 km) southeast of Puerto Ángel, Mexico. Shortly after attaining tropical storm status, Odile began to develop a small area of central dense overcast, and upper-level cirrus outflow became well-defined within the western semicircle of the storm. Convective banding organized to the south and southwest of the circulation, leading Dvorak T-numbers to estimate an intensity of at least . Based on this estimate, the NHC noted a high chance of further intensification into a minimal hurricane. Odile maintained its intensity, as upper-level outflow of the circulation was reduced to the northeast. Although wind shear initially dislocated the circulation from the main convection, a large burst of convection allowed Odile to intensify slightly further to peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) at around 0600 UTC on October 10.
Odile closely paralleled the Mexican coastline. The intensification did not last long, in fact, the convection associated with Odile diminished in the afternoon and its rainbands became rather distorted. Another cluster of convection sprung up that evening, this time with cloud tops colder than . The circulation center was well embedded within the convection. As a consequence of the slightly improved organization, Odile had a stronger interaction with the easterlies aloft, therefore increasing forward movement speed. Later that day, an reconnaissance aircraft passed through Odile and observed a rather weak and disorganized tropical cyclone, resulting in meteorologists at the NHC to change its forecasts. Early on October 12, Odile made its closest approach to coastline of Mexico, only about 50 mi (80 km) offshore of Guerrero, Mexico. Increasing southeasterly vertical wind shear took toll on the system. Furthermore, around 0600 UTC, NHC confirmed that Odile weakened into a tropical depression. The last advisory regarding Odile was issued later that day stating that it has subsequently degenerated into a remnant low-pressure area, a swirl of low-level clouds. The remnants of Odile meandered slowly south-southwestward before completely dissipating on October 13.
Preparations and impact.
Throughout Odile's existence, the National Weather Service of Mexico declared several tropical storm watches and warnings for the Pacific coast of Mexico spanning from Jalisco to Oaxaca. They were extended and discontinued as Odile progressed westward. On October 11 at around 2 AM PDT, a hurricane watch was declared for the Pacific coast of Mexico from Tecpán de Galeana to Punta San Telmo. Six hours later, the hurricane watch was adjusted and in effect for the coast from Zihuatanejo to Manzanillo. They were all discontinued later that day as the chance of Odile becoming a hurricane diminished.
On October 8, blue alerts were declared for 118 municipalities in Chiapas following the minimal threat of tropical storm-force impact. The civil defense system in the state of Chiapas warned that the storm could leave up to of rainfall. Shippings were closed in the Port of Chiapas, leaving over 3,000 boats stranded ashore on October 9. Flooding in Acapulco forced officials to close schools on October 10. Meanwhile, the state government reported that 232 police were ready to provide assistance to citizens in advance of Odile. Civil defense officials in the state of Guerrero ordered about 10,000 people to evacuate their homes. On October 11, a yellow alert were declared for the state of Michoacán, where the civil defense committee also announced that the shelters were opened for schools in the municipality of Lázaro Cárdenas and the towns of Playa Azul and Guacamayas. Ports in Lázaro Cárdenas were also closed later that day.
On October 10, about of rainfall were accumulated in the city of Acapulco. The torrential rainfall caused flooding which damaged more than 100 houses, with two of them completely destroyed. Excess floodwater collapsed walls and covered roads with mud that reached as much as . Nearly 150 homes were inundated with of water. The flooding is also responsible for causing strong current that had swept away parked vehicles, downing of at least 16 trees and carrying debris to the main streets of the port. Odile also managed to cause damage toward the plumbing and sewage supplies of Acapulco, resulting no clean water access in about fifty communities of the suburban areas of Acapulco for several days. The water levels of Papagayo River reached its maximum capacity, damaging electrical supplies. In Michoacán, strong winds resulted 30 downed trees and the collapse of 5 power poles, leaving 10 minutes without electricity for a large part of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20087878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087878" title="Marc-Alain Ouaknin">
Marc-Alain Ouaknin

Marc-Alain Ouaknin (born March 5, 1957, in Paris), both a rabbi and a philosopher, he is the son of Rabbi Jacques Ouaknin (b. 1932, Marrakesh, Morocco) and Eliane Erlich Ouaknin (b. 1932, Lille; d. 2007, Marseille.) His father is the Grand Rabbi of the French cities of Reims, Lille, Metz and Marseille., Ouaknin dedicated his best-known work, "The Burnt Book", to "my father, my master, Grand Rabbi Jacques Ouaknin."
Biography.
Ouaknin holds a doctorate in philosophy and is the Director of the Centre De Recherches Et D’études Juives in Paris. He is also a professor of comparative literature at Bar-Ilan University in Israel. A major focus of his work since the 1980s has been to comment upon and extend the philosophy of Emmanuel Lévinas by comparing Levinas's writings to other Jewish texts—in particular to those of Hasidism and the Kabbalah. His work is in the continental philosophical tradition and emphasizes concepts current in French intellectual life. Unlike traditional rabbinic discourse, Ouaknin regularly cites thinkers outside the Jewish tradition, such as the psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan and the phenomenologist Maurice Merleau-Ponty.
Literary works.
Ouaknin's books and articles have been translated into more than twenty languages. His best-known book in the English-speaking world is: "The Burnt Book (Le livre brûlé").

</doc>
<doc id="20087896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087896" title="Battle-Friedman House">
Battle-Friedman House

The Battle Friedman House (also known as Battle House or Friedman Home) is an antebellum town home located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. The house was built in 1835 by Alfred Battle and his wife, Millicent Battle. The house's grounds include the only remaining documented antebellum garden in the state, the house itself is noted for its vernacular use of monumental boxed columns. The Battle family lived in the house until 1875, when the home was purchased by Bernard Friedman. The Friedman family continued to reside in the house until Victor Hugo Friedman died in 1965, leaving the house to the city of Tuscaloosa. The Tuscaloosa County Preservation Society currently maintains the house as a historic house museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20087981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087981" title="John Taff">
John Taff

John Gallatin Taff (June 3, 1890 – May 15, 1961), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted and threw right-handed. Taff had a 0-1 record, with a 6.62 ERA, in seven games, in his one year career. He was born in Austin, Texas and died in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20087990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20087990" title="1996–97 Ukrainian Cup">
1996–97 Ukrainian Cup

The Ukrainian Cup 1996–97 is the 6th annual edition of Ukraine's football knockout competition, known as the Ukrainian Cup.
The Cup started with the round of 32, but it also had couple of preliminaries.
Competition schedule.
Final.
The final was held at the NSC Olimpiysky on May 25, 1997 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="20088008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088008" title="Alasmidonta viridis">
Alasmidonta viridis

Alasmidonta viridis, common name the Slippershell mussel, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20088043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088043" title="Northend, Warwickshire">
Northend, Warwickshire

Northend (also known as "Nurdin" to locals) is a village in south-east Warwickshire, England, located roughly half-way between the town of Banbury and the conurbation of Leamington Spa and Warwick. Situated at the foot of the Burton Dassett Hills, which contains Burton Dassett Country Park, it is less than a mile east of the M40 motorway. There was once a primary school in the village but this was controversially closed by the LEA due to a claimed lack of pupils and it has now been converted into a house. There were two churches in the village, a Church of England building, known as the Chapel of Ease and Northend Methodist Chapel which has now been converted into a house.

</doc>
<doc id="20088076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088076" title="Sinful (disambiguation)">
Sinful (disambiguation)

To be sinful is to have committed an act that violates a known moral rule.
Sinful may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20088080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088080" title="Bill Upton">
Bill Upton

William Ray "Bill" Upton (June 18, 1929 – January 2, 1987) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who made two relief appearances in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Upton had no decision in either of his appearances, with a 1.80 ERA, allowing one earned run in five innings pitched. 
He was born in Esther, Missouri and died in San Diego, California. His brother Tom played in the big leagues from 1950 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20088101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088101" title="Major League Baseball logo">
Major League Baseball logo

The Major League Baseball logo was designed by Jerry Dior in 1968 and was included on all on-field uniforms of Major League Baseball employees beginning in the 1969 season. 
Creation.
According to Dior, the logo was created in a single afternoon. Contrary to popular belief, the silhouette is not modeled on any specific player but was drawn with reference to photographs of several players. The silhouette was chosen specifically because of its ambiguity: the batter could be right- or left-handed and of any ethnic background. 
Controversy.
For many years, the authorship of the logo was a matter of some dispute as two graphic designers laid claim to creating the piece: Jerry Dior (working for the marketing firm of Sandgren & Murtha ) and James Sherman, who is probably better known publicly as a comic book illustrator. In November 2008, ESPN writer Paul Lukas managed to clear the matter up and Dior's authorship is no longer in doubt. Upon closely examining the logo, Sherman declared:
"That's not my logo, and I was totally unaware that it existed... The logo I created was very similar, but I designed it in the early 1980s. All I can say is that I was so sports-unaware that I didn't know about the earlier logo. I feel like a total idiot now that I didn't know about it. I'm flabbergasted."
Popularity and influence.
The logo has not been changed in the years since its adoption, except that individual teams sometimes alter the coloring to match their uniform colors. Since its adoption, the basic model of an athlete or equipment used for the sport in silhouette flanked by red and blue has also been incorporated in the logos of the National Basketball Association (with Jerry West as its player model), Women's National Basketball Association, Arena Football League, American Hockey League, National Lacrosse League, Indy Racing League, and Major League Gaming. It has also been parodied in Major League Eating.
Alan Siegel, who oversaw Dior's logo, deliberately based his NBA logo design off the MLB's in 1969 because NBA Commissioner J. Walter Kennedy wanted a family relationship between the sports seen as being All-American.

</doc>
<doc id="20088105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088105" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 14 (Israeli series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 14 (Israeli series)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 14" was released in 2008. The album is the 14th edition of the Israeli "Now!" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20088121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088121" title="Spaceman (The Killers song)">
Spaceman (The Killers song)

"Spaceman" is a song by rock band The Killers. The song was released as the second single from the band's third studio album "Day & Age" on November 4, 2008, as a digital download on iTunes, and as 7" and promo CD in the US, Canada and UK. It has been released to radio in Australia and has gone into regular rotation on Triple J. This song was number 17 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. The song has been used regularly as the opening song during the band's tour.
The group began performing the song at shows during their Summer 2008 tour and played it as part of a two-song set on the October 4, 2008 episode of "Saturday Night Live". They also performed the song on November 4, 2008 on BBC2's "Later... with Jools Holland".
The song was released as a downloadable track for the music video game series "Rock Band" on November 25, 2008.
The song was featured in the "Fringe" episode "The No-Brainer", as well as on the trailer of the animated film "Planet 51" starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.
In the Los Angeles market this song is a big radio hit with radio airplay longevity into 2010. On KYSR 98.7 FM, it is still their #1 most played song in June 2010, while KROQ 106.7 FM added the song back into regular rotation in May 2010 due to its regional popularity.
Music video.
The music video was directed by American director Ray Tintori, and shows Brandon Flowers walking around a party in progress, happening on a unique tiered structure adorned with long white vertical lights. Many humanoid creatures (all dressed up in very colourful, carnival-like costumes) are dancing, occasionally as a group, but usually individually. The other three band members can also be seen at the party throughout the video. As more of the structure is revealed, it can be seen that it is in the middle of a wide open space, surrounded by the camera crew filming the video.
Tracklist.
Promo CD
UK 7" Picture Disc
Limited Edition 12" Picture Disc
German CD/German iTunes EP
Promo Remix CD
Promo Remix CD 2
Chart performance.
"Spaceman" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 67 on November 22, 2008. The song fell off the chart the following week.
On Sunday 16 February 2009, "Spaceman" finally broke into the UK Top 40 at number 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20088122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088122" title="2009 FIA GT Championship season">
2009 FIA GT Championship season

The 2009 FIA GT Championship season was the thirteenth season of the FIA GT Championship for grand tourer cars competing in the GT1 and GT2 categories. The season began 3 May, and ended 25 October after eight races. This was also the final season of a combined GT1 and GT2 championship before the launch of the FIA GT1 World Championship in 2010.
Vitaphone Racing Team Maserati drivers Michael Bartels and Andrea Bertolini successfully defended their GT1 Championships, pulling clear of the rivals in the final two events of the season after a close battle with the Pekaracing Chevrolet team of Anthony Kumpen and Mike Hezemans. Bartels and Bertolini won races at Adria International Raceway and Hungaroring in the way to the title, a third championship each for the pair. With the assistance of Miguel Ramos and Alex Müller in the team's second Maserati MC12 GT1, Vitaphone Racing Team also secured the Teams Championship.
In the lower specification GT2 category, former Porsche Supercup champion Richard Westbrook won the GT2 championship, driving a Prospeed Competition Porsche. Westbrook won the title by just two points over AF Corse Ferrari pairing of Gianmaria Bruni and Toni Vilander. Controversially Westbrook was split from his season long partner Emmanuel Collard at the final round, swapping cars with Brixia Racing driver Marco Holzer in a successful attempt to maximise Porsche's chances of defeating the Ferrari pairing. AF Corse, with the help of the team's second car of Álvaro Barba and Niki Cadei, did defeat Prospeed in the teams championship. CRS Racing driver Chris Niarchos was awarded the Citation Cup for amateur drivers.
Schedule.
The 2009 schedule was initially announced by the FIA on 5 November 2008, with seven events consisting of two-hour races, the Bucharest City Challenge of two separate one-hour races, and the Spa 24 Hours. Adria's event was once again scheduled to take place at night. However at a further meeting of the FIA on 17 March 2009 the calendar was set at eight rounds, with the cancellation of the Potrero de los Funes event and the inclusion of Circuit Paul Ricard. This decreased the number of two-hour races from seven to six.
On 16 June the Bucharest Ring, Romania cancelled their planned FIA GT event. The series therefore replaced the fifth round with an event at the Hungaroring in Hungary which would return to the normal two-hour race format.
Championships.
Points were awarded to the top eight finishers in the order of 10–8–6–5–4–3–2–1. Cars which failed to complete 75% of the winner's distance were not awarded points. Drivers who did not drive for at least 35 minutes do not receive points.
Driver championships.
GT1 standings.
Note that the results of Round 8, Zolder, remain provisional following an appeal.
Citation Cup.
New for 2009, the Citation Cup involved amateur drivers in the GT2 category rather than the GT1 category used since 2007. Drivers rated as bronze by the GT Bureau driver classification system were allowed to enter the Citation Cup if they competed in a car which was homologated before 2009. Points in the Citation Cup were awarded at every FIA GT round except for the Spa 24 Hours.
Team championships.
GT1 standings.
The Nissan Motorsports entry was not allowed to score championship points due to being run as a factory team. Note that the results of Round 8, Zolder, remain provisional following an appeal.
Manufacturers Cups.
Results of the GT2 Manufacturers’ Cup were as follows.
Although a GT1 Manufacturers’ Cup was listed in the Sporting Regulations for the 2009 FIA GT Championship, no points table for this award was published. An award was given only for the manufacturers in the GT2 category.

</doc>
<doc id="20088124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088124" title="Shimo-Yamaguchi Station">
Shimo-Yamaguchi Station

Lines.
Shimo-Yamaguchi Station is served by the 4.2 km Seibu Sayama Line from to , and is located 1.8 km from the starting point of the Sayama Line at Nishi-Tokorozawa. Some through services operate to and from via the Seibu Ikebukuro Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of a ground-level island platform serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 1 May 1929. It closed on 10 October 1954, but reopened on 4 June 1976.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Shimo-Yamaguchi Station becoming "SI40".
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 8,632 passengers daily.
The passenger figures for the station in previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="20088130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088130" title="Vickrey–Clarke–Groves auction">
Vickrey–Clarke–Groves auction

In auction theory, a Vickrey–Clarke–Groves (VCG) auction of multiple goods is a sealed-bid auction wherein bidders report their valuations for the items. The auction system assigns the items in a socially optimal manner. This system charges each individual the harm they cause to other bidders, and ensures that the optimal strategy for a bidder is to bid the true valuations of the objects. It is a generalization of a Vickrey auction for multiple items.
The auction is named after William Vickrey, Edward H. Clarke, and Theodore Groves for their papers that successively generalized the idea.
Formal description.
For any set of auctioned items formula_1 and a set of bidders formula_2, let formula_3 be the social value of the VCG auction for a given bid-combination. A bidder formula_4 who wins an item formula_5 pays formula_6, which is the social cost of his winning that is incurred by the rest of the agents 
Indeed, the set of bidders other than formula_4 is formula_8. When item formula_5 is available, they could attain welfare formula_10 The winning of the item by formula_4 reduces the set of available items to formula_12, however, so that the attainable welfare is now formula_13. The difference between the two levels of welfare is the payment for formula_5 paid by the winning bidder formula_4.
The winning bidder who has value formula_16 for the item formula_5 derives therefore utility formula_18
Examples.
Example #1.
See the example with apples in the Generalization section of Vickrey Auction.
Example #2.
Assume that there are two bidders, formula_19 and formula_20, two items, formula_21 and formula_22, and each bidder is allowed to obtain one item. We let formula_23 be bidder formula_4's valuation for item formula_5. Assume formula_26, formula_27, formula_28, and formula_29. We see that both formula_19 and formula_20 would prefer to receive item formula_21; however, the socially optimal assignment gives item formula_21 to bidder formula_19 (so his achieved value is formula_35) and item formula_22 to bidder formula_20 (so his achieved value is formula_38). Hence, the total achieved value is formula_39, which is optimal.
If person formula_20 were not in the auction, person formula_19 would still be assigned to formula_21, and hence person formula_19 can gain nothing. The current outcome is formula_35 hence formula_20 is charged formula_46.
If person formula_19 were not in the auction, formula_21 would be assigned to formula_20, and would have valuation formula_50. The current outcome is 3 hence formula_19 is charged formula_52.
Example #3.
Here we will look at a multiple item auction. Consider the situation when there are formula_53 bidders, formula_53 houses, and values formula_55, representing
the value player formula_56 has for house formula_57. Possible outcomes in this auction are characterized by bipartite matchings, pairing houses with people.
If we know the values, then maximizing social welfare reduces to computing a maximum weight bipartite matching.
If we do not know the values, then we instead solicit bids formula_58, asking each player formula_56 how much he would wish to bid for house formula_57.
Define formula_61 if bidder formula_56 receives house formula_63 in the matching formula_64. Now compute formula_65, a maximum weight
bipartite matching with respect to the bids, and compute
The first term is another max weight bipartite matching, and the second term can be computed easily from formula_65.
Optimality of Truthful Bidding.
The following is a proof that bidding one's true valuations for the auctioned items is optimal
For each bidder formula_4, let formula_69 be his true valuation of an item formula_70, and suppose (without loss of generality) that formula_19 wins formula_21 upon submitting his true valuations.
Note that the size bid of formula_19 has no effect on his utility as long as he wins the item (see the utility function above). Hence, we assume that formula_19 does not bid truthfully, and receives item formula_5 because of his non-truthful bidding. In the truthful bidding case, formula_19 has total utility formula_77. In the untruthful bidding case, formula_19 has total utility formula_79. Hence, we must prove that formula_80, which shows that the utility received from truthful bidding is always at least that received from untruthful bidding.
However, the first term there is the maximum total social value achieved when formula_19 received formula_21, and the second term there is the maximum total social value achieved when formula_19 received formula_5. However, we assumed that the VCG auction gave formula_19 item formula_21; hence, the first term must be greater, and formula_80.
More general setting.
We can consider a more general setting of the VCG mechanism. Consider a set formula_16 of possible outcomes and formula_53 bidders which have different valuations for each outcome. This can be expressed as, function 
for each bidder formula_56 which expresses the value it has for each alternative. In this auction, each bidder will submit his valuation and the VCG mechanism will choose the alternative formula_93 that maximizes formula_94 and charge prices formula_95 given by:
where formula_97, that is, formula_98 is a function that only depends on the valuation of the other players. This alone gives a truthful mechanism, that is, a mechanism where bidding the true valuation is a dominant strategy.
We could take, for example, formula_99, but we would have all prices negative, which might not be desirable. We would rather prefer that players give money to the mechanism than the other way around. The function:
is called "Clarke pivot rule". 
On the other hand, if we do not know the values formula_69, we can solicit bids formula_102. The mechanism
then chooses formula_65 maximizing the revenue formula_104, treating the bids like the values. We then set
Intuitively, the mechanism charges player formula_56 his "externality", or the decrease in optimal social welfare when he is included in the auction.
The Clark pivot rule has some very good properties as:

</doc>
<doc id="20088153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088153" title="Auchendinny railway station">
Auchendinny railway station

Auchendinny railway station was a station which served Auchendinny, in the Scottish county of Midlothian. It was served by trains on the branch line that terminated at Penicuik.
History.
Opened by the Penicuik Railway, then run by the North British Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, only to be closed by British Railways three years later.
The site today.
The platform is still there although overgrown and the station building is a dwelling house.[http://www.railbrit.co.uk/Penicuik_Railway/frame.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20088159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088159" title="Danish Individual Speedway Championship">
Danish Individual Speedway Championship

Individual Speedway Danish Championship is competition for riders holding a Danish passport and a valid DMU licence. Riders must submit their entries at least four weeks before the first meeting of the competition.
Any riders who competed in the Speedway Grand Prix or World Championship Qualifying rounds during the previous season are seeded directly to the Final. The DMU may also seed other riders directly to the Final at their discretion. Either one or two Semi-Finals are staged depending on the number of riders entering the competition (excluding the seeded riders who go straight through to the Final). Riders are selected for these rounds according to the previous season's Danish averages.If one Semi-Final is held, the highest-placed riders (plus two reserves) qualify the Final. If two Semi-Finals are held, the highest-placed riders (plus one reserve) from each meeting qualify for the Final.
The winner of the Final is awarded a gold medal and declared Danish Individual Champion. The riders finishing second and third are awarded silver and bronze medals respectively. The final classification also determines which riders qualify for the World Individual Speedway Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20088186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088186" title="Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company">
Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company

The Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company, sometimes shortened to O & O, was an American shipping company that operated from 1928 to 1938. The company was a joint venture between Matson Navigation Company and the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company.
In 1927, Swayne & Hoyt Lines, a San Francisco-based shipping company, was operating the American-Australian-Orient Line cargo service with ships under charter from the . The American-Australian-Orient Line sailed between ports in the California to ports in Australia, New Zealand, and China. When Swayne & Hoyt's financial difficulties hindered their operation of the ships, the Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company was formed as a joint venture between the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company and Oceanic-Matson, a subsidiary of Matson Navigation Company, with each company holding a 50% stake in Oceanic and Oriental. Oceanic-Matson operated the California – Australia – New Zealand routes, while the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company operated the routes to China.
By 1938, Oceanic and Oriental had ceased operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20088199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088199" title="Flow mark">
Flow mark

Flow marks, also known as flow lines, are molding defects that can occur in the manufacturing process of injection molding. They are best described as directionally "off tone" wavy lines or patterns. The reason for this is that the Injection speed is set too slow (the plastic has cooled down too much during injection, injection speeds must be set as fast as you can get away with at all times).

</doc>
<doc id="20088207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088207" title="Seibu-Kyūjō-mae Station">
Seibu-Kyūjō-mae Station

Lines.
Seibu-Kyūjō-mae Station is the terminus of the 4.2 km Seibu Sayama Line from . Some through services operate to and from via the Seibu Ikebukuro Line. It is also the terminus of the 2.8 km Seibu Yamaguchi Line "Leo Liner" people mover which runs from .
Station layout.
The station consists of a three ground-level terminating platforms serving six tracks for the Sayama Line, and two more platforms for the Yamaguchi Line. Platforms 3 to 6 are normally used only for additional services.
History.
The station opened on 1 May 1929, as . This was renamed on 1 March 1933, and on 1 April 1941. Service was suspended from 28 February 1944, and the station reopened on 7 October 1951 as . It was renamed Seibu-Kyūjō-mae on 25 March 1979, following the opening of the Seibu baseball stadium nearby.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Seibu-Kyūjō-mae Station becoming "SI41" on the Seibu Sayama Line and "SY03" on the Seibu Yamaguchi Line.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 9,356 passengers daily.
The passenger figures for the station in previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="20088240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088240" title="Roberto García">
Roberto García

Roberto García may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20088244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088244" title="NZ Drift Series">
NZ Drift Series

The NZ Drift Series was a five-round motorsport series organised by Parkside Media, publisher of NZ Performance Car magazine. Competing against D1NZ it achieved greater success because of NZ Performance Car and NZ Performance Car TV's marketing power. 
The inaugural season was in 2007 and consisted of two rounds at Manfeild Autocourse and Pukekohe Park Raceway.
The 2008 season expanded the number of rounds to five and the number of tracks to four, including Taupo Motorsport Park, and a round in the South Island at Powerbuilt Tools International Raceway, Ruapuna.
The 2009 season continued with five rounds, including the new Hampton Downs Raceway.
The series helped propel some New Zealand drivers into the world arena, with top drivers such as Carl Ruiterman, Gary Whiter and Mike Whiddett being invited to compete overseas in events such as D1GP World Allstars, Red Bull Drifting World Championship, Formula D and European Drift Championship
Television.
NZ Drift Series is shown on the TVNZ network as part of Powerbuilt Tools Motorsport and NZ Performance Car TV, and TVNZ ondemand. Battle highlights are available on NZ Performance Car's Youtube channel.
Technical specifications.
All vehicles must be a ‘series production vehicle’ of ‘closed vehicle’ unitary construction, rear-wheel drive only. The engine can be at the front (FR) or mid-mounted (MR).
The type and manufacturer of the vehicle is not restricted. Superchargers and turbochargers are permitted, but nitrous oxide is not. The vehicle's engine does not have to be the original, and significant modifications can be made to the lubrication, cooling and exhaust systems, suspension, brakes and steering as long as series regulations are met, and maximum decibel (dB) levels are not exceeded at the track.
Maximum tyre width is 265.
The cars must comply with Motorsport New Zealand regulations for closed racing cars, including a rollcage, fire extinguisher and safety harness.
Points system.
The basic points system is as follows:
Qualifying.
Qualifying works on a descending points system with the top qualifier receiving 32 points and the 32nd qualifier receiving one point.
2008 season.
Dates.
Series dates for the 2008 season:
Demise.
Parkside Media decided in 2009 not to run NZ Drift Series in 2010 and began coverage of D1NZ in NZ Performance Car starting with the final round in August 2009.
NZ Drift Series in popular media.
NZ Drift Series is included as one of the country series in the iPhone game Drift Legends

</doc>
<doc id="20088245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088245" title="The Sensei">
The Sensei

The Sensei (2008) is an independent feature film, written, produced and directed by Diana Lee Inosanto (credited as D. Lee Inosanto).
Synopsis.
Set in Colorado, the story takes place in 1985 during the rise of the AIDS panic. McClain Evans is a gay high school student, constantly the target of bullying in his town. Karen O'Neil is a woman haunted by the death of her pro-boxer fiance, Mark Corey. After a five-year absence, she returns to her family, who runs a successful martial arts school. When McClain is attacked by three local teens, his mother, Annie, asks Karen to teach her son martial arts so that he can defend himself. Karen's family is fearful of anti-gay retaliation, so Karen is forced to secretly teach McClain at night. When word of this reaches her family, and the small-town community, violence erupts, and family and friendship are challenged, forcing Karen to reveal her own dark and tragic secret to those she loves most.

</doc>
<doc id="20088273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088273" title="Epioblasma walkeri">
Epioblasma walkeri

Epioblasma walkeri, common name the tan riffleshell, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Many scientists now recognize this mussel as synonymous or a subspecies of the presumed extinct "Epioblasma florentina" due to integrating shell characteristics between them. 

</doc>
<doc id="20088308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088308" title="Ses Païsses">
Ses Païsses

Ses Païsses is a Bronze Age talayotic settlement on the southeastern outskirts of Artà in northeastern Majorca. It is one of the most important and best-preserved prehistoric sites in the Balearic Islands, although it is largely overgrown with woodland, mainly "Quercus ilex" (holm oak), making it impossible to see the site as a whole.
Definition.
The talaiots, or talayots, are Bronze Age megalithic structures on the islands of Minorca and Majorca. There are at least 274 of them. Dating from the late second millennium and early first millennium BC (between 1,300–900BC), they are round or square structures built of rough stone, around a central space at the center of which stood a column. This supported a ceiling of stone slabs which also formed the floor of the next story. Their purpose is not clearly understood: religious or tribal ceremonies, storehouses and distribution centres have been suggested. They are not thought to have been used as dwelling places or as defensive buildings.
These monuments pre-date the taulas, which are usually found nearby. The Talaiotic Culture began some 3,000 years ago and ended with the arrival of the Romans in the Balearic Islands in 123BC.
Development of the settlement.
The Ses Païsses settlement is thought to have begun as a cylindrical talaiot, or "turriform", built during the first millennium BC (c900–800BC) on a hillside with a commanding view of the surrounding countryside. Originally it would have stood alone, probably as a territorial marker. The tower is 12m in diameter and still stands 4m tall; there are stairs within the massively thick wall, but the building's central column has not survived. Visitors to the site are not allowed to access this building.
A low passageway, roughly 0.75m high, runs right through the building from one side to the other, linking the central chamber to a later room known as "the hypostyle chamber" adjoining it to the northeast.
The hypostyle chamber is so-called because of the three short columns at the centre of the room and the remains of seven others built into the walls. It has two parallel walls, one square end and a rounded or "apsidal" end. It measures approximately 12m × 8m. 
Next to the hypostyle chamber, to the south, and also attached to the central talaiot, is another apsidal horseshoe-shaped chamber. It has been dated to the post-Talayotic period (500–123BC). Excavated in 1959 and 1960, it contained several hearths with fragments of bone, talayotic ceramics and charcoal. A burial and iron tools were also found, indicating later use of the site.
A series of kidney-shaped chambers clustered around the south side of the original talaiot has been excavated. There are indications of other buildings in an elliptical central area measuring roughly 65m × 55m around the talaiot, and others within the massive outer wall of the settlement, also roughly elliptical, which measures some 140m × 105m. Built sometime between 650–540BC, long after the central talaiot and many of its surrounding buildings, this thick wall of cyclopean masonry consists of a base row of huge outer boulders, some weighing around 8 tonnes, with smaller ones (mostly now scattered) above them; it is faced on the inside with rows of smaller rocks.
There seem to have been three entrances in this perimeter wall, which is about 350m long. The main gateway through the outer wall is at the southeast and consists of two vertical boulders with a third balanced on them as a lintel. It opens into a passageway 4.3m long with stairs to either side. There is another similarly-sized entrance to the northeast, though its lintel has disappeared. The southwest gateway, which gave access to a nearby spring, also has no lintel, and is less obvious.
Other notable sites.
Other talayotic sites include:
Similar but not necessarily related are the "nuraghi" of Sardinia, the "torre" of Corsica, and the "sesi" of Pantelleria.

</doc>
<doc id="20088310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088310" title="USS Indianapolis (ID-3865)">
USS Indianapolis (ID-3865)

The first USS "Indianapolis" was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Indianapolis" was launched on 4 July 1918 by Pusey and Jones, Gloucester, New Jersey, for the United States Shipping Board. She was delivered to the U.S. Department of the Navy on 12 December 1918 and was commissioned into the U.S. Navy as USS "Indianapolis" the same day at the Philadelphia Navy Yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with Lieutenant Commander J. M. Masury, USNRF, in command.
Attached to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Indianapolis" departed Philadelphia on 28 December 1918 to carry cargo to England and the Netherlands. She returned to the United States at Norfolk, Virginia, on 23 February 1919. She departed Norfolk on 31 March 1919, carried cargo to France, and returned to Norfolk on 22 June 1919.
"Indianapolis" decommissioned on 9 July 1919. She was returned to the United States Shipping Board at Norfolk the same day, once again becoming SS "Indianapolis".

</doc>
<doc id="20088359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088359" title="Johnny Nunez">
Johnny Nunez

Johnny Nunez is a celebrity photographer and founder of Nubuzzphoto. He is popular among celebrities, most notably those in the Hip-Hop community.
Career.
Although Johnny is sometimes referred to as a paparazzo, most celebrities are happy to see him and consider him a friend. Johnny is a contributing photographer for WireImage, which is now owned by Getty Images. He has also been called one of WireImage's top five connected photographers. In 2002 Johnny became the personal photographer for the famous Hip-Hop mogul Damon Dash. Dash hired Nunez to travel around the world with him. It was around this time that the famous story of Nunez and Dash fighting off a gang in Paris, France occurred. For over 10 years Johnny has been hired by and shot for many a celebrity. Some of his clients include: Russell Simmons, Kimora Lee Simmons, Magic Johnson, Sean "Diddy" Combs, Mary J. Blige, Jennifer Lopez, Clive Davis and Vivica Fox to name a few.
Nunez also models in campaigns for LRG, Phat Farm and Rockport. Johnny is also featured as a character in EA's . In the game Ludacris orders for the player to dispose of Nunez, and you must fight him.
Johnny is often referred to as being tenacious and very dedicated. One of Nunez's main ethics in the world of photography is not to take any unflattering shots of celebrities. This seems to have garnered him the respect and affection of Hip-Hop's elite. Johnny had a two-page article written about him in The New York Times and the International Herald Tribune by Lola Ogunnaike.
The feature documentary 'Shooting Star (s) - The Rise of Hip Hop Photographer Johnny Nunez', by filmmakers Axel Ebermann and Daniel Frei, was awarded 'Best Documentary' at the San Diego Black Film Festival.
Personal life.
Johnny was born to a Venezuelan and Trinidadian. He was adopted by a Puerto Rican family as an infant.
He enjoyed a happy childhood alongside his cousins Lulo and Nini, and his nephews Tony, Sy and Cindy. Johnny attended Brentwood High School and Suffolk Community College in Brentwood, Long island.
References.
♦ http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/02/14/features/nunez.php
External links.
♦ http://www.nubuzzphoto.com/
♦ http://iheartartblog.blogspot.com/2008/08/famed-photographer-johnny-nunez-for.html
♦ http://thesurfacenews.blogspot.com/2007/04/stolis-vodka-celebrates-johnny-nunez.html
♦ http://wordpress.com/tag/johnny-nunez/
♦ http://www.nytimes.com/2007/02/11/fashion/shows/11nunez.html
♦ http://thegoodlifelookbook.wordpress.com/2008/06/19/rockport-goes-urban/

</doc>
<doc id="20088361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088361" title="If I Could See Dallas">
If I Could See Dallas

If I Could See Dallas is the first album by the indie rock band Japancakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20088370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088370" title="List of Mini limited editions">
List of Mini limited editions

The Mini was offered in a number of limited editions that usually included a special combination of trim and badging, but some also included mechanical upgrades.
Anniversary editions.
Mini 30.
Of the 3,000 produced for the UK, 2,000 were in Cherry Red and 1,000 were Black; 2,800 were manual and 200 had an automatic gearbox.
Mini 35.
The 35 did not come with alloy wheels as standard. An automatic transmission was offered as an option. This limited edition was also offered in France, Italy and Japan, although it was identified by different names in those markets. Four hundred left-hand drive Mini 35 cars were also built for export to Holland and Germany late in the model year (November 1994). They were painted British Racing Green Metallic and had all-leather interior with piping trim that matched the exterior color. They had 13-inch alloy wheels and extended wheel arches. The LHD cars also had the same silver coachlines, special decals, and a special wood-rimmed steering wheel with a 35th Anniversary horn button. Only a few were sold and the rest re-badged and sold as 1995 models.
London Collection.
Mini Chelsea.
Produced after the supply of Mini Ritz's had been sold.
Mini Piccadilly.
Many examples were exported to France and Japan.
Mini Advantage.
First launched in France in May 1987 to coincide with the French Open, the Mini Advantage also appeared in the UK in June of that year to be available during The Championships, Wimbledon.
Colours.
Mini Rose.
This 1960s theme was introduced in preparation for the Mini's 30th birthday.
Mini Sky.
This 1960s theme was introduced in preparation for the Mini's 30th birthday.
Mini Racing.
Some Mini Racing cars were fitted with the John Cooper 998 conversion. Otherwise, the 'Racing' was identical to the 'Flame' apart from the colour.
Mini Flame.
Apart from the color, the 'Flame' was identical to the 'Racing'.
Mini Racing Green.
Fitted with a 3.44 final drive (as was found in the original 1961 Cooper), the 'Racing Green' could be bought with the Rover-approved John Cooper performance kit. Identical to the 'Flame Red' and 'Checkmate' apart from the color.
Mini Flame Red.
Fitted with a 3.44 final drive (as was found in the original 1961 Cooper), the 'Flame Red' could be bought with the Rover-approved John Cooper performance kit. Identical to the 'Racing Green' and 'Checkmate' apart from the colour.
Mini Checkmate.
Fitted with a 3.44 final drive (as was found in the original 1961 Cooper), the Checkmate could be bought with the Rover-approved John Cooper performance kit. Identical to the 'Racing Green' and 'Flame Red' apart from the colour.
Designer.
Mini Designer.
The Mini Designer was often called the "Quant" in reference to the Mary Quant-designed interior and Quant Daisy motifs on the steering wheel and bonnet badge.
Mini Paul Smith.
Paul Smith also designed a one-off Mini with 86 different-coloured stripes.
Cooper.
Mini Cooper RSP.
The RSP was the first Cooper in 21 years, and the first Mini with a 1,275 cc engine in 10 years. The most powerful carburettor engine (with the S works conversion) and the only non works mini fitted with an oil cooler as standard.
It was an instant success and sold out even before cars began to appear in showrooms, which prompted Rover to put a Cooper in full-time production. 
Mini Cooper Monte Carlo.
The 1994 Monte Carlo was released to celebrate Paddy Hopkirk's return to the Monte Carlo Rally, 30 years after his original win.
Mini Cooper Grand Prix.
Only two of the Grand Prix cars were made in a left-hand-drive configuration. The engine produced 86 hp.
Mini Cooper 35.
The John Cooper S specification Cooper 35 produced 86 hp.
Mini Cooper Sports LE.
Built to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the Cooper's victory in four Saloon Car Championship races in 1968.
Mini Cooper S Touring.
On the Cooper S Touring, the Jack Knight 5-speed gearbox was available as an optional extra.
Mini Cooper S Sport 5.
The Sport 5 was very similar to the Cooper S Touring except that it was offered with the five-speed Jack Knight gearbox as standard.
Mini Cooper S Works.
With 90 hp output from its big-valve high-compression engine, the S Works is the most powerful Cooper ever made.
Export-only.
Mini After Eight.
This trim package adopted the branding of the After Eight chocolate mint in a partnership with its manufacturer, Rowntree & Company (then owned by Nestlé).
Mini Blue Star.
The steering wheel used in the Blue Star is a RAID model 13D.
Mini Lapagayo.
Named for the Lapagayo fashion brand.
Mini Silver Bullet.
The steering wheel used in the Silver Bullet is a RAID model 13D.
Other.
Mini 1100 Special.
Built to celebrate the Mini's 20th anniversary, the 1100 Special was the only round-nose Mini to be supplied with the 1098 cc engine in the UK. British Leyland supplemented the original run of 2,500 cars with an additional 2,600 due to its popularity.
Mini Sprite.
The Mini Sprite was released in anticipation of the 25th anniversary of the Mini. Its name revived the old Austin-Healey name last used in 1971. The Sprite was intended to be an intermediate trim level between the "City" and the "Mayfair".
Mini Studio 2.
The Studio 2 name was first used on the Metro in 1987/88.
Mini Neon.
The "Neon" was originally meant to be produced in Caribbean Blue Pearlecent, but problems with the new paint meant that the production version was made in Nordic Blue,
at least one was produced in Caribbean Blue and sold by Startins of Redditch. The "Neon" decals on the car still had a Caribbean Blue border, which was meant to blend with the paintwork, so looked a little odd on the Nordic cars.
Mini Cabriolet.
Rover first ordered 75 cars from Lamm Autohaus, and this was shortly followed by an order for an additional 25. After the success of this limited edition, Rover went into full-time production on the Mini Cabriolet.
Mini British Open Classic.
The folding sunroof that appeared on the British Open Classic had been an option on Japanese cars for some time.
Mini Italian Job.
Inspired by the 1969 film "The Italian Job", these cars were made to look like Coopers though they produced only 50 hp.
Mini Rio.
The colours offered on the Rio were usually extra-cost options on the standard Mini Sprite.
Mini ERA Turbo.
96 bhp@8 psi turbo boost

</doc>
<doc id="20088371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088371" title="Edwin Barnes">
Edwin Barnes

Monsignor Edwin Ronald Barnes (born 6 February 1935) is a Catholic priest and a former Church of England bishop. He was the Bishop of Richborough from 1995 to 2002 and was also formerly the president of the Church Union.
Anglican ministry.
Barnes was educated at Plymouth College and Pembroke College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1961 he began his ministry with a curacy at St Mark's North End, Portsmouth. After this he held incumbencies at Farncombe and Hessle. In 1987 he became Principal of St Stephen's House, Oxford, an Anglican theological college. In 1995 he was chosen to be the first Bishop of Richborough, a provincial episcopal visitor in the Province of Canterbury. He retired in 2001.
Reception into the Catholic Church.
In October 2010, Barnes was interviewed by "The Tablet" magazine on the possibility of joining the proposed personal ordinariate in the Roman Catholic Church for former Anglicans (which was established as the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham in January 2011). He said that he wanted to join “because the Anglican Church is no longer the one holy and apostolic Church it says it is.” On 6 January 2011, Barnes announced that he intended being received into the Catholic Church. On 21 January 2011 he and his wife, Jane, were received into the Catholic Church at the Church of Our Lady & St Joseph, Lymington by Monsignor Peter Ryan, himself a former Anglican. He was ordained to the diaconate on 11 February 2011 in the domestic chapel at Bishop's House, Portsmouth by the Bishop of Portsmouth, Crispian Hollis. He was ordained to the priesthood on 5 March 2011 by the same bishop in the Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Portsmouth for the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham. In June 2012 he was elevated to the rank of monsignor as a Chaplain of His Holiness.

</doc>
<doc id="20088391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088391" title="Gabriel Gurméndez Armand-Ugon">
Gabriel Gurméndez Armand-Ugon

Gabriel Gurméndez Armand-Ugon (born 1961) is an Uruguayan industrial engineer, business executive and government figure.
Background.
He studied industrial engineering at Universidad de la República, in Montevideo. He served as head of a number of large companies, including the Uruguayan telecommunications company ANTEL.
Gurméndez also served as General Manager of Punta del Este International Airport (Laguna del Sauce International Airport), Uruguay.
Former ASUR Director.
Minister of Transport and Public Works.
From mid- to late-2004 Gurméndez served as Uruguayan Minister of Transport and Public Works. He thus participated in the government of President Jorge Batlle.
Later career.
Subsequently Gurméndez moved to Mexico in late 2004. He served as Chief Executive of Cancún International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20088412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088412" title="Obliquaria reflexa">
Obliquaria reflexa

Obliquaria reflexa, common name the Threehorn wartyback or three-horn wartyback, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20088413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088413" title="Aruba Amateur Radio Club">
Aruba Amateur Radio Club

The Aruba Amateur Radio Club (AARC) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Aruba. AARC operates a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. The organization operates amateur radio repeaters located at points of high elevation on Sero Yamanota that can be accessed from around the island, from Curaçao, and parts of Venezuela. AARC represents the interests of Aruban amateur radio operators before Aruban and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. AARC is the national member society representing Aruba in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20088465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088465" title="Craig Low">
Craig Low

Craig Low is an Australian comedian, radio and television host, and writer who is known publicly as "Lowie". He has hosted a number of shows including "Lowie’s Hot30 Countdown" and "Ralph TV". Low moved to America in 2009 (New York City and Hollywood, California) and has since returned to Sydney, Australia.
Early life.
Born "Craig Michael Low" on 8 May 1985 in Helensvale, Queensland. His family grew up in the small community of Helensvale, Lowie attended Helensvale State Primary School and Helensvale State High School.
Radio.
Lowie began working at 90.9 SeaFM on the Gold Coast when he was 15yrs old as a junior in audio production and was nominated for his first Australian Commercial Radio Award (ACRA). He was put on Mid-Dawns (12am-5am) and then shifted to B105 to host "Australian Made", a late night syndicated program (now called "Australian First") that plays 100 percent Australian content.
Within 6 months of moving to Brisbane, Craig was filling in for the Hot30 Countdown over the summer period. He stayed on to host the show for just under 1 year. Ratings success differed from state to state, but it was regularly the number 1 FM show in the 7pm-12am time slot. Many rumors circulated in late 2006 when Craig and Austereo parted ways, but the most commonly held belief focuses on his constant battles with management and the breaking of industry Australian Communications and Media Authority codes involving members of the Jim Rose Circus. Relations were already strained after a live breakfast radio stunt revealed Low in bed with Lisa Origliasso from the band The Veronicas
Lowie returned to radio in 2009 with a new show "Lowie vs America" for the Southern Cross Media Network. The show earned him 3 ACRA Nominations in 2010.
The Nova network was signed Lowie to do the national night show and started on 17 January 2011 weekdays 7-10pm, as a part of the new line up.
Lowie has recently moved back to L.A to do the Lowie Super Awesome Mega Mega Hollywood Show, heard nationally around Australia on Sundays live from L.A on the Nova (radio network).
Television.
Lowie signed on with FOX8 in Australia to host "Road to Rock Star". The series went around Australia as they hunted for Australia music talent to become hopefuls on the American series titles "Rock Star Supernova". The band consisted of Tommy Lee (Mötley Crüe), Gilby Clarke (Guns N' Roses) and Jason Newsted (Metallica).
"CD Live", a Saturday night live countdown show hosted by Lowie and Asha Keurten on FOX8. Due to run for 13 episodes, but was expanded to 22.
"Ralph TV", based on the Australia Men's Magazine Ralph and broadcast on the Nine Network Thursday nights during 2008. The TV series was released on DVD along with the magazine.
Stand Up.
Lowie has also been heavily into stand up comedy since his early 20's, Having started at Brisbanes legendary "Sit-Down Comedy Clubs", Since moving to the US Lowie has frequented the most famous and well established Stand Up Comedy Clubs including The World Famous Laugh Factory on The Sunset Strip and The Comedy Store. He also began an online web series "Lowie at the Laugh Factory" in which he interviews other comics backstage.

</doc>
<doc id="20088468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088468" title="The Big Man">
The Big Man

"This article is about the film. For the saxophonist with that nickname, see Clarence Clemons. For the novel see The Big Man (novel)"
The Big Man (US title - Crossing the Line) is a 1990 film produced by Miramax Films. It starred Liam Neeson, Joanne Whalley and Billy Connolly and the film's score was composed by Ennio Morricone. It was featured in FlixMix's Ultimate Fights DVD. It is based on the novel of the same name by William McIlvanney. The film also features one of Hugh Grant's early performances.
Plot.
A Scottish miner (Liam Neeson) becomes unemployed during a union strike. He is unable to support his family and cannot resolve his bitterness about his situation. Desperate for money, he accepts an offer made by a Glasgow gangster to fight in an illegal bare-knuckle boxing match. A long and brutal fight follows.
Filmed at locations in Coalburn, Glasgow and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20088481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088481" title="Mikey Wax">
Mikey Wax

Mikey Wax is an American pianist, guitarist and singer-songwriter.
Biography.
Mikey Wax is a singer/songwriter from Long Island, NY, who started playing piano at the age of 8. He tends to also write and perform on acoustic guitar. At the age of 16, Mikey had an instrumental track of his featured in the independent film Magic Rock. Upon graduating from high school, Mikey attended Vanderbilt University in Nashville, TN.
His debut album "Change Again", produced by Bob Stander, was released on November 1, 2008, and ranked on the iTunes top 100 pop albums in the US, UK, Canada and Australia. Shortly after, Mikey made his television debut performing live on the CBS Morning Show in West Palm Beach, Florida. The album includes the song "In Case I Go Again" which was selected as the winner of The Unsigned Artist radio contest held by WRMF / 97.9 FM, a Hot AC radio station in South Florida. The single was later featured on the CBS hit series Ghost Whisperer. In July 2010, The music video for "In Case I Go Again" was featured on the homepage of YouTube as part of their "Music Tuesday" spotlight. It now holds over 500,000 views. Most recently, "In Case I Go Again" was featured on NBC during the 2012 Summer Olympics, as well as featured on the ABC Family hit show Pretty Little Liars on July 30, 2013. His songs "Yes" "Twisted Fate" "Last Great Song" "Nice To Meet You" "Taxi Driver" "Cedars Bay" and "In Case I Go Again" have appeared on MTV's The Real World, True Life, & Teen Mom.
In June 2009, Wax supported singer Josh Hoge on his U.S tour. Wax completed his second U.S tour supporting artists Howie Day and Serena Ryder in February 2010. Mikey has also toured with Landon Pigg, Diane Birch, Tyler Hilton, Rusted Root, Graham Colton, Tony Lucca, Ingram Hill, Andy Grammer, Scars on 45, James Durbin (singer) and Ryan Cabrera. Wax has been known to perform the piano and guitar simultaneously. He also performed in the 5th annual Great South Bay Music Festival at Shorefront Park in the summer of 2011. Other performing acts included umphrey's mcgee and 38 Special.
On April 29, 2010, Mikey released "The Traveler" EP for free download through his website http://www.mikeywax.com. Integrating social networking to download the EP, The Traveler received 15,000 downloads and contributed to Mikey hosting over 100,000 fans via social networking sites. "Birmingham", the single off the EP, was later featured on the homepage of American Songwriter.
In the summer of 2010, Wax headlined his own house concert tour, playing at 40 homes across the country. He completed his second annual summer house tour in 2011, this time performing at over 60 homes nation wide. Prior to the summer 2011 house tour, Wax recorded his second full-length album with producer Warren Huart (The Fray, Augustana, Kris Allen, James Blunt). The album titled "Constant Motion" released digitally on Tuesday, September 20, 2011, ranking at #6 on the iTunes singer/songwriter chart, and #47 on "Billboard" Heatseekers chart. The album was supported by a tour opening for "American Idol" finalist Elliott Yamin. Additionally, the single off the record "Counting On You" began receiving radio airplay on major adult top 40 (Hot-AC) stations, and debuted on the Mediabase adult top 40 radio chart on April 9, 2012. Soon after, Mikey was selected by New Music Seminar as an "Artist On The Verge", and supported an east-coast tour with Jon McLaughlin. Wax was also featured by iHeartRadio as an “Artist To Watch”. On July 25, 2012, "Counting On You" was featured during the elimination montage on FOX's So You Think You Can Dance. That same night, his song "You Tell Me When" was featured on MTVs The Real World. Two weeks later, it was announced that “Counting On You” would be featured as the elimination song on all the remaining episodes of So You Think You Can Dance (U.S. season 9). The weekly feature caught the attention of national daily newspaper USA Today, who featured Mikey on their website September 5, 2012. In November, 2012, "Counting On You" was placed in the movie trailer for the major motion picture Playing For Keeps (2012 film), starring Gerard Butler and Jessica Biel. The trailer gained the attention of popular entertainment website Young Hollywood, who featured an interview with Wax shortly after.
On November 6, 2012, Wax released a holiday EP, "And A Happy New Year", consisting of 3 originals and 3 covers. The EP features Steve Holley on drums. Steve was a member of Paul McCartney's Wings (band), and used the same sleigh bells, tambourine and other percussion on Mikey's EP that were recorded on McCartney's Wonderful Christmastime. Wax's EP debuted at #26 on the iTunes US Holiday chart, and the title-track "And A Happy New Year" received radio airplay on SiriusXM Holly throughout the holiday season. Shockya.com praised the EP saying, "The six track EP simply makes holiday music “the cool thing to listen to”." In the last week of 2012, "Counting On You" was featured hourly on Dutch internet radio station Radio 501.
On February 28, 2013, "Counting On You" was selected as a finalist in the International Songwriting Competition (ISC) - Adult Contemporary Category. That same week, Mikey & "Counting On You" were selected out of 13,000 artists as a top-ten finalist in the second annual Guitar Center unsigned singer/songwriter contest. In August 2013, "Counting On You" was awarded 2nd place out of 9,000 artist submissions in the Unsigned Only competition. 
On April 30, 2013, Mikey's song "For Better Or Worse" was featured on the Lifetime (TV network) hit show Dance Moms. On June 6, 2013, Mikey's song "So Crazy" premiered in a promo commercial for Brazilian TV network GNT, which led to the song charting on the Top 100 iTunes Pop Chart Brazil, and Mikey signing a sub-publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music South America. The commercial aired through the Fall of 2013.
On February 25, 2014, Mikey signed a worldwide recording contract with Toucan Cove / Universal Music Group. His new album, recorded with Nashville producer/brother duo Ed Cash and Scott Cash, is set to release in the summer of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20088491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088491" title="Valun tablet">
Valun tablet

The tablet.
The Valun tablet is a natural tablet, unprocessed by a carver, of a type that can commonly be found on karstic territory and employed by peasants for e.g. tiling the ground. According to Fučić it originally served as the marker of a shallowly dug grave at the church of Saint Mark in Bućevo above the present-day village of Valun on the island of Cres.
The text.
The tablet is equipped with a bilingual inscription: one in the Croatian language, carved in an older, rounded Glagolitic, and a Latin inscription, carved with Caroline.
The Latin text can be easily read:
It's evident that the grave of 3 generations is in question, carrying old Croatian baptismal names. These are the grandmother "Těha", her son "Bratohna" and her grandson "Juna".
On the Glagolitic inscription, carrying the Old Croatian text, the names TĚHA and JUNA can easily be read, but BRATOHNA is missing. In the middle of the inscription 8 letters are found, two of which look unknown to Fučić, so he read the sequence as:
The unknown letter (6) is according to Fučić old Glagolitic 'I', with a duplicated horizontal line separating the upper element from the lower. As for the unknown letter (7), the diagonal line in the eye of the letter N (14) in the word "JUNA" has led Fučić as a lead to the diagonal line in the letter (7), and notice that a carver has made an obvious mistake, carving at the wrong place a following semivowel. Now, after the word TĚHA word SINЪ "son" can be read, which matches to FILIUS "son" from the Latin text—and in the remaining group of letters VЪKЪ one should assume contracted NU in order to read VЪNЪKU "grandson", in order to match the word from Latin text.
The Glagolitic inscription of the Valun tablet is thus:
Dating.
Latin inscription in Caroline can date to 9th, 10th and 11th century. Glagolitic inscription is of markedly rounded Glagolitic.
The types of semivowels, triangular Ě, V with semicircular joint, K with long lateral line—all unambiguously point to the 11th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20088496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088496" title="Hoppet (film)">
Hoppet (film)

Hoppet is a 2007 motion picture directed by Petter Næss.
Plot.
The Kurdish boys Azad and Tigris are brothers. Due to an airstrike Tigris cannot speak anymore. They are sent to an uncle in Germany, the parents plan to come soon afterwards. The boys travel through Sweden and are accompanied by another family until Sweden. They get stuck there and have to live with the family in Sweden.
Azad is good at high jumping and gets the opportunity to travel to Germany for a competition. However, he has no passport. Therefore he borrows the passport of a Swedish friend, and changes his appearance to look like the picture: he puts in blue lenses and dyes his hair blonde. Tigris is smuggled into Germany in a suitcase. When he is about to be discovered by the border guard, the latter is distracted with conversation, and they can move on.
In Germany Azad wins the competition and is reunited with his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20088526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088526" title="Ratley">
Ratley

Ratley is a village in the civil parish of Ratley and Upton, Stratford-on-Avon District, Warwickshire, England. It is on the north west side of the Edge Hill escarpment about above sea level.
History.
The remains of a 12th-century motte and bailey castle are just outside the village.
The Church of England parish church is Decorated Gothic and almost all of it was built in the 14th century. It is one of a few churches in England dedicated to St. Peter ad Vincula. In the church is a book where people with the surname of Ratley can sign their names.
The Battle of Edge Hill, the first battle of the English Civil War, was fought very near the village. The former Church of England school and local Post Office buildings are still standing but have been converted into houses.
Upton House is less than from the village. It houses a fine art collection and is managed by the National Trust.
In 1922 the Edge Hill Light Railway was built through the village to carry ironstone from a local quarry. It became disused after a few years and was dismantled in 1946.
Amenities.
The village has two public houses. Parts of one of the pubs, The Rose & Crown, are 900 years old. It is also a Grade I listed building. The village has a village hall and a sports pitch with football goals and children's play equipment, both of which can be used by the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20088531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088531" title="List of Tales of the Abyss episodes">
List of Tales of the Abyss episodes

The 26 episodes of the Japanese anime series "Tales of the Abyss" are jointly produced by Bandai Visual, Namco, and Sunrise, and are based on the PlayStation 2 game of the same name. Directed by Kenji Kodama, the first episode premiered in Japan on Tokyo MX on October 3, 2008, where the series is on-going. The episodes also air on Animax, MBS, BS11, and CBC.
Two pieces of theme music are used for the episodes, one opening theme and one ending theme. The opening theme, "Karma" by Bump of Chicken, is the original opening theme for the source game. The ending theme is "Bōken Suisei" by Kurumi Enomoto.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20088545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088545" title="Amblema plicata">
Amblema plicata

Amblema plicata, common name the Threeridge, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20088559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088559" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Queen Anne's County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Queen Anne's County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Queen Anne's County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 37 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20088567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088567" title="Tacoma Mausoleum">
Tacoma Mausoleum

The Tacoma Mausoleum is a mausoleum in Tacoma, Washington, United States. Built in 1910, the mausoleum was the first such structure in the U.S. to be built west of the Mississippi River. In 1918, the mausoleum was sued by David Rea and his wife, who claimed that the existence of a mausoleum near homes constituted a nuisance. They were suing in an attempt to prevent the already built mausoleum from adding further structures on its premises, but the Washington Supreme Court ruled against them. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20088581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088581" title="Henry Fitz">
Henry Fitz

Henry Fitz was a notable American telescope manufacturer.
Early life.
Fitz was born in 1808 in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The family moved to Albany, New York, some eleven years later and to New York City later on. Fitz as a boy was already very interested in science and mechanics. He initially learned the printing trade from his father. They printed the religious weekly publication called "The Gospel Herald". With his mechanical ability he learned the locksmith trade. One of the many hobbies he enjoyed was astronomy. In the 1830s Fitz was already well known as an amateur astronomer when he was a boy. His first telescope was made using a lens from a pair of eyeglasses when he was fifteen years old.
Mid life.
Fitz knew Alexander Wolcott, who was working on a speculum mirror for a Cassegrain reflector in the early 1830s. Fitz was able to obtain the half-finished blank that Wolcott had done. He then completed the mirror in 1837 to make a telescope.
Fitz traveled to Europe from August to November 1839 learning astronomical and photographic optics. He learned the French were the best makers of high quality glass. The English and German opticians taught Fitz the techniques of sawing and grinding glass. By the 1840s Fitz had turned his amateur astronomer hobby into a successful business building telescopes. 
Fitz pioneered techniques of correcting poor quality glass which made him one of the first important American telescope makers. He was the first American to make "very large" professional refracting telescopes. Fitz made the largest refractor telescopes in America, five different times.
Fitz made forty percent of all the telescopes sold in the United States from 1840 to 1855. He also manufactured eighty percent of all astronomical telescopes made in the United States at this time. American made telescopes were significantly less expensive than comparable instruments from Europe. Manufacturing locally in the United States instead of Europe was an important factor in the proliferation of observatories in the nineteenth century in America.
Fitz contributed considerably in the development of astronomical photography. Making telescopes and related astronomical components was a labor of love for him. Often he would be found working after midnight. He was the best known American maker of telescopes and achromatic instruments before the Civil War.
Fitz was in partnership with Wolcott and developed a patented Daguerrotype camera. They had a photographic studio in Baltimore in 1841. Fitz invented and built foot power machines for the grinding of lenses. He also had employees do all the other tasks involved and trained them accordingly in the process of making lenes and mirrors. The critical final mirror polishing he did himself, however, and did not allow his employees to do that. Fitz made a six inch (152 mm) refractor telescope in 1845 for the American Institute Fair for which he received a gold medal.
The South Carolina College at Columbia in 1851 bought a telescope form Fitz for $1,200. The telescope was used by the college for the next decade. After the Civil War it was stolen for scrap brass. The
Haverford College in Pennsylvania purchased an eight inch (203 mm) refractor telescope from Fitz in 1852. The West Point Academy purchased from Fitz in 1856 a refractor telescope costing $5,000.
Later life and death.
After his death his wife recalls Fitz making doublet lenses, with the flint element ground from the bottom 
of a tumbler and the crown element made from plate glass. The original workshop of Fitz’s is now in storage at the U.S. National Museum of American History.
Fitz’s telescope business was successful, so in 1863 he was in the process of building a new house. Fitz, however, died suddendly at the end of the year. Some have reported that the cause was when a large chandelier fell from the ceiling of his new home. Obituaries report, however, his demise was from tuberculosis. Before his final illness and death, he was about to sail for Europe to select a glass for a telescope, and to procure patents for a camera involving a new form of lens.

</doc>
<doc id="20088591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088591" title="Sławomir Twardygrosz">
Sławomir Twardygrosz

Club career.
Twardygrosz began his professional career with Śląsk Wrocław, and played in 121 Ekstraklasa league matches and 28 Second League matches over five seasons. With nine league goals, he is one of the all-time leading scorers for Śląsk Wrocław.
Twardygrosz moved to Lech Poznań for the 1994-95 season, where he made 33 Ekstraklasa league appearances in the next 1.5 seasons. He spent a few seasons in the lower leagues before returning to Lech where he appeared in another 10 second division matches before his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20088606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088606" title="Asterostigma">
Asterostigma

Asterostigma is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It contains approximately 7 species of plants found in Peru, Brazil, Bolivia, and Ecuador. The leaves are pinnate and the plant is tuberous.
References.
Bown, Deni (2000). "Aroids: Plants of the Arum Family". Timber Press. ISBN 0-88192-485-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20088613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088613" title="William Baird">
William Baird

William Baird may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20088629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088629" title="Ronnie Knox">
Ronnie Knox

Ronald "Ronnie" Knox (Born February 14, 1935, in Chicago, Illinois; died May 4, 1992, in San Francisco, California) was a National Football League and Canadian Football League quarterback.
High school phenom.
A high school All-American at Santa Monica High School, Knox played under the tutelage of coach Jim Sutherland. He played his freshman season for Pappy Waldorf's California Golden Bears before abruptly transferring to UCLA in the fall of 1954. Knox's stepfather, Harvey Knox, was accused of interfering with the Bears' coaching staff and of making extreme monetary demands on the university. The elder Knox had also interfered with his son's high school coaches and Ronnie played for three different high school teams in three years. Harvey Knox was also accused of interfering in the business of his stepdaughter, actress Patricia Knox.
College and pro football player.
Knox played one season at UCLA before being declared ineligible due to accepting "under-the-table" financing. After leaving UCLA, Knox signed a movie contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, but he would never appear in any pictures for the studio. Knox signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, but would leave the team after one month to once again pursue a film career. Knox signed with the Calgary Stampeders on October 3, 1956, six days after quitting the Tiger-Cats.
Knox signed with the Chicago Bears for the 1957 season. Knox was suspended indefinitely by Bears Coach George Halas in October of that season for violations which included his stepfather's public criticism of the team and missing two practices and a quarterback tutoring session without reason.
Due to a bitter dispute with the Bears, Knox was not allowed by Halas to play for the Bears or play for any other NFL team. Instead, he signed with the Toronto Argonauts midway through 1958 CFL season with a promise by Harvey Knox to the team that he would not interfere. His most notable performance came on October 25, 1958 when, playing the Ottawa Rough Riders, he passed for 522 yards, then a team record and still second most in Argonaut history. After splitting up with his stepfather, Knox would play only one more season of football before retiring, saying that football was a "game for animals".
Film actor, a drifter, and a poet.
After leaving Toronto, Knox would appear in a few movies and television shows, but not return to football, despite offers from the Oakland Raiders and San Diego Chargers of the newly formed American Football League. 
In the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s Knox drifted around California, residing only a short time in various towns, prior to moving again. In July 1988 a reporter located him as he was moving out of a one room apartment in Canoga Park, California. Knox had lived there for just several weeks, spending the majority of his time writing poetry. Aside from past residences in McKinleyville, CA, Malibu, CA, and San Francisco, Knox lived for short periods in other states, i.e. Maine and Texas. He also lived for brief stints in Mexico and Europe. 
Having been single since a divorce in 1964, his philosophy was to "stay free". Knox compared his lifestyle to the noble savage written about by James Fennimore Cooper. He read English literature by the hour, stretched out on a cot or in his worn out twelve-year-old car. He yearned for a life at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20088675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088675" title="List of radio stations in Italy">
List of radio stations in Italy

The following is a list of national radio stations broadcast in Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20088697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088697" title="Ed Clayton">
Ed Clayton

Ed Clayton a.k.a. EDVIS (born 1971) is an American writer and illustrator born in the state of Illinois.
Biography.
Clayton attended West Aurora High School and Columbia College Chicago majoring in illustration. He first published work with the Milwaukee based publisher Fireman Press, home of cult hit "", where Ed Clayton took over the art duties on the Scud spin-off comic, "La Cosa Nostroid".
Clayton's self-created comic book "Dr. Grave" was published by California based publisher Slave Labor Graphics. Dr.Grave has been revived and is now published by the independent California based Antix Press.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20088780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088780" title="The Ultimate Collection (Rebecca St. James album)">
The Ultimate Collection (Rebecca St. James album)

The Ultimate Collection is a 2-disc compilation by Christian artist Rebecca St. James released on March 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20088789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088789" title="Reina Hispanoamericana 2007">
Reina Hispanoamericana 2007

Reina Hispanoamericana 2007, The 17th Reina Hispanoamericana Beauty Pageant was held at the FEXPO, in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on October 26, 2007. 20 contestants was competed in the event. Massiel Taveras, Miss Dominican Republic won the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20088833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088833" title="Ogawa Station (Tokyo)">
Ogawa Station (Tokyo)

Lines.
Ogawa Station is served by the Seibu Kokubunji Line from to , and by the Seibu Haijima Line from to . It is located 2.7 km from the starting point of the Kokubunji Line at Higashi-Murayama, and 2.8 km from the start of the Haijima Line at Kodaira.
Station layout.
The station consists of two ground-level island platforms serving four tracks. The station building is located above the platforms, with entrances on the east and west sides.
History.
Ogawa Station opened on 21 December 1894.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Ogawa Station becoming "SS31" on the Haijima Line and "SK04" on the Kokubunji Line.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the station was used by an average of 28,550 passengers daily. The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="20088835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088835" title="Angers tramway">
Angers tramway

The Angers tramway () is a tramway in the French city of Angers. Opened on 25 June 2011, Line A is operated by Keolis and replaced some bus lines, with the buses redeployed throughout the rest of the metropolitan area. Alstom's APS ground-level power supply has been used on two parts of the line totalling 1.5 km in order to avoid overhead lines in the centre of Angers and Avrillé. Angers is the second city using such system, after Bordeaux.
Trams.
Angers Loire Métropole awarded Alstom a €47m contract to supply 17 Citadis 302 trams on 15 November 2006.
Design of rolling stock.
Design and personalization of the rolling stock is characterized by the front end "convergence" V-shape similar in form to a shield. The other major feature is the ubiquity of a rainbow sky, designed by the French agency RCP Design Global is found in the color scheme and interior design of the trams and other transportation in the city. 
The interior of the trams is marked by floral figures in different colors on the ceiling, white walls and green seats to reflect the geological layers of Anjou.
Line A: Avrillé-La Roseraie.
The total budget for the first line, re-evaluated in 2008, is around €350m (€47m for the trams), up from the 2004 estimate of €250m. 
Main features for Line A: 
As the line goes on both banks of the Maine, a new bridge was built to allow the trams to cross the river. It connects Angers' University Hospital Centre to Saint-Serge. This 270m bridge is accessible to bicycles and pedestrians as well as emergency vehicles.
Line B: Beaucouzé-Monplaisir-Parc Expos.
The Line B will open in 2015. It will run from Beaucouzé, via the Atoll shopping centre and Belle-Beille University to the main railway station and Parc des Expositions (Saint-Sylvain-d'Anjou) through Monplaisir district.

</doc>
<doc id="20088836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088836" title="Bloomfield Academy (Oklahoma)">
Bloomfield Academy (Oklahoma)

Bloomfield Academy was a Chickasaw school for girls founded in 1852 by the Reverend J.H. Carr located near Achille, Oklahoma. Control passed to the United States government after passage of the Curtis Act in 1898. 

</doc>
<doc id="20088862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088862" title="Rebecca St. James discography">
Rebecca St. James discography

The discography of Rebecca St. James, a contemporary Christian musician, consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, four extended plays, and five compilation albums.
Tours.
"This list is incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="20088871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088871" title="Louis Joseph Coralie">
Louis Joseph Coralie

Louis Joseph Coralie (1912–1967) was the first Afro-Mauritian to be involved in the Mauritian politics. He was born in 1912 in Mauritius.
In 1954, Louis Joseph Coralie founded the political newspaper "L'Epee". The newspaper bought its support to a prolonged anti-Hindu campaign in Mauritius between 1954 and 1962. Joseph Coralie has brought his contribution in the Mauritius politics and was an ally of the Mauritian Party led by Jules Koenig. On 25 April 1956, Coralie was found guilty of slander and was ordered to pay a considerable fine to Teeluckparsad Callychurn, director of the Mauritius Post Office.
In 1958, Louis Joseph Coralie invented an 'electric' riding crop. Coralie, a member of the Mauritius Turf Club, was later arrested and imprisoned for using the electric riding crop in order to win races. Coralie was also wanted for conspiracy, but managed to evade prosecution. He was married to Marie Eliane Choyen with whom he had five children. Louis Joseph Coralie died in the United Kingdom in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20088874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088874" title="Julian Hernandez (musician)">
Julian Hernandez (musician)

Julian Hernandez (born June 6, 1954, Bronx, New York) is a Puerto Rican American songwriter, composer, guitarist and singer.
Career.
Julian Hernandez has worked with many famous artists throughout his career. He wrote and was a backing vocalist for Lil' Suzy's "Take Me In Your Arms". It sold over 600,000 copies as a single and reached number 48 on the Billboard Chart. He has written music for and sang in such movies as Grandview USA, The Survivalist and True Love. His voice can be heard on both radio and TV ads for American Airlines, Pontiac, Ford, Burger King and Foodtown, to name a few. 
In 2002, Julian was a “New York Idol” finalist on WPLJ’s Scott & Todd’s Big Show, reaching over 3 million listeners. 
In addition to Ben E. King, Julian has recorded with such artists as The Delphonics, Shannon (Let the Music Play – reached double platinum), Ray, Goodman & Brown, The Stylistics (14 songs) and on the Christina Aguilera album “Just Be Free”.
Julian is the recipient of many awards, including those from The American Song Festival, Music City Song Festival, Billboard Song and the John Lennon Songwriting Event.

</doc>
<doc id="20088875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088875" title="Abu al-Abbas Iranshahri">
Abu al-Abbas Iranshahri

Abu al-Abbas Iranshahri () was a 9th-century Persian philosopher, mathematician, natural scientist, historian of religion, astronomer and author. According to traditional sources, he is the first figure in the wider Muslim world to be associated with philosophy after the advent of Islam.
Life.
He was born in Nishapur (modern Khorasan in Iran), the city also known as Iranshahr, hence his title Iranshahri. According to Nasir Khusraw, Iranshahri taught Rhazes and Biruni ancient Iranian philosophy.
Works.
He authored several books and treatises in Arabic and in Persian. All the books written, some of which are mentioned in passing by Biruni and Nasir Khusraw, have been lost.
He wrote three books; "Jalil", "Athir", and "Masael u'ttabi'a", about philosophy and wisdom. Abulma'ali states that Iranshahri brought a new religion with a Persian book and named his miracle "Hasti" (existence). According to Biruni, he was knowledgeable about Christianity, Zoroastrianism, Manichaeism, Hinduism, and Shamanism.
Philosophy.
According to Abu'l Ma'ali, the author of bayan al-Adyan, Iranshahri considered himself a Prophet and wrote a book in Persian which he claimed have received a divine revelation by the angel called Hasti (Existence). He believed in the unity of all religions and considered existing differences among them the results of special interests (ḡarażµ) of their followers. According Biruni, Iranshahri had said that God took covenant from light and darkness on the days of Nowruz and Mehragan, which may reflect Zurvanite influence. According to Nasir Khusraw, Iranshahri had expressed philosophical concepts in religious terms in such books as Ketab-e jalil and Ketab-e athir, and had led people to the true religion and the understanding of monotheism.
He maintained that God was always a creator, and there was not a time when he was non-creative (u-rā ṣonʿ nabud) before He turned into being creative. According to him, it is requisite that He always be creator, then it is necessary for that in which His creation appeared to be eternal (qadim). His creation makes its appearance (padid-āyanda ast) in Matter (hayulā), and therefore, Matter, a sign of the apparent power of God, is eternal; and since Matter, which is eternal, requires the existence of Space (makān), it follows that Space should be eternal too. His ideas on time is was that time, world, and duration (zamān dahr wa moddat) are names whose meanings are derived from the same substance (jawhar). He also philosophized that Time, a substance in motion and restless (jawhar-e ravanda wa biqarār), is the sign of God’s knowledge, in the same way that Space is the sign of His power; motion is the sign of His action, and the being (jesm) is the sign of His ability, and every one of these signs is infinite and eternal.

</doc>
<doc id="20088881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088881" title="Carlowville, Alabama">
Carlowville, Alabama

Carlowville is an unincorporated community in Dallas County, Alabama. A portion of Carlowville was designated as the Carlowville Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places on January 18, 1978, the Carlowville Historic District.
Geography.
Carlowville is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20088919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088919" title="West Coast League">
West Coast League

The West Coast League (WCL) is a collegiate summer baseball league founded in 2005, comprising teams from Washington, Oregon, and British Columbia. The WCL was previously named the West Coast Collegiate Baseball League (WCCBL), but in 2008 was renamed to their current name the West Coast League. The league is designed to develop college talent, and only current college eligible players are allowed to participate. Top college eligible players compete in the West Coast League, which has produced dozens of professional players and a number of major leaguers. League teams are operated just like professional minor league teams. The WCL season runs from early June to mid-August.
History.
2005–2009.
In 2005 the teams played 42 games. For the 2007 season, this was the first year that the WCL started to use divisions. They separated the league into 2 divisions, called the East and West based on their geographical location. The playoffs worked in an odd way. The top 2 teams in the standings at the end of the season would playoff a best 2 out of 3 in both divisions. Then, the winners of the sets would playoff in the championship series, also a best 2 out of 3. and in 2009 it expanded the schedule to 48 games, at the same time going to an unbalanced schedule.
2010.
In 2010 the league added Longview/Kelso (Cowlitz), Washington for the 2010 season, along with Walla Walla, Washington, which in turn cause a balanced schedule. The Moses Lake Pirates ceased operations following the 2010 season. The leaders in avg., home runs, RBI, and ERA, strikeouts, and wins for 2010 are as follows:
2011.
In 2011 the league expanded to Klamath Falls, which in turn caused a 54 game unbalanced schedule. Also, in the Summer of 2011 the Wenatchee Applesox won the East Division Pennant, and the Walla Walla Sweets came in second and beat the Applesox in the Division Playoffs to go on to play the Corvallis Knights where they lost 2 games to 0. In the West Division the Corvallis Knights won the Pennant and the Bend Elks were 8 games behind them but lost 2–0 in the Divisional games. The batting and pitching leaders are as follows:
2012.
In 2012 the Wenatchee Applesoxs won the East Division Pennant and battled the Bellingham Bells and went on to the finals. At the same time West Division the Corvallis Knights faced and defeated the Cowlitz Black Bears and went on to face the Wenatchee Applesoxs, where the Wenatchee Applesoxs won the championship for the 5th time.
2013.
In the 2013 season the league changed from an East/West division format to a North/South division format because of further league expansion, of the Victoria Harbourcats, and the Medford Rouges, which brought the number of teams to 11. Also, in 2013 records were set and matched. Walla Walla Sweets pitcher Sean-Luke Brija matched the league record in saves, with 13 outstanding saves in the 2013 season. It was the first year an expansion team, in their first year, made the playoffs. The Medford Rouges made the playoffs by a tie, and winning their last 3 regular season games but, they lost their Cinderella Story season to the Corvallis Knights, beating them 2 games to nothing in the South Division playoffs. Also, the other expansion team, the Canadian Victoria Harbourcats, set a single game and All-star game attendance record of 4,210 in viewing. Finally, history was made in Kitsap after the last out of the top of the ninth when Spenser Watkins threw a spectacular perfect game, the first in West Coast League history.
The pitching and batting records are as follows:
2014.
In 2014 the Yakima Valley Pippins will come on board, giving the WCL their twelfth team. Also, in the 2014 year because, of the expansion of Yakima, the WCL will move yet again their league format for the 4th time. The league will change the format from a 2-division format to a 3-division format, with an East, West, and South Divisions. The playoff format will also change to a MLB format with only 1 wild card instead of 2. You can see the teams in their respected divisions, based on their geographical location on the Team Table below.
All-Star game history.
For the first time in 2006, the WCL held an All-Star game. The inaugural game was held at Paul Thomas Stadium in Wenatchee, Washington, with players assigned to either the East or West squad, although this was before actual divisions were created in the league. The 2007 game was played in Bellingham, Washington, and the 2008 game was played in Moses Lake, Washington. The All-Star Game was eliminated after the 2008 season. In 2011, the league announced it would revive the All-Star Game and assigned the 2011 game to Goss Stadium on the campus of Oregon State University, home of the league's Corvallis Knights. In 2012 the WCL All-Star Game was played in Walla Walla, Washington at the historic Borleske Stadium home of the Walla Walla Sweets. In 2013 Victoria, British Columbia, hosted the All-Star game at Royal Athletic Park home of the 2013 expansion team, Victoria Harbourcats. The All-Star game set 2 records, the most attendance at an All-Star game, and a record of most fans in viewing of any WCL game.
All-Star venues and results.
(*)=At this time there where no plans for any any extra innings or any deciding protocol.
Team list.
Past.
Past WCL Team Tables

</doc>
<doc id="20088938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088938" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Kent County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kent County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kent County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kent County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 40 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20088940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088940" title="List of Roller Hockey International teams">
List of Roller Hockey International teams

Following is a list of Roller Hockey International teams. RHI was a professional inline hockey league that operated in North America from 1993 to 1999. It was the first major professional league for inline hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="20088944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088944" title="Rod drawing">
Rod drawing

Rod drawing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20088988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088988" title="Communist Party of Denmark/Marxist–Leninists">
Communist Party of Denmark/Marxist–Leninists

The Communist Party of Denmark/Marxist–Leninists (, "DKP/ML") was a political party in Denmark, that advocated revolutionary communism. The DKP/ML took part in elections in 1984 and 1987, under the party letter L, but got less than 1000 votes in each.
After it was founded, the DKP/ML took a stand with Enver Hoxha's Albania. After the dissolution of socialism in Albania, they concluded that communists should get over sectarianism and unite into one party. They have tried this since, so far culminating in the November 2006 merger with Kommunistisk Samling, into Kommunistisk Parti (KP). The merger marked the abolition of DKP/ML as a party.
The DKP/ML published, and the KP still publishes, the daily Arbejderen newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20088989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20088989" title="Kasakstan">
Kasakstan

Kasakstan (, also Romanized as Kasaḵstān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="20089003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089003" title="Short Fat Fannie">
Short Fat Fannie

"Short Fat Fannie" (alternatively "Short Fat Fanny") is Larry Williams' second single release after "High School Dance". Williams' original penned track peaked at number five on the U.S. pop chart, and at number one on the R&B chart. It sold over one million records, Williams' first million seller.
The song was rehearsed by The Beatles during the filming of the documentary, "Let It Be" in 1969. The song was recorded on the film soundtrack and is featured on many bootleg recordings.
"Short Fat Fannie" was an early example of a novelty genre including pop song titles. This formula was later used for Bobby Darin's "Splish Splash" and Bob Kayli's "Everyone Was There", as well as both of Billy and Lillie's hits, "La Dee Dah" and "Lucky Ladybug".
The song was also covered by Billy Preston, The Beatles, Little Richard, Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers, Curtis Johnson, Ronnie Self, The Dovells and Johnny Winter.
The track was also a favorite of Levon Helm, drummer of The Band. He would sing the song often while touring as the Hawks, and even played a version of it on Late Night with Conan O'Brien in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20089022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089022" title="Anthony Maher (footballer)">
Anthony Maher (footballer)

Anthony Maher (born 1987) is a Gaelic footballer from Duagh, County Kerry, in Ireland. He plays for the Duagh GAA club, Feale Rangers divisional side and Kerry senior football team.He is set to join Castlehaven in Cork in 2014
Playing career.
Club football.
In 2006, Maher won the Kerry Junior Football Championship with Duagh. The team went on to emerge from Munster with Maher playing a key part as they qualified for the All-Ireland Junior Club Football Championship final in 2007. However, Greencastle GAA defeated them by one point in the final.
Maher went on to win that year's Kerry Senior Football Championship with Feale Rangers as they beat South Kerry by a point in the final with Maher setting up a vital goal.
Despite Maher's performance at midfield, Feale Rangers were knocked out of the Kerry Senior Football Championship at the quarter-final stage in 2008.
Inter-county football.
Maher played at underage level with Kerry. In 2004 in came on as a sub in the All Ireland Minor Football Final which Kerry lost to Tyrone. In 2008 he was selected in the Kerry senior panel and played in the National Football League, impressing at midfield. He started in 3 of Kerry's 7 league games and came on as a sub in further 2 games and scored 2 points in the 2008 League.

</doc>
<doc id="20089024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089024" title="Max Seeburg">
Max Seeburg

Max Seeburg (19 September 1884 – 1972) was a German footballer who played in England for Chelsea, Tottenham Hotspur, Burnley, Grimsby Town and Reading between 1907 and 1914. Seeburg became the first European-born foreigner to play in England.
Biography.
Born in Leipzig, Seeburg moved to London in 1886, at the age of two. His first professional club was Chelsea, who he joined in 1906. He did not play a competitive match for the West London side, and two years later moved across the city to join Tottenham Hotspur. Seeburg's first and only league match for Tottenham was on 26 September 1908, in a 1-0 away defeat to Hull City in the Second Division. He moved to Leyton in the following month.
After a season at amateurs Leyton, Seeburg left London and spent the 1910-11 season back in the Second Division with Burnley. After a spell at Grimsby Town later that year, he joined Reading, where he retired in 1912.
Seeburg died in Reading in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20089025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089025" title="Speedy Delivery">
Speedy Delivery

Speedy Delivery (2008) is a documentary feature directed and produced by Paul B. Germain. The film follows the life story of David Newell, better known as Mr. McFeely from the children's television show "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". [http://www.speedydeliverymovie.com/
Shot in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, "Speedy Delivery" is a character study of Newell, examining his mission to help save "The Neighborhood" following the passing of his close friend Fred Rogers. Made on a budget of $4,000, the film was funded by grants from two universities: Carnegie Mellon University and Pomona College. Currently, "Speedy Delivery" is airing regionally on PBS and has screened at The Feel Good Film Festival founded by Kristen Ridgway Flores, Flyway Film Festival, and screened at the 2009 Seattle Children's Film Festival. [http://www.independentfilmsdirect.com/content/view/3682/51/[http://www.flywayfilmfestival.org/selections.htm][http://www.nwfilmforum.org/live/collection/press/449]
Logline.
David Newell travels the globe as 'Mr. McFeely' to keep 'Mister Rogers' Neighborhood' alive, despite major transitions in children's television. [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1305872/]
Plot.
"Speedy Delivery" follows David Newell/Mr. McFeely around his own neighborhood, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, examining the two roles he has played for over forty years. Intercut with retrospective interviews, the film explores David Newell's life of service, as both playing the character Mr. McFeely and as director of public relations for Family Communications, Inc., the parent company founded by Fred Rogers. This company created and produced "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood during the majority of its years on air since its debut in 1967.[http://www.museum.tv/archives/etv/R/htmlR/rogersfred/rogersfred.htm
The film follows David Newell on four appearances located in Pennsylvania and Maryland. Beginning in Pittsburgh, he appears at the opening of the Schenley Plaza Carousel, meeting and greeting with fans. Next, he travels to Baltimore, Maryland to help open up a special Mister Rogers traveling exhibit, including a replica of the set. Finally, he returns to Pittsburgh for two more appearances in Bridgeville, Pennsylvania and Cranberry Park. All along the way, the film uses retrospective interviews with former cast members and current co-workers to discuss topics like Newell's childhood, the passing of Fred Rogers, where the character Mr. McFeely came from and what kept "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" successful and authentic for over four decades.
Alternate versions.
There are two cuts of "Speedy Delivery". The theatrical cut runs approximately one hour and twelve minutes. The television cut runs approximately fifty seven minutes, standard for PBS specifications. The theatrical cut is available on DVD and includes a director's commentary.
On television.
"Speedy Delivery" is airing regionally on PBS stations across the nation.
Official site.
SpeedyDeliveryMovie.com The official site of "Speedy Delivery"

</doc>
<doc id="20089035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089035" title="Blanking">
Blanking

Blanking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20089043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089043" title="Anthony Maher">
Anthony Maher

Anthony Maher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20089113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089113" title="Arnold Galiffa">
Arnold Galiffa

Arnold Anthony Galiffa (born January 29, 1927 – September 5, 1978) was a quarterback for the National Football League and Canadian Football League. He won 11 varsity letters at West Point and served with distinction as an officer in the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="20089159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089159" title="Puerto Teresa Rio Yata">
Puerto Teresa Rio Yata

Puerto Teresa Rio Yata is a newly built community located in the northeast region of the Beni Department on the Bolivian PacificAtlantic highway and on the Rio Yata, a tributary of the Beni River. It is part of the community of Santa Rosa de Yacuma in the José Ballivián Province of the Beni Department. It was founded on September 17, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20089253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089253" title="Biarum">
Biarum

Biarum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It is composed of about 23 species of plants that are endemic to the Middle East, Europe, and North Africa. Biarum are often found growing in rock crevices and graveled soil composed largely of limestone. 
The leaves of Biarum can be similar to grass or even oval. Their corms are spherical and the plants as a whole tend to be small. Many Biarum are quite similar in appearance to Arums. To flower Biarum require a dry rest period during summer. Their inflorescence tend to grow close to the ground and produce an extremely intense and unpleasant odor. The fruits produced tend to be camouflaged so as to resemble stones. It's not entirely known how they are dispersed, but one idea is that they have evolved to avoid seed dispersal since doing so in such inhospitable environments might not be conducive to its reproduction.
References.
Bown, Deni (2000). "Aroids: Plants of the Arum Family". Timber Press. ISBN 0-88192-485-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20089277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089277" title="Hussein Hegazi">
Hussein Hegazi

Hussein Hegazi( (14 September 1891 – 8 October 1961) was an Egyptian international footballer who became the first African player to play in England after playing with Dulwich Hamlet and Fulham in 1911. Hegazi also played for Sekka, Al-Ahly and El Zamalek in Egypt, and participated at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20089293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089293" title="Christies Beach High School">
Christies Beach High School

Christies Beach High School is a public, government funded Trade high school of over 1200 students ranging from years 8 to 12. It is located in the Southern suburbs of Adelaide, the capital city of the state of South Australia in Australia.
The School is also the site of the Christies Beach Unit, a Special Education unit, and Southern Vocational College, an adult re-entry school.

</doc>
<doc id="20089319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089319" title="Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1985 TV series)">
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1985 TV series)

Sword Stained with Royal Blood is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title. It was first broadcast on TVB in Hong Kong in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20089328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089328" title="Ashes and Madness">
Ashes and Madness

Ashes and Madness is the second album released by the progressive power metal band Avian. It was released on September 30, 2008, in North America and to the rest of the world in January 2009 on Nightmare Records.
Track listing.
All tracks by Yan Leviathan

</doc>
<doc id="20089329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089329" title="Omro High School">
Omro High School

Omro High School is a public high school in Omro, Wisconsin.
History.
http://www.omro-wi.com/uploads/4/9/7/0/4970689/historic_walking_tour.pdf 
I found this brochure very interesting and useful.
Campus.
In 2001 a new elementary school was built along with an addition to the pre-existing high school. HB Patch houses K-2 students and served as one of three elementary schools before the construction of the current elementary school. Before the erection of the new elementary school, the three district K-5 schools were HB Patch, Enterprise, and Omro Junction. Upon completion of Omro Elementary, Omro Junction was sold to the state and Enterprise became a school for challenged and struggling students.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities include academic bowl, art club, audiovisual club, Badger Boys/Badger Girls, forensics, FBLA, FFA, history club, Key Club, math team, National Honor Society, O-Club (Varsity letter recipients), Students Against Destructive Decisions, ski club, Spanish club, and student council.
Athletics.
The Omro Foxes compete in the Wisconsin Flyway Conference. They formerly belonged to the Eastern Valley Conference and before that the East Central Flyway Conference. Omro High School fields teams in soccer, baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, dance, football, golf, powerlifting, softball, track & field, volleyball, and wrestling. An equestrian club/team began competition in fall 2008.
Every fall the Omro Foxes Football Team competes against the Winneconne Wolves for the coveted China Bull Trophy - one of the oldest football rivalries in the state of Wisconsin.
When in the ECC, under head coach Spencer Rolph, the boy's basketball team won 12 conference titles over a 15 year span. Their 2 state appearances came during this 15 year span. In 2007, by lead of senior Patrick Plank, the foxes track team won its first ECFC conference title and first WIAA sectional championship. In the fall of 2008, the foxes boy's soccer team won the schools first Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association (WIAA) regional championship. The soccer team broke their 3 year regional title match losing streak by winning 1-0. In 2010 the Powerlifting team captured its first ever state title. In the fall of 2010 the foxes football team made its return to the state playoffs after a 12 year draught. The team lost in the second round of the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20089342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089342" title="Ludi (disambiguation)">
Ludi (disambiguation)

Ludi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20089347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089347" title="List of Weatherman members">
List of Weatherman members

The Weather Underground, whose members were often called Weatherman, was a radical leftist organization founded in 1969 and active through 1980. The following is a list of some of the members of Weatherman.
Members.
The above list includes some people who were connected with Weatherman (the above-ground political grouping that preceded the Weather Underground Organization) but did not go underground to join the WUO.

</doc>
<doc id="20089367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089367" title="Hongzhang">
Hongzhang

Hong Zhang is a famous Singapore delicacy. The ingredients include octopus legs, pork skin, pepper and flour. After steaming the octopus, the dish is accompanied by a special sauce which include pork skin, pepper and flour. This chewy dish is common in Singapore and most traditional Chinese restaurants would serve it.
Preparation.
There are several ways to prepare this dish. However the most common way which people enjoyed is to steam it for half an hour. The octopus legs used should be around 1 cm-2 cm to be appropriate for the dish. Many variants of the dish include additional flavouring such as oyster sauce, broccoli etc.
Nutritional Value.
This dish is said to be extremely nutritious and can boost vitality. It is high in protein and Vitamins B and C. Traditionally, if someone is recovering from an illness, this dish would be consumed for quick recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20089370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089370" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Mary's County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Mary's County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Mary's County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 31 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 3 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20089400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089400" title="Bucephalandra">
Bucephalandra

Bucephalandra is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The genus derives its name from the Greek word for "bull's head" due to its horn shaped anthers. There are three species in Bucephalandra namely "Bucephalandra gigantea", "Bucephalandra motleyana", and "Bucephalandra catherineae". All of them are rheophytes from Borneo. Bucephalandra are found growing as dense mats over stones in streams.
References.
Bown, Deni (2000). "Aroids: Plants of the Arum Family". Timber Press. ISBN 0-88192-485-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20089405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089405" title="Metabolic advantage">
Metabolic advantage

Metabolic advantage is a term used in nutrition to describe the ability of a diet to achieve greater weight loss (or less weight gain) than another diet of equivalent calories. It is a claimed effect of low-carbohydrate diets and was popularised by the Atkins diet, but although several mechanisms exist to make it biologically plausible, it has yet to be definitively demonstrated as a significant factor in weight control. Some studies that have specifically measured the changes in basal metabolic rate under isocaloric very high-fat and very high-carbohydrate diets have failed to find any statistically significant differences.
Cause.
The human body obtains the majority of its energy through the citric acid cycle, which can use any of the macronutrients to generate adenosine triphosphate (ATP) used to transport chemical energy within cells. The chemical processes involved use energy themselves, so variations in the efficiency of these processes will have the same effect as variations in caloric intake.
Gluconeogenesis.
The human body requires glucose for the brain and nervous system, and a diet that has very few or no dietary carbohydrates forces it to generate this glucose from protein through gluconeogenesis, with an efficiency of approximately 57% (protein and carbohydrate are approximately equal in calorific value; each has about four kilocalories per gram, but gluconeogenesis can produce only 57g of glucose from 100g of protein). This could be a significant contributor to metabolic advantage.

</doc>
<doc id="20089455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089455" title="Metroad 7 (Brisbane)">
Metroad 7 (Brisbane)

The M7/A7 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, is a major urban road corridor. It extends from the M2/M7 Ipswich Motorway/Logan Motorway junction at Gailes via Ipswich Road at Woolloongabba, Clem Jones Tunnel and Airport Link to the junction with Southern Cross Way which links with the Gateway Motorway.
The full route, completed in 2012, comprise:

</doc>
<doc id="20089481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089481" title="Olympique de Paris">
Olympique de Paris

Olympique de Paris was a French association football team based in Paris which existed from 1895 to 1926. Founded with the name Olympique de Pantin, it won the Coupe de France in 1918 and played in the finals in 1919 and 1921. It merged with Red Star Saint-Ouen in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20089498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089498" title="Uni-Trade Stadium">
Uni-Trade Stadium

The Uni-Trade Stadium is a baseball ballpark in Laredo, Texas. The stadium is home to the Laredo Lemurs, a baseball team in the American Association and the Laredo Roses, a women's full contact American football team in the Sugar N Spice Football League. The stadium is also used for youth soccer leagues, youth and prep baseball games and concerts.
History.
The Laredo Ballpark project was first approved by the city council and was voted in favor of (with 61.32% of the votes in favor 38.68% against) constructing it with money collected by a .25% sales tax increase for the LEC since 2004 of which there is a surplus of about $18 million. The project consisted of building a new multiuse Baseball field near the Laredo Energy Arena (LEA). On December 9, 2011, it was announced that the stadium would be named Uni-Trade Stadium, after Uni-Trade Forwarding LLC, a local freight forwarder. The park opened on May 17, 2012, with the Lemurs defeating the defending American Association champion Grand Prairie AirHogs 5-1 in front of a crowd of 5,923.
Field.
The baseball field playing surface was designed and built by sports field contractor Texas Multi-Chem, out of Kerrville, TX. The baseball field's natural grass surface is TifSport hybrid bermuda and the root zone consists of an 8" layer of USGA sand and Dakota peat. The field also contains an internal drainage system to help avoid rain outs.

</doc>
<doc id="20089519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089519" title="Samanta Schweblin">
Samanta Schweblin

Samanta Schweblin was born in Buenos Aires in 1978. In 2001 she was granted her first award by the Fondo Nacional de las Artes (national Fund of the Arts). In that same year, her first book "El núcleo del Disturbio" (Planeta, 2002) garnered her the first prize of the Concurso Nacional Haroldo Conti. (National Contest Haroldo Conti). In 2008 she obtained the prize "Casa de las Americas" for her storybook "La Furia de las pestes", soon to be published. She was included in the anthologies "Quand elles se glissent dans la peau d'un homme" (Éditions Michalon, Francia. 2007), "Una terraza propia" (Norma, 2006), "La joven guardia" (Norma, 2005), "Cuentos Argentinos" (Siruela, España 2004), among others. Some of her stories have already been translated into the English, French, Serbian and Swedish and published in magazines and other cultural forums. An English translation of her story "Killing a Dog" was published in the Summer 2009 issue of the London-based quarterly newspaper The Drawbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20089536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089536" title="Eugène Langenove">
Eugène Langenove

Eugène Langenove (born 1898) was a French footballer. He became the first Frenchman to play league football in England when he signed for Walsall in 1922. He participated in the Coupe de France Final 1921 with Olympique de Paris. Georges Crozier, who played for Fulham in the Southern League between 1904 and 1906, was the first Frenchman to play in England.

</doc>
<doc id="20089567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089567" title="Extreme points of Hungary">
Extreme points of Hungary

This is a list of the extreme points of Hungary: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points.

</doc>
<doc id="20089569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089569" title="Instant-runoff voting">
Instant-runoff voting

Instant-runoff voting (IRV), alternative vote (AV), transferable vote, ranked choice voting, or preferential voting is an electoral system used to elect a single winner from a field of more than two candidates. It is a preferential voting system in which voters rank the candidates in order of preference rather than voting for a single candidate.
Ballots are initially distributed based on each elector's first preference. If a candidate secures more than half of votes cast, that candidate wins. Otherwise, the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated. Ballots assigned to the eliminated candidate are recounted and assigned to those of the remaining candidates who rank next in order of preference on each ballot. This process continues until one candidate wins by obtaining more than half the votes.
IRV has the effect of avoiding split votes and the need for electors to vote "strategically" for candidates who are not their first choice. For example; suppose there are two similar party candidates A & B, and a third opposing candidate C, with raw popularity of 35%, 25% and 40% respectively. In a Plurality voting system candidate C may win with 40% of the votes, even though most electors prefer A and B, over less popular candidate C. Alternatively, voters are pressured to choose the likely stronger candidate of either A or B, despite personal preference for the other, in order to help ensure defeat of C. It is often the resulting situation that candidate A or B would never get to ballot, whereas voters would be presented a two candidate choice. With IRV, the elector can allocate their preferences B, A, C and then A will win despite the split vote in first choices.
Instant runoff voting is used to elect members of the Australian House of Representatives and most Australian State Governments, the President of India, members of legislative councils in India, the President of Ireland, and the parliament in Papua New Guinea. It is also used in Northern Ireland by-elections and for electing hereditary peers for the British House of Lords.
The system is also used in local elections around the world: to elect the mayor in cities such as London in the United Kingdom (in the variant known as supplementary vote) and Dunedin and Wellington in New Zealand. Variations of instant-runoff voting are employed by several jurisdictions in the United States, including San Francisco, San Leandro, and Oakland in California; Portland, Maine; Minneapolis and Saint Paul in Minnesota. The single transferable vote, a multi-seat form of IRV, is used in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It is used to elect the leaders of the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom and was used in elections in 2013 for the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and in Canada's New Democratic Party leadership election, 2012.
Many private associations also use IRV, including the Hugo Awards for science fiction and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in selection of the Oscar for best picture.
Terminology.
Instant runoff voting derives its name from how ballot-count simulates a series of Two-round system runoffs except that voter preference do not change between rounds.
Australians, who use IRV for most single winner elections, and Canadians call IRV "preferential voting," as does Robert's Rules of Order. The British call IRV "the alternative vote." Americans in San Francisco, California and Minneapolis, Minnesota call IRV "ranked choice voting." IRV occasionally is referred to as Ware's method after its inventor, American William Robert Ware.
North Carolina law uses "instant runoff" to describe the contingent vote or "batch elimination" form of IRV in one-seat elections. A single second round of counting produces the top two candidates for a runoff election.
When the single transferable vote (STV) system is applied to a single-winner election it becomes IRV. Some Irish observers mistakenly call IRV "proportional representation" based on the fact that the same ballot form is used to elect its president by IRV and parliamentary seats by STV, but IRV is a winner-take-all election method.
History.
Instant runoff voting was devised in 1871 by American architect William Robert Ware, although it is, in effect, a special case of the single transferable vote system, which emerged independently in the 1850s. Unlike the single transferable vote in multi-seat elections, however, the only ballot transfers are from backers of candidates who have been eliminated.
The first known use of an IRV-like system in a governmental election was in 1893 in an election for the colonial government of Queensland, in Australia. The variant used for this election was a "contingent vote". IRV in its true form was first used in 1908 in a State election in Western Australia.
IRV was introduced nationally in Australia in 1918 after the Swan by-election, in response to the rise of the conservative Country Party, representing small farmers. The Country Party split the anti-Labor vote in conservative country areas, allowing Labor candidates to win on a minority vote. The conservative government of Billy Hughes introduced preferential voting as a means of allowing competition between the two conservative parties without putting seats at risk. It was first used at the Corangamite by-election on 14 December 1918. Thomas Hare and Andrew Inglis Clark had previously introduced it in the Tasmanian House of Assembly.
Election procedure.
Process.
In instant runoff voting, as with other ranked election methods, each voter ranks the list of candidates in order of preference. Under a common ballot layout, the voter marks a '1' beside the most preferred candidate, a '2' beside the second-most preferred, and so forth, in ascending order. This is shown in the example Australian ballot above.
The mechanics of the process are the same regardless of how many candidates the voter ranks, and how many are left unranked. In some implementations, the voter ranks as many or as few choices as they wish, while in other implementations the voter is "required" to rank either all candidates, or a prescribed number of them.
In the initial count, the first preference of each voter is counted and used to order the candidates. Each first preference counts as one vote for the appropriate candidate. Once all the first preferences are counted, if one candidate holds a majority, that candidate wins. Otherwise the candidate who holds the fewest first preferences is eliminated. If there is an exact tie for last place in numbers of votes, tie-breaking rules determine which candidate to eliminate. Some jurisdictions eliminate all low-ranking candidates simultaneously whose combined number of votes is fewer than the number of votes received by the lowest remaining candidates.
Ballots assigned to eliminated candidates are recounted and assigned to one of the remaining candidates based on the next preference on each ballot. The process repeats until one candidate achieves a majority of votes cast for continuing candidates. Ballots that
'exhaust' all their preferences (all its ranked candidates are eliminated) are set aside.
In Australian elections the allocation of preferences is performed efficiently at the polling booth by having the returning officer pre-declare the two likely winners. (In the event that the returning officer is wrong the votes need to be recounted.)
Ballots.
As seen above, voters in an IRV election rank candidates on a preferential ballot. IRV systems in use in different countries vary both as to ballot design and as to whether or not voters are obliged to provide a full list of preferences. In elections such as those for the President of Ireland and the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, voters are permitted to rank as many (or as few) candidates as they wish. This is known in Australia as optional preferential voting.
Under optional preferential voting, voters may make only a first choice, known as "bullet voting". Allowing voters to rank only as many candidates as they wish may better reflect their preferences, but may result in ballot exhaustion (where all the voters preferences are eliminated before a candidate is elected).
One IRV variant requires voters to express an order of preference for every candidate and thus they consider ballots that do not contain a complete ordering of all candidates to be spoilt. In Australia this variant is known as 'full preferential voting'. This can become burdensome in elections with many candidates and can lead to 'donkey voting' in which the voter simply chooses candidates at random or in top-to-bottom order. variant is used in some Australian federal elections and some state elections.
Candidate order on the ballot paper.
The common way to list candidates on a ballot paper is alphabetically or by random lot. In some cases candidates may also be grouped by political party. Alternatively, Robson Rotation involves randomly changing candidate order for each print run.
Party strategies.
Where preferential voting is used for the election of an assembly or council, parties and candidates often advise their supporters on their lower preferences, especially in Australia where a voter must rank all candidates to cast a valid ballot. This can lead to "preference deals", a form of pre-election bargaining, in which smaller parties agree to direct their voters in return for support from the winning party on issues critical to the small party. However, this relies on the assumption that supporters of a minor party will mark preferences for another party based on the advice that they have been given.
Counting logistics.
Most IRV elections historically have been tallied by hand, including in elections to Australia's House of Representatives and most state governments. In the modern era, voting equipment can be used to administer the count either partially or fully.
In Australia, the returning officer now usually declares the two candidates that are most likely to win each seat. The votes are always counted by hand at the polling booth monitored by scrutineers from each candidate. The first part of the count is to record the first choice for all candidates. Votes for candidates other than the two likely winners are then allocated to them in a second pass. The whole process of counting the votes by hand and allocating preferences is typically completed within a two hours on election night at a cost of $7.68 per elector in 2010 to run the entire election.
Ireland in its presidential elections has several dozen counting centers around the nation. Each center reports its totals and receives instructions from the central office about which candidate or candidates to eliminate in the next round of counting based on which candidate is in last place. The count typically is completed the day after the election, as in 1997.
In the United States, California cities such as Oakland and San Francisco administer IRV elections on voting machines, with optical scanning machines recording preferences and software tallying the IRV algorithm. Cary, North Carolina's pilot program in 2007 tallied first choices on optical scan equipment at the polls and then used a central hand-count for the IRV tally. Portland, Maine in 2011 was due to use its usual voting machines to tally first choice at the polls, then a central scan with different equipment if an IRV tally was necessary.
Examples.
Some examples of IRV elections are given below. The first two are fictional and depicts the principle of IRV. The others are the results of real elections.
Five voters, three candidates.
A simple example is provided in the accompanying table. Three candidates are running for election, Bob, Bill and Sue. There are five voters, "a" through "e." The voters each have one vote. They rank the candidates first, second and third in the order they prefer them. To win, a candidate must have a majority of vote; that is, three or more.
In Round 1, the first choice rankings are tallied, with the results that Bob and Sue both have two votes and Bill has one. No candidate has a majority, so a second "instant runoff" round is required. Since Bill is in third place, he is eliminated. The ballot ranking him first is added to the totals of the candidate listed second. This results in the Round 2 votes as seen below. This gives Sue 3 votes, which is a majority.
Tennessee capital election.
Most instant runoff voting elections are won by the candidate who leads in first choice rankings. In this case, IRV chooses the same winner as first-past-the-post voting. Some IRV elections are won by a candidate who finishes second after the first round count. In this case, IRV chooses the same winner as a two-round system if all voters were to vote again and maintain their same preferences. A candidate may also win who is in third place or lower after the first count, but gains majority support in the final round. In such cases, IRV would choose the same winner as a multi-round system that eliminated the last-place candidate before each new vote, assuming all voters kept voting and maintained their same preferences. Here is an example of this last case that may not reflect how IRV typically works in practice, but provides a means to explain different voting methods.
In the first round no city gets a majority:
If one of the cities had achieved a majority vote (more than half), the election would end there. Likewise, in first-past-the-post voting, the election would be over, with Memphis winning with the largest number of votes. But IRV does not allow a candidate to win on the first round without having an absolute majority of the vote. With 42% of the electorate voting "for" Memphis – 58% of the electorate voted "against" Memphis in this first round.
So we move to the second round of tabulation to determine which of the front-running cities had broader support. Chattanooga received the fewest number of votes in the first round, so it is eliminated. The ballots that listed Chattanooga as “first-choice” are added to the totals of the second-choice selection on each ballot. Everything else stays the same.
Chattanooga’s 15% votes are added to the second choices according of the voters for whom that city was first-choice (in this example Knoxville):
In the first round, Memphis was first, Nashville was second and Knoxville was third. With Chattanooga eliminated and its votes redistributed, the second round finds Memphis still in first place, followed by Knoxville in second and Nashville has moved down to third place. No city yet has secured a majority of votes, so we move to the third round with the elimination of Nashville, and it becomes a contest between Memphis and Knoxville.
As in the second round with Chattanooga, all of the ballots currently counting for Nashville are added to the totals of Memphis or Knoxville based on which city is ranked next on that ballot. In this example the second-choice of the Nashville voters is Chattanooga, which is already eliminated. Therefore the votes are added to their third-choice: Knoxville.
The third round of tabulation yields the following result:
Result: Knoxville, which was running third in the first tabulation, has moved up from behind to take first place in the third and final round. The winner of the election is Knoxville. However, if (at least 6%) voters in Memphis were to put Nashville first, the winner would be Nashville, a preferable outcome for voters in Memphis. This is an example of potential tactical voting, if one that would be difficult for voters to carry out in practice. Also, if (at least 17%) voters in Memphis were to stay away from voting—once again, unrealistic in practice—the winner would be Nashville. This is an example of IRV failing the participation criterion.
For comparison, note that traditional first-past-the-post voting would elect Memphis, even though most citizens consider it the worst choice, because 42% is larger than any other single city. As Nashville is a Condorcet winner, would elect Nashville. A two-round system would have a runoff between Memphis and Nashville where Nashville would win, too.
2006 Burlington mayoral election.
In 2006 the U.S. city of Burlington, Vermont, held a mayoral election using instant runoff voting. Progressive Bob Kiss won in two rounds with 48.6% of the first round ballots, defeating Democrat Hinda Miller who achieved 40.7%. 10.6% (1,031) of the ballots were exhausted before the final round, because those voters (largely backers of Republican candidate Kevin Curley) offered no preference between the final two candidates, Miller and Kiss.
After the first round, all but two candidates were eliminated, as their combined vote total (2,863) was less than Miller's, so that none could pull ahead of Miller, even by receiving every vote from the other minor candidates. The votes for these candidates were recounted and redistributed between Kiss and Miller. After the second round count, Kiss was declared the winner as he had obtained a majority (54.4%) of the remaining unexhausted ballots.
1990 Irish presidential election.
The result of the 1990 Irish presidential election provides an example of how instant runoff voting can produce a different result than first-past-the-post voting. The three candidates were Brian Lenihan of the traditionally dominant Fianna Fáil party, Austin Currie of Fine Gael, and Mary Robinson, nominated by the Labour Party and the Worker's Party. After the first round, Lenihan had the largest share of the first choice rankings (and hence would have won a first-past-the-post vote), but no candidate attained the necessary majority. Currie was eliminated and his votes reassigned to the next choice ranked on each ballot; in this process, Robinson received 82% of Currie's votes, thereby overtaking Lenihan.
Voting system criteria.
Scholars rate voting systems using mathematically derived voting system criteria, which describe desirable features of a system. No ranked preference method can meet all of the criteria, because some of them are mutually exclusive, as shown by statements such as Arrow's impossibility theorem and the Gibbard-Satterthwaite theorem.
Many of the mathematical criteria by which voting systems are compared were formulated for voters with ordinal preferences. If voters vote according to the same ordinal preferences in both rounds, criteria can be applied to two-round systems of runoffs, and in that case, each of the criteria failed by IRV is also failed by the two-round system as they relate to automatic elimination of trailing candidates. Partial results exist for other models of voter behavior in the two-round system: see the two-round system article's criterion compliance section for more information.
The criteria that IRV meets, and those that it does not, are listed below.
Condorcet winner criterion.
IRV is more likely to elect the Condorcet winner than plurality voting and traditional runoff elections. The California cities of Oakland, San Francisco and San Leandro in 2010 provide an example; there were a total of four elections in which the plurality voting leader in first choice rankings was defeated, and in each case the IRV winner was the Condorcet winner, including a San Francisco election in which the IRV winner was in third place in first choice rankings.
Comparison to other voting systems.
Comparison of mechanics.
The elimination of the candidate with the most last-place rankings, rather than the one with the fewest first-place rankings, is called Coombs' method.
Universal assignment of numerical values to the ranks is used in the Borda count method. Individual assignment of numerical values to the ranks is used in range voting. Approval voting is range voting with only two available values.
The use of single transferable vote, a.k.a. Hare-Clark, in a single-member district is equivalent to IRV.
Resistance to tactical voting.
The Gibbard–Satterthwaite theorem demonstrates that no voting system using only the preference rankings of the voters can be entirely immune from tactical voting unless it is dictatorial (there is only one person who is able to choose the winner) or incorporates an element of chance. This implies that IRV is susceptible to tactical voting in some circumstances.
Nonetheless, IRV is considered one of the less-manipulable voting systems, with theorist Nicolaus Tideman noting that, "alternative vote is quite resistant to strategy" and Australian political analyst Antony Green dismissing suggestions of tactical voting. James Green-Armytage finds the alternative vote to be second most resistant to tactical voting among the methods tested, only beaten by a class of AV-Condorcet hybrids, although the alternative vote resists strategic withdrawal by candidates less well.
By not meeting the monotonicity, Condorcet winner, and participation criteria, IRV permits forms of tactical voting when voters have sufficient information about other voters' preferences, such as from accurate pre-election polling. FairVote mentions that monotonicity failure can lead to situations where "Having more voters rank candidate first, can cause [them to switch from being a winner to being a loser." That assessment is accurate, although it only happens in particular situations. The change in lower candidates is important: whether votes are shifted to the leading candidate, shifted to a fringe candidate, or discarded altogether is of no importance.
Tactical voting in IRV seeks to alter the order of eliminations in early rounds, to ensure that the original winner is challenged by a stronger opponent in the final round. For example, in a three-party election where voters for both the left and right prefer the centrist candidate to stop the "enemy" candidate winning, those voters who care more about defeating the "enemy" than electing their own candidate may cast a tactical first preference vote for the centrist candidate.
The 2009 mayoral election in Burlington, Vermont provides an example in which strategy theoretically could have worked but would have been unlikely in practice. In that election, most supporters of the candidate who came in second (a Republican who led in first choices) preferred the Condorcet winner, a Democrat, to the IRV winner, the Progressive Party nominee. If about 20% of the backers of the Republican candidate had insincerely raised the Democrat from their second choice to their first, the Republican would have dropped from first to third in first choices, and the Democrat would then have won the instant runoff. But given that the Republican was a strong candidate who nearly won in the instant runoff, few of his backers would have risked giving up on his candidacy based on a chance, unknown before the fact, to elect the compromise Condorcet winner.
Spoiler effect.
The spoiler effect is where two or more politically similar candidates divide the vote for the more popular end of the political spectrum. That is, each receives fewer votes than a single opponent on the unpopular end of the spectrum who is disliked by the majority of voters but who wins from the advantage that, on that unpopular side, he or she is unopposed.
Proponents of IRV note that by reducing the spoiler effect, IRV makes it safe to vote honestly for marginal parties, and so discourages tactical voting: under a plurality system, voters who sympathize most strongly with a marginal candidate are strongly encouraged to instead vote for a more popular candidate who shares some of the same principles, since that candidate has a much greater chance of being elected and a vote for the fringe candidate is largely wasted.
An IRV system reduces this problem, since the voter can rank the marginal candidate first and the mainstream candidate second; in the likely event that the fringe candidate is eliminated, the vote is not wasted but is transferred to the second preference. However, in the event that the fringe candidate is not eliminated immediately, there is an increased chance for the mainstream candidate to lose, especially when multiple fringe candidates are running. If that happens, the opposing mainstream candidate has a much easier path to victory. As a result, voting honestly for a fringe candidate is unlikely to benefit the voter, and may backfire.
In Australia's national elections in 2007, the average number of candidates in a district was seven, and at least four candidates ran in every district; notwithstanding the fact that Australia only has two major political parties. Every seat was won with a majority of the vote, including several where results would have been different under plurality voting. While IRV reduces the severity of the spoiler effect compared to plurality voting, the problem still persists.
Proportionality.
IRV is not a proportional voting system. Like all winner-take-all voting systems, IRV tends to exaggerate the number of seats won by the largest parties; small parties without majority support in any given constituency are unlikely to earn seats in a legislature, although their supporters will be more likely to be part of the final choice between the two strongest candidates. A simulation of IRV in the 2010 UK general election by the Electoral Reform Society concluded that the election would have altered the balance of seats between the three main parties, but the number of seats won by minor parties would have remained unchanged.
Australia, a nation with a long record of using IRV for election of legislative bodies, has had representation in its parliament broadly similar to that expected by plurality systems. Medium-sized parties, such as the National Party of Australia, can co-exist with coalition partners such as the Liberal Party of Australia, and can compete against it without fear of losing seats to other parties due to vote splitting. IRV is more likely to result in legislatures where no single party has an absolute majority of seats (a hung parliament), but does not generally produce as fragmented a legislature as a fully proportional system, such as is used for the House of Representatives of the Netherlands or the New Zealand House of Representatives, where coalitions of numerous small parties are needed for a majority.
Costs.
The costs of printing and counting ballot papers for an IRV election are no different from those of any other system using the same technology. However, the more-complicated counting system may encourage officials to introduce more advanced technology such as software counters or electronic voting machines. Pierce County, Washington election officials outlined one-time costs of $857,000 to implement IRV for its elections in 2008, covering software and equipment, voter education and testing. In 2009 the auditor of Washington counties reported that the ongoing costs of the system were not necessarily balanced by the costs of eliminating runoffs for most county offices, because those elections may be needed for other offices not elected by IRV. Other jurisdictions have reported immediate cost savings.
Australian elections are counted by hand. The 2010 federal election cost a total of $7.68 per elector of which only a small proportion is the actual counting of votes. Counting is now normally performed in a single pass at the polling center as described above.
The perceived costs or cost savings of adopting an IRV system are commonly used by both supporters and critics. In the 2011 referendum on the Alternative Vote in the UK, the NOtoAV campaign launched with a claim that adopting the system would cost £250 million; commentators argued that this headline figure had been inflated by including £82 million for the cost of the referendum itself, and a further £130 million on the assumption that the UK would need to introduce electronic voting systems, when ministers had confirmed that there was no intention of implementing such technology, whatever the outcome of the election. Automated vote counting is seen by some to have a greater potential for election fraud; IRV supporters counter these claims with recommended audit procedures, or note that automated counting is not required for the system at all.
Because it does not require two separate votes, IRV is accepted to cost less than two-round primary/general or general/runoff election systems.
Negative campaigning.
John Russo, Oakland City Attorney, argued in the Oakland Tribune on 24 July 2006 that "Instant runoff voting is an antidote to the disease of negative campaigning. IRV led to San Francisco candidates campaigning more cooperatively. Under the system, their candidates were less likely to engage in negative campaigning because such tactics would risk alienating the voters who support 'attacked' candidates", reducing the chance that they would support the attacker as a second or third choice.
No formal studies have been conducted in the United States. Internationally, Benjamin Reilly suggests instant runoff voting eases ethnic conflict in divided societies. This feature was a leading argument for why Papua New Guinea adopted instant runoff voting.
Critics allege there is a lack of evidence that such an effect occurs as often as suggested. Indeed, Lord Alexander's objections to the conclusions of the British Independent Commission on the Voting System's report cites the example of Australia saying "their politicians tend to be, if anything, more blunt and outspoken than our own."
Plural voting.
In Ann Arbor, Michigan arguments over IRV in letters to newspapers included the belief that IRV "gives minority candidate voters two votes," because some voters' ballots may count for their first choice in the first round and a lesser choice in a later round. The argument that IRV represents plural voting is sometimes used in arguments over the 'fairness' of the system, and has led to several legal challenges in the United States. The argument was addressed and rejected by a Michigan court in 1975; in "Stephenson v. the Ann Arbor Board of City Canvassers", the court held "majority preferential voting" (as IRV was then known) to be in compliance with the Michigan and United States constitutions, writing:
Invalid ballots and exhausted ballots.
Because the ballot marking is more complex, there can be an increase in spoiled ballots. In Australia, voters are required to write a number beside every candidate, and error rates can be five times higher than plurality voting elections Since Australia has compulsory voting, however, it is difficult to tell how many ballots are deliberately spoiled. Most jurisdictions with IRV do not require complete rankings and may use columns to indicate preference instead of numbers. In American elections with IRV, more than 99% of voters typically cast a valid ballot.
Robert's Rules of Order.
The sequential elimination method used by IRV is described in "Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised, 10th edition." as an example of "preferential voting", a term covering "any of a number of voting methods by which, on a single ballot when there are more than two possible choices, the second or less-preferred choices of voters can be taken into account if no candidate or proposition attains a majority. While it is more complicated than other methods of voting in common use and is not a substitute for the normal procedure of repeated balloting until a majority is obtained, preferential voting is especially useful and fair in an election by mail if it is impractical to take more than one ballot. In such cases it makes possible a more representative result than under a rule that a plurality shall elect..."Preferential voting has many variations. One method is described ... by way of illustration." And then the instant runoff voting method is detailed.
"Robert's Rules" continues: "The system of preferential voting just described should not be used in cases where it is possible to follow the normal procedure of repeated balloting until one candidate or proposition attains a majority. Although this type of preferential ballot is preferable to an election by plurality, it affords less freedom of choice than repeated balloting, because it denies voters the opportunity of basing their second or lesser choices on the results of earlier ballots, and because the candidate or proposition in last place is automatically eliminated and may thus be prevented from becoming a compromise choice." Two other books on parliamentary procedure take a similar stance, disapproving of plurality voting and describing preferential voting as an option, if authorized in the bylaws, when repeated balloting is impractical: The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure and Riddick's Rules of Procedure.
Global use.
Australia.
Instant-runoff voting is used for national elections in Australia to elect members of the Australian House of Representatives. The Australian Senate uses a modified form, combining it with a proportional representation system (the Single transferable vote); candidates are eliminated until the remaining parties can be said to have a sufficient proportion of the vote to earn a seat. Most state and council elections also use the system.
Canada.
IRV is used to elect the leaders of two largest federal political parties in Canada, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada. The New Democratic Party of Canada uses a multi-round system, with the option for advance voters of using a preferential ballot that operates for them as an IRV ballot. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper won an IRV election to become party leader in the 2004 leadership election. In 2013, the Liberal Party picked Justin Trudeau with IRV in a national primary.
Czech Republic.
IRV is used to elect leaders of the Green party.
Hong Kong.
IRV is used to elect a small number of functional constituencies of the Legislative Council, all of which have very small electorates.
India.
IRV is used in numerous electoral college environments, including the election of the President of India by the members of the Parliament of India and of the Vidhan Sabhas – the state legislatures.
Ireland.
While most elections in the Republic of Ireland uses the single transferable vote (STV), in single-winner contests this reduces to IRV. This is the case in all Presidential elections and Seanad panel by-elections, and most Dáil by-elections In the rare event of multiple simultaneous vacancies in a single Dáil constituency, a single STV by-election may be held; for Seanad panels, multiple IRV by-elections are held.
New Zealand.
IRV is used in the elections of mayors and councillors in single-member wards in some New Zealand cities such as Dunedin and Wellington. Multi-member wards in these cities use STV.
IRV, under the name Alternative Vote, was one of the four alternative systems available (alongside MMP, STV and SM) in the 1992 referendum on the voting method to elect MP's to the New Zealand House of Representatives. It came third of the alternative systems (ahead of SM) with 6.6% of the vote. IRV, under the name Preferential Vote, was one of the four alternative systems choices presented in the 2011 voting method referendum, but the referendum resulted in New Zealanders choosing to keep their proportional system of representation instead, while IRV came last with 8.34%.
Papua New Guinea.
Since 2003 the national parliament of Papua New Guinea has been elected using an IRV variant called Limited Preferential Voting, where voters are limited to ranking three candidates.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom the system is commonly known as the alternative vote. It is used to elect the leaders of the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats. (The leader of the Conservative Party is elected under a similar system, a variant of the exhaustive ballot.) It is also used for by-elections to the British House of Lords, in which hereditary peers are selected for that body. AV is also used by members of parliament to elect the chairmen of select committees and the Speaker of the House of Lords. The Speaker of the House of Commons is elected by the exhaustive ballot.
In 2010, the Conservative—Liberal Democrat coalition government agreed to hold a national referendum on the alternative vote, held on 5 May 2011. The proposal would have affected the way in which Members of Parliament are elected to the British House of Commons at Westminster. The result of the referendum was a vote against adoption of the alternative vote by a margin of 67.9 percent to 32.1 percent.
United States.
IRV is used by several jurisdictions in the United States, including San Francisco and Oakland, California, and Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota. United States private associations that use IRV include the Hugo Awards for science fiction, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in selection of the Oscar for Best Picture, and more than fifty colleges and universities for student elections.
Similar systems.
Runoff voting.
The term "instant runoff voting" is derived from the name of a class of voting systems called runoff voting. In runoff voting voters do not rank candidates in order of preference on a single ballot. Instead a similar effect is achieved by using multiple rounds of voting. All multi-round runoff voting systems allow voters to change their preferences in each round, incorporating the results of the prior round to influence their decision. This is not possible in IRV, as participants vote only once, and this prohibits certain forms of tactical voting that can be prevalent in 'standard' runoff voting.
Exhaustive ballot.
A system closer to IRV is the exhaustive ballot. In this system—one familiar to fans of the television show American Idol—one candidate is eliminated after each round, and many rounds of voting are used, rather than just two. Because holding many rounds of voting on separate days is generally expensive, the exhaustive ballot is not used for large scale, public elections.
Two-round systems.
The simplest form of runoff voting is the two-round system, which typically excludes all but two candidates after the first round, rather than gradually eliminating candidates over a series of rounds. Eliminations can occur with or without allowing and applying preference votes to choose the final two candidates. A second round of voting or counting is only necessary if no candidate receives an overall majority of votes. This system is used in France and the Finnish presidential election.
Contingent vote.
The contingent vote, also known as Top-two IRV, or "batch-style", is the same as IRV except that if no candidate achieves a majority in the first round of counting, all but the two candidates with the most votes are eliminated, and the second preferences for those ballots are counted. As in IRV, there is only one round of voting.
Under a variant of contingent voting used in Sri Lanka, and the elections for Mayor of London in the United Kingdom, voters rank a specified maximum number of candidates. In London, the Supplementary Vote allows voters to express first and second preferences only. Sri Lankan voters rank up to three candidates for the President of Sri Lanka.
While similar to "sequential-elimination" IRV, top-two can produce different results. Excluding more than one candidate after the first count might eliminate a candidate who would have won under sequential elimination IRV. Restricting voters to a maximum number of preferences is more likely to exhaust ballots if voters do not anticipate which candidates will finish in the top two. This can encourage voters to vote more tactically, by ranking at least one candidate they think is likely to win.
Conversely, a practical benefit of 'contingent voting' is expediency and confidence in the result with only two rounds. Particularly in elections with few (e.g., fewer than 100) voters, numerous ties can destroy confidence. Heavy use of tie-breaking rules leaves uncomfortable doubts over whether the winner might have changed if a recount had been performed.
Larger runoff process.
IRV may also be part of a larger runoff process:
The common feature of these IRV variations is the one vote is counted per ballot per round, with rules that eliminate the weakest candidate(s) in successive rounds. Most IRV implementations drop the "majority of cast ballots" requirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20089601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089601" title="The Little Theatre on the Square">
The Little Theatre on the Square

The Little Theatre on the Square is a theater in Sullivan, Illinois. It is located in the heart of Sullivan’s town square on Harrison Street. It is the only professional theater between Chicago and St. Louis.
History.
The theater originally opened in 1924 as a movie theater, called "The Grand Theatre." The Grand Theatre showed movies throughout the year, except during the summer months. It was in 1957 that Guy S. Little, Jr. came up with the idea of renting out the theater for the summer months to present plays. Renting the theater allowed him to begin fulfilling his lifelong dream of owning and operating a quality professional theater.
Entering into the first "Summer of Musicals," Little was fresh out of graduate school in New York where he had been studying and doing work in the professional theater. When Little began the theater, he called it "Summer of Musicals" until he actually purchased The Grand Theatre in 1963 and officially changed the name to "The Little Theatre on the Square." Mr. Little continued to bring many plays and musicals to the small town throughout his ownership of the theater.
After twenty-two years of operating the theater, Mr. Little announced that he would not be putting on a twenty-third season due to the cost of operation and salaries for the stars and supporting actors. Although the twenty-third season was not run by Little, it did occur thanks to Sullivan Theatre, Inc. which put on five shows for the season. With the resignation of Little, the theater went from an independently-owned business to a non-profit enterprise. The theater began operating as a not for profit organization in 1981 and continued to produce many plays and musicals. It was run by a board of trustees who represented the regional market area of Central Illinois. On a later, unknown date, The Little Theater on the Square Inc. purchased the building from Mr. Little and began renovations to surrounding buildings. The year after purchasing the theater, the board decided to purchase adjoining buildings that, once renovated, would house the ticket office, public restroom, and administrative offices. In the year 2000, the theater purchased another building that was used for rehearsal space, a dance studio, and apartments that would house the actors during their stay. Yet another building was purchased in 2001, this one was used for the technical production facility.
A digital archive of programs for most of The Little Theatre's shows is available online through a digital project of Eastern Illinois University's Booth Library in conjunction with the Consortium of Academic and Research Libraries in Illinois Digital Collections.
Outreach program.
The theater began an educational outreach program in 1997, in response to a request from the City of Sullivan Civic Center. The program was originally used to teach jazz, tap, and ballet classes and in 2000, a drama class was added. The mission of the Students’ Theatre Arts Reach (S.T.A.R.) is to provide educational opportunities in the Arts for people ages three through adult. The outreach program has over 275 students currently enrolled.
The outreach program was expanded in January, 2004 by adding a touring program to S.T.A.R. The program allowed the students participating in the program to tour to area schools and offer their performances. Recently S.T.A.R. has toured two productions and in total has reached over 26,000 students in the area.
S.T.A.R. offers different curriculum's for dance and drama. The dance curriculum involves a demanding approach to training that teaches the fundamentals of movement and technique. The demanding part of the training is balanced with the teacher's recognition that dancing should be fun yet challenging. There are various methods used in the dance training to keep the students interested and having fun. The drama curriculum involves the teaching of basic techniques that will encourage the imagination to grow and the student to develop confidence. There is also a combination dance/drama class that is offered. The combination class emphasizes the main points of both classes and brings them together into a single class.
Adopt a Seat.
In 2004, after the theater had finished renovations it began a program called "Adopt a Seat." It is a program for theater patrons that allows them to have their name, or the name of someone they want to honor, placed on the seating chart plaque that is located in the lobby. Patrons who wish to participate in this program are asked to donate $1000 to the operating budget and can do so over a three-year period. As of now, over one hundred patrons have agreed to participate in the Adopt-A-Seat program and the money has helped The Little Theatre with the cost of renovations and putting on shows.
Cast.
Many different actors, both famous and relatively unknown, have shown up on stage throughout the many seasons of the theater in Sullivan. In 1959, the theater became a part of the Actors' Equity Association and began featuring easily recognizable stars who were Equity members, along with others who were not Equity members. Guy Little, Jr. would choose his cast members, both Equity and non-Equity, from auditions in New York and Chicago during the off seasons. He averaged approximately thirty-five performers per show. A few of the bigger-name stars that have been seen on stage are Alan Alda, Ruth Warrick, Rosemary Prinz, Margaret Hamilton, Eddie Bracken, Joe E. Brown, Margaret Truman, Ann B. Davis, Don Hastings, John Carradine, Dennis Weaver, Robert Reed, Cesar Romero, Betty Ann Grove, Patricia Morrison, Ron Ely, Betty Grable, Virginia Graham, Bill Hayes, Ann Miller, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Mickey Rooney, Kathryn Crosby, Kitty Carlisle, Robert Newman, and many more.
The Little Theatre continued to feature big names after Little left the theatre in 1978. A few of the recent names to show up at the theatre are Doug Wilson, Cindy Williams, and Eddie Mekka.
Actors and appearances.
Rosemary Prinz was a regular summer actress at the Little Theatre during the peak of her career. She performed in 1961, 1963-1967, 1969, 1972-1975, 1977, and 1982. She made her debut on Broadway in 1952 and had a role on the television show "As the World Turns" from 1956 to 1968.
John Carradine appeared twice on stage at the Little Theatre in 1965 (Oliver!) and 1966 (Dracula). He had already appeared in feature films such as "The Grapes of Wrath" in 1940 and "The Ten Commandments" in 1956. Throughout his career he appeared in 225 motion pictures.
Ann Miller appeared on stage in 1973 after her career had peaked. She had already appeared in 40 feature films from 1934 to 1973.
Mickey Rooney appeared at the theater in 1976 as the lead in "Three Goats and a Blanket". He had already appeared in 122 films and 2 television shows.
Kitty Carlisle appeared on stage at the theater in 1978 in "The Marriage-Go-Round". She had already appeared in four films and was a regular panelist on "To Tell the Truth" from 1957 to 1978.
First season vs. now.
The first Summer of Musicals, in 1957, featured nine shows in nine weeks with each show giving four performances, Thursday through Sunday. The tickets ranged in price from $.90 to $2.20. The final musical for the season, "Guys and Dolls", sold out and was the first one to force the balcony seats to open.
The 2009 season for The Little Theatre consisted of two off season performances, in March and April, and five regular season shows. The ticket prices ranged from $26 to $28 per show and season tickets could be purchased for $100. Each summer show runs for two weeks, Tuesday through Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="20089604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089604" title="Rebelution (band)">
Rebelution (band)

Rebelution is a rock, world, and reggae band formed in Santa Barbara, California. Current members of Rebelution are Eric Rachmany, Rory Carey, Wesley Finley, Marley D Williams, and Khris Royal.
Biography.
Rebelution is a band from Santa Barbara, California. Founding band members Eric Rachmany of San Francisco (vocals/guitar), Matt Velasquez (vocals/guitar, former), Rory Carey (keyboard) Wesley Finley of Prunedale (drums), and Marley D Williams of Point Arena (bass) met in college while residing in Isla Vista, a beach-side community in Santa Barbara.
Throughout 2004-2005, Rebelution began to build momentum through consistently playing local shows and by independently releasing an EP.
Rebelution released their first full-length album “Courage to Grow” in June 2007, which would become the breakthrough album for the band. The album was praised for its crafty melodies, socially-conscious lyrics, and savvy musicianship. “Courage to Grow” went on to garner mass downloads and radio play on stations such as San Francisco’s Live 105 where their single “Safe and Sound” was played on heavy rotation, with spins on San Diego’s 91X and Los Angeles’s KROQ. The album was selected as iTunes Editor’s Choice for Best Reggae Album of 2007. In addition, “Courage to Grow” peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard "Top Reggae Albums" chart.
Two years after their first album, Rebelution released their sophomore full-length album “Bright Side of Life.” On August 4, 2009 “Bright Side of Life” was officially released and dominated the iTunes charts, solidifying the 1 spot on iTunes in the reggae music genre, and the #3 spot for top albums downloaded in the United States in all genres of music. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard "Top Reggae Albums" chart and #34 on Billboard's top 200.
The release of “Bright Side of Life” marks the first release under Rebelution’s newly founded record label "87 Music" (named after their address while attending college at UCSB: 6587 Del Playa Drive), in association with Controlled Substance Sound Labs, the California based music collective.
The band also played at the Rothbury Music Festival, in the summer of 2009.
The band performed at the 2010 Harmony Festival in Santa Rosa, California along with other well-known acts such as The Expendables (American band), Slightly Stoopid and Lauryn Hill. They also performed at All Good Music Festival, Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, Austin City Limits and Wakarusa music festivals in 2010.
On January 10, 2012, Rebelution released their 3rd studio album, "Peace Of Mind", through their own label 87 Music. The label, in partnership with Controlled Substance Sound Labs, simultaneously released two additional versions of the entire record as a multi-length triple album. "Peace of Mind: Acoustic" features all twelve original album tracks stripped down acoustic as well as Peace of Mind: Dub remixed by Easy Star’s Michael Goldwasser (Dub Side of The Moon, Radiodread, Easy Star’s Lonely Hearts Dub Band). The album debuted at #13 on the Billboard top 200 charts, #1 Independent and #1 Reggae selling 16,000 copies its first week, despite giving away half the album free to their fans over the 6 weeks prior to release.

</doc>
<doc id="20089607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089607" title="Extreme points of England">
Extreme points of England

This is a list of the extreme points of England: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points.

</doc>
<doc id="20089615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089615" title="Junior Moore">
Junior Moore

Alvin Earl "Junior" Moore (born January 25, 1953 in Waskom, Texas) is a retired American professional baseball player. He was a third baseman and outfielder who appeared in 289 games in the Major Leagues for the Atlanta Braves (1976–1977) and Chicago White Sox (1978–1980). Moore batted and thew right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Moore was drafted by the Braves in the eleventh round (257th overall) of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft after graduating from John F. Kennedy High School of Richmond, California. He was nearing the end of his sixth season in minor league baseball when he was recalled from the Triple-A Richmond Braves and made his Major League debut on August 2, 1976, starting at third base against the San Diego Padres. Moore then spent the entire campaign with Atlanta, appearing in an MLB-career-high 112 games (and starting 92 games at third base). But he was released at the end of the season, and signed as a free agent by the White Sox. Moore then split between the ChiSox and the Triple-A Iowa Oaks before logging another full campaign, , in the Majors. Playing mostly as an outfielder, he appeared in 88 games, with 42 starts in the field. In his final big league season in , Moore again bounced between the White Sox and their Triple-A affiliate.
In his 289 big-league games, Moore collected 204 hits in 774 at bats, with 20 doubles and seven triples accompanying his seven home runs. He spent the final five seasons of his professional career in the Mexican League, retiring in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20089632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089632" title="Drinking with Jesus">
Drinking with Jesus

Drinking With Jesus is a 2009 album by the Red Elvises.

</doc>
<doc id="20089638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089638" title="Papyrus 68">
Papyrus 68

Papyrus 68 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_168, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the First Epistle to the Corinthians. The surviving texts of 1 Corinthians are verses 4:12-17; 4:19-5:3. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 7th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Location.
It is currently housed at the Russian National Library (Gr. 258B) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20089667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089667" title="List of Olivia Newton-John concert tours">
List of Olivia Newton-John concert tours

Olivia Newton-John has embarked on 18 concert tours in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20089677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089677" title="Test for Echo (song)">
Test for Echo (song)

"Test for Echo" is the title track and first single from Canadian rock band Rush's 16th studio album released in 1996. The song's lyrics were written by Neil Peart and Pye Dubois with music written by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson. The song reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song also peaked at #6 on the Canadian Singles Chart, which is the band's highest position on that chart since New World Man peaked at #1 in 1982. It was the band's fourth consecutive album to yield a chart-topper on this chart, along with "Stick it Out" from "Counterparts", "Show Don't Tell" from "Presto" and "Dreamline" from "Roll the Bones". 

</doc>
<doc id="20089715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089715" title="Jack Dorsey">
Jack Dorsey

Jack Dorsey (born November 19, 1976) is an American web developer and businessman widely known as a co-founder and co-creator of Twitter, and as the founder and CEO of Square, a mobile payments company. In 2008, he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35. For 2012, "The Wall Street Journal" gave him the "Innovator of the Year Award" for technology.
Early years.
Dorsey was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Marcia (Smith) and Tim Dorsey. He is of part Italian descent. He was raised Catholic, and his uncle is a Catholic priest in Cincinnati. He went to Catholic high school, at Bishop DuBourg High School.
By age thirteen, Dorsey had become interested in dispatch routing. Some of the open source software he created in the area of dispatch logistics is still used by many taxi cab companies. Dorsey attended the Missouri University of Science and Technology before subsequently transferring to New York University, where he first came up with the idea that became Twitter. While working on dispatching as a programmer, he later moved to California.
When he first saw implementations of instant messaging, Dorsey wondered whether the software's user status output could be shared among friends easily. He approached Odeo, who at the time happened to be interested in text messaging. Dorsey and Biz Stone decided that SMS text suited the status message idea, and built a prototype of Twitter in about two weeks. The idea attracted many users at Odeo and investment from Evan Williams who had left Google after selling it Pyra Labs and Blogger.
Twitter, Inc..
Dorsey, Stone and Noah Glass co-founded Obvious, which then spun off Twitter, Inc. In his role during the pivotal days of the company's founding, a compilation chronicling the originally named "twttr" and the time leading up to the official launch, is shown in a timeline of tweets revealing Twitter's beginnings. As chief executive officer, Dorsey saw the startup through two rounds of funding by the venture capitalists who backed the company. On October 16, 2008, Williams took over the role of CEO, and Dorsey became chairman of the board. On March 28, 2011, Dorsey returned to Twitter as Executive Chairman.
As the service began to grow in popularity, Dorsey chose the improvement of uptime as top priority, even over creating revenue – which, as of 2008, Twitter was not designed to earn. Dorsey described the commercial use of Twitter and its API as two things that could lead to paid features. His three guiding principles, which are shared by the whole company and through its culture, are simplicity, constraint, and craftsmanship.
Square, Inc..
Dorsey developed a small business platform to accept debit and credit card payments on a mobile device called Square, released in May 2010. The small, square-shaped device attaches to iPhone, iPad or Android devices via the headphone jack, and as a mini card reader allows a person to swipe her or his card, choose an amount to give to the recipient and then sign his or her name for confirmation. Square is also a system for sending paperless receipts via text message or email, and is available as a free app for iOS and Android OS. The company grew from 10 employees in December 2009 to over a hundred employees by June 2011. Square's office is located on Mission Street in San Francisco's South of Market neighborhood.
In September 2012, Business Insider magazine valued Square Inc. at 3.2 billion. Dorsey is CEO of Square, Inc.
Other projects.
Producer Tom Anderson and correspondent Lara Logan interviewed Dorsey for a segment of CBS "60 Minutes" called "The Innovator: Jack Dorsey" which aired during March 2013. In 2013, talking to CNN, Dorsey expressed admiration for Michael Bloomberg and his reinvention through design and simple interfaces of what it means to be mayor. Dorsey thinks becoming mayor of New York City is an aspiration that would raise the bar for him. Dorsey served as a judge for New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's NYC BigApps competition in 2011.
Dorsey was announced as a new member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company on December 24, 2013. The press release referred to Dorsey as a "talented entrepreneur" and explained that his experience is aligned with the corporation's "strategic priorities."
External links.
Video

</doc>
<doc id="20089722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089722" title="Raíces (Los Tigres del Norte album)">
Raíces (Los Tigres del Norte album)

Raíces ("Roots") is a cover album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte on May 4, 2008. This album became their sixth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. It won the Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.
Personnel.
The information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20089735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089735" title="Texas State Highway Spur 260">
Texas State Highway Spur 260

Texas Spur 260, also known as Jamie Zapata Memorial Highway, is a state highway in southeastern Laredo, Texas connecting U.S. Route 83 and Texas State Highway 359. The route was designated in 2008 but continued to be signed as part of Texas State Highway Loop 20 until the opening of Cuatro Vientos Road in July 2011, when the Loop 20 designation was shifted to the new route. The contemporary Spur 260 constitutes the original extent of Loop 20, as originally designated in 1939.
Junction List.
The entire route is located in Laredo, Webb County, Texas. All intersections are currently at-grade unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="20089736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089736" title="Extreme points of the Republic of Macedonia">
Extreme points of the Republic of Macedonia

This is a list of the extreme points of the Republic of Macedonia: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points.

</doc>
<doc id="20089765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089765" title="Ladd Tower">
Ladd Tower

Ladd Tower is a 23-story residential building in Portland, Oregon completed in early 2009. The construction of Ladd Tower caused the Ladd Carriage House to be moved from its foundation, returning in October 2008. Holland Residential manages the building, which also has commercial space on the ground floor. The main residential tower also shares space on the first through third floors with a church next door.
The tower is Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design-certified. The $80 million building stands tall.
The tower was originally slated to sell as condominiums. Only 60 of 200 units were presold. In 2007, Opus Northwest converted the project to rental apartments, returning deposits to approximately 60 buyers. The building was redesigned, with shorter ceilings, leaving the overall building height unchanged, but going from 21 to 23 floors. The apartments were smaller, at 332 apartments, versus 189 condos in the original plan.
The original design of the tower put the building flush against the South Park Blocks. A 27-foot setback beginning at the fourth story caused "unanimous approval from the Portland Design Commission, a dramatic turnaround from icy receptions to two
earlier proposals" according to The Oregonian. A local developer called it a "low-ego building".
The building is named after early local politician and developer William S. Ladd.

</doc>
<doc id="20089785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089785" title="30 Greatest Hits">
30 Greatest Hits

30 Greatest Hits is a 2007 compilation released by the Red Elvises.
Track listing.
Disc One
Disc Two

</doc>
<doc id="20089818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089818" title="The Awakening of Helena Richie">
The Awakening of Helena Richie

The Awakening of Helena Richie is a novel by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857 - 1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Old Chester, a Western Pennsylvania rural village just a few miles outside the city of Pittsburgh, then an industrial boomtown.
Overview.
Helena Richie leaves a drunken husband, who had killed their child, and goes to Old Chester with her friend Lloyd Pryor. Most believe the newcomers Helena and Lloyd are brother and sister, and Helena adopts a homeless boy, David, who had been a ward of the town's minister, Dr. Lavendar. Helena's true husband dies, but Lloyd Pryor, now tired of Helena, refuses to marry her. Helena confesses to the minister about her actual relationship with Pryor, and Dr. Lavendar forces her to give up her son. Helena agrees, certain that she is an unfit mother. Helena pleads her case and fights for her maternal rights.
It was first published in installments in "Harper's Monthly" from January through July 1906.
A 1909 Broadway play starred Margaret Anglin and a 1916 silent film starred Ethel Barrymore.

</doc>
<doc id="20089853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089853" title="Lists of extreme points">
Lists of extreme points

This is a list of lists of the points that are the farthest, highest, lowest, greatest or least.

</doc>
<doc id="20089900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089900" title="Quex-Ul">
Quex-Ul

Quex-Ul is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics Superman titles.
Fictional character biography.
Pre-Crisis.
First appearing in "Superman" #157 (Nov. 1962), Quex-Ul was a Kryptonian exiled to the Phantom Zone when he was convicted of killing rondors, an endangered species, to use their healing horns for the purpose of profit. He confessed and spent his time in the Zone, but was released by Superman when his time was up. Not a grateful sort, he attempted to lure Superman into a gold kryptonite trap, until Superman discovered that Quex-Ul had actually acted under the mental control of another Kryptonian, Rog-Ar, the true rondor killer. Learning this, Quex-Ul threw himself into the trap to save the hero, losing his powers and memory.
In the 1982 "The Phantom Zone" mini-series, he later works at the "Daily Planet", believing himself to be an Earthman named "Charlie Kweskill". Susceptible to unconscious influence by Phantom Zoners, he unwittingly frees them and is himself trapped in the Zone along with Superman. Together they seek a way out of the Zone, ultimately facing a malevolent entity called Aethyr, whose mind creates the Phantom Zone. On arrival, Superman and Quex-Ul find themselves wearing each other's clothes, and "Charlie" wonders if he now has super powers. It is unclear whether his powers or memory have actually been restored, the costume swap having been effected as some sort of amusement by Aethyr. To save the Man of Steel, Quex-Ul flies towards Aethyr and dies in a shower of fiery breath, sacrificing his life in a final act of redemption.
Post-Crisis.
In the Pocket Universe (which was an alternate version of the pre-Crisis Earth-One), Quex-Ul was freed with General Zod and Zaora from the Phantom Zone by a naive Lex Luthor, whereupon they turned Pocket Earth into a dead world. Quex-Ul and the others were executed by Superman using green kryptonite, a controversial, yet necessary move that haunted him for some time.
Adventure Comics.
In "Adventure Comics" 512 (Late May 2010), Quex-Ul makes an appearance under the cover name of Edward Robertson. He was later killed by Squad K of Project 7734. He is also shown in the Phantom Zone with General Zod and the rest of the phantom zone criminals, including Jax-Ur, Non, Ursa, Car-Vex, Az-Rel and Nadira. His was a plan developed by Car-Vex aka Officer Romundi and General Sam Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="20089904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089904" title="Yamil Benítez">
Yamil Benítez

Yamil Antonio Benítez (born October 5, 1972 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a former right-handed outfielder, who last played for the Arizona Diamondbacks. He also played for the Montreal Expos and the Kansas City Royals in his career.
He was an outfielder who played in 169 games for 3 teams. 95 of those games with the Arizona Diamondbacks in their inaugural season. His career batting average was .243 with 19 home runs and 60 RBIs. He was chosen as the 19th player in the Arizona Diamondbacks Expansion Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20089911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089911" title="Harold R. W. Benjamin">
Harold R. W. Benjamin

Harold Raymond Wayne Benjamin (1893–1969) was an American educator and writer; most notably was his publications of "The Saber Tooth Curriculum" (1939) and "Higher Education in the American Republics" (1965) (Guthrie 168).
Biography.
Early life and education.
Harold Raymond Wayne Benjamin was born March 27, 1893 in Gilmanton, Wisconsin to Harold and Harriet Benjamin. He moved to Oregon with his family in 1904, and graduated from Tualatin Academy in 1910. Benjamin earned degrees from both the Oregon Normal School and the University of Oregon. He later received a Ph.D. from the Stanford Graduate School of Education in 1927 (Ohles 112).
Career.
Benjamin’s professional career was extremely long and illustrious. He began his teaching career at Salem Heights Elementary School in 1915. Benjamin then became the superintendent of schools in Umatilla, Oregon until 1922. He moved on to become an assistant professor of education at the University of Oregon until 1925. Benjamin decided to take a job at Stanford University as a teaching fellow before deciding to enroll in their student teaching program in 1927. After completion of the program in 1931, he moved on to the University of Minnesota where he was a professor of education and the assistant dean of the college of education until 1936. Benjamin decided to take a job at the University of Colorado as the director of the college of education for two years. After two years in Colorado, he took a position as the dean of the college of education at the University of Maryland, College Park where he served for twelve years. In 1951, Benjamin became the chairman of social foundations of education at Peabody College in Tennessee where he ended his career in education in 1958 (Ohles 112). 
In his career, Benjamin was also a noted figure in comparative international education. He traveled to many Latin countries comparing the way the U.S. and other countries ran their higher education systems, which led him to writing a well-known book "Higher Education in the American Republic" (Guthrie 169).
Harold R.W. Benjamin’s main purpose in his work was to preserve the democratic processes in American schooling and for an awakening of instructional consciousness toward individual differences. This belief led him to writing another well known novel, "The Saber Tooth Curriculum". "The Saber Tooth Curriculum" was written by Benjamin in a pseudo name of J. Abner Peddiwell. Published in 1939, "The Saber Tooth Curriculum" is satirical commentary explaining how unexamined traditions of schooling can result in resisting needed changes (Guthrie 169). He believed education needs to be responsive to the emerging needs of the life experience and he felt education in his time was sticking to teachings of old rather than of present times.

</doc>
<doc id="20089925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089925" title="Westi (software)">
Westi (software)

Westi was one of two early local teleprocessing packages for IBM's DOS/VSE environment. Westi stood for Westinghouse Terminal Interactive.
The product.
Westi provided an interface and access method for programmers to 'talk' to monitors and handle data entry. Such access methods later became known as APIs and the handlers a form of transaction processing.
Initially written for the IBM 2260 running under DOS on IBM mainframes, the original product was offered free for IBM users. With the advent of DOS/VS and the IBM 3270 series terminals, Westinghouse realized they could recover part of their development costs and commercialized the product, circa 1970. The company added transparent remote access about 1980.
Application.
Westi operated as an application's mainline program and, like IBM's soon to follow CICS, programmers wrote subroutines to read and write data to and from terminals and discs. This real time paradigm became known as transaction processing.
This differed from Westi's primary competitor, DUCS, which reversed that model in that it was a subroutine package that read from and wrote to monitors. While Westi was not as easy to program and use as DUCS, Westi (like CICS) handled task management.
In terms of speed, Westi fell between DUCS and the considerably more process-bound CICS.
Development.
Pittsburgh.
Steve Robert O'Donnell wrote the original DOS 2260 package, which was distributed free of charge. Its popularity made Westinghouse realize Westi had potential as a commercial product. IBM Sole his original idea and used it to make profit. Some Time after that he created the company called Goal Systems.
Columbus.
In 1972, IBM released DOS/VS with the IBM/370 and the first IBM 3270 terminals, and the Westinghouse Software group began a rewrite for new products. Several new team members were assigned, including John Gaston, who took over lead development following the departure of Steve O'Donnell in the latter 1970s. (Steve O'Donnell went on to found GOAL Systems, Inc.)
Paris.
Westinghouse Marketing suffered a schism about the same time, and the result was that Europe established an independent subsidiary, Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA, or WEMSSA, headquartered in Paris. At that point, the Westinghouse product line, WDU and WESTI, bifurcated, taking independent development paths.
Orlando.
The original development team moved to Orlando, Florida, where it eventually came under the management of Dr. Ray Ferguson and focused on integration with VSE and matching features with CICS.
Avignon.
WEMSSA, under the direction of Eric Lutaud, contracted with GOAL Systems and eventually developer Leigh Lundin (author of DUCS Remote) for development, which focused on adding remote teleprocessing in Avignon, France. The result was WestiTAM, a 4k bi-sync module, which the Florida group expressed an interest in.
In 1978, WEMSSA resumed relations with the Florida group and eventually the two merged, coming under the new director of WEMSSA in London, David Hazlewood. Westinghouse committed to remerging the product line, re-engineering new products under the direction of Dr. Ferguson and Leigh Lundin. However, part way into development, Westinghouse began to break up the division during the outsourcing thrust of the Reaganomics era. Through badly managed negotiations, Westinghouse ended up with neither developers or outsourcing partners, which spelled the end for one of the industries foremost software groups.
Marketing.
Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA (WEMSSA), had sales offices in Pittsburgh, San Jose, Paris, Lyon, London, Genève, Zürich, München, and Amsterdam. Development offices were in Orlando, with further development in Columbus, Ohio and Avignon, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20089952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089952" title="Frontier House (Lewiston, New York)">
Frontier House (Lewiston, New York)

Frontier House was home to several Niagara County businessmen and honored guests. It was considered to be a premiere hotel in its day. The house is recognized as a landmark and a structure on the list of National Register of Historic Places listings in Niagara County, New York since 1974. The structure served as a hotel, private home, a fine dining restaurant, museum, fast food establishment (McDonald's), and several unwelcomed spirits. It is found in Western New York, about ten minutes from Niagara Falls.
Early history.
The Frontier House, built in 1824, is situated at 460 Center Street, Lewiston, New York, of Niagara County and was hailed as the best hotel west of Albany. Prominent business men of Lewiston, Benjamin and Samuel Barton along with Joshua Fairbank headed the building of the tavern. Its walls were shaped with stone from Canada by 18 men over 18 months. As the structure was erected, Lewiston attracted more people than the city of Buffalo, New York. The structure when completed stood four stories high. Its rectangular shape, double parallel chimneys, oval windows, full width porch and hipped roof is characterized as the Federal style of architecture The first floor served as offices, the second was a luxurious ballroom. The third floor included fourteen bedrooms with fireplaces and the fourth floor was used for meetings, famously for free masons. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic places on July 8, 1974.
Guests.
Dewitt Clinton, President William McKinley, Samuel Clemens, Charles Dickens, Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, John L. Sullivan and Jenny Lind were all honored guests of the Frontier House. In the 1800s ten coach trains arrived and departed from the Frontier House hotel daily carrying these among other influential people.
Ownership.
The hotel was maintained by its descents and later turned into a private home. George Rector purchased the inn and added the Frontier House Restaurant. Daughters of Rector inherited the hotel in the 1930s. In the economic boom of the 1960s area factories in Niagara Falls were welcoming newcomers at a rate of 11,000. The Frontier House rented its rooms to sleep three for each eight hour shift because of the growing demand for housing. In June 1964, Mr. and Mrs. James Russell of Buffalo renovated the hotel into a museum and restaurant. Dining rooms, the Lafyette Ballroom was named on the second floor, a Victorian parlor and Early American bedroom styles were presented on the third floor and the fourth was private quarters. In September 1973, the manager and chef of Frontier House were rescued in a fire. One dining room was destroyed along with widespread water damage. Two years later the historic hotel of Lewiston's future was handed to William McDonald, who restored the interior and leased it to the McDonald's food chain. McDonald's closed in 2004, and the structure has been vacant ever since. It was acquired by the village of Lewiston in July 2013.
Haunting accounts.
Frontier House of Lewiston is believed to be haunted by a bricklayer who opposed the Free Masons. William Morgan was kidnapped and held behind the house until he allegedly was imprisoned at Fort Niagara. Hotel employees claimed doors opened and closed voluntarily. Workers during the remodeling of the house for the McDonald's restaurant found tools and other equipment disappear before their eyes. Contractors heard strange sounds and windows opened. Ghosts of an elderly man have been seen in the pantry and an employee showering in the residence saw a silhouette of a woman. There is a theory that while the structure was being built, one worker fell from the third floor into the basement and died. The legend says that two of his fellow workers stuffed him in a stone used to build the wall of the basement to cover up the evidence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20089955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089955" title="Lima culture">
Lima culture

The Lima culture was an indigenous civilization which existed in modern-day Lima, Peru during the Early Intermediate Period, extending from roughly 100 to 650. This pre-Incan culture, which overlaps with surrounding Paracas, Moche, and Nasca civilizations, was located in the desert coastal strip of Peru in the Chillon, Rimac and Lurin River valleys. It can be difficult to differentiate the Lima culture from surrounding cultures due to both its physical proximity to other, and better documented cultures, in Coastal Peru, and because it is chronologically very close, if not over lapped, by these other cultures as well. These factors all help contribute to the obscurity of the Lima culture, of which much information is still left to be learned.
The Lima civilization was known in part for its ceramic artwork, consisting of styles such as Maranga and Interlocking patterns, which show the influence of the nearby Moche culture. Changes in this pottery style during the Middle Horizon Period also indicate influence from the Huari Empire. Being surrounded by desert, Lima needed to channel water from surrounding rivers in order to cultivate their soil for agricultural purposes. This resulted in the construction and maintenance of an extensive irrigational system, redirecting canals, and method of terracing. The Lima civilizaton constructed many temples known as "huacas", which are still preserved throughout the city of Lima to this day. Since these archeological sites are buried within modern-day Lima, it is difficult to access the archeological remnants that still exist without disrupting the city, which is another factor that plays a part in the modern-day enigma of ancient Lima culture. Major population centers of ancient Lima were located at Pucllana, Huallamarca, Cajamarquilla, and Pachacamac.
Early development and expansion.
The history of early Andean culture is essentially the story of a long process in which man learned to dominate nature, turning a desert into a green oasis. Within the Central Coast there is a strong pattern of architectural evidence that suggests organized communal and cultural activity during the Preceramic and Early Horizon Periods. This set the foundations for development of the Lima culture in the Early Intermediate. Despite the desert conditions prevailing in the coastal region, two factors enabled to areas earliest inhabitants to live off the land. First, the proximity to the sea which provided these groups with a diet of fish and shellfish. The second was the varied climate: from May to October moisture trapped by the hills fed vegetation in the slopes, which early populations could use to supplement their seafood diet.
Later populations were able to develop a limited and primitive agriculture in low lying areas, irrigated by nearby rivers and freshwater springs. During the Early Horizon Period, groups began to have the advantage of regular rainfall, and they learned how to domesticate plants and animals. A population surplus also led movement towards the coast. This brings us to the Early Intermediate period, where the Lima culture (among many others within a close time period) began to flourish. These cultures learned how to control nature, creating expansive irrigation systems and artificial canals. These systems provide further evidence of the sophistication of the social organization of the Lima culture, which would have been needed to construct, run, and maintain these irrigation systems.
In Coastal Peru, the middle group of rivers of Rimac, Chillon, and Lurin (which flow through what is now metropolitan Lima) serve as the backdrop for the culturally complex and inter-related Lima culture. Small, village scale pyramidal structures in the beginning of the Early Intermediate would slowly transform into the well-organized focus of the successive Lima culture. Evidence of the expansion of Lima culture in ceramics and textiles can be found in surrounding valleys, allowing archaeologists to track the progression of the culture over time.
At the start of the Early Intermediate, population was focused in the upper portion of the Lurin valley, characterized by isolated free standing-houses and short irrigation canals. The population gradually expanded, moving down the valley, and utilizing longer irrigation canals to inter-connected dwellings, and eventually major cities and cultural centers. Elite structures on hilltops also began to occur, which would ultimately become the important Huacas of Lima culture. Near the end of the Early Intermediate Period the Lima culture became entirely dominant. Perhaps the most important center of the culture was the Huaca of Pachacamac, which would continue to be important to many cultures for the next 1000 years.
Major centers.
Pucllana.
Huaca Pucllana was a central archeological complex in ancient Lima culture. Also known as Huaca Juliana, this important administrative and ceremonial center was built around 500. The Huaca Pucllana was clearly separated by a large wall (north - south direction) into two different parts: The administrative sector and the urban zone were located towards the east of this wall with places presumably used for public meetings, to discuss control and improvement of production. A number of small buildings, squares, ramps, patios and storage rooms completed this part. The ceremonial sector towards the western part of the wall, contained the pyramid (made of adobe bricks, 500 metres long, more than 100 metres wide, 22 metres high) and adjacent places. In this area priests conducted religious ceremonies honoring the Gods and ancestors. The structure of this Huaca serves to strongly reinforce our concepts of the authoritative composition of the Lima culture, clearly indicating a separation between the common population, the administration of the culture, and the religious leaders.
Huallamarca.
The archaeological compound of Huaca Huallamarca is only a little smaller than Huaca Pucllana, and is similarly an adobe scaled pyramid, but this Huaca possesses the unique addition of an impressive access ramp. It is believed that this site was a ceremonial center whose access was possibly restricted to only a religious elite, evinced by the fact that the uncovered floors show little wear from use. Since Huaca Huallamarca endured over a very long period (one that goes from the 3rd century to the coming of the Incas during the 15th century) the patterns of utilization and abandonment are extremely helpful in indicating the shift in funerary practices over time. This site continues to be a significant source of information for ancient burial practices of the Lima and surrounding cultures. The on-site museum today has examples of funeral bundles and the mummy of a local princess.
Cajamarquilla.
The Huaca Cajamarquilla, located in the Rimac valley, was not a major commercial, not administrative, and not a military site during the Early Intermediate Period, being built around 400-600. Also referred to as "the dead city," Cajamarquilla is entirely built in adobe and is unique in the aspect that it is also comprised by a peculiar set of walled palaces. Cajamarquilla does ' stand out as the second biggest urban complex constructed with mud in the ancient Perú, with its 167 hectares of extension, surpassed only by the citadel of Chan Chan to the North of Lima. This site is contested to have been founded by the Huari civilization, but nonetheless was developed while the valley was under the influence of the Lima culture. This centre of regional influence was assembled by pyramids, squares, streets, rooms and mazes clearly distinguishable in the midst of an arid landscape, harshly beaten by floods during the El Niño phenomenon appearances. Nevertheless, this place sustained a very complete and dynamic civilization, as asserted by: the many human burials located in several sectors; the different decorations on objects, some typical of the valley itself, others from the rest of the Coast and others from the southern Sierra; the many underground cellars to keep food; and by the patios devoted to the production of chicha (an alcoholic beverage obtained from the maceration of corn) for celebrations.
Pachacamac.
Huaca Pachacamac, noted for its great pyramidal temples and frescoed adobe walls, is one of the most important and remarkable sites constructed in the Early Intermediate Period. The shrine of this site was dedicated to the god Pachacamac, "architect of the world and creator of all its creatures". Huaca Pachacamac was the most distinguished pilgrimage destination along the coastal region, drawing worshippers from all over Peru to render tribute and to consult the oracle. The adobe style temple, built entirely on raw mudbricks, has a raised rectangular space in front of it where pilgrims could leave their offerings.This vast religious complex is credited to the Lima culture, being initially constructed and occupied between 200 BC–AD 600. Pachacamac continued to be utilized for well over the next thousand years. The Huari culture arrived in the region around 650 and began to use the city as an administrative center for the coastal Andes. Huari influences appear in the construction of the site and on the ceramics and textiles of this period. Pachacamac was so recognizably crucial to the surrounding cultures, that even after the Inka conquest of the area it was left intact and untampered. The Inka civilization instead allowed it to exist along their own practices, adding their own style to the development. In fact the Inka sector, which was added between 1440 - 1533, remains as the best preserved section today.
Material culture.
Textiles.
Textiles were considered a symbol of status and wealth, many mummies have been found wrapped in many layers of the finest embroidered tapestries symbolizing a person of power in society. They were constructed of a variation of fibers from plants, usually cotton, and various animal furs (usually alpaca or llama). The particular styles of textile in Lima culture have transformed and evolved over time, yielding a variety of textile patterns throughout the culture's history. Segments of Lima culture weaved fine-looking multicolored tapestries and blankets and dyed their creations with natural dyes of which they created more than 190 different shades. At certain periods the textiles used geometric, anthropomorphous and animal designs such as birds and felines. Depicting inanimate objects as animals is a common practice in Andean art, which conveys an association between the object and the qualities that the animal embodies. Textiles would be woven for everything from everyday clothing, to ceremonial robes for religious and political elites, burial mantels and wall-hangings for temples and palaces. It is also clear that the ancient Lima culture appreciated pattern and design for its own sake, as seen in their extensive use of the interlocking pattern in their designs. In this pattern, a series of geometrically stylized animal or human figures interlock so skillfully that the same pattern appears when the fabric is looked at from upside down, and sometimes it is difficult or impossible to determine where one image ends and another starts.
Written communication.
Since the Ancient Peruvians never developed a system of writing, the images and signs woven into cloths or embroidered and painted on fabrics served as a pictorial language to communicate their beliefs about their world. That language has a naturalistic base but it privileges stylization, reducing natural forms to their essential characteristics so that what is represented is a general archetype.
Ceramics.
The ceramics of the Lima culture was developed from the local red and white ceramics of the middle coast. Black, strong colouring and random negative ornament painting are typical of it. Geometric designs which represented crested snakes with triangle-heads are the common ornamental motifs. Ceramics were constructed in various ways, but the use of mold technology is evident. This would have enabled the mass production of certain forms. Ceramics of the Lima culture vary widely in shape and theme, with important social activities documented in pottery, including war, sex, metalwork, and weaving. (SeeMoche Material Culture)
Cosmology.
The world view for central Andean cultures was essentially magical-religious. They saw the world as being animated by spirits, and the fertility of the land and health of the people depended on the good will of these spirits. This explains the pattern of human sacrifices found during times of drought or flooding; sacrifices were performed to appease and show respect for the gods. This is also supported by the imagery found on ceramics and textiles depicting sacrifices for a god or deity, and tributes that were presented at temples, such as Pachacamac.
Drug use.
Small mortars (grinding bowls), snuff spoons, and wooden tray artifacts indicate that drug usage was particularly prevalent in the Lima culture. Coca leaves were especially common, chewed as a substance to alleviate hypoxia and altitude sickness (useful in highland cultures) and to help ease hunger, useful in times of food scarcity. Hallucinogenic drugs, found in certain cactuses in the area, were also most likely used in religious ceremonies to induce visions, and as a method to increase closeness with the gods.
Iconography.
Male and female figures, and even some that might be additional genders, as well as environmental information, plants, animals, architectural portrayals, subsistence activities, and so on are repeatedly portrayed in Lima culture. One scene that is particularly repetitive is the sacrifice scene, collecting the victim's blood and presenting it to a deity-like figure. From the study of iconography we can tell male and female from body shape, and thus see associated clothes, hairstyles, etc., and correlate these with activities and specific personalities. The goldwork in Colombia portrays animals, usually birds, jaguars, caimans, sharks, probably tied in with shamanism and drug use. Birds and simulations of flight are often related to the supernatural and to hallucinations generated by snuff, coca, other drugs. Specific images that are repeated are a frontal staff bearing figure which represents either human or supernatural power. Trophy heads of slain enemies are also common, and these indicate the belief that "blood fertilized the earth" and human sacrifice was require to please the gods. A two-headed snake symbolizes "the supernatural force that maintains the harmony of the cosmos by uniting the opposed but complimentary parts making it up." Special attention is also allotted to fish and sea-birds, since they were a source of food and fertilizer for the fields, and thus were the basis of life in the coastal region.
Sacrifice.
Sacrifice was very common in early Andean cultures, and the Lima culture is no exception. Sacrifices would be made to pacify gods, or as part as religious and ceremonial rituals. Human burials, particularly of children, found underneath dwellings related to the belief that this class of offering would contribute to the long life of the building. This custom is still rooted in the cultural tradition of Andean communities, although human beings have been replaced by animals or special objects.
Authoritative forces.
During the Early Intermediate Period, society in Lima culture began to transition. Cultures that were once thought to be group or "bottom-up" oriented in authoritative structure, and perhaps were, began to develop a social, political, and religious elite. Wealth and power differences became especially notable in architectural structures and layouts (shown in the complexes of Pucllana, Cajamarquilla, Huallamarca, and Pachacamac) as well as in contrasts in the abundance of material wealth possessed by different families. Once in power, these elite individuals must have been involved in underwriting and directing the creation of art and architecture, which further perpetuated their control over the remaining members of the group, and thus sufficiently established an elite authoritative force. 
Claims of an elite class are substantially supported by ceremonial burials and funerary practices uncovered by archaeologists. There are obvious differences in burials between members of the Lima culture. Certain sites, such as the Burial at Sipán, have been uncovered that clearly indicate an elite person. The amount and wealth of objects included in certain burials contrasted with the emptiness and simplicity of others make it obvious that there was an elite and privileged ruling class. It is also apparent that there was a religious ruling class, which is demonstrated by the enclosed construction of religious spaces and temples at important Huacas, meant to restrict access to the religious and political elite, which further reinforced elite power and made the rest of the population even more dependent on the instruction of the ruling class.
Decline.
Starting around 600, climatic and environmental changes in the Andean region were brought about by cycles of droughts and El Niño phenomenon. The Lima and surrounding cultures underwent radical reorganizations and shifting populations in order to compensate for the change in rainfall and water availability, which negatively impacted crops and damaged huacas and dwellings. This marked the beginning of the decline of the Lima culture. As its people were slowly dispersed across Peru in search of better and more reliable living situations, the conglomerate of Lima culture was steadily disbanded, and new culture groups developed and dominated Coastal Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20089961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089961" title="Holding Trevor">
Holding Trevor

Holding Trevor is a 2008 gay American romantic-drama written by and starring Brent Gorski as Trevor and directed by Rosser Goodman.
Plot.
Young, beautiful and intelligent, Trevor Holden (Brent Gorski) is in a stalemate. Entangled in an unhealthy relationship with Darrell (Christopher Wyllie), a self-destructive heroin addict, and trapped at a low-paying job, Trevor finds scant comfort in Los Angeles' vapid party scene, where conversation rarely rises above inquiries like "So, are you an actor?" Worse still, he and his two best friends - roommate Andie (Melissa Searing) and singer Jake (Jay Brannan) - are being pulled apart by boredom and discontent. At the hospital for his boyfriend's latest overdose, Trevor finds a potential new beginning in Ephram (Eli Kranski), a medical intern with ambition, a warm demeanor and strikingly good looks. After they spend a romantic evening together, Trevor seems poised to make some changes. He begins by ending his relationship with Darrell and then strives to reconnect with Andie and Jake. But what should be a joyous event - a party celebrating a negative HIV test - results in Andie secretly discovering she is HIV positive because of a drunken hookup. Later on, Trevor gets into a fight with Darrell at the party, which is overheard by the guests and causes a rift between Trevor and Ephram. Trevor is devastated by the tragic death of Darrell after an overdose. Ephram informs Trevor of Darrell's death and seeks to comfort him in the aftermath. After being offered a job in New York City, Ephram confesses his love for Trevor and suggests he abandon his life in Los Angeles and come live with him. Andie, reeling from her frightening revelation, seeks comfort in Trevor and pleads with him to not leave. Trevor is torn between pursuing the love of his life or staying to assist a dear friend in need. Trevor remains committed to bettering his life, but realizes that some people are too precious to abandon.
Critical reception.
The film received mostly poor reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 13% of professional critics gave the film a positive review, with a rating average of 3.8 out of 10. Most critics panned the film's plot. Dennis Harvey from "Variety" magazine called it a "vanity project" and said that the film "comes off as Joan Crawford-esque, star-flattering melodrama on an Amerindie scale", while Julia Wallace from "Village Voice" stated: "There's nothing to fill up the 88 minutes of the film except for the idle bitchery spewed by nearly every character."

</doc>
<doc id="20089990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089990" title="Love Lifted Me">
Love Lifted Me

Love Lifted Me is the title of Kenny Rogers' first solo album for United Artists Records, released in 1976. This is Rogers' first solo effort following the break-up of The First Edition earlier that year.
The album was a minor success, reaching #28 on the Country charts. Three singles were released from the album including the title track (released as a single in 1975), which hit #19 on the U.S. Country charts and crossed to the U.S. Hot 100 by ranking #97. The second single, "Homemade Love", didn't rank on the charts, but the final single, "While The Feeling's Good" hit #46 on the U.S. Country charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20089992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20089992" title="Lunatics and Poets">
Lunatics and Poets

Lunatics and Poets is a 2004 album by the Red Elvises.
Track listing.
All songs written by Igor Yuzov

</doc>
<doc id="20090052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090052" title="BD-17°63 b">
BD-17°63 b

BD-17°63 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 113 light-years away in the constellation of Cetus, orbiting the 10th magnitude K-type main sequence star BD-17°63. This planet has a minimum mass of 5.1 MJ and orbits at a distance of 1.34 astronomical units from the star. The distance ranges from 0.62 AU to 2.06 AU, corresponding to the eccentricity of 0.54. One revolution takes about 656 days.
This planet was discovered on October 26, 2008 by Moutou "et al." using the HARPS spectrograph on ESO’s 3.6 meter telescope installed at La Silla Observatory in Atacama desert, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20090053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090053" title="La Luz del Ritmo">
La Luz del Ritmo

La Luz del Ritmo ("The Light of Rhythm") is the fifteenth albums by Ska Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. After a 7 year long hiatus of the group in which some of the members of the band spent some time in their own projects, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs regrouped to launch a very anticipated disc which includes 5 new songs, 6 remakes and 2 covers, all new versions.
The most important single was the new version of Padre Nuestro, with a very different Cumbia tone, and a video that set the theme for the new style and the new album.
The title track is featured in football video game "FIFA 10".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Mariano Prunes awarded the album 3 stars stating "Their vastly improved musicianship is very much on display here, particularly in the new versions of very early songs such as "Basta de Llamarme Así" or "El Genio del Dub," but it's not enough to make up for the lack of inspiration in the new material and the covers. The new songs are all correct LFC tunes but, with the possible exception of Rotman's jaunty "El Fin del Amor," hardly memorable, and a bit too much on the auto celebratory side for a band usually concerned with more pressing matters. All in all, La Luz del Ritmo is a decent comeback card, but still remains the least essential of all the Los Fabulosos Cadillacs' releases.".

</doc>
<doc id="20090074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090074" title="The Rising Tide (Deland novel)">
The Rising Tide (Deland novel)

The Rising Tide is a novel about issues confronting women in the years just before suffrage by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer, an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Frederica Payton, a "new woman" who illustrates the extremes of the feminist question.
It was first published in installments in "Harper's Monthly" from December 1915 through October 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20090083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090083" title="Rokenrol">
Rokenrol

Rokenrol is a 2002 album by the Red Elvises.
Track listing.
All songs in Russian except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20090101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090101" title="HD 145377 b">
HD 145377 b

HD 145377 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 180 light-years away in the constellation of Scorpius, orbiting the 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 145377. This planet orbits at a distance of 0.45 astronomical units and takes 104 days to revolve around the star with an eccentricity of 0.307. It has mass of 5.76 times that of Jupiter, however the mass value is only minimum since the inclination of the orbit is not known.
This planet was discovered on October 26, 2008 by Moutou "et al." using the HARPS spectrograph on ESO’s 3.6 meter telescope installed at La Silla Observatory in Atacama desert, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20090120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090120" title="HD 153950 b">
HD 153950 b

__NOTOC__
HD 153950 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 162 light-years away in the constellation of Scorpius, orbiting the 7th magnitude F-type main sequence star HD 153950. This planet has mass about 2.73 times that of Jupiter, but because the inclination is not known, the mass value is only minimum. So in next decade, the Gaia mission, Space Interferometry Mission, or James Webb Space Telescope will determine the inclination of all known extrasolar planets, including this planet. This planet takes about 499 days to orbit at an orbital distance about 1.28 AU and range from 0.84 to 1.72 AU, corresponding to the orbital eccentricity of 0.34.
This planet was discovered on October 26, 2008 by Moutou "et al." using the HARPS spectrograph on ESO’s 3.6 meter telescope installed at La Silla Observatory in Atacama desert, Chile.
Possible habitable moon.
HD 153950 b is located within a habitable zone of its star. Based on a probable 10−4 fraction of the planet mass as a satellite, it can have a Mars-sized moon with habitable surface. On the other hand, this mass can be distributed into many small satellites as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20090122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090122" title="Bass test">
Bass test

A bass test is an audio recording, usually composed mainly of synthesized low frequency bass notes often played with a simple, repeating melody. Bass tests are used to test the low end, or bass response, of audio systems, particularly loudspeakers (woofers and subwoofers) and amplifiers. Bass tests often concentrate on frequencies under 50 Hz because there is little musical content below this frequency (referring to non-synthesized music). 
Overview.
Bass tests may be in the form of a song like progression, usually composed of a simple, repeating riff with the low frequency content added, or they may be just the low frequency content, separated by silent periods. Bass tests are often used to test either decibel levels achieved by sound systems or the amount of cone excursion a woofer has. Bass tests are especially popular for testing or showing off audio systems with subwoofers.
Popular bass tests.
Bass test recordings can be purchased on various recording mediums, or viewed for free on YouTube. However, especially for hi-fi applications, compact disc recordings are most preferable due to superior sound quality. Although, some YouTube bass tests contain download links for a high quality version of the test.
Bass, I Love You.
"Bass, I Love You" is a popular bass test by Bassotronics. It is about 3 minutes and 48 seconds (3:48) long. Bass, I Love You begins by two bars of the piano playing solo, then the synthesized bass track begins playing with the repeating piano riff, which continues throughout the entire track. The bass remains at a relatively constant frequency, except for between each bar, at which time there is a sub-audible frequency note under 10 Hz.
Woofer Cooker.
"Woofer Cooker" is a popular bass test by Bass Hit. It is 4 minutes and 10 seconds (4:10) long. It begins with a declining frequency sweep, then it is just a low frequency tone for about 10 seconds with a standard synthesizer playing. Then it goes into a repeating musical progression in the style of rap/hip-hop. Some lyrics are included in this test, such as "feel the bass," which refers to the way audio frequencies below about 120 Hz can be "felt" as well as heard.
Eminent Technology rotary woofer bass test.
This is a bass test by Eminent Technology which was designed to test the ultra-low frequency response of rotary woofers. It is about 3 minutes and 8 seconds (3:08) long. This test consists solely of low frequency tones played at the frequencies of first, third and fifth position notes, as well as subharmonics. The majority of the tones played in this test are infrasonic (below 20 Hz).
Danger.
Many conventional subwoofers do not respond very well to infrasonic frequencies. If a test is played at high signal levels, it may damage or destroy conventional loudspeakers, even if nothing can be heard. In a ported subwoofer enclosure, the drivers may be driven past their maximum excursion, due to the lack of back pressure below certain frequencies – they may bottom out and suffer mechanical damage. In a sealed enclosure, the drivers will not move as much because of the back pressure in the box (which will greatly reduce the risk of mechanical damage), but a strong amplifier signal can still damage them by overheating the voice coil.

</doc>
<doc id="20090132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090132" title="HD 73267 b">
HD 73267 b

HD 73267 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 177 light-years away in the constellation of Pyxis, orbiting the 9th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 73267. This planet takes about 1260 days to orbit the star.
This planet was discovered on October 26, 2008 by Moutou "et al." using the HARPS spectrograph on ESO’s 3.6 meter telescope installed at La Silla Observatory in Atacama desert, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20090137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090137" title="Rogers Public School">
Rogers Public School

Rogers Public School is an elementary and middle public school in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. The school was founded in 1972. The original building, a one-floor "open-concept" school, was replaced in 2006 by a new, two-floor school.

</doc>
<doc id="20090141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090141" title="HD 20868 b">
HD 20868 b

HD 20868 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 159 light-years away in the constellation of Fornax, orbiting the 10th magnitude K-type subgiant star HD 20868. This planet has a minimum mass of 1.99 times more than Jupiter and orbits at a distance of 0.947 AU. This planet takes 380.85 days or 12.5 months to revolve around the star with an eccentricity of 0.75, one of the most eccentric of any known extrasolar planets. At periastron, the distance is 0.237 AU and at apastron, the distance is 1.66 AU.
This planet was discovered on October 26, 2008 by Moutou "et al." using the HARPS spectrograph on ESO’s 3.6 meter telescope installed at La Silla Observatory in Atacama desert, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20090142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090142" title="HD 143361 b">
HD 143361 b

HD 143361 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 194 light-years away in the constellation of Norma, orbiting the 9th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 143361. This planet has a minimum mass of 3.0 times that of Jupiter. Because the inclination is not known, the true mass is not known. This planet orbits at a distance of 2.0 AU with an orbital eccentricity of 0.18.
This object was detected using the radial velocity method during an astronomical survey conducted by the Magellan Planet Search Program using the MIKE echelle spectrograph on the 6.5-m Magellan II (Clay) telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="20090151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090151" title="HD 48265 b">
HD 48265 b

HD 48265 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 285 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis, orbiting the 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 48265. This planet has a minimum mass of 1.2 times that of Jupiter. Because the inclination is not known, the true mass is not known. This planet orbits at a distance of 1.6 AU with an orbital eccentricity of 0.24.

</doc>
<doc id="20090155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090155" title="Yorba Hacienda">
Yorba Hacienda

The Yorba Hacienda was a domestic dwelling constructed by Bernardo Yorba on the Rancho Cañón de Santa Ana Mexican land grant, and located in the present city of Yorba Linda, California. It was notable as the seat of the wealthiest member of the Yorba family and as the most palatial adobe hacienda in Alta California.
Construction.
On August 1, 1834, Mexican Governor José Figueroa granted to Bernardo Yorba on the north side of the Santa Ana River, about four miles upstream from the José Antonio Yorba hacienda "El Refugio" on Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana.
Bernardo Yorba Hacienda.
In 1835, Bernardo Yorba began construction on a two-story adobe house that was to be one of the finest and largest in all of Alta California. Construction was completed in stages over several years. The main buildings were arranged to form three sides of a square and boasted 200 rooms, although older, more conservative accounts list at least fifty rooms. The southern face of the main structure was measured to be 106 feet in length and surviving photographs show it to be over 20 feet at the peak of the roof. Pine beams were cut and brought by oxen from the San Bernardino Mountains to add support to the structures. Indian servants who made the adobe bricks used in construction lived in their own camp closer to the river, past the chapel just east of the northern end of the old Yorba Bridge (now Imperial Highway bridge).
Iglesia de San Antonio.
Around the time of Bernardo's death in 1858, a small adobe chapel, Iglesia de San Antonio, was built about 1,000 yards southwest of the residence. It was dedicated on April 29, 1860 to San Antonio, patron saint of the Yorba household. In the 1890s the adobe chapel was so weathered that a wooden church was built a few yards away on the west side. The wooden church was abandoned about 1948 and was gone by 1956.
Yorba Cemetery.
About the time the adobe chapel was built, a plot of land on the hill overlooking the hacienda to its southeast was set aside as the Yorba Cemetery. Over 400 people were buried there through the 1930s. Bernardo's remains, those of his second wife, and eight other Yorbas were re-interred there in 1923 when the Old Calvary Cemetery in Los Angeles was closed due to construction. The last burials were in 1939.
Life at the Hacienda.
The rancho headquarters, Hacienda de San Antonio, was also known as Rancho San Antonio. Other names include San Antonio de Santa Ana or San Antonio de los Yorbas. This was the center of all activity in the area in that time. In 1842 Governor Manuel Micheltorena stayed at the Yorba homestead and supplied his soldiers with provisions from the ranch. On January 6, 1847 General Stephen W. Kearny and Commodore Robert F. Stockton camped just down stream from the hacienda, in a Yorba irrigation ditch which ran from the Santa Ana River to Santa Ana Vieja. Just days later they won the Battle of Rio San Gabriel near Los Angeles, securing southern California for the Americans and leading to the end of Mexican rule in California.
Being far from the nearest town, Los Angeles, Bernado Yorba thought it wise to have all the trades represented on site. There were four woolcombers, two tanners, one soapmaker, and one butter and cheese man who supervised the milking of 50 to 60 cows. There was also a harness maker, two shoe makers, a jeweler, and one plasterer as well as a carpenter and a blacksmith. Yorba also had two errand boys, one sheepherder, a cook and a baker. Also employed were two washer women, one woman to iron, four sewing women, a dressmaker, two gardeners, a schoolmaster and winemakers. Among the wines made, Angelica and Port are mentioned, as well as the distilling of whiskey and brandy. Provisions were brought all the way from San Francisco for the hacienda; dates, dried fruits, fancy crackers and candy were also supplied to surrounding ranches. About 100 Gabrieleño Indians worked for Bernardo Yorba on the rancho, living in a nearby village.
As the auxiliary alcalde, Bernardo needed a place to keep lawbreakers. A jail was located between the main residence and the schoolrooms. The dark cellar below ground was called the 'dungeon' where criminals were locked up.
After the death of Bernardo Yorba in 1858, the Indian servants left and the hacienda went into a slow decline as property and land was divided among the Yorba heirs.
Destruction.
In 1917 and again in late 1919, Don Meadows and Roch Bradshaw, two local students, visited the ruins to measure, photograph and study all they could. Don Meadows would later write a short account of their explorations, published as "The House of Bernardo Yorba" by the Orange County Historical Society. The Yorba family and the County Supervisors could not agree on the amount of land to be set aside for the preservation of the Yorba home. In 1926 the property's owner, Samuel Kraemer, demolished the building to prevent further vandalism, and plowed in a new barley field on the site. All the adobe ruins and the remaining trees were torn down and deposited into a barranca nearby. The Yorba cemetery closed in 1939 and thereafter vandals destroyed or stole many of the grave markers.
Present day.
The site of the hacienda is registered by the state as California Historical Landmark #226. A stone marker, placed by the California Centennials Commission and dedicated 3 May 1950, has a bronze plaque titled "Site of Don Bernardo Yorba Hacienda" which gives a brief summary of the historical background of the site. The marker faces south and is located on the northeast corner of Esperanza Road and Echo Hill Lane in Yorba Linda, at the entrance to the Fairmont Hill community. According to the plaque, the base was furnished by the Placentia Round Table Club and supposedly contains some of the original adobe bricks from the hacienda structure salvaged from the barranca where it was dumped. There are a few red bricks found on the backside, but most of the base seems to be made of large stones cemented together. The site marker is actually 55 yards northeast from the east wall of the original main structure. Based on survey reports registered with the county, the true site of this structure is parallel with the road in what is now the westbound fast lane of Esperanza road on the north side of the center divider, midway along the left turn lane opposite Echo Hill Lane.
The Yorba Cemetery, now surrounded by Woodgate Park and Woodgate Condominium Association, is the only surviving part of the Yorba Hacienda. The cemetery was deeded to the county of Orange in 1967 and is presently (2010) administered by the county parks department. Restoration efforts are underway and tours are available.

</doc>
<doc id="20090161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20090161" title="Chakhei English School">
Chakhei English School

Chakhei English School is an English medium school at Chakhei town in Siaha district in southern part of Mizoram state. The school is under 'Mara Board of School Education' which is the school board of Mara Autonomous District Council, an autonomous governing body for Mara ethnic people in Mizoram state, northeast India.
The beginning.
Chakhei English School started as a private English medium school as C. Ngiatu Memorial English Medium School founded by Rev. RK. Chozah in 2001. It began with few students that were admitted to KG 1, KG II and class I. Year after year one class was added and with the demand of English medium of instruction raising each year, the students swelled up each year; and from 2005, the school board renamed the school to Chakhei English School and now it is offering up to class VII. Within few years it will be extended to class X. 
SSA Teachers.
With the help of Sharva Shiksha Abhyan (SSA), Mizoram State, two teachers were appointed and they are being paid by the SSA Mizoram. Chakhei people have praised the initiatives from the central and state governments on SSA.

</doc>
