<doc id="19826988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19826988" title="Courtesy book">
Courtesy book

A Courtesy book or Book of Manners was a book dealing with issues of etiquette, behaviour and morals, with a particular focus on the life at princely courts. Courtesy literature can be traced back to 13th Century German and Italian writers.
In England the vogue for such literature derived primarily from Elizabethan translations of three sixteenth-century Italian texts on courtly manners and morals: Baldassarre Castiglione’s "Il Cortegiano" (1528), Giovanni della Casa’s "Il Galateo" (1558) and Stefano Guazzo’s "La Civil Conversazione" (1574). Thomas Hoby published "The Courtyer", his version of "Il Cortegiano", in 1561 (although he had made the translation a decade earlier). The work was read widely and influenced the writings of Shakespeare, Spenser and Ben Jonson. Robert Peterson’s translation of "Il Galateo" appeared in 1576. George Pettie published "The Civil Conversation", his translation of the first three books of Guazzo’s text, in 1581; the fourth and final book appeared five years later in a translation by Bartholomew Yonge. A well-known English example of the genre is Henry Peacham’s "The Compleat Gentleman" of 1622.

</doc>
<doc id="19827007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827007" title="William Bonville, 6th Baron Harington">
William Bonville, 6th Baron Harington

William Bonville, 6th Baron Harington (1442 – 30 December 1460) was an English nobleman who was a loyal adherent of the House of York during the dynastic conflict in England in the 15th century known as the Wars of the Roses. He was executed following the Yorkist defeat at the Battle of Wakefield, leaving his six-month-old daughter, Cecily Bonville heiress to his barony.
Family.
William was born in Chewton Mendip, Somersetshire, England to William Bonville and Elizabeth Harington. His paternal grandparents were William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville and Margaret Grey. His maternal grandparents were William Harington, 5th Baron Harington of Aldingham (c. 1394 - 1458) and Margaret Hill.
In 1458, he succeeded his grandfather as the 6th Baron Harington of Aldingham by right of his mother, who had died in her father's lifetime.
Marriage and death.
The same year in which he gained his title, William married Lady Katherine Neville, a younger sister of military commander Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, known as "Warwick the Kingmaker". They had one child, Cecily Bonville.
William survived the Yorkist defeat at the Battle of Wakefield, but was executed on 17th February 1461 immediately after the Second Battle of St Albans by the troops of the Queen consort, Margaret of Anjou, who headed the Lancastrian faction. The Bonvilles were loyal adherents of the House of York.
His widow, Katherine married secondly William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings, another Yorkist nobleman, by whom she had six more children. Cecily succeeded to William's barony, becoming the 7th Baroness Harington of Aldingham "suo jure", on his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19827035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827035" title="Swimming at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of 56 events, 28 for men and 28 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19827036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827036" title="Haishu District">
Haishu District

Since the district has a Drum Tower ("gulou") that was constructed during the Tang Dynasty, it is alternatively called "Haishu Lou". The district's total area is 29 square kilometers, and its population is 280,000 people. The district's postal code is 315000. The district people's government is located at 229 Lingqiao Road.
Administrative regions.
The district administers eight streets, 66 communities, and 16 administrative villages.
Street offices: Lingta Street, Yuehu Street, Gulou Street, Nanmen Street, Ximen Street, Baiyun Street, Duantang Street, and Wangchun Street. 

</doc>
<doc id="19827044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827044" title="West Coast Senior Hockey League">
West Coast Senior Hockey League

The West Coast Senior Hockey League (WCSHL) was a senior ice hockey league with teams based in Newfoundland and Labrador. In the summer of 2011, the WCSHL merged with the Avalon East Senior Hockey League to form the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League.
Teams.
The WCSHL was composed of the following teams in 2010-11:
Champions.
Bolded marks Herder Memorial Trophy champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19827109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827109" title="The Peach Season">
The Peach Season

The Peach Season is a play by the Australian playwright Debra Oswald. It premiered at Sydney's Griffin Theatre Company in March 2006.
The play was short-listed for the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards.
"The Peach Season" evokes the heat, scent and hard slog of a peach farm at harvest time. When a desperate brother and sister turn up looking for picking work, it triggers strong feelings, bad decisions and danger.
Summary.
Celia owns the farm. She left Sydney, with baby Zoe in her arms, sixteen years ago when her husband was killed as a bystander in an armed robbery. She has constructed a small haven, keeping her daughter safe from the dangers of the world. But Zoe is chafing against Celia's protectiveness.
This is a moving and suspenseful story about intoxicating first love and the burning love of a mother for a child. It's a story about our overwhelming desire to protect the people we love and the painful necessity to let children go out into the world. 
Details of Premiere Production.
A Griffin Theatre Company production at the SBW Stables Theatre. Previewed 10-14 March 2006 and played 15 March-22 April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19827134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827134" title="List of Governors of the Province of Cartagena">
List of Governors of the Province of Cartagena

The Province of Cartagena de Indias, Colombia was erected in 1533, instantaneously after the conquistador Don Pedro de Heredia set foot on the city, thus fulfilling his part in the contract of conquest made with the King Charles V of Spain.
It changed names and even became independent during the 19th century but essentially conserved its territorial area.
The following is the list of the Governors or Presidents of the Province, or in other cases Republic of Cartagena.
Leaders of the territory when it was an independent nation are also included here.
Province of Cartagena de Indias (1533-1810).
The province of Cartagena in its initial form lasted between 1533 and 1810, the title of the province's chief executive was Governor. With exceptions in 1539 and 1540, provisional leaders served without that title and during the Viceroyalty the administrative power of the governor diminished due to the presence of the Viceroy in Cartagena de Indias and its election as alternative capital of the New Grenada.
During this time, Cartagena de Indias mayor had some powers (judicial and administrative of other kind) that actually has not, and many of the powers vested in today's mayor were of the Governor, making him besides its military and budgetary authority in the province, a semi-mayor of the capital city, and because of its importance had significant autonomy from Bogotá playing a vital role in the New Grenada balance of powers.
In this list appears the title, name, length of the governorship and notes about the incumbency.
Peninsular War, Revolution and Independence (1810-1820).
The events of the peninsular war and the convocation of Juntas throughout Spain transformed the traditional order. Although everything remained the same, the instability of this period makes almost impossible to state what was the precise status of the province.
This triumvirate was fragile and was replaced by a "Supreme Junta" where the locals had more power, this could be regarded as a sort of fight between the virtually nonexistent royal power and the city councils.
By this time the chaos dominated the political scene, many reclaimed independence of the viceroyalty, others of the province, others the return of the Ancien regime and others keeping the status quo during this time, being the governor, or whatever the title had the office, was always a short victory of each faction.
In 11 November 1811, the Assembly declared Cartagena de Indias an independent nation, from Spain, and also of any type of control from Bogotá and proceeded to elect his first president. The majority of historians regard this as very important but, in practice, those who voted against independence adhered to the Cádiz Cortes, Napoleon I, Charles IV or even an ethereal absolutism in name of Ferdinand VII of Spain. Again, the office of governor with all the men under its command was in the service of the faction in power, making the province switching from absolutist, to pan-Hispanic liberal, to independent, to absolutist again.
Between 1811 and 1814 the original province annexed through war the neighboring province of Santa Marta, unifying for the first time the eastern Caribbean Coast of South America. This expansion of and consolidation of the Cartagena Republic was short-lived, the pan-Hispanic liberals adhering to the Cádiz Cortes took office again and stopped hostilities against the royalists in Santa Marta but kept the lands gained by the revolutionaries.
After the city and its province returned to the hands of the absolutist royalists in 1815 the Ancien regime so longed by most of the capital and its inhabitants proved to be anachronous, because the problems created by the revolution and the new times that came with it overturned the old system, and the representatives of the absolutism were just that: representatives, they followed orders, and restoration was harsh without concessions, almost all historians coincide that that was the sign of the failure of the restoration.
The holocaust of Cartagena, the failure of the restoration and the growing radicalism of the second reign of the recently restored Ferdinand VII fed the Spanish Americas with the real desire of independence for the first time, after the dramatic but lets say educational experience of home rule. The campaign of reconquista of Pablo Morillo from Cartagena became harder and harder because popular sentiment began to shift from the first time for full union of the provinces and independence of Spain.
Intendency of the Magdalena River and the Isthmus (1820-1832).
In August 1820, the Province of Cartagena was finally annexed to Greater Colombia and finally the revolutionary wars ended. In 1821 Cartagena and Santa Marta provinces merged in the Intendency of the Magdalena River and the Isthmus, and were ruled over a Prefect Intendent from Cartagena de Indias.

</doc>
<doc id="19827136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827136" title="Derek Kwok">
Derek Kwok

Derek Kwok (Kwok Chi-kin) (Chinese: 郭子健) is a film director. He won the 28th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best New Director with his film "The Moss".

</doc>
<doc id="19827143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827143" title="Canada–Malaysia relations">
Canada–Malaysia relations

Canada–Malaysia relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Canada and Malaysia. Canada has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has a high commission in Ottawa. Both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Nations. Canada have a long history of close and friendly bilateral relations with Malaysia and also was the first country to recognize Malaysia independence.
Science and technologies.
Canada and Malaysia also strengthening ties in sectors such as aerospace, green technology, agriculture, transport, oil and gas.
Trade.
Canada's trade relationship with Malaysia includes commerce across several sectors. Malaysia also are one of the Trans-Pacific Strategic Economic Partnership members which Canada join on 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19827148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827148" title="Elasticity coefficient">
Elasticity coefficient

The rate of a chemical reaction is influenced by many different factors, such as temperature, pH, reactant and product concentrations and other effectors. The degree to which these factors change the reaction rate is described by the elasticity coefficient. This coefficient is defined as follows:
formula_1
where formula_2 denotes the reaction rate and formula_3 denotes the substrate concentration. The partial derivative in the definition indicates that the elasticity is measured with respect to changes in a factor S while keeping all other factors constant. The most common factors include substrates, products and effectors. The scaling of the coefficient ensures that it is dimensionless and independent of the units used to measure the reaction rate and magnitude of the factor. The elasticity coefficient is an integral part of metabolic control analysis and was introduced in the early 1970s and possibly earlier by Henrik Kacser and Burns in Edinburgh and Heinrich and Rapoport in Berlin.
The elasticity concept has also been described by other authors, most notably Savageau in Michigan and Clarke at Edmonton. In the late 1960s Michael Savageau developed an innovative approach called biochemical systems theory that uses power-law expansions to approximate the nonlinearities in biochemical kinetics. The theory is very similar to metabolic control analysis and has been very successfully and extensively used to study the properties of different feedback and other regulatory structures in cellular networks. The power-law expansions used in the analysis invoke coefficients called kinetic orders which are equivalent to the elasticity coefficients.
Bruce Clarke in the early 1970s developed a sophisticated theory on analyzing the dynamic stability in chemical networks. As part of his analysis Clarke also introduced the notion of kinetic orders and a power-law approximation that was somewhat similar to Savageau's power-law expansions. Clarke's approach relied heavily on certain structural characteristics of networks, called extreme currents (also called elementary modes in biochemical systems). Clarke's kinetic orders are also equivalent to elasticities.
The fact that different groups independently introduced the same concept implies that elasticities, or their equivalent, kinetic orders, are most likely a fundamental concept in the analysis of complex biochemical or chemical systems.
Calculating elasticity coefficients.
Elasticity coefficients can be calculated in various ways, either numerically or algebraically.
Algebraic calculation of elasticity coefficients.
Given the definition of the elasticity in terms of a partial derivative it is possible for example to determine the elasticity of an arbitrary rate law by differentiating the rate law by the independent variable and scaling. For example the elasticity coefficient for a mass-action rate law such as:
formula_4
where formula_5 is the reaction rate, formula_6 the reaction rate constant, formula_7 is the ith chemical species involved in the reaction and formula_8 the ith reaction order, then the elasticity, formula_9 can be obtained by differentiating the rate law with respect to formula_10 and scaling:
formula_11
That is the elasticity for a mass-action rate law is equal to the order of reaction of the species.
Elasticities can also be derived for more complex rate laws such as the Michaelis-Menten rate law. If
formula_12
then it can be easily shown than
formula_13
This equation illustrates the idea that elasticities need not be constants (as with mass-action laws) but can be a function
of the reactant concentration. In this case the elasticity approaches unity at low reactant concentration (S) and zero at high reactant concentration.
For the reversible Michaelis-Menten rate law:
formula_14
where formula_15 is the forward formula_16, formula_17 the forward formula_18, formula_19 the equilibrium constant and formula_20 the reverse formula_21, two elasticity coefficients can be calculated, one with respect to S and another with respect to P. Thus:
formula_22
formula_23
where formula_24 is the mass-action ratio, that is formula_25. Note that when P = 0, the equations reduce to the case for the irreversible Michaelis-Menten law.
As a final example, consider the Hill equation:
formula_26
where n is the Hill coefficient and formula_27 is the half-saturation coefficient (cf. Michaelis-Menten rate law), then the elasticity coefficient is given by:
formula_28
Note that at low S the elasticity approaches n. At high S the elasticity approaches zero. This means the elasticity is bounded between zero and the Hill coefficient.
Differentiating in log space.
An approach that is amenable to algebraic calculation by computer algebra methods is to differentiate in log space. Since the elasticity can be defined logarithmically, that is:
formula_29
differentiating in log space is an obvious approach. Logarithmic differentiation is particularly convenient in algebra software such as Mathematica or Maple, where logarithmic differentiation rules can be defined.
Numerical calculation of elasticity coefficients.
Elasticities coefficient can also be computed numerically, something that is often done in simulation software.
Elasticity matrix.
The unscaled elasticities are often depicted in matrix form, called the elasticity matrix. Given a network with m molecular species and n reactions, then the elasticity matrix is defined as:
formula_30

</doc>
<doc id="19827150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827150" title="Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode">
Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode

Frederick of Anhalt-Harzgerode (16 November 1613, Ensdorf, Bavaria – 30 June 1670, Plötzkau), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the first ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Harzgerode.
He was the fourth (but third surviving son) of Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Anna, daughter of Arnold III, Count of Bentheim-Steinfurt-Tecklenburg-Limburg. In fact, he was the youngest son of his parents who survived into adulthood: his younger brother, Frederick Louis, born in 1619, died in infancy.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1630, Frederick and his brother Ernest were excluded from the government of Anhalt-Bernburg by their older brother Christian II. Ernest died two years later, unmarried and childless.
Only in 1635 Christian II concluded a treaty to divide the principality with Frederick, then his only surviving brother, who received Harzgerode.
Frederick ruled his small principality without complications for almost thirty years, until 1665, when the extinction of the line of Anhalt-Plötzkau changed the original division of the Anhalt principalities. Plötzkau returned to Anhalt-Bernburg, from which it was originally extracted in order to create a new principality; Christian II granted this land to Frederick, who moved there until his death, five years later.
From 1660 until 1668, Frederick was heir presumptive to the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg, preceded only by his nephew Victor Amadeus.
Marriages and Issue.
In Bückeburg on 10 August 1642 Frederick married Johanna Elisabeth (b. Dillenburg, 7 January 1619 - d. Harzgerode, 2 March 1647), daughter of John Louis, Prince of Nassau-Hadamar. They had three children:
In Harzgerode on 26 May 1657 Frederick married for a second time to Anna Katharina (b. Brake, 31 July 1612 - d. Harzgerode, 15 October 1659), daughter of Simon VII, Count of Lippe-Detmold. This union was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="19827151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827151" title="David Diach">
David Diach

David Angelo Diach Madrigal (born 7 June 1974) is a Costa Rican professional footballer.
He currently plays for América de Chimaltenango in the Guatemalan Second Division.
Club career.
Diach has played for several clubs in Costa Rica. He had spells with Trikala and Paniliakos in the Greek Super League during the 1999-00 season, and also had a brief spell with C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo in El Salvador where he scored 14 goals.
He returned to Costa Rica, to play for Club Sport Herediano until he joined Asociación Deportiva Carmelita in June 2007. He joined América de Chimaltenango in Guatemala for the 2009–2010 season.
International career.
Diach has made six appearances for the Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a qualifying match for the 1998 FIFA World Cup against Canada on November 16, 1997.
References.
www.futbolchimalteco.com

</doc>
<doc id="19827167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827167" title="Secrets of Sinister House">
Secrets of Sinister House

Secrets of Sinister House was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1972–1974, a companion to "Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion".
Publication history.
After four issues as The Sinister House of Secret Love, which featured Gothic romance/horror stories written by Michael Fleisher, the title changed to "Secrets of Sinister House", and the original format and romance angle was abandoned the following issue. 
In the same vein as "House of Mystery" and "House of Secrets" (as well as its successor, "Secrets of Haunted House"), "Secrets of Sinister House" was "hosted" by Eve (the character debuted in issue #6) and included guest appearances by Eve's cousins Cain and Abel. All three characters would later serve as supporting characters in Neil Gaiman's "Sandman". In issue #16, Eve was removed as host — as editor Joe Orlando departed from the title, replaced by Jack C. Harris — to focus on the concept of the "sinister houses." The following month, she began nudging Destiny out of "Weird Mystery Tales".
"Secrets of Sinister House" was canceled after publishing fourteen issues in two years. (Together, "Sinister House of Secret Love" and "Secrets of Sinister House" published eighteen issues.)
Edited by Joe Orlando and E. Nelson Bridwell, contributors to the title included Alfredo Alcala (issues #6, 13, 14), Robert Kanigher (#6, 9, 11), Sam Glanzman (#7), Michael William Kaluta (covers for issues #6, 7), Maxene Fabe (#8 & 11), Ruben Yandoc (#8 & 11), Jack Oleck (#9, 12, 13), Neal Adams (#10), Mike Sekowsky (#14), and Alex Niño (#8, 11-13).

</doc>
<doc id="19827168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827168" title="The Road to Freedom (Chris de Burgh album)">
The Road to Freedom (Chris de Burgh album)

The Road To Freedom is singer Chris de Burgh's 15th original album, released in 2004.
Track listing.
All compositions by Chris de Burgh

</doc>
<doc id="19827171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827171" title="Table tennis at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of nineteen events, ten for men and nine for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19827211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827211" title="2010 Arctic Winter Games">
2010 Arctic Winter Games

The 2010 Arctic Winter Games were held in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada from March 6 to 13th. 
The Arctic Winter Games is an international biannual celebration of circumpolar sports and culture, held in Canada or Alaska.
Over 2,000 athletes from nine teams (Alaska, Alberta North, Yukon, Yamal-Nenets, Northwest Territories, Greenland, Nunavik Québec, Nunavut and Saami) participated in the games.
Sports included alpine skiing, arctic sports, badminton, basketball, biathlon, curling, dene games, dog mushing, figure skating, freestyle skiing, gymnastics, hockey, indoor soccer, snowboarding, snowshoeing, speed skating, table tennis, volleyball and wrestling.
The next Arctic Winter Games were held in 2012 in Whitehorse, Yukon.

</doc>
<doc id="19827220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827220" title="TSF Ditzingen">
TSF Ditzingen

The TSF Ditzingen is a German association football club from the city of Ditzingen, Baden-Württemberg.
History.
The club was formed on 2 July 1893 under the name of TV Ditzingen. However, it did not have a football department until 1920. The club changed its name in 1919 to TSVgg Ditzingen after a merger. 
The club existed for most of its life as an undistinguished amateur club, lingering in the lower divisions of Württemberg football. The club fluctuated between "Kreisklass A" and "Kreisklasse B" in those years, the local fifth and sixth division. Only in 1950 could it briefly gain entry to the tier-four "2nd Amateurliga". 
It began its rise to prominence in the mid-1980s when a couple of quick promotions took the "TSF" from the tier-eight "Kreisliga B" to the tier-three "Amateuroberliga Baden-Württemberg" in 1991. One of the players in this team was Fredi Bobic, who later played for Germany internationally. Bobic was the "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" top-scorer in 1991–92, playing for the "TSF", with 19 goals.
In 1993, the club managed to win the Württemberg Cup, beating SV Böblingen 3–2 in the final. This allowed the "TSF" to take part in the DFB Cup 1993-94, where it lost to Hansa Rostock 0–2 in the second round.
In three seasons in the "Oberliga", the club did well enough to qualify for the new "Regionalliga Süd", which was formed in 1994. Initially, in this new league, Ditzingen performed well, too, finishing 6th and 5th in its first two seasons. In the 1994–95 season, Sean Dundee scored 24 goals for the team and came second in the "Regionalliga" scorer list.
From 1996, the club declined however, having to struggle against relegation instead. When, in 2000, the number of "Regionalligas" was reduced from four to two, the "TSF" failed to make the cut, having finished only 15th in the league.
With the end of the club's "miracle" rise, it was handed down through the "Oberliga" within two seasons to the "Verbandsliga". After 2008, the club went into free fall, suffering three consecutive relegations and ending up in the tier-nine Kreisliga A Enns/Murr in 2011-12. It one promotion back to the Bezirksliga for a season but was relegated back down to the Kreisliga in 2013.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="19827221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827221" title="Arthropod">
Arthropod

An arthropod is an invertebrate animal having an exoskeleton (external skeleton), a segmented body, and jointed appendages. Arthropods are members of the phylum Arthropoda (from Greek "", "joint", and "pous" (gen. "podos"), i.e. "foot" or "leg", which together mean "jointed leg"), and include the insects, arachnids, and crustaceans.
Arthropods are characterized by their jointed limbs and cuticles, which are mainly made of α-chitin; the cuticles of crustaceans are also biomineralized with calcium carbonate. The rigid cuticle inhibits growth, so arthropods replace it periodically by moulting. The arthropod body plan consists of repeated segments, each with a pair of appendages. Their versatility has enabled them to become the most species-rich members of all ecological guilds in most environments. They have over a million described species, making up more than 80% of all described living animal species, some of which, unlike most animals, are very successful in dry environments. They range in size from microscopic plankton up to forms a few meters long. Arthropods' primary internal cavity is a hemocoel, which accommodates their internal organs, and through which their haemolymph - analogue of blood - circulates; they have open circulatory systems. Like their exteriors, the internal organs of arthropods are generally built of repeated segments. Their nervous system is "ladder-like", with paired ventral nerve cords running through all segments and forming paired ganglia in each segment. Their heads are formed by fusion of varying numbers of segments, and their brains are formed by fusion of the ganglia of these segments and encircle the esophagus. The respiratory and excretory systems of arthropods vary, depending as much on their environment as on the subphylum to which they belong.
Their vision relies on various combinations of compound eyes and pigment-pit ocelli: in most species the ocelli can only detect the direction from which light is coming, and the compound eyes are the main source of information, but the main eyes of spiders are ocelli that can form images and, in a few cases, can swivel to track prey. Arthropods also have a wide range of chemical and mechanical sensors, mostly based on modifications of the many setae (bristles) that project through their cuticles. Arthropods' methods of reproduction and development are diverse; all terrestrial species use internal fertilization, but this is often by indirect transfer of the sperm via an appendage or the ground, rather than by direct injection. Aquatic species use either internal or external fertilization. Almost all arthropods lay eggs, but scorpions give birth to live young after the eggs have hatched inside the mother. Arthropod hatchlings vary from miniature adults to grubs and caterpillars that lack jointed limbs and eventually undergo a total metamorphosis to produce the adult form. The level of maternal care for hatchlings varies from nonexistent to the prolonged care provided by scorpions.
The evolutionary ancestry of arthropods dates back to the Cambrian period. The group is generally regarded as monophyletic, and many analyses support the placement of arthropods with cycloneuralians (or their constituent clades) in a superphylum Ecdysozoa. Overall however, the basal relationships of Metazoa are not yet well resolved. Likewise, the relationships between various arthropod groups are still actively debated.
Arthropods contribute to the human food supply both directly as food, and more importantly as pollinators of crops. Some specific species are known to spread severe disease to humans, livestock, and crops.
Description.
Arthropods are invertebrates with segmented bodies and jointed limbs. The limbs form part of an exoskeleton, which is mainly made of α-chitin, a derivative of glucose. One other group of animals, the tetrapods, has jointed limbs, but tetrapods are vertebrates and therefore have endoskeletons.
Diversity.
One estimate indicates that arthropods have 1,170,000 described species, and account for over 80% of all known living animal species. Another study estimates that there are between 5 to 10 million extant arthropod species, both described and yet to be described. Estimating the total number of living species is extremely difficult because it often depends on a series of assumptions in order to scale up from counts at specific locations to estimates for the whole world. A study in 1992 estimated that there were 500,000 species of animals and plants in Costa Rica alone, of which 365,000 were arthropods. Arthropods are one of the most ubiquitous groups of multicellular organisms found in the biosphere.
They are important members of marine, freshwater, land and air ecosystems, and are one of only two major animal groups that have adapted to life in dry environments; the other is amniotes, whose living members are reptiles, birds and mammals. One arthropod sub-group, insects, is the most species-rich member of all ecological guilds in land and fresh-water environments. The lightest insects weigh less than 25 micrograms (millionths of a gram), while the heaviest weigh over . Some living crustaceans are much larger; for example, the legs of the Japanese spider crab may span up to .
Segmentation.
The embryos of all arthropods are segmented, built from a series of repeated modules. The last common ancestor of living arthropods probably consisted of a series of undifferentiated segments, each with a pair of appendages that functioned as limbs. However all known living and fossil arthropods have grouped segments into tagmata in which segments and their limbs are specialized in various ways; The three-part appearance of many insect bodies and the two-part appearance of spiders is a result of this grouping; in fact there are no external signs of segmentation in mites. Arthropods also have two body elements that are not part of this serially repeated pattern of segments, an acron at the front, ahead of the mouth, and a telson at the rear, behind the anus. The eyes are mounted on the acron.
The original structure of arthropod appendages was probably biramous, with the upper branch acting as a gill while the lower branch was used for walking. In some segments of all known arthropods the appendages have been modified, for example to form gills, mouth-parts, antennae for collecting information, or claws for grasping; arthropods are "like Swiss Army knives, each equipped with a unique set of specialized tools." In many arthropods, appendages have vanished from some regions of the body, and it is particularly common for abdominal appendages to have disappeared or be highly modified.
The most conspicuous specialization of segments is in the head. The four major groups of arthropods – Chelicerata (includes spiders and scorpions), Crustacea (shrimps, lobsters, crabs, etc.), Tracheata (arthropods that breathe via channels into their bodies; includes insects and myriapods), and the extinct trilobites – have heads formed of various combinations of segments, with appendages that are missing or specialized in different ways. In addition some extinct arthropods, such as "Marrella", belong to none of these groups, as their heads are formed by their own particular combinations of segments and specialized appendages. Working out the evolutionary stages by which all these different combinations could have appeared is so difficult that it has long been known as "the arthropod head problem". In 1960 R. E. Snodgrass even hoped it would not be solved, as trying to work out solutions was so much fun.
Exoskeleton.
Arthropod exoskeletons are made of cuticle, a non-cellular material secreted by the epidermis. Their cuticles vary in the details of their structure, but generally consist of three main layers: the epicuticle, a thin outer waxy coat that moisture-proofs the other layers and gives them some protection; the exocuticle, which consists of chitin and chemically hardened proteins; and the endocuticle, which consists of chitin and unhardened proteins. The exocuticle and endocuticle together are known as the procuticle. Each body segment and limb section is encased in hardened cuticle. The joints between body segments and between limb sections are covered by flexible cuticle.
The exoskeletons of most aquatic crustaceans are biomineralized with calcium carbonate extracted from the water. Some terrestrial crustaceans have developed means of storing the mineral, since on land they cannot rely on a steady supply of dissolved calcium carbonate. Biomineralization generally affects the exocuticle and the outer part of the endocuticle. Two recent hypotheses about the evolution of biomineralization in arthropods and other groups of animals propose that it provides tougher defensive armor, and that it allows animals to grow larger and stronger by providing more rigid skeletons; and in either case a mineral-organic composite exoskeleton is cheaper to build than an all-organic one of comparable strength.
The cuticle may have setae (bristles) growing from special cells in the epidermis. Setae are as varied in form and function as appendages. For example, they are often used as sensors to detect air or water currents, or contact with objects; aquatic arthropods use feather-like setae to increase the surface area of swimming appendages and to filter food particles out of water; aquatic insects, which are air-breathers, use thick felt-like coats of setae to trap air, extending the time they can spend under water; heavy, rigid setae serve as defensive spines.
Although all arthropods use muscles attached to the inside of the exoskeleton to flex their limbs, some still use hydraulic pressure to extend them, a system inherited from their pre-arthropod ancestors; for example, all spiders extend their legs hydraulically and can generate pressures up to eight times their resting level.
Moulting.
The exoskeleton cannot stretch and thus restricts growth. Arthropods therefore replace their exoskeletons by moulting, or shedding the old exoskeleton after growing a new one that is not yet hardened. Moulting cycles run nearly continuously until an arthropod reaches full size.
In the initial phase of moulting, the animal stops feeding and its epidermis releases moulting fluid, a mixture of enzymes that digests the endocuticle and thus detaches the old cuticle. This phase begins when the epidermis has secreted a new epicuticle to protect it from the enzymes, and the epidermis secretes the new exocuticle while the old cuticle is detaching. When this stage is complete, the animal makes its body swell by taking in a large quantity of water or air, and this makes the old cuticle split along predefined weaknesses where the old exocuticle was thinnest. It commonly takes several minutes for the animal to struggle out of the old cuticle. At this point the new one is wrinkled and so soft that the animal cannot support itself and finds it very difficult to move, and the new endocuticle has not yet formed. The animal continues to pump itself up to stretch the new cuticle as much as possible, then hardens the new exocuticle and eliminates the excess air or water. By the end of this phase the new endocuticle has formed. Many arthropods then eat the discarded cuticle to reclaim its materials.
Because arthropods are unprotected and nearly immobilized until the new cuticle has hardened, they are in danger both of being trapped in the old cuticle and of being attacked by predators. Moulting may be responsible for 80 to 90% of all arthropod deaths.
Internal organs.
Arthropod bodies are also segmented internally, and the nervous, muscular, circulatory, and excretory systems have repeated components. Arthropods come from a lineage of animals that have a coelom, a membrane-lined cavity between the gut and the body wall that accommodates the internal organs. The strong, segmented limbs of arthropods eliminate the need for one of the coelom's main ancestral functions, as a hydrostatic skeleton, which muscles compress in order to change the animal's shape and thus enable it to move. Hence the coelom of the arthropod is reduced to small areas around the reproductive and excretory systems. Its place is largely taken by a hemocoel, a cavity that runs most of the length of the body and through which blood flows.
Arthropods have open circulatory systems, although most have a few short, open-ended arteries. In chelicerates and crustaceans, the blood carries oxygen to the tissues, while hexapods use a separate system of tracheae. Many crustaceans, but few chelicerates and tracheates, use respiratory pigments to assist oxygen transport. The most common respiratory pigment in arthropods is copper-based hemocyanin; this is used by many crustaceans and a few centipedes. A few crustaceans and insects use iron-based hemoglobin, the respiratory pigment used by vertebrates. As with other invertebrates the respiratory pigments of those arthropods that have them are generally dissolved in the blood and rarely enclosed in corpuscles as they are in vertebrates.
The heart is typically a muscular tube that runs just under the back and for most of the length of the hemocoel. It contracts in ripples that run from rear to front, pushing blood forwards. Sections not being squeezed by the heart muscle are expanded either by elastic ligaments or by small muscles, in either case connecting the heart to the body wall. Along the heart run a series of paired ostia, non-return valves that allow blood to enter the heart but prevent it from leaving before it reaches the front.
Arthropods have a wide variety of respiratory systems. Small species often do not have any, since their high ratio of surface area to volume enables simple diffusion through the body surface to supply enough oxygen. Crustacea usually have gills that are modified appendages. Many arachnids have book lungs. Tracheae, systems of branching tunnels that run from the openings in the body walls, deliver oxygen directly to individual cells in many insects, myriapods and arachnids.
Living arthropods have paired main nerve cords running along their bodies below the gut, and in each segment the cords form a pair of ganglia from which sensory and motor nerves run to other parts of the segment. Although the pairs of ganglia in each segment often appear physically fused, they are connected by commissures (relatively large bundles of nerves), which give arthropod nervous systems a characteristic "ladder-like" appearance. The brain is in the head, encircling and mainly "above" the esophagus. It consists of the fused ganglia of the acron and one or two of the foremost segments that form the head – a total of three pairs of ganglia in most arthropods, but only two in chelicerates, which do not have antennae or the ganglion connected to them. The ganglia of other head segments are often close to the brain and function as part of it. In insects these other head ganglia combine into a pair of subesophageal ganglia, under and behind the esophagus. Spiders take this process a step further, as "all" the segmental ganglia are incorporated into the subesophageal ganglia, which occupy most of the space in the cephalothorax (front "super-segment").
There are two different types of arthropod excretory systems. In aquatic arthropods, the end-product of biochemical reactions that metabolise nitrogen is ammonia, which is so toxic that it needs to be diluted as much as possible with water. The ammonia is then eliminated via any permeable membrane, mainly through the gills. All crustaceans use this system, and its high consumption of water may be responsible for the relative lack of success of crustaceans as land animals. Various groups of terrestrial arthropods have independently developed a different system: the end-product of nitrogen metabolism is uric acid, which can be excreted as dry material; the Malpighian tubule system filters the uric acid and other nitrogenous waste out of the blood in the hemocoel, and dumps these materials into the hindgut, from which they are expelled as feces. Most aquatic arthropods and some terrestrial ones also have organs called nephridia ("little kidneys"), which extract other wastes for excretion as urine.
Senses.
The stiff cuticles of arthropods would block out information about the outside world, except that they are penetrated by many sensors or connections from sensors to the nervous system. In fact, arthropods have modified their cuticles into elaborate arrays of sensors. Various touch sensors, mostly setae, respond to different levels of force, from strong contact to very weak air currents. Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell, often by means of setae. Pressure sensors often take the form of membranes that function as eardrums, but are connected directly to nerves rather than to auditory ossicles. The antennae of most hexapods include sensor packages that monitor humidity, moisture and temperature.
Most arthropods have sophisticated visual systems that include one or more usually both of compound eyes and pigment-cup ocelli ("little eyes"). In most cases ocelli are only capable of detecting the direction from which light is coming, using the shadow cast by the walls of the cup. However the main eyes of spiders are pigment-cup ocelli that are capable of forming images, and those of jumping spiders can rotate to track prey.
Compound eyes consist of fifteen to several thousand independent ommatidia, columns that are usually hexagonal in cross section. Each ommatidium is an independent sensor, with its own light-sensitive cells and often with its own lens and cornea. Compound eyes have a wide field of view, and can detect fast movement and, in some cases, the polarization of light. On the other hand the relatively large size of ommatidia makes the images rather coarse, and compound eyes are shorter-sighted than those of birds and mammals – although this is not a severe disadvantage, as objects and events within are most important to most arthropods. Several arthropods have color vision, and that of some insects has been studied in detail; for example, the ommatidia of bees contain receptors for both green and ultra-violet.
Most arthropods lack balance and acceleration sensors, and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up. The self-righting behavior of cockroaches is triggered when pressure sensors on the underside of the feet report no pressure. However many malacostracan crustaceans have statocysts, which provide the same sort of information as the balance and motion sensors of the vertebrate inner ear.
The proprioceptors of arthropods, sensors that report the force exerted by muscles and the degree of bending in the body and joints, are well understood. However, little is known about what other internal sensors arthropods may have.
Reproduction and development.
A few arthropods, such as barnacles, are hermaphroditic, that is, each can have the organs of both sexes. However, individuals of most species remain of one sex all their lives. A few species of insects and crustaceans can reproduce by parthenogenesis, for example, without mating, especially if conditions favor a "population explosion". However most arthropods rely on sexual reproduction, and parthenogenetic species often revert to sexual reproduction when conditions become less favorable. Aquatic arthropods may breed by external fertilization, as for example frogs also do, or by internal fertilization, where the ova remain in the female's body and the sperm must somehow be inserted. All known terrestrial arthropods use internal fertilization. Opiliones (harvestmen) and some crustaceans use modified appendages to transfer the sperm directly to the female. However, most male terrestrial arthropods produce spermatophores, waterproof packets of sperm, which the females take into their bodies. A few such species rely on females to find spermatophores that have already been deposited on the ground, but in most cases males only deposit spermatophores when complex courtship rituals look likely to be successful.
Most arthropods lay eggs, but scorpions are viviparous: they produce live young after the eggs have hatched inside the mother, and are noted for prolonged maternal care. Newly born arthropods have diverse forms, and insects alone cover the range of extremes. Some hatch as apparently miniature adults (direct development), and in some cases, such as silverfish, the hatchlings do not feed and may be helpless until after their first moult. Many insects hatch as grubs or caterpillars, which do not have segmented limbs or hardened cuticles, and metamorphose into adult forms by entering an inactive phase in which the larval tissues are broken down and re-used to build the adult body. Dragonfly larvae have the typical cuticles and jointed limbs of arthropods but are flightless water-breathers with extendable jaws. Crustaceans commonly hatch as tiny nauplius larvae that have only three segments and pairs of appendages.
Evolution.
Last common ancestor.
The last common ancestor of all arthropods is reconstructed as a modular organism with each module covered by its own sclerite (armor plate) and bearing a pair of biramous limbs. Whether the ancestral limb was uniramous or biramous is far from a settled debate, though.
This Ur-arthropod had a ventral mouth, pre-oral antennae and dorsal eyes at the front of the body. It was a non-discriminatory sediment feeder, processing whatever sediment came its way for food.
Fossil record.
It has been proposed that the Ediacaran animals "Parvancorina" and "Spriggina", from around 555 Mya, were arthropods. Small arthropods with bivalve-like shells have been found in Early Cambrian fossil beds dating in China. The earliest Cambrian trilobite fossils are about 530 million years old, but the class was already quite diverse and worldwide, suggesting that they had been around for quite some time. Re-examination in the 1970s of the Burgess Shale fossils from about identified many arthropods, some of which could not be assigned to any of the well-known groups, and thus intensified the debate about the Cambrian explosion. A fossil of "Marrella" from the Burgess Shale has provided the earliest clear evidence of moulting.
The earliest fossil crustaceans date from about in the Cambrian, and fossil shrimp from about apparently formed a tight-knit procession across the seabed. Crustacean fossils are common from the Ordovician period onwards. They have remained almost entirely aquatic, possibly because they never developed excretory systems that conserve water.
Arthropods provide the earliest identifiable fossils of land animals, from about in the Late Silurian, and terrestrial tracks from about appear to have been made by arthropods. Arthropods were well pre-adapted to colonize land, because their existing jointed exoskeletons provided protection against desiccation, support against gravity and a means of locomotion that was not dependent on water. Around the same time the aquatic, scorpion-like eurypterids became the largest ever arthropods, some as long as .
The oldest known arachnid is the trigonotarbid "Palaeotarbus jerami", from about in the Silurian period. "Attercopus fimbriunguis", from in the Devonian period, bears the earliest known silk-producing spigots, but its lack of spinnerets means it was not one of the true spiders, which first appear in the Late Carboniferous over . The Jurassic and Cretaceous periods provide a large number of fossil spiders, including representatives of many modern families. Fossils of aquatic scorpions with gills appear in the Silurian and Devonian periods, and the earliest fossil of an air-breathing scorpion with book lungs dates from the Early Carboniferous period.
The oldest definitive insect fossil is the Devonian "Rhyniognatha hirsti", dated at , but its mandibles are of a type found only in winged insects, which suggests that the earliest insects appeared in the Silurian period. The Mazon Creek lagerstätten from the Late Carboniferous, about , include about 200 species, some gigantic by modern standards, and indicate that insects had occupied their main modern ecological niches as herbivores, detritivores and insectivores. Social termites and ants first appear in the Early Cretaceous, and advanced social bees have been found in Late Cretaceous rocks but did not become abundant until the Middle Cenozoic.
Evolutionary family tree.
From 1952 to 1977, zoologist Sidnie Manton and others argued that arthropods are polyphyletic, in other words, they do not share a common ancestor that was itself an arthropod. Instead, they proposed that three separate groups of "arthropods" evolved separately from common worm-like ancestors: the chelicerates, including spiders and scorpions; the crustaceans; and the uniramia, consisting of onychophorans, myriapods and hexapods. These arguments usually bypassed trilobites, as the evolutionary relationships of this class were unclear. Proponents of polyphyly argued the following: that the similarities between these groups are the results of convergent evolution, as natural consequences of having rigid, segmented exoskeletons; that the three groups use different chemical means of hardening the cuticle; that there were significant differences in the construction of their compound eyes; that it is hard to see how such different configurations of segments and appendages in the head could have evolved from the same ancestor; and that crustaceans have biramous limbs with separate gill and leg branches, while the other two groups have uniramous limbs in which the single branch serves as a leg.
Simplified summary of Budd's "broad-scale" cladogram (1996)
Further analysis and discoveries in the 1990s reversed this view, and led to acceptance that arthropods are monophyletic, in other words they do share a common ancestor that was itself an arthropod. For example Graham Budd's analyses of "Kerygmachela" in 1993 and of "Opabinia" in 1996 convinced him that these animals were similar to onychophorans and to various Early Cambrian "lobopods", and he presented an "evolutionary family tree" that showed these as "aunts" and "cousins" of all arthropods. These changes made the scope of the term "arthropod" unclear, and Claus Nielsen proposed that the wider group should be labelled "Panarthropoda" ("all the arthropods") while the animals with jointed limbs and hardened cuticles should be called "Euarthropoda" ("true arthropods").
A contrary view was presented in 2003, when Jan Bergström and Xian-Guang Hou argued that, if arthropods were a "sister-group" to any of the anomalocarids, they must have lost and then re-evolved features that were well-developed in the anomalocarids. The earliest known arthropods ate mud in order to extract food particles from it, and possessed variable numbers of segments with unspecialized appendages that functioned as both gills and legs. Anomalocarids were, by the standards of the time, huge and sophisticated predators with specialized mouths and grasping appendages, fixed numbers of segments some of which were specialized, tail fins, and gills that were very different from those of arthropods. This reasoning implies that "Parapeytoia", which has legs and a backward-pointing mouth like that of the earliest arthropods, is a more credible closest relative of arthropods than is "Anomalocaris". In 2006, they suggested that arthropods were more closely related to lobopods and tardigrades than to anomalocarids.
Relationships of Ecdysozoa to each other and to annelids, etc., including euthycarcinoids
Higher up the "family tree", the Annelida have traditionally been considered the closest relatives of the Panarthropoda, since both groups have segmented bodies, and the combination of these groups was labelled Articulata. There had been competing proposals that arthropods were closely related to other groups such as nematodes, priapulids and tardigrades, but these remained minority views because it was difficult to specify in detail the relationships between these groups.
In the 1990s, molecular phylogenetic analyses of DNA sequences produced a coherent scheme showing arthropods as members of a superphylum labelled Ecdysozoa ("animals that moult"), which contained nematodes, priapulids and tardigrades but excluded annelids. This was backed up by studies of the anatomy and development of these animals, which showed that many of the features that supported the Articulata hypothesis showed significant differences between annelids and the earliest Panarthropods in their details, and some were hardly present at all in arthropods. This hypothesis groups annelids with molluscs and brachiopods in another superphylum, Lophotrochozoa.
If the Ecdysozoa hypothesis is correct, then segmentation of arthropods and annelids either has evolved convergently or has been inherited from a much older ancestor and subsequently lost in several other lineages, such as the non-arthropod members of the Ecdysozoa.
Classification.
Arthropods are typically classified into five subphyla, of which one is extinct:
Aside from these major groups, there are also a number of fossil forms, mostly from the Early Cambrian, which are difficult to place, either from lack of obvious affinity to any of the main groups or from clear affinity to several of them. "Marrella" was the first one to be recognized as significantly different from the well-known groups.
The phylogeny of the major extant arthropod groups has been an area of considerable interest and dispute. Recent studies strongly suggest that Crustacea, as traditionally defined, is paraphyletic, with Hexapoda having evolved from within it, so that Crustacea and Hexapoda form a clade, Pancrustacea. The position of Myriapoda, Chelicerata and Pancrustacea remains unclear . In some studies, Myriapoda is grouped with Chelicerata (forming Myriochelata); in other studies, Myriapoda is grouped with Pancrustacea (forming Mandibulata), or Myriapoda may be sister to Chelicerata plus Pancrustacea.
Phylogenetic relationships of the major extant arthropod groups according to Regier et al. (2010); traditional subphyla in bold
The placement of the extinct trilobites is also a frequent subject of dispute. One of the newer hypotheses is that the chelicerae have originated from the same pair of appendages that evolved into antennae in the ancestors of Mandibulata, which would place trilobites, which had antennae, closer to Mandibulata than Chelicerata.
Since the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature recognises no priority above the rank of family, many of the higher-level groups can be referred to by a variety of different names.
Interaction with humans.
Crustaceans such as crabs, lobsters, crayfish, shrimp and prawns have long been part of human cuisine, and are now farmed on a large commercial scale. Insects and their grubs are at least as nutritious as meat, and are eaten both raw and cooked in many cultures, excluding most European, Hindu and Islamic cultures. Cooked tarantulas are considered a delicacy in Cambodia, and by the Piaroa Indians of southern Venezuela, after the highly irritant hairs – the spider's main defense system – are removed. Humans also unintentionally eat arthropods in other foods, and food safety regulations lay down acceptable contamination levels for different kinds of food material. The intentional cultivation of arthropods and other small animals for human food, referred to as minilivestock, is now emerging in animal husbandry as an ecologically sound concept.
However, the greatest contribution of arthropods to human food supply is by pollination: a 2008 study examined the 100 crops that FAO lists as grown for food, and estimated pollination's economic value as €153 billion, or 9.5% of the value of world agricultural production used for human food in 2005. Besides pollinating, bees produce honey, which is the basis of a rapidly growing industry and international trade.
The red dye cochineal, produced from a Central American species of insect, was economically important to the Aztecs and Mayans, and while the region was under Spanish control, becoming Mexico's second most-lucrative export; and it is now regaining some of the ground it lost to synthetic competitors. The blood of horseshoe crabs contains a clotting agent Limulus Amebocyte Lysate which is now used to test that antibiotics and kidney machines are free of dangerous bacteria, and to detect spinal meningitis and some cancers. Forensic entomology uses evidence provided by arthropods to establish the time and sometimes the place of death of a human, and in some cases the cause. Recently insects have also gained attention as potential sources of drugs and other medicinal substances.
The relative simplicity of the arthropods' body plan, allowing them to move on a variety of surfaces both on land and in water, have made them useful as models for robotics. The redundancy provided by segments allows arthropods and biomimetic robots to move normally even with damaged or lost appendages.
Although arthropods are the most numerous phylum on Earth, and thousands of arthropod species are venomous, they inflict relatively few serious bites and stings on humans. Far more serious are the effects on humans of diseases carried by blood-sucking insects. Other blood-sucking insects infect livestock with diseases that kill many animals and greatly reduce the usefulness of others. Ticks can cause tick paralysis and several parasite-borne diseases in humans. A few of the closely related mites also infest humans, causing intense itching, and others cause allergic diseases, including hay fever, asthma and eczema.
Many species of arthropods, principally insects but also mites, are agricultural and forest pests. The mite "Varroa destructor" has become the largest single problem faced by beekeepers worldwide. Efforts to control arthropod pests by large-scale use of pesticides have caused long term effects on human health and on biodiversity. Increasing arthropod resistance to pesticides has led to the development of integrated pest management using a wide range of measures including biological control. Predatory mites may be useful in controlling some mite pests.

</doc>
<doc id="19827248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827248" title="Losee">
Losee

Losee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19827292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827292" title="David Olive">
David Olive

David Ian Olive (; 16 April 1937 – 7 November 2012) CBE FRS FLSW, was a British theoretical physicist. Olive made fundamental contributions to string theory and duality theory. (See GSO projection).
He was Professor of physics at Imperial College, London from 1984 to 1992. In 1992 he moved to Swansea University to help set up the new theoretical physics group.
He was awarded the Dirac Prize and Medal of the International Centre for Theoretical Physics in 1997. He was a Founding Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales.
Elected FRS 1987, and appointed CBE in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19827372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827372" title="Brachiopod">
Brachiopod

Brachiopods, phylum Brachiopoda, are marine animals that have hard "valves" (shells) on the upper and lower surfaces, unlike the left and right arrangement in bivalve molluscs. Brachiopod valves are hinged at the rear end, while the front can be opened for feeding or closed for protection. Two major groups are recognized, articulate and inarticulate. Articulate brachiopods have toothed hinges and simple opening and closing muscles, while inarticulate brachiopods have untoothed hinges and a more complex system of muscles used to keep the two halves aligned. In a typical brachiopod a stalk-like pedicle projects from an opening in one of the valves, known as the pedicle valve, attaching the animal to the seabed but clear of silt that would obstruct the opening.
The word "brachiopod" is formed from the Ancient Greek words βραχίων ("arm") and πούς ("foot"). They are often known as "lamp shells", since the curved shells of the class Terebratulida look rather like pottery oil-lamps.
Lifespans range from three to over 30 years. Ripe gametes (ova or sperm) float from the gonads into the main coelom and then exit into the mantle cavity. The larvae of inarticulate brachiopods are miniature adults, with lophophores that enable the larvae to feed and swim for months, until the animals become heavy enough to settle to the seabed. Larvae of articulate species are different from the adult forms, live only on yolk, remain only among the plankton for only a few days, and then start metamorphosing.
In addition to the traditional classification into inarticulate and articulate brachiopods, two approaches appeared in the 1990s: one groups the inarticulate Craniida with articulate brachiopods, as both used the same material in the mineral layers of the shell; the other makes the Craniida a third group, as their outer organic layer is different from that of either the others. However, some taxonomists believe it is premature to suggest higher levels of classification such as order, and recommend a bottom-up approach that identifies genera and then groups these into intermediate groups. Traditionally brachiopods have been regarded as members of or as a sister group to the deuterostomes, a superphylum that includes chordates and echinoderms. One type of analysis of brachiopods' evolutionary relationships has always placed brachiopods as protostomes, while another type has split between placing brachiopods among the protostomes or the deuterostomes.
In 2003, brachiopods were suggested to have evolved from an ancestor similar to "Halkieria", a slug-like Cambrian animal with "chain mail" on its back and a shell at the front and rear end, and the ancestral brachiopod converted its shells into a pair of valves by folding the rear part of its body under its front. However, new fossils found in 2007 to 2008 showed that tommotiids' "chain mail" formed the tube of a sessile animal, and that one tommotiid resembled phoronids, which are close relatives or a subgroup of brachiopods, while the other tommotiid bore two symmetrical plates that might be an early form of brachiopod valves. Lineages of brachiopods that have both fossil and extant taxa appeared in the early Cambrian, Ordovician, and Carboniferous periods, respectively. Other lineages have arisen and then become extinct, sometimes during severe mass extinctions. At their peak in the Paleozoic era, the brachiopods were among the most abundant filter-feeders and reef-builders, and occupied other ecological niches, including swimming in the jet-propulsion style of scallops. Brachiopod fossils have been useful indicators of climate changes during the Paleozoic. However, after the Permian–Triassic extinction event, brachiopods recovered only a third of their former diversity. A study in 2007 concluded the brachiopods were especially vulnerable to the Permian–Triassic extinction, as they built calcareous hard parts (made of calcium carbonate) and had low metabolic rates and weak respiratory systems. It was often thought that brachiopods were in decline after the Permian–Triassic extinction, and were out-competed by bivalves. However, a study in 1980 found both brachiopod and bivalve species increased from the Paleozoic to modern times, but bivalves increased faster; after the Permian–Triassic extinction, brachiopods for the first time became less diverse than bivalves.
Brachiopods live only in the sea, and most species avoid locations with strong currents or waves. Articulate species larvae settle in quickly and form dense populations in well-defined areas, while inarticulate larvae swim for up to a month and have wide ranges. Brachiopods now live mainly in cold water and low light. Fish and crustaceans seem to find brachiopod flesh distasteful and seldom attack them. Among brachiopods, only the lingulids have been fished commercially, on a very small scale. One brachiopod species may be a measure of environmental conditions around an oil terminal being built in Russia on the shore of the Sea of Japan.
Description.
Shells and their mechanisms.
Modern brachiopods range from long, and most species are about . The largest brachiopods known - "Gigantoproductus" and "Titanaria", reaching in width - occurred in the upper part of the Lower Carboniferous. Each has two valves (shell sections) which cover the dorsal and ventral surface of the animal, unlike bivalve molluscs whose shells cover the lateral surfaces. Valves are termed brachial and pedicle. The brachial valve bears on its inner surface the brachia ("arms") from which the phylum gets its name, and which supports the lophophore, used for feeding and respiration. The pedicle valve has on its inner surface the attachment to the stalk-like pedicle by which most brachiopods attach themselves to the substrate. (R.C.Moore, 1952) The brachial and pedicle valves are often called the dorsal ("upper") and ventral ("lower"), but some paleontologists regard "dorsal" and "ventral" as irrelevant terms, since they believe that the "ventral" valve was formed by folding of the upper surface under the body. The pedicle valve is typically larger than the brachial. In most articulate brachiopod species both valves are convex, the surfaces often bearing growth lines and/or other ornamentation. However, inarticulate lingulids, which burrow into the seabed, have valves that are smoother, flatter and of similar size and shape.(R.C.Moore,1952)
Articulate ("jointed") brachiopods have a tooth and socket arrangement by which the pedicle and brachial valves hinge, locking the valves against lateral displacement. Inarticulate brachiopods have no matching teeth and sockets, their valves are held together only by muscles. (R.C.Moore,1952)
All brachiopods have adductor muscles, that are set on the inside of the pedicle valve and close the valves by pulling on the part of the brachial valve ahead of the hinge. These muscles have both "quick" fibers that close the valves in emergencies and "catch" fibers that are slower but can keep the valves closed for long periods. Articulate brachiopods open the valves by means of abductor muscles, also known as diductors, which lie further to the rear and pull on the part of the brachial valve behind the hinge. Inarticulate brachiopods use a different opening mechanism, in which muscles reduce the length of the coelom (main body cavity) and make it bulge outwards, pushing the valves apart. Both classes open the valves to an angle of about 10°. The more complex set of muscles employed by inarticulate brachiopods can also operate the valves as scissors, a mechanism that lingulids use to burrow.
Each valve consists of three layers, an outer periostracum made of organic compounds and two biomineralized layers. Articulated brachiopods have an outermost periostracum made of proteins, a "primary layer" of calcite (a form of calcium carbonate) under that, and innermost a mixture of proteins and calcite. Inarticulate brachiopod shells have a similar sequence of layers, but their composition is different from that of articulated brachiopods and also varies among the classes of inarticulate brachiopods. Linguids and discinids, which have pedicles, have a matrix of glycosaminoglycans (long, unbranched polysaccharides), in which other material are embedded: chitin in the periostracum; apatite containing calcium phosphate in the primary biomineralized layer; and a complex mixture in the innermost layer, containing collagen and other proteins, chitinophosphate and apatite. Craniids, which have no pedicle and cement themselves directly to hard surfaces, have a periostracum of chitin and mineralized layers of calcite.
Shells can grown holoperipherally, where new material is added all around the margin, or mixoperipherally, where new material is added to the posterior region of the shell in an anterior direction, growing towards the other shell.
Mantle.
Brachiopods, as with molluscs, have an epithelial mantle that secretes and lines the shell, and encloses the internal organs. The brachiopod body occupies only about one-third of the internal space inside the shell, nearest the hinge. The rest of the space is lined with the mantle lobes, extensions that enclose a water-filled space in which sits the lophophore. The coelom extends into each lobe as a network of canals, which carry nutrients to the edges of the mantle.
Relatively new cells in a groove on the edges of the mantle secrete material that extends the periostracum. These cells are gradually displaced to the underside of the mantle by more recent cells in the groove, and switch to secreting the mineralized material of the shell valves. In other words, on the edge of the valve the periostracum is extended first, and then reinforced by extension of the mineralized layers under the periostracum. In most species the edge of the mantle also bears movable bristles, often called chaetae or setae, that may help defend the animals and may act as sensors. In some brachiopods groups of chaetae help to channel the flow of water into and out of the mantle cavity.
In most brachiopods, diverticula (hollow extensions) of the mantle penetrate through the mineralized layers of the valves into the periostraca. The function of these diverticula is uncertain and it is suggested that they may be storage chambers for chemicals such as glycogen, may secrete repellents to deter organisms that stick to the shell or may help in respiration. Experiments show that a brachiopod's oxygen consumption drops if petroleum jelly is smeared on the shell, clogging the diverticula.
Lophophore.
Like bryozoans and phoronids, brachiopods have a lophophore, a crown of tentacles whose cilia (fine hairs) create a water current that enables them to filter food particles out of the water. However a bryozoan or phoronid lophophore is a ring of tentacles mounted on a single, retracted stalk, while the basic form of the brachiopod lophophore is U-shaped, forming the brachia ("arms") from which the phylum gets its name. Brachiopod lophophores are non-retractable and occupy up to two-thirds of the internal space, in the frontmost area where the valves gape when opened. To provide enough filtering capacity in this restricted space, lophophores of larger brachiopods are folded in moderately to very complex shapes—loops and coils are common, and some species' lophophores resemble a hand with the fingers splayed. In all species the lophophore is supported by cartilage and by a hydrostatic skeleton (in other words by the pressure of its internal fluid), and the fluid extends into the tentacles. Some articulate brachiopods also have a brachidium, a calcareous support for the lophophore attached to the inside of the brachial valve.
The tentacles bear cilia (fine mobile hairs) on their edges and along the center. The beating of the outer cilia drives a water current from the tips of the tentacles to their bases, where it exits. Food particles that collide with the tentacles are trapped by mucus, and the cillia down the middle drive this mixture to the base of the tentacles. A brachial groove runs round the bases of the tentacles, and its own cilia pass food along the groove towards the mouth. The method used by brachiopods is known as "upstream collecting", as food particles are captured as they enter the field of cilia that creates the feeding current. This method is used by the related phoronids and bryozoans, and also by pterobranchs. Entoprocts use a similar-looking crown of tentacles, but it is solid and the flow runs from bases to tips, forming a "downstream collecting" system that catches food particles as they are about to exit.
Attachment to substrate.
Most modern species attach to hard surfaces by means of a cylindrical pedicle ("stalk"), an extension of the body wall. This has a chitinous cuticle (non-cellular "skin") and protrudes through an opening in the hinge. However, some genera such as the inarticulate "Crania" and the articulate "Lacazella" have no pedicle, and cement the rear of the "pedicle" valve to a surface so that the front is slightly inclined up away from the surface. In a few articulate genera such as "Neothyris" and "Anakinetica", the pedicles wither as the adults grow and finally lie loosely on the surface. In these genera the shells are thickened and shaped so that the opening of the gaping valves is kept free of the sediment.
Pedicles of inarticulate species are extensions of the main coelom, which houses the internal organs. A layer of longitudinal muscles lines the epidermis of the pedicle. Members of the order Lingulida have long pedicles, which they use to burrow into soft substrates, to raise the shell to the opening of the burrow to feed, and to retract the shell when disturbed. A lingulid moves its body up and down the top two-thirds of the burrow, while the remaining third is occupied only by the pedicle, with a bulb on the end that builds a "concrete" anchor. However, the pedicles of the order Discinida are short and attach to hard surfaces.
An articulate pedicle has no coelom, is constructed from a different part of the larval body, and has a core composed of connective tissue. Muscles at the rear of the body can straighten, bend or even rotate the pedicle. The far end of the pedicle generally has rootlike extensions or short papillae ("bumps"), which attach to hard surfaces. However, articulate brachiopods of genus "Chlidonophora" use a branched pedicle to anchor in sediment. The pedicle emerges from the pedicle valve, either through a notch in the hinge or, in species where the pedicle valve is longer than the brachial, from a hole where the pedicle valve doubles back to touch the brachial valve. Some species stand with the front end upwards, while others lie horizontal with the pedicle valve uppermost.
Feeding and excretion.
The water flow enters the lophophore from the sides of the open valves and exits at the front of the animal. In lingulids the entrance and exit channels are formed by groups of chaetae that function as funnels. In other brachiopods the entry and exit channels are organized by the shape of the lophophore. The lophophore captures food particles, especially phytoplankton (tiny photosynthetic organisms), and deliver them to the mouth via the brachial grooves along the bases of the tentacles.
The mouth is at the base of the lophophore. Food passes through the mouth, muscular pharynx ("throat") and oesophagus ("gullet"), all of which are lined with cilia and cells that secrete mucus and digestive enzymes. The stomach wall has branched ceca ("pouches") where food is digested, mainly within the cells.
Nutrients are transported throughout the coelom, including the mantle lobes, by cilia. The wastes produced by metabolism are broken into ammonia, which is eliminated by diffusion through the mantle and lophophore. Brachiopods have metanephridia, used by many phyla to excrete ammonia and other dissolved wastes. However, brachiopods have no sign of the podocytes, which perform the first phase of excretion in this process, and brachiopod metanephridia appear to be used only to emit sperm and ova.
The majority of food consumed by brachiopods is digestible, with very little solid waste produced. The cilia of the lophophore can change direction to eject isolated particles of indigestible matter. If the animal encounters larger lumps of undesired matter, the cilia lining the entry channels pause and the tentacles in contact with the lumps move apart to form large gaps and then slowly use their cilia to dump the lumps onto the lining of the mantle. This has its own cilia, which wash the lumps out through the opening between the valves. If the lophophore is clogged, the adductors snap the valves sharply, which creates a "sneeze" that clears the obstructions. In some inarticulate brachiopods the digestive tract is U-shaped and ends with an anus that eliminates solids from the front of the body wall. Other inarticulate brachiopods and all articulate brachiopods have a curved gut that ends blindly, with no anus. These animals bundle solid waste with mucus and periodically "sneeze" it out, using sharp contractions of the gut muscles.
Circulation and respiration.
The lophophore and mantle are the only surfaces that absorb oxygen and eliminate carbon dioxide. Oxygen seems to be distributed by the fluid of the coelom, which is circulated through the mantle and driven either by contractions of the lining of the coelom or by beating of its cilia. In some species oxygen is partly carried by the respiratory pigment hemerythrin, which is transported in coelomocyte cells.The maximum oxygen consumption of brachiopods is low, and their minimum requirement is not measurable.
Brachiopods also have colorless blood, circulated by a muscular heart lying in the dorsal part of the body above the stomach. The blood passes through vessels that extend to the front and back of the body, and branch to organs including the lophophore at the front and the gut, muscles, gonads and nephridia at the rear. The blood circulation seems not to be completely closed, and the coelomic and blood fluids must mix to a degree. The main function of the blood may be to deliver nutrients.
Nervous system and senses.
The "brain" of adult articulates consists of two ganglia, one above and the other below the oesophagus. Adult inarticulates have only the lower ganglion. From the ganglia and the commissures where they join, nerves run to the lophophore, the mantle lobes and the muscles that operate the valves. The edge of the mantle has probably the greatest concentration of sensors. Although not directly connected to sensory neurons, the mantle's chaetae probably send tactile signals to receptors in the epidermis of the mantle. Many brachiopods close their valves if shadows appear above them, but the cells responsible for this are unknown. Some brachiopods have statocysts, which detect changes in the animals' position.
Reproduction and life cycle.
Lifespans range from 3 to over 30 years. Adults of most species are of one sex throughout their lives. The gonads are masses of developing gametes (ova or sperm), and most species have four gonads, two in each valve. Those of articulates lie in the channels of the mantle lobes, while those of inarticulates lie near the gut. Ripe gametes float into the main coelom and then exit into the mantle cavity via the metanephridia, which open on either side of the mouth. Most species release both ova and sperm into the water, but females of some species keep the embryos in brood chambers until the larvae hatch.
The cell division in the embryo is radial (cells form in stacks of rings directly above each other), holoblastic (cells are separate, although adjoining) and regulative (the type of tissue into which a cell develops is controlled by interactions between adjacent cells, rather than rigidly within each cell). While some animals develop the mouth and anus by deepening the blastopore, a "dent" in the surface of the early embryo, the blastopore of brachiopods closes up, and their mouth and anus develop from new openings.
The larvae of inarticulates swim as plankton for months and are like miniature adults, with valves, mantle lobes, a pedicle that coils in the mantle cavity, and a small lophophore, which is used for both feeding and swimming—except that Craniids have no pedicle. As the shell becomes heavier, the juvenile sinks to the bottom and becomes a sessile adult. The larvae of articulate species live only on yolk, and remain among the plankton for only a few days. This type of larva has a ciliated frontmost lobe that becomes the body and lophophore, a rear lobe that becomes the pedicle, and a mantle like a skirt, with the hem towards the rear. On metamorphosing into an adult, the pedicle attaches to a surface, the front lobe develops the lophophore and other organs, and the mantle rolls up over the front lobe and starts to secrete the shell. In cold seas, brachiopod growth is seasonal and the animals often lose weight in winter. These variations in growth often form growth lines in the shells. Members of some genera have survived for a year in aquaria without food.
Taxonomy.
Fossil brachiopod genera have great diversity but only a few skeletal characteristics, while the modern genera have much lower diversity but provide soft-bodied characteristics as well as skeletal ones—and both sets of specimens have limitations that make it difficult to produce a comprehensive classification of brachiopods. The phylum also has experienced significant convergent evolution and reversals (in which a more recent group seems to have lost a characteristic that is seen in an intermediate group, reverting to a characteristic last seen in an older group). Hence some brachiopod taxonomists believe it is premature to define higher levels of classification such as order, and recommend instead a bottom-up approach that identifies genera and then groups these into intermediate groups.
However, other taxonomists believe that some patterns of characteristics are sufficiently stable to make higher-level classifications worthwhile, although there are different views about what the higher-level classifications should be.
The "traditional" classification was defined in 1869; two further approaches were established in the 1990s:
About 330 living species are recognized, grouped into over 100 genera. The great majority of modern brachiopods are rhynchonelliforms (Articulata, but excluding Craniida).
Ecology.
Distribution and habitat.
Brachiopods live only in the sea. Most species avoid locations with strong currents or waves, and typical sites include rocky overhangs, crevices and caves, steep slopes of continental shelves, and in the bottoms of deep oceans. However, some articulate species attach to kelp or in exceptionally sheltered sites in intertidal zones. The smallest living brachiopod, "Gwynia", is only about long, and lives in gravel.
Rhynchonelliforms (Articulata excluding Craniida), whose larvae consume only their yolks and settle and develop quickly, specialize in specific areas and form dense populations that can reach thousands per meter. Young adults often attach to the shells of more mature ones. On the other hand, inarticulate brachipods, whose larva swim for up to a month before settling, have wide ranges. Members of the discinoid genus "Pelagodiscus" have a cosmopolitan distribution.
Interactions with other organisms.
Brachiopod metabolisms are 3 to 10 times slower than those of bivalves. While brachiopods were abundant in warm, shallow seas during the Cretaceous period, they have been outcompeted by bivalves, and now live mainly in cold and low-light conditions.
Brachiopod shells occasionally show evidence of damage by predators, and sometimes of subsequent repair. Fish and crustaceans seem to find brachiopod flesh distasteful. The fossil record shows that drilling predators like gastropods attacked molluscs and echinoids 10 to 20 times more often than they did brachiopods, suggesting that such predators attacked brachiopods by mistake or when other prey was scarce. In waters where food is scarce, the snail "Capulus ungaricus" steals food from bivalves, snails, tube worms, and brachiopods.
Among brachiopods only the lingulids have been fished commercially, and only on a very small scale. Brachiopods seldom settle on artificial surfaces, probably because they are vulnerable to pollution. This may make the population of "Coptothyrus adamsi" useful as a measure of environmental conditions around an oil terminal being built in Russia on the shore of the Sea of Japan.
Evolutionary history.
Fossil record.
Over 12,000 fossil species are recognized,grouped into over 5,000 genera. While the largest modern brachiopods are long, a few fossils measure up to wide. The earliest confirmed brachiopods have been found in the early Cambrian, inarticulate forms appearing first, followed soon after by articulate forms. Three unmineralized species have also been found in the Cambrian, and apparently represent two distinct groups that evolved from mineralized ancestors. The inarticulate "Lingula" is often called a "living fossil", as very similar genera have been found all the way back to the Ordovician. On the other hand, articulate brachiopods have produced major diversifications, and suffered severe mass extinctions—but the articulate Rhynchonellida and Terebratulida, the most diverse present-day groups, appeared at the start of the Ordovician and Carboniferous respectively.
Since 1991 Claus Nielsen has proposed a hypothesis about the development of brachiopods, adapted in 2003 by Cohen and colleagues as a hypothesis about the earliest evolution of brachiopods. This "brachiopod fold" hypothesis suggests that brachiopods evolved from an ancestor similar to "Halkieria", a slug-like animal with "chain mail" on its back and a shell at the front and rear end. The hypothesis proposes that the first brachiopod converted its shells into a pair of valves by folding the rear part of its body under its front.
However, fossils from 2007 onwards have supported a new interpretation of the Early-Cambrian tommotiids and a new hypothesis that brachiopods evolved from tommotiids. The "armor mail" of tommotiids was well-known but not in an assembled form, and it was generally assumed that tommotiids were slug-like animals similar to "Halkieria", except that tommotiids' armor was made of organophosphatic compounds while that of "Halkieria" was made of calcite. However fossils of a new tommotiid, "Eccentrotheca", showed an assembled mail coat that formed a tube, which would indicate a sessile animal rather than a creeping slug-like one. "Eccentrotheca"'s organophosphatic tube resembled that of phoronids, sessile animals that feed by lophophores and are regarded either very close relatives or a sub-group of brachiopods. "Paterimitra", another mostly assembled fossil found in 2008 and described in 2009, had two symmetrical plates at the bottom, like brachiopod valves but not fully enclosing the animal's body.
At their peak in the Paleozoic the brachiopods were among the most abundant filter-feeders and reef-builders, and occupied other ecological niches, including swimming in the jet-propulsion style of scallops. However, after the Permian–Triassic extinction event, informally known as the "Great Dying", brachiopods recovered only a third of their former diversity. It was often thought that brachiopods were actually decline in diversity, and that in some way bivalves out-competed them. However, in 1980 Gould and Calloway produced a statistical analysis that concluded that: both brachiopods and bivalves increased all the way from the Paleozoic to modern times, but bivalves increased faster; the Permian–Triassic extinction was moderately severe for bivalves but devastating for brachiopods, so that brachiopods for the first time were less diverse than bivalves and their diversity after the Permian increased from a very low base; there is no evidence that bivalves out-competed brachiopods, and short-term increases or decreases for both groups appeared at the same times. In 2007 Knoll and Bambach concluded that brachiopods were one of several groups that were most vulnerable to the Permian–Triassic extinction, as all had calcareous hard parts (made of calcium carbonate) and had low metabolic rates and weak respiratory systems.
Brachiopod fossils have been useful indicators of climate changes during the Paleozoic era. When global temperatures were low, as in much of the Ordovician, the large difference in temperatures between equator and poles created different collections of fossils at different latitudes. On the other hand, warmer periods, such much of the Silurian, created smaller difference in temperatures, and all seas at the low to middle latitudes were colonized by the same few brachiopod species.
Evolutionary family tree.
Deuterostomes or protostomes.
From about the 1940s to the 1990s, family trees based on embryological and morphological features placed brachiopods among or as a sister group to the deuterostomes. a super-phylum that includes chordates and echinoderms. Closer examination has found difficulties in the grounds on which brachiopods were affiliated with deuterostomes:
Nielsen views the brachiopods and closely related phoronids as affiliated with the deuterostome pterobranchs because their lophophores are driven by one cilium per cell, while those of bryozoans, which he regards as protosomes, have multiple cilia per cell. However, pterobranchs are hemichordates and probably closely related to echinoderms, and there is no evidence that the latest common ancestor of pterobranchs and other hemichordates or the latest common ancestor of hemichordates and echinoderms was sessile and fed by means of tentacles.
From 1988 onwards analyses based on molecular phylogeny, which compares biochemical features such as similarities in DNA, have placed brachiopods among the Lophotrochozoa, a protostome super-phylum that includes molluscs, annelids and flatworms but excludes the other protostome super-phylum Ecdysozoa, whose members include arthropods. This conclusion is unanimous among molecular phylogeny studies, which use a wide selection of genes: rDNA, Hox genes, mitochondrial protein genes, single nuclear protein genes and sets of nuclear protein genes.
Some combined studies in 2000 and 2001, using both molecular and morphological data, support brachiopods as Lophotrochozoa, while others in 1998 and 2004 concluded that brachiopods were deuterostomes.
Relationship with other lophotrochozoans.
The phoronids feed with a lophophore, burrow or encrust on surfaces, and build three-layered tubes made of polysaccharide, possibly chitin, mixed with particles with seabed material. Traditionally they have been regarded as a separate phylum, but increasingly detailed molecular phylogeny studies between 1997 and 2000 have concluded that phoronids are a sub-group of brachiopods. However, an analysis in 2005 concluded that phoronids are a sub-group of bryozoans.
While all molecular phylogeny studies and half the combined studies until 2008 conclude that brachiopods are lophotrochozoans, they could not identify which lophotrochozoan phylum were the closest relatives of brachiopods—except phoronids, which are a sub-group of brachiopods. However in 2008 two analyses found that brachiopods' closest lophotrochozoan relatives were nemertines. The authors found this surprising, since nemertines have spiral cleavage in the early stages of cell division and form a trochophore larva, while brachiopods have radial cleavage and a larva that shows no sign of having evolved from a trochophore. Another study in 2008 also concluded that brachiopods are closely related to nemertines, casting doubt on the idea that brachiopods are part of a clade Lophophorata of lophophore-feeding animals within the lophotrochozoans.

</doc>
<doc id="19827379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827379" title="KSNL">
KSNL

KSNL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19827397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827397" title="Yuan Center">
Yuan Center

The Yuan Center of Art () is a multifunctional arts center and gallery located in the Haidian district of Beijing, China. The center houses four large exhibition halls for visual art, an experimental theatre, conference and symposia spaces, and a restaurant. The design concept of the building integrates the elements of architectural minimalism with a traditional Chinese construction pattern called “jiugongge”. A recent show, entitled "After Culture: An Exhibition of Contemporary Chinese Painting", featured the work of several major Chinese artists, including Ma Kelu, Shang Yang, Ma Lu, Ding Fang, and Peng Si. It was curated by Peng Feng, the prominent art critic and Professor of Aesthetics at Peking University, who also serves on the Yuan Center's directorial board.
A leading exhibitor of contemporary Chinese art, the Yuan Center is located near the center of Beijing, unlike the 798 Art Zone in outlying Dashanzi.

</doc>
<doc id="19827407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827407" title="3 Watch It Go">
3 Watch It Go

3 Watch It Go is the third video by heavy metal band Pantera. It was released on VHS format, through Elektra Records, in 1997. This video features various footages and also includes music videos for "Planet Caravan", "I'm Broken", "5 Minutes Alone" from "Far Beyond Driven" (1994), and for "Drag the Waters" from "The Great Southern Trendkill" (1996). It won a 1997 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Best Video Cassette.

</doc>
<doc id="19827421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827421" title="Weightlifting at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of six events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19827434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827434" title="Jean Mauzé">
Jean Mauzé

Jean Mauzé (January 15, 1903 – January 1974) was a Manhattan banker, senior vice president of United States Trust Company and married Abby Rockefeller on April 23, 1953. After his wife created the Greenacre Foundation in 1968 he donated Greenacre Park to City of New York in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19827440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827440" title="Methiocarb">
Methiocarb

Methiocarb is a carbamate pesticide which is used as a bird repellent, insecticide, acaricide and molluscicide since the 1960s. Carbamates are widely used in agriculture as insecticides and herbicides. They are preferred instead of organochlorines because organochlorines are long lasting persistent in crops. Methiocarb has contact and stomach action on mites and neurotoxic effects on molluscs. Seeds treated with methiocarb also affects birds. Like the other carbamates, methiocarb inhibits reversibly acetylcholinesterase activity resulting in a cholinergic stimulation making methiocarb a potent neurotoxin. It can even cause acute toxicity in humans if exposed for long periods of time or a sufficient dose. It is not listed as a carcinogen. Methiocarb is also a known poison to water organisms. Other names for methiocarb are mesurol and mercaptodimethur.
Structure and reactivity.
The carbamate functional group in methiocarb can be cleaved by cholinesterase to result in the carbamate, which binds to the cholinesterase, and the aromatic alcohol.
-1-->
Synthesis.
Methiocarb (3) is synthesised by Bayer from 4-methylthio-3,5-xylenol (1) and methyl isocyanate (2). The xylenol (1) will act as the nucleophile in this reaction attacking the partially positively charged carbon in the isocyanate (2).
Mechanism of action.
The product of the cleavage of the carbamate group of methiocarb is methylcarbamic acid which is bound to choline sterase after the reaction. The normal function of choline sterase is to cleave the acetyl-choline bond which results in the binding of acetic acid to choline sterase which is a fast reversible reaction. The carbamic acid also reversibly binds but the hydrolysis of the bond is slower and therefore the acid inhibits the function of choline sterase which results in elevated choline sterase levels. In comparison: organophosphates inhibit irriversibly and will therefore inhibit the acetylcholinesterase even more.
Metabolism.
Methiocarb is biotransformed in the liver mainly by sulfoxidation. This can happen to methiocarb itself but also to the phenol group which is cleaved from methiocarb by choline-esterase. In some cases this same sulfur can be oxidised once more to give the sulfone. A minor pathway that occurs is the hydroxylation of the N-methyl.
Absorption.
Methiocarb can be taken up through different routes. The most common for humans is up take through the skin or as an aerosol, because of its use as a pesticide in agriculture. For insects and birds this would be by the oral route. The NOAEL’s of these routes have been determined as follows: For the oral route the NOAEL is set to 3.3 mg/kg per day for rats, based on a 2 year study. For absorption through the skin the NOAEL is set to 150 mg/kg per day for rabbits, based on the reduction of food consumption.
When methiocarb is fed to rats at a dose of 50 ppm, it gives a reduction of brain cholinesterase by 14% and 5% in males and females respectively.
When methiocarb is administered as an aerosol to rats, the highest concentration (96 mg/m3 in solvent) showed signs of involuntary muscle contraction (tremors). These signs weren’t observed in the other groups. The brain acetylcholine esterase is reduced in comparison to the solvent controls, to 61% and 74% for males and females respectively. There were no changes in organ weight. The NOAEL was determined to be 6 mg/m3 based on the reduction of brain acetylcholine esterase activity.
Distribution.
To determine the distribution of methiocarb through the body carbon-14 ([14C]) labeled methiocarb studies have been performed on rats. About 8 hours after IP injection of [14C]methiocarb more than 20 is present in the kidneys, 14 in the lungs, 14 in the heart, 6 in the body fat and 26 in the red blood cells. All the numbers are a measure of the radioactivity in dpm x 103/g of dried tissue. 30 Minutes after treatment gave, for all tissues except bodyfat, much higher values indicating that elimination takes place shortly after injection. Also an increase in all tissues except the red blood cells has been observed between 2 and 4 hours after injection. This indicates that after two hours redistribution takes place shortly followed by elimination. This radioactivity study only measured the [14C] so the compound could already be metabolized to different compounds with different toxicities, which is not indicated in this study.
Toxicity.
Short term toxicity.
In rats the cholinesterase activity fell down to 50 percent of the control values in 27 days where the dose applied in their diet was 2 mg/ kg bw in the first three days and 4 mg/kg bw for the next 24 days. No abnormal clinical signs were observed. 
In rabbits methiocarb was applied to the skin to a group of ten at doses of 0, 60, 150 or 375 mg/kg bw per day for 6 h/day. Two out of ten rabbits with the low dose did not survive and with the high dose had a reduced food consumption. Cholinesterase activity was reduced in males with a high dose at 14 and 21 days of treatment. There were no intergroup differences observed in cholinesterase activity among females. The erythrocyte acetylcholinesterase activity is apparently not inhibited in a dose-related fashion. The duration of the study was 24 days.
Long term toxicity.
In mice a one year study of 50 males and 50 females was performed. The mice received diets containing methiocarb at doses of 0, 15, 43 and 130 mg/kg bw per day in males and 0, 20, 57, and 170 mg/kg bw per day in females. Food consumption, behaviour and mortality rate were not affected at any dose. At one month the decrease in plasma acetylcholinesterase activity was the highest and the smallest reductions were observed at 24 months. Brain acetylcholinesterase activity was also lowered, more in males than in females.
In rats a two year study of 60 rats was performed. The rats received diets containing 0, 3.3, 9.3 and 29 mg/kg bw per day for males and 0, 5, 14, and 42 mg/kg bw per day for females. Food consumption, behaviour and mortality rate were not affected at any dose. The total protein concentrations were raised at higher doses of methiocarb. The plasma acetylcholinesterase activity was lowered at the high dose at day one and from eight weeks onwards in males and at day one and 1, 2, 4 and 13 weeks in females. No brain acetylcholinesterase activity was observed.
Environmental toxicity.
Because methiocarb is widely used as an insecticide on crops, environmental risks were also studied to establish safety risks for human health. The metabolism of methiocarb in plants, soil and water have been proposed from radiolabeled [14C]methiocarb studies. In plants the major metabolites were methiocarb sulfoxide and methiocarb sulfoxide phenol. Environmental fate in water and soil has been determined from the metabolites formed by (an)aerobic degradation, photolysis, adsorption and leaching of methiocarb. In soil the half life of methiocarb sulfone phenol is 20 days, methiocarb sulfoxide phenol is 2 days, methiocarb 1.5 days and methiocarb sulfoxide 6 days. Methiocarb is mainly metabolized to methiocarb phenol and minor to methiocarb sulfoxide and methiocarb sulfoxide phenol. Also after 217 days no methiocarb or metabolites are present anymore in the soil. This is because a lot of gets metabolized to CO2. In water no methiocarb was present already after 32 days. The half life of methiocarb in water is strongly pH dependent but at pH 7 the half life is about 28 days.
Efficacy.
Methiocarb is used as toxin for different purposes. It ranges from snails, insects, rodents and even as a bird repellent.
As an insecticide it is effective for thrips and has a low dose that is lethal for these animals. The LC99,99 for suspension concentrate is 0.34 g/L and for the wettable powder it is 2.30, which is a bit too much for effective use.10
For the use as a molluscicide methiocarb is effective, but at a high dose. In a research with E. vermiculata, methiocarb showed to be the most effective as topical applicant (although DMSO was used as an solvent). The LD50 is 414 μg per snail and the LD99,99 is roughly estimated 1400 μg per snail for methiocarb. In comparison to methomyl which was more effective, with its LD50 was 90 μg per snail. Which is a lot lower than the LD50 of methiocarb.
As snail bait methiocarb has the same effectiveness as methomyl for 1% (mass percent) and 2%. but the LC50 of methiocarb is higher than the one of methomyl. 0.93:0.31.
They both reached an average mortality of 85%, by the use of 2% methiocarb/methomyl bait.
In another comparison study (with M. obstructa) between methiocarb and methomyl. Methomyl showed again to be more effective. The LD50 in this study were 12 μg per snail for methomyl and 27 μg per snail for methiocarb. These compound were topically applied on the snails and these compounds were first dissolved in 95% ethanol and diluted with water to make the concentrations.
As an avian repelled to protect fruit, methiocarb was in one research not effective. The birds still damaged the figs. This happened because the methiocarb was sprayed on the fruit. The birds pinched the fruits or peeled the skin of the fruit and ate the meat of the figs. In that manner these birds are very little or not exposed to the repellent.
In another study with quelea, it was investigated if methiocarb had an adverse effect on the food choice. It showed that when quelea ate seeds with methiocarb, the next time they would chose some other food. This shows that methiocarb can be effective as an bird repellent.
In one study methiocarb is shown to be not very effective against mice as an rodenticide. In the first field trial snail pellet of methiocarb were spread across the land, and killed almost 23% of the initial mice population in one night, but the population did not decrease(probably because of reinvasion of the neighbouring land). There hasn't been searched for carcasses after that, but birds were seen scavenging on carcasses.
In the second field trial, grain was covered in methiocarb and strychnine and it showed a mortality rate of 40% for methiocarb and 90% for strychnine. Although methiocarb seems to be effective at first. Mice develop an aversion for the methiocarb, which makes it not very effective as rodenticide.
Suicidal poisoning.
Methiocarb is a plant protection agent and while suicide with these type of toxins is rare, there is one case reported of a suicide with methiocarb.
An 80 year old woman in Germany killed herself by drinking a bottle of Mesurol. The red/pink fluid was on her cloths, face and hands (probably because of the vomiting) and in the gastrointestinal tract as in the respiratory tract. 
The toxicological examination showed that the methiocarb uptake wasn’t completed and the concentration of methiocarb and its metabolite in the urine was low. This is due to the short duration of exposure. Elevated concentration of methiocarb may be the result from post-mortem uptake, but it could also be the post-mortem redistribution of methiocarb and metabolites from the gastrointestinal tract.
The conclusion of the toxicological examination was death by acute poisoning of methiocarb.
The amount of methiocarb in the stomach is calculated to compare it with the LD50 of rats. The amount of methiocarb is estimated to have been 6.1 gram (by a stomach volume of 1L). The weight of this woman was 53 kg. That would make 115 mg/kg bw. When compared to the LD50 for rats, which is 30 mg/kg, it is reasonable to say that this woman died of poisoning from methiocarb.
Bare in mind that this is only the amount of methiocarb found in the stomach and that the rest was already methiocarb distributed through the body.
†Semiquantitative analysis was performed by the approximation of similar extinction coefficients of mercaptodimethur and its metabolite descarbamoylmercaptodimethur at wavelength 200 nm.

</doc>
<doc id="19827444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827444" title="Ginger Wallace">
Ginger Wallace

Ginger Wallace (January 31, 1924 – November 23, 2010) was an American artist, sculptor and philanthropist based in San Diego, California. She received a MFA from the Art Institute of Chicago where she studied painting, printing, ceramics and sculpture. She also studied photography at the Chicago Institute of Design and Utah State University. Her art was showcased at the San Diego Art Institute in 2007. 
She was also known as a philanthropist supporting art in San Diego and especially the San Diego Art Institute.
Philanthropy.
She and her husband, Robert Wallace, worked to advance art through educational programs and direct support of regional artists. She served four terms on the board of directors of the Museum of Man and was a founder of the Museum's auxiliary support group, the Klee Wyk Society. She and her husband were charter board members of the Committee of One Hundred, an advocacy and support group dedicated to Balboa Park. She provided leadership and resources to re-establish the San Diego Art Institute in the reconstructed House of Charm. Also among their beneficiaries were the Art Department at San Diego State University, Mingei International Museum, Lyric Opera San Diego and Young Audiences of San Diego.
Art.
In 2006 she self-published an illustrated book, "Extraordinary People Plus Unique, Above Average Children," a collection of whimsical watercolor illustrations. The book was launched through a series of events that took place in the San Diego area in December, 2006.
Wallace's exhibition at the San Diego Art Institute, titled "Ginger Wallace: Her Art, Her Wit and Relationships," opened on October 13, 2007 at the Museum of the Living Artist, which includes art from a variety of mediums and reflects the many regions that have influenced her.

</doc>
<doc id="19827445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827445" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19827450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827450" title="ACB Lagos">
ACB Lagos

ACB was a Nigerian football team based in Lagos. It was sponsored by the African Continental Bank and was a founding member of the Nigerian Premier League in 1972. They were relegated from the top league for good in 1994 with a record of two wins, 12 ties and 16 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="19827463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827463" title="USS W. L. Steed (ID-3449)">
USS W. L. Steed (ID-3449)

USS "W. L. Steed" (ID-3449) was a tanker that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919 and was torpedoed and sunk by a submarine while in commercial service in 1942.
U.S. Navy service, World War I, 1918-1919.
SS "W. L. Steed" was a steel-hulled tanker built in 1918 at Quincy, Massachusetts, by the Fore River Shipbuilding Company, under a United States Shipping Board contract. The U.S. Navy inspected her on 10 August 1918, assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 3449 to her, and commissioned her for World War I service as USS "W. L. Steed" at Boston, Massachusetts, on 18 September 1918, Lieutenant Commander John Charlton, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS), "W. L. Steed" departed Boston on 28 September 1918 and proceeded to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where she took on a cargo of oil. She sailed for New York City on 8 October 1918, whence she headed for Nova Scotia in Canada on 17 October 1918. She departed Sydney, Nova Scotia, on 23 October 1918, bound for Devonport, England, but developed a steering gear casualty en route and put into St. John's, Newfoundland, for repairs on 30 October 1918.
"W. L. Steed" departed St. John's on 10 November 1918 and was at sea when the armistice ending World War I was signed at Compiègne, France, on the 11 November 1918. She made port at New York on the 13 November 1918 and entered drydock for repairs which lasted through the remainder of November.
"W. L. Steed" got underway again on 1 December 1918, bound for France, and arrived at Le Havre, France, on 22 December 1918. Discharging her oil cargo in two days, she subsequently departed Le Havre on 26 December 1918, bound for the Gulf of Mexico.
After touching at Bermuda, she arrived at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 18 January 1919, took on another cargo of oil, and left the Mississippi Delta on 4 February 1919, bound again for France. She never completed the voyage, however, for she was damaged en route and put into New York on 18 February 1919.
After inventories of all equipment were taken and repairs were completed, "W. L. Steed" simultaneously was decommissioned, struck from the Navy List, and returned to the United States Shipping Board on 26 March 1919, once again becoming SS "W. L. Steed".
Interwar commercial service, 1919-1941.
Acquired by the Pan-American Petroleum and Transport Company in 1922, SS "W. L. Steed" subsequently was acquired by the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey in 1937. Following some two years of operation with Standard Oil, the ship was in need of repairs and docked at Constable Hook, Bayonne, New Jersey, on 30 June 1939. She remained there through August 1939 and departed Bayonne shortly after the 1 September 1939 outbreak of World War II in Europe with orders to proceed to Mariner's Harbor, Staten Island, New York, for repairs at the Bethlehem Steel Company yard there.
Upon completion of the necessary repairs and alterations, "W. L. Steed" departed New York on 4 October 1939, bound for Texas. Making port at Aransas Pass, Texas, a short time later, she took on a cargo of of west Texas crude oil, the first of five such cargoes she would carry in 1939. Once the crude was safely aboard, "W. L. Steed" cast off for New York.
During 1940 and 1941, "W. L. Steed" performed primarily coastwise duties for Standard Oil of New Jersey, although she occasionally included Havana, Cuba; Aruba, Dutch West Indies; and Cartagena, Colombia, among her ports of call. She made 17 voyages in 1940, carrying bulk oil cargoes of , and 22 voyages in 1941, carrying bulk oil cargoes of .
Commercial service and loss (World War II).
"W. L. Steed" departed Norfolk, Virginia, under the command of her master, Harold G. McVenia, on 14 January 1942. She made port at Cartagena on 21 January 1942 and there loaded a cargo of of oil in two days, departing on 23 January 1942. She subsequently called at Key West, Florida, for U.S. Navy orders before transiting the Florida Strait.
The voyage proceeded uneventfully until early on the afternoon of 30 January 1942, when a lookout spotted what he thought was a small fishing craft on the port bow. Captain McVenia, soon ascertaining the strange ship to be a submarine lying low on the surface, sounded the general alarm and radioed for help. All hands except the "black gang" -- below in the engine spaces -- manned their boat stations, donned life preservers, and stood by for the worst. The submarine soon disappeared, probably because "W. L. Steed"'s radio message brought a U.S. Navy patrol plane out to take a look.
Over the next two days, though, the weather worsened, making protective aircraft operations particularly difficult. "W. L. Steed" plodded through the Atlantic swells, occasionally shipping heavy seas that damaged her decks. By 2 February 1942, visibility had shrunk to about two nautical miles (4 km), and snow was falling. Shortly after noon, when "W. L. Steed" was between 80 and off the coast of New Jersey, the under the command of Werner Winter, already a high scorer in the German U-boat arm with over 30 ships to her credit, poked up her periscope and tracked the plodding tanker. One torpedo soon leapt from the submarine's bow torpedo tubes, sped inexorably toward "W. L. Steed", and hit her on her starboard side, forward of the bridge and in number 3 tank. The explosion touched off a fire in the oil drums stored there.
"W. L. Steed" sent out a hurried SOS and radioed her plight to any ship within hearing. The entire crew of 38 men abandoned ship into the vessel's four lifeboats. "U-103" surfaced soon thereafter and closed the burning tanker as she slowly sank by the bow. The Germans soon manned their deck gun and commenced firing, pumping 17 shells into the stern of the tanker to hasten her demise while her crew watched from the nearby boats. After "W. L. Steed" slipped beneath the chill waves of the North Atlantic, "U-103" stood briefly toward the survivors before shaping a course away in a southwesterly direction.
The U-boat's departure left the four boats alone in the frigid waters. They drifted apart and, one by one, the ill-clad sailors began to succumb to the cold. "W. L. Steed" had been abandoned with such haste that hardly any of the men had had time to enter the boats prepared to face the bitter winter snowstorm and the biting northeasterly winds.
One boat was never found. The British steamer SS "Hartlepool" rescued two men from the second boat on 4 February 1942, but one later died. The Canadian armed merchant cruiser HMCS "Alcantara" picked up three men from the third boat on 6 February 1942, including the senior surviving officer, Second Mate Sydney Wayland. On 12 February 1942, the British merchantman "Raby Castle" came across the fourth and last of "W. L. Steed"'s boats, containing four men, but of whom only one was alive, suffering much from exposure. Brought aboard "Raby Castle", that man -- Second Assistant Engineer Elmer E. Maihiot, Jr. -- died on 15 February 1942, and was buried at sea. Thus, only four men out of the 38 aboard "W. L. Steed" survived her encounter with "U-103".
"W. L. Steed" was the second Standard Oil tanker sunk during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19827464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827464" title="Crossword Bookstores">
Crossword Bookstores

Crossword Bookstores Ltd. is a chain of bookstores in India based in Mumbai. Crossword has stores in Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Cochin, Coimbatore, Chennai, Gandhinagar, Indore, Kota, Lucknow, Nagpur, Raipur, Siliguri, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Nagpur, Thane, Udaipur, Nashik, Vadodara, Vapi, Vijaywada, Pune and Ahmedabad. The most recent outlet opened in Durgapur.
Crossword is a wholly owned subsidiary of Shopper's Stop Ltd.
Advertising Age magazine named Crossword one of the Marketing Superstars for 1994. The Bookseller has described it as "being on the cutting edge of retailing" in India.
Crossword founded and sponsors the Crossword Book Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19827470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827470" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1972 Summer Paralympics consisted of eleven events, eight for men and three for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19827476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827476" title="Kojima">
Kojima

Kojima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19827503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827503" title="Quadrangularis Reversum">
Quadrangularis Reversum

The Quadrangularis Reversum is a percussion instrument invented and built by Harry Partch in 1965. The instrument features an inverted diamond shaped centre compared to an earlier instrument made by Partch, the Diamond Marimba. Partch became aware of this possibility when it was pointed out to him by Erv Wilson who also helped him build the instrument.
The Quadrangularis Reversum inverted the key layout of the Diamond Marimba with sets of alto-range auxiliary keys on either side. Underneath the bars there are bamboo resonators. The instrument is made out of a eucalyptus branch and redwood structure and is one of Partch's bigger instrument sculptures. Partch used the instrument in his two last compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="19827504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827504" title="Time Detectives">
Time Detectives

Time Detectives is a spin-off of the Horrible series, quite similar to The Spark Files, though focusing on historical aspects, not scientific. The purpose of the series is to explore historical mysteries in a new, exciting manner. Terry Deary, the author, has also recently announced that he will be writing a similar series called "Wild Words", focusing on the aspects of the English Language. The Time Detectives was fully released in 2000.
The books in the series are:

</doc>
<doc id="19827525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827525" title="Ruben Castillo">
Ruben Castillo

Ruben Castillo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19827529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827529" title="Great Unknown (A Series of Unfortunate Events)">
Great Unknown (A Series of Unfortunate Events)

The Great Unknown is a fictional entity in the book series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. It features in the 11th ("The Grim Grotto") and final ("The End") books of the series.
Description.
It is larger than both the submarines "Carmelita" and "Queequeg", and may in fact be neither a submarine nor a boat at all. This theory is reinforced in the first novel in Snicket's prequel series 'All The Wrong Questions' where it is suggested that The Great Unknown could be the Bombinating Beast. It appeared in the shape of a question mark and it appeared at the most inconvenient times, or just when people thought a situation was about to get better.
Appearances.
The Great Unknown first appeared during "The Grim Grotto", where it was shown that both Captain Widdershins and Count Olaf are afraid of it. It should also be noted that Count Olaf tells Carmelita Spats not to tap dance while returning to the "Carmelita" during the time the sub was being threatened by the Great Unknown, because, as he says, "I don't want to show up on their sonar." 
In "The Grim Grotto" the Great Unknown always appears in time to save the Baudelaires. It first appears when Count Olaf is moments away from discovering the Queequeg, and it chases him away. Captain Widdershins describes its appearance on the ship's sonar as "a shadow of something greater and more terrible than you can imagine", referencing Plato. Its second appearance is when the Baudelaires are in Olaf's clutches, but Olaf and Esme are forced to leave the Baudelaires in the Queequeg so they can drive their octopus submarine away. When the Baudelaires are left alone to operate the "Queequeg", the Great Unknown approaches on the radar just as they finish repairing the porthole that Olaf damaged in capturing the submarine, and the Baudelaires see its shadow in the water, though they do not see enough to determine what it is. The author remarks that it may not have even been a submarine, but some sort of dark sea beast. Eventually, the entity moves away and the Baudelaires escape. The author says that he knows what the Great Unknown is, but refuses to elaborate further on a description.
During "The End", it is mentioned that the "Queequeg" sailed out to sea with Kit Snicket, Ink, Captain Widdershins and his stepchildren Fernald and Fiona on board, to find the self-sustaining hot air mobile home where Hector and the Quagmire triplets were living, in order to aid them in a battle against trained V.F.D. eagles. A shipwrecked Kit later tells the Baudelaires that the eagles popped the balloons of Hector's mobile home and the falling wreckage destroyed the "Queequeg". Then, all but Kit and Ink chose to be taken by the approaching Great Unknown, although it is unclear whether it rescued or captured them; at a point in the novel not long before this occurrence though, the author does refer to the Quagmires' present situation as being similarly dire but more damp to that of the Baudelaires, but this could plausibly be considered a reference to the mobile home/Queequeg collision. Kit states that her brother (although she does not specify which) called the question mark "The Great Unknown", which is often a euphemism for what comes after death. By the end of "The End", the Quagmires, Hector, Captain Widdershins, Fernald, Fiona, and Phil are taken aboard, "rescued, or swallowed up." An illustration on the last page of Chapter Fourteen suggests that the Baudelaires encounter it, although they appear to have survived the experience. However, in the Author's Notes section of "The Bad Beginning: Rare Edition", Snicket mentions that Violet Baudelaire would visit Briny Beach for a third time, and "The Beatrice Letters" indicate that Kit Snicket's daughter has memories of the Baudelaires siblings, including Sunny's appearing on the radio to discuss her recipes, implying that the Baudelaires survived their ocean voyage.
The Great Unknown will be featured again in the new Lemony Snicket series All the Wrong Questions. It is hinted that the Great Unknown may be the "Bombinating Beast", a mythological creature that is greatly feared and claimed to be still seen by sailors by its question-mark silhouette, in the first book of the series, "Who Could That Be at This Hour?"

</doc>
<doc id="19827531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827531" title="2001 QW322">
2001 QW322

2001 QW322 is a binary minor planet and cubewano in the Kuiper belt. The object was discovered at Mauna Kea on July 27, 2001 by JJ Kavelaars, J.-M. Petit, B. Gladman, and M. Holman. J. Kavelaars later in 2001 discovered that it is a binary. The components are estimated at about 130 km in diameter. It has been nicknamed Antipholus and Antipholus after twins in Shakespeare's "The Comedy of Errors".
In 2008, work was published showing that the binary has an extraordinarily long orbital period (for a binary trans-Neptunian object, asteroid or minor planet) of some 25–30 years.
The orbital radius is also remarkably high (105,000 to 135,000 km) while the eccentricity is unusually low (<0.4). All of these parameters are in the extremes of their normal ranges for such objects.
The wide spacing and low eccentricity conspire to make the system prone to disruption, and its lifetime is estimated to be in the order of another billion years.

</doc>
<doc id="19827546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827546" title="All the Good">
All the Good

All The Good is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2008 Australian Group 1 MRC Caulfield Cup over 2400 metres. He was ridden by Kerrin McEvoy and trained by Saeed bin Suroor for the Godolphin Racing stable. He had previously won the Totesport Newburgh, a substitute race for the 2008 Ebor Handicap.

</doc>
<doc id="19827548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827548" title="RRLS ICT Academy">
RRLS ICT Academy

rrls ict academy is a TESDA Accredited Institution, located at Iloilo City. It is a part of the John B. Lacson Foundation System and acts as a sister school, which caters on short-term Information and Communications Technology courses and technical education.
The school offers two year courses in computer programming and hardware servicing along with training in medical transcription and contact center services.
History.
Opened on 10 February 2003 as the Information Technology Training Center (or the ITTC of the John B. Lacson Foundation System) the school began as a support department for John B. Lacson Colleges Foundation - Arevalo. It was transferred to John B. Lacson Foundation on 1 November 2006 and again transferred to John B. Lacson Foundation Maritime University - Molo on 1 June 2007.
Eventually, the ITTC was renamed as rrls ict academy, after Ronald Raymond Lacson Sebastian, the grandson of John B. Lacson, founder of the university. Currently, Mr. Sebastian is the Chairman of the Board for rrls ict academy, as well as the Vice-Chairman of Trustees for John B. Lacson Foundation Maritime University.
TESDA Registered Courses.
Long Term Courses.
 * Two – year Computer Programming NC IV
 * Two – year Computer Hardware Servicing NC IV
Short Term Courses.
 *Finishing Course for Call Center Agents NC II ( 100 hours)
 *Programming NC IV (252 hours)
Soon to offer.
 *Two – year Visual Graphics Design NC II
 *One – year Technical Drafting NC II
 *English Proficiency Training
Institutional Trainings.
 Basic Computer Operations, 
 MS Word, MS Excel, 
 MS Powerpoint, 
 Adobe Photoshop, 
 AutoCAD 2D & AutoCAD 3D ( 20 hours each)
Scholarships
 PESFA and SEEDS Scholarship under JOLLIBEE and CHOWKING:
 · 2 – Year Computer Programming NC IV
 · 2 – Year Computer Hardware Servicing NC II
TRANSCOM Scholarship with JOB ASSISTANCE:
 · Finishing Course for Call Center Agents NC II (100 hours)
Be Certified with MICROSOFT
 · Microsoft Word 2003 Expert · Microsoft Excel 2003 Core
 · Microsoft Excel 2003 Expert · Microsoft Powerpoint 2003 Core
 · Microsoft Word 2003 Core · Microsft Access 2003 Core
Partners.
 TESDA Registered Institution
 Member – Iloilo Federation for Info Technology
 Member TESDA Registered Schools Association of Iloilo 
 The FIRST Microsoft Office Specialist Authorized Testing Center in Region 6
 The Only Partner Institution of TRANSCOM Philippines
 SEEDS Partner Institution

</doc>
<doc id="19827550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827550" title="What Do You Do with the Mad that You Feel?">
What Do You Do with the Mad that You Feel?

"What Do You Do with the Mad that You Feel?" is a song written and sung by famed PBS personality Fred Rogers (Mister Rogers). It was influential early on in the funding process of PBS as noted by Senator John O. Pastore.

</doc>
<doc id="19827562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827562" title="Bad Reputation (Freedy Johnston song)">
Bad Reputation (Freedy Johnston song)

Bad Reputation is a single by Freedy Johnston on his major label debut This Perfect World. It is his best known song, and has received airplay along with being featured in the closing credits of the 1995 film Kicking and Screaming.
Covers.
Death Cab for Cutie covered the song as a bonus track for their "Plans" album. Seven Mary Three occasionally performs the song at concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="19827565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827565" title="Brad Staubitz">
Brad Staubitz

Brad Staubitz (born July 28, 1984) is a Canadian ice hockey forward for the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Playing career.
Undrafted, Staubitz signed as a free agent with the San Jose Sharks to a three-year entry level contract on September 18, 2005. Staubitz made his NHL debut for the Sharks during the 2008–09 season and recorded a fighting major on his first career shift against the Anaheim Ducks on October 17, 2008. On February 18, 2009, Staubitz was recalled from the AHL's Worcester Sharks. 
He played in 47 games for San Jose in 2009–10 recording a career high 6 points. On June 21, 2010 he was traded to the Minnesota Wild for a fifth-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. He was then signed to a two-year contract by the Wild on June 22.
On September 24, 2011, Staubitz was suspended for 7 games (4 preseason, 3 regular) by the NHL for illegally checking Cody Bass from behind during a pre-season game.
Staubitz was put on waivers on February 10, 2012. He cleared waivers the next day, and was assigned to the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League, the Wild's minor league affiliate. On February 27, 2012, the Montreal Canadiens claimed Staubitz off re-entry waivers.
On July 1, 2012 he signed a two-year contract with the Anaheim Ducks. 
On November 16, 2013 Staubitz was traded by the Ducks along with Peter Holland to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Jesse Blacker and two 2014 NHL Entry Draft picks. He was immediately re-assigned to their minor league team, the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19827600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827600" title="Grierson Centre">
Grierson Centre

The Grierson Centre is a minimum security institution in Downtown Edmonton. It is run and operated by Correctional Service of Canada.
The site of the Grierson Centre was originally the North-West Mounted Police's headquarters in Edmonton. One of the buildings in the Grierson Centre, former RCMP Centre Building 3, is a registered federal heritage site.

</doc>
<doc id="19827616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827616" title="Edmonton Institution">
Edmonton Institution

The Edmonton Institution is a maximum security federal institution located in the northeastern end of Edmonton, Alberta. It is operated by Correctional Service of Canada. 
Riots.
There have been 6 riots since the prison opened.
Escapes.
There has been one escape from the prison since it opened.

</doc>
<doc id="19827626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827626" title="Kevin Maguire (journalist)">
Kevin Maguire (journalist)

Kevin Maguire (born 1961, South Shields) is a British political journalist, currently Associate Editor at the "Daily Mirror" newspaper. Earlier in his career Maguire was Chief Reporter for "The Guardian".
In April 2009 Maguire became drawn into the Damian McBride affair, when it was reported he had attended a meeting with McBride and Ray Collins to discuss the Labour Party's online political attack strategy.
Maguire is a frequent contributor to Sky News and the BBC. He appeared on "Have I Got News for You" for the first time on 24 October 2008.
Since mid-2011, he co-hosted a Sunday morning politics show with the Daily Mail's Andrew Pierce on talk radio station LBC 97.3 having previously been a regular stand-in presenter of other shows across the station. He gave up the show in March 2012 in order to concentrate on his job at the Daily Mirror.
Maguire lives in Kingston-Upon Thames in Surrey and is married to novelist Emma Burstall, who attended the elitist St Paul's Girls' School. He has three children: the elder attended Tiffin School, a selective all-girls grammar school in Kingston-Upon-Thames. He supports Premier League football club Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="19827637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827637" title="Snow White (Disney)">
Snow White (Disney)

Snow White is a fictional character and a main character from Walt Disney Productions' 1st animated feature film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". The character of Snow White was derived from a fairy tale known from many countries in Europe, the best-known version being the Bavarian one collected by the Brothers Grimm. Snow White is the first Disney Princess and the first fictional female character with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Development.
Animators' initial sketches for Snow White's character, some of which bore a resemblance to Betty Boop, did not meet Walt Disney's expectations, as they were too cartoonish.
Hamilton Luske, whom Walt Disney had selected as the supervising animator for Snow White's character, was tasked with the challenge of making Snow White more believably human and realistic than any of the Disney studio's previous animated characters. This was a challenge Luske and co-animator Les Clark had previously been asked to explore while developing the character of Persephone for the "Silly Symphonies" animated short "The Goddess of Spring". Of that project, Les Clark later remarked, "I'm sure Walt was thinking ahead to "Snow White"." Though the Persephone character ended up appearing somewhat lifeless and devoid of personality, that experiment in imitating realistic human movement and anatomy was continued and its lessons were applied in the development of Snow White's animation techniques.
The relatively new technique of using live-action footage as a reference for character movements was used extensively to bring Snow White's character to life. A young dancer named Marjorie Celeste Belcher (nicknamed Margie Bell) served as the live-action model for Snow White. (Margie Bell, daughter of animator Ernest Belcher, also later modeled for the Blue Fairy character in Disney's 1940 film "Pinocchio".) Hamilton Luske directed her through the filming of numerous movement sequences, and then the animators studied and copied the footage to enhance the realism of Snow White's animated movements. Animator Ollie Johnston later recalled, "Ham's careful planning and shooting of the live-action footage, always with the idea in mind of how it would be used in animation, resulted in a very convincing character."
Voice.
Disney could not find a voice for Snow White. Around 150 girls auditioned for the role of Snow White, including well-known actresses such as Deanna Durbin, whose voice seemed too old to Disney. One assistant to Disney called his friend and teacher vocal music Guido Cazelotti, complaining that Hollywood had no singing girls. Cazelotti wanted to offer to send their best to listen to the students, but it turned out that his 20-year old daughter Adriana overheard a conversation on another phone in the house, and she sang in a tube and has demonstrated her shrill girlish voice. Her father was confused and told his daughter to get away from the phone, but the casting director liked her voice and invited her to audition. After Walt Disney heard her, he immediately gave her a role.
The studio signed a multi-page contract with Adriana Caselotti: she was forbidden to sing in a movie or on the radio before the movie, instead she received $970 (now worth approximately $).
Since 2000 and until 2010, Snow White was voiced by American voice actress Carolyn Gardner, but since 2011, Snow White has been voiced by American actress Katherine Von Till, who first voiced the character in the Disneyland-themed video game "Kinect Disneyland Adventures".
Characteristics.
Snow White is a 14-year old princess with short hair "as black as ebony", full lips as "red as the rose", skin "white as snow", and brown eyes. Snow White is a kind, gentle, sweet, innocent, cheerful, and motherly character, with a trusting nature. She also shows great resilience and an inner strength against adversity.
Though she is first seen in rags at the film's beginning, Snow White is most well known for her iconic gown with a blue bodice, a long yellow skirt, short red and blue striped sleeves, and a high white collar, along with tan court shoes, a red cape, and a red hair ribbon.
Appearances.
"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs".
Snow White first appears in the film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). In the film she is depicted as living under her wicked, vain stepmother, the Queen, who forces Snow White to engage in menial labor, fearing that one day Snow White's beauty might become greater than her own. After many years, the Queen's magic mirror confirms Snow White as being the "fairest of them all", which causes the Queen to cast Snow White out and send a huntsman to kill her. When he refuses to do so, the huntsman helps Snow White escape into the forest. Snow White stumbles upon the home of the seven dwarfs, who happily aid her.
The Queen discovers that Snow White has survived and uses magic to disguise herself as an old hag and creates a poisoned apple that will kill whoever that eats it will be put into "Sleeping Death" and only a kiss of true love could revive her. When the dwarfs are away the hag arrives at the dwarfs cottage and offers Snow White the poisoned apple, unbeknownst to her that it is the Queen in disguise. Snow White bites into the apple and falls into a coma. The dwarfs discovering what had happened track down the Queen and short fight ensues and the Queen is killed. Believing her dead, the dwarfs build an open grave for Snow White to rest on. Time passes and the Prince comes across Snow White. Saddened by her apparent death, he kisses her, causing her to awaken. As the Seven Dwarfs dance with joy, Snow White and the Prince go off to live in his castle.
In other media.
Snow White is an official member of the Disney Princess line, a prominent franchise directed at young girls. The franchise covers a wide variety of merchandise, including but not limited to magazines, music albums, toys, video games, clothes and stationery.
Snow White also appears as a cameo in the films "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988) and "The Lion King 1½" (2004).
Snow White's Scary Adventures is a dark ride dedicated to the princess and her story at the Disneyland, Magic Kingdom, Tokyo Disneyland, and Disneyland Paris theme parks. Located in Fantasyland, it is one of the few remaining attractions operational on Disneyland's opening day in 1955. The ride was taken down in Disney World in May 2012 as part of the New Fantasyland expansion. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is an upcoming 2014 attraction at Magic Kingdom, that is based on the film, and includes the Dwarfs' Cottage and a new mine train roller coaster. Princess Fairytale Hall is an attraction at the Magic Kingdom that replaces "Snow White's Scary Adventures".
Aside from appearing in video games related to the Disney Princess franchise media as well as appearances on the television show "Disney's House of Mouse," Snow White also appears in the popular "Kingdom Hearts" series as one of the Disney Princesses of Heart. She first appears in the first "Kingdom Hearts" as a Princess of Heart captured by Maleficent. She reprises her role from the film in the PlayStation Portable game, "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep".
Actress Ginnifer Goodwin portrays a live-action version of Snow White on the ABC series "Once Upon a Time".
On June 18, 2013, the US Patent and Trademark Office granted The Walt Disney Company's trademark application (filed November 19, 2008), for the name "Snow White" that covers all live and recorded movie, television, radio, stage, computer, Internet, news, and photographic entertainment uses, except literature works of fiction and nonfiction.
Reception.
Since her first appearance in 1937, Disney's Snow White character has elicited a range of reactions from film critics. Writing in 1937, John C. Flinn Sr. of "Variety", described Snow White as "the embodiment of girlish sweetness and kindness". Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" wrote in 2001, "Snow White is, truth to tell, a bit of a bore, not a character who acts but one whose mere existence inspires others to act," and went on to say that "Disney's inspiration was not in creating Snow White but in creating her world." Sandie Angulo Chen of "Common Sense Media" wrote in 2005, "As is to be expected in a film made in 1937, Snow White is a passive damsel in distress who needs to be rescued by her true love ... Although Snow White may not be as brave as Mulan, as intelligent as Belle, or as talented as Ariel, she is, like Cinderella after her. Snow White is the sweetest and weakest among the Disney Princesses." Desson Thomson of "The Washington Post" joked, "Snow White may be pure, but she has no real estate, is compulsive about house-cleaning and talks to animals". "TV Guide's" review describes the character as "the most surreal" of the Disney Princesses, noting that "never again would Walt's heroine have such a fantasy singing voice, and for that reason, she's the favorite heroine of many animation "auteurs"."
Snow White is one of the few fictional characters with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19827644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827644" title="Arura">
Arura

Arura or aroura (Greek: ἄρουρα), is a Homeric Greek word with original meaning "arable land", derived from the verb "ἀρόω" ("aroō"), "plough". The word was also used generally for earth, land and father-land and in plural to describe corn-lands and fields. The term "arura" was also used to describe a measure of land in ancient Egypt (similar in manner to the acre), a square of 100 Egyptian cubits each way. This measures 2700m² or 2/3 of an acre. The oldest attested form of the word is the Mycenaean Greek "a-ro-u-ra", written in Linear B syllabic script, originally meant "plough".

</doc>
<doc id="19827646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827646" title="Coon Bid'ness">
Coon Bid'ness

"Coon Bid'ness" is an album released by Julius Hemphill in 1975 featuring performances by Hemphill, Baikida Carroll, Abdul Wadud, Phillip Wilson, Arthur Blythe, Barry Altschul and Daniel Zebulon. The final track, "The Hard Blues," was recorded at the same recording session as Hemphill's debut album "Dogon A.D.".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The music throughout is quite avant-garde but differs from the high-energy jams of the 1960s due to its emphasis on building improvisations as a logical outgrowth from advanced compositions. It's well worth several listens.".
Track listing.
All tracks by Julius Hemphill
Personnel.
Tracks 1-4:
Track 5:

</doc>
<doc id="19827674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827674" title="Coles Bay, Tasmania">
Coles Bay, Tasmania

Coles Bay is an Australian town on the east Coast of Tasmania 192 km north-east of Hobart and 209 km south-east of Launceston, being the main entrance point for visitors to the Freycinet National Park. It has a population of about 470 people including the surrounding area, but a large number of tourists visit the area for its scenery and outdoor activities, which include hiking, biking, fishing, boating and Sea kayaking. 
The town is on the northern end of Great Oyster Bay with stunning views of the red and pink granite peaks known as The Hazards, on the Freycinet Peninsula. It is in the area of the Glamorgan Spring Bay Council. Each Easter the town is one of the three locations for the Australian Three Peaks Race, a continuous sailing and running event starting at Beauty Point just north of Launceston and ending at Hobart with runners scaling three mountains including Mount Freycinet (33 km run; 620 m ascent).
History.
Whaling parties, tin and coal miners pastoralists are some of the many people who have lived and worked on the Freycinet Peninsula since European settlement. These old mine shafts, old farmers' huts and whale shafts remains today attract many tourists. 
In 1916 the area along with Mount Field became Tasmania's first national park.
Coles Bay Post Office opened on 21 December 1953.
Plastic shopping bag ban.
The town became one of the first in the world to ban Plastic shopping bags in April 2003, after a two-year campaign. Local bakery owner and Coles Bay Tourism Association president Ben Kearney organised all the Coles Bay retailers to stop using plastic bags and worked with Planet Ark to introduce alternatives including recycled paper bags which can be purchased for a small fee and reusable calico shopping bags. On Australia Day 2005 Ben Kearney was declared "Australia's Local Hero for 2005" for his commitment to the environment.
The Tasmanian Government awarded Coles Bay an Environmental Excellence Award for banning use of plastic bags.

</doc>
<doc id="19827678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827678" title="Dubai Opera Ball">
Dubai Opera Ball

The Vienna Opera Ball Dubai is part of the Vienna Opera Ball series, and has taken place on two occasions in Dubai of the United Arab Emirates.
The first Dubai Opera Ball was held on February 17, 2005, at Madinat Jumeirah. Its main patron was Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, President of the Department of Civil Aviation, Chairman of The Emirates Group.
The second Dubai Opera Ball took place on Thursday, March 16, 2006, again at the Madinat Jumeirah and under the patronage of Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum. Emirates Airline was a title sponsor.

</doc>
<doc id="19827696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827696" title="Aurora (Disney)">
Aurora (Disney)

Princess Aurora is a fictional character and the title character of Disney's 1959 animated film "Sleeping Beauty", who is based from "The Beauty sleeping in the Wood" by Charles Perrault, published in 1697. "Little Briar Rose", the title of the German version of the fairy tale published by the Brothers Grimm in 1812 is given for the peasant guise. Aurora was first voiced by Mary Costa in the 1959 film. Erin Torpey took over in the sequels and was later replaced by Jennifer Hale, until 2013 when Kate Higgins took her place. Aurora is the third member of the Disney Princess line.
Created by Walt Disney and animated by Marc Davis, Aurora is the princess of a fictionalized English kingdom and the only daughter of King Stefan and Queen Leah. At her birth, two of three good fairies predicted that she would one day possess great beauty of person and of voice. However, on that day, she was also cursed by the evil fairy Maleficent, who foretold that on her sixteenth birthday, she would prick her finger on a spinning wheel's spindle and die. The third remaining good fairy then altered the curse so that, when pricked with the spindle, she would only fall into a deep slumber, from which she would only be awakened by the kiss of Prince Phillip, to whom she was betrothed at birth.
Development.
The original character design of Aurora was done by Tom Oreb, who modeled the princess after the elegant, slender features of actress Audrey Hepburn. Aurora's lead animator, Marc Davis, who previously animated Cinderella, working with sketches by Oreb, finished the appearance and clothing of the heroine, so that they would blend with the angular forms of the background images. In "Sleeping Beauty", he also animated the wicked Maleficent.
As done with other Disney films, Walt Disney hired an actress to perform live-action scenes as a reference for the animation process. Actress Helene Stanley performed the live-action reference for Princess Aurora. She did the same kind of work for the characters of Anita in "One Hundred and One Dalmatians" and Cinderella.
According to Christopher Finch, author of "The Art of Walt Disney":
Costume design for the Aurora engaged Alice Davis, which was the wife of animator Marc Davis (until his death in 2000). This was the first work in the studio Alice Disney, during which she became the wife of Mark Davis (1956).
Voice.
Once, Mary Costa (voice of Aurora) attended a party with her future husband, director Frank Tashlin, where she happened to connect with the right people, and soon found herself auditioning for the part of Princess Aurora, where for about three years conducted an audition on the role of Aurora.
The singer started having problems with the voice of the character: since Mary Costa was from the South, she spoke with a southern accent, but Aurora was not from the American South, so Costa had to resist slipping into her natural accent while recording.
Characteristics.
Aurora is a 16-year old maiden with hair of sunshine gold, lips as red as rose, violet eyes and fair complexion. She's best described as kind, gentle, sweet, graceful and charming. She doesn't like the fact that the fairies won't let her meet anybody and often longs to meet new people and do new things. Aurora is heartbroken when she learns she must never see the handsome Prince Phillip again.
Aurora is generally depicted wearing her pink ball gown with a petal overskirt and long triangular sleeves. Aurora also wears matching high heels, a gold choker, and a gold tiara.
Signature Song.
While under the name of Briar Rose, Aurora sings her signature song "Once Upon a Dream." In her dreams she remembers meeting a prince and believes that is her true love. She does not know yet that she is a princess. What she does not know is that she met Prince Phillip when she was a baby, but she does not remember because she was an infant. Eventually Phillip hears the song and sings and dances with her. After the song, they eventually fall in love with each other. Aurora does not even know his name but she is already betrothed to him.
Appearances.
"Sleeping Beauty".
Princess Aurora was born from King Stefan and his wife, Queen Leah. At her christening, she was given gifts by two of the three fairies that showed up. Following this, the evil fairy named Maleficent appears, angry at not being invited, and puts a curse on Aurora stating that at the age of sixteen, she would prick her finger on the spindle from the spinning wheel and die. Luckily the third good fairy, named Merryweather, had not yet presented a gift and is able to change the curse to sleep instead of death which only True Love's Kiss could break. Concerned, the three good fairies take Aurora to a secluded cottage in the forest and change her name to Briar Rose. When Aurora grows to be a teenager, she is dancing and singing in the forest when she meets a handsome man who happened to hear her singing. Briar Rose does not realize he is Prince Phillip who is betrothed to her, and they agree to meet again that evening.
Meanwhile the three good fairies are preparing for her birthday when they plan to surprise her with the news that she is a princess. But when Briar Rose returns with the news of meeting a handsome and enchanting man, Prince Phillip, the fairies must tell her she can never see him again. The three fairies tell her about the future that is set for her and that night they take her back to the castle. Aurora is saddened that she will never see the man from the forest and breaks into tears. The three fairies exit the room they secretly entered so as to let the princess have a few moments alone. Aurora suddenly sees a floating spark of light cast by Maleficent and, in a trance, follows the spark through the back of the fireplace and up a staircase to an abandoned empty room to a spinning wheel that was conjured up. The three good fairies try to stop her, but Maleficent's spell is too strong and Aurora touches the spindle, pricking her finger. She is then put in a bed by the fairies where she can sleep peacefully within the highest tower. To prevent further hurt in the kingdom, the fairies put the whole kingdom to sleep. They discover from King Hubert that his son Prince Phillip was the man in the forest that Aurora had met and he's walking into a trap, and they help him confront Maleficent. After Prince Phillip fights and seemingly kills Maleficent, who transformed into a dragon, he moves upstairs to where Aurora slumbers and kisses her on her lips; she wakes up from the spell and smiles. They dance at the ball announcing her betrothal.
"Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams".
In the beginning of the movie, Princess Aurora introduces herself. This is very important, since little can be known about Aurora's personality from "Sleeping Beauty". After she asks a question, she guides the viewer to the scene where she is told by her father, King Stefan and her mother, Leah, that being a princess is so easy. Then after both her parents and Prince Phillip leave, she has some duties to do when as a princess. During the "Keys To The Kingdom" musical number, she orders her servants to cook food, plant tulips, lilies, and orange trees, cut topiary, and paint the trellis pink. She has been taken to the table in a chair where she can wait for her guests to come for the party. Later on, the clumsy Duke helps her sign the forms and reviews what she has found. There is a speech sheet with a golden medal on it King Hubert has forgotten to take. She instantly sends it to the three good fairies and is told by Merryweather that she has to use her wand for magic. When she uses it to make the giant chickens, green pigs, and brown cows appear, one of the brown cows chases the Duke. She then manages to sell cows to the farmer who meets her and the other peasants who wait for too long. After Prince Phillip, King Hubert, her parents and the Good fairies return, they all attend a banquet together and she talks about how she enjoyed her own duties. After the movie Aurora thanks the viewer for watching her story and gives a goodbye wave.
In other media.
Princess Aurora appears in the "Kingdom Hearts" series as one of the seven Princesses of Heart (maidens who lack darkness in their hearts). In the first Kingdom Hearts game, she is the first Princess of Heart to be kidnapped by Maleficent. Soon after being kidnapped, her world, the Enchanted Dominion, is destroyed by the Heartless. She is held hostage at Hollow Bastion along with the other princesses through most of the game. Eventually, Riku (while being possessed by Xehanort's Heartless) uses her heart (along with the hearts of Cinderella, Snow White, Belle, Alice and Jasmine) to create the Keyblade of People's Hearts, a mysterious weapon which can unlock the darkness in people's hearts. Eventually, after Sora sacrifices himself to awaken Kairi (the seventh princess), the Keyblade of People's Hearts is destroyed and Aurora's heart flies back to her body, but not before the Princesses' Hearts leave darkness flowing out of the Keyhole of Hollow Bastion. Aurora and the other princesses remain in Hollow Bastion, using the light in their hearts to hold the darkness back until the keyhole is sealed. At the end of the game, Sora, Donald Duck and Goofy defeat Xehanort's Heartless, the Enchanted Dominion is restored, and Aurora returns to her home. She is briefly mentioned in "Kingdom Hearts II", where her name is part of the password for Ansem's computer. In "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep", the same events from the 1959 film occurred until Terra arrives at the Enchanted Dominion. By that time, Aurora has already been placed in a deep slumber under the influence of the curse laid by Maleficent. When Terra reaches the tower and meets Maleficent, she uses the darkness in his heart to temporarily take control of his body and forces him to take Aurora's heart. Her heart was kept in Maleficent's castle until Ventus comes to retrieve it with the three fairies. Although her heart returned, the curse is not broken. Prince Phillip eventually escapes with Aqua's aid and reaches the tower where he kisses Aurora and breaks the spell.
A live-action version of Aurora is a recurring character in the second and third seasons of the television series, "Once Upon a Time" and she is portrayed by Sarah Bolger. Oddly, Aurora is found sleeping in a desert palace and her clothing bears a Middle Eastern flavor (apart from her tiara, which looks Elven). She is at least the second "Sleeping Beauty" in the series continuity: it is mentioned that her mother was afflicted with the same curse by Maleficent years before. The sleeping curse is the same one that the Evil Queen used on Snow White; this becomes an important plot point later in the season.
Aurora will be played by Elle Fanning in the upcoming film, "Maleficent".
Princess Aurora is often seen in the theme parks as a meet-and-greet character, played by a cast member. She usually wears her pink ball gown and tiara. The iconic castle in Disneyland is called the Sleeping Beauty Castle. There is also a Sleeping Beauty castle in Hong Kong Disneyland and in Disneyland Paris, called Le Château de la Belle au Bois Dormant (French for previously mentioned title). Park visitors are able to walk through the castle and view several dioramas depicting scenes from the Disney film "Sleeping Beauty". The original dioramas were designed in the style of Eyvind Earle, production designer for the film. Aurora and the other Disney Princesses also have a meet and greet attraction called "Princess Fairytale Hall" at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom.
Princess Aurora is an official member of the Disney Princess line, a prominent franchise directed at young girls. The franchise covers a wide variety of merchandise, including but not limited to magazines, music albums, toys, video games, clothes and stationery.
Trademark.
The Walt Disney Company currently has a trademark application pending with the US Patent and Trademark Office, filed March 13, 2007, for the name "Princess Aurora" that would cover all live and recorded movie, television, radio, stage, computer, Internet, news, and photographic entertainment uses, except literature works of fiction and nonfiction. This has caused controversy because "Princess Aurora" is the name of the lead character in "The Sleeping Beauty Ballet", from where Disney acquired the name and some of the music for its animated film, and which is performed live on stage and sometimes television and often sold later as a recorded performance on video. The trademark was granted despite this on January 17, 2012.
Reception and legacy.
Aurora has received generally mixed reception. Variety praised Mary Costa's "rich and expressive" vocal performance, accrediting it with giving the character "substance and strength". Rob Burch, of "Hollywood News", found Aurora to be a "naive but well-rounded character". Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" was fairly mixed in his review of the character, criticizing her overall similarity to Snow White. Crowther wrote, "The princess looks so much like Snow White they could be a couple of Miss Rheingolds separated by three or four years."
Time Out gave the character a fairly negative review, describing her as "a delicate, vapid princess". "Entertainment Weekly"s Steve Daly did not find Aurora to be "as much fun as the three fussy-old-lady fairies". Mary Costa, the original voice of Aurora, said that she was not fond of the way that the character was written in "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams" and also felt that the story did not work. However, Aurora is one of the most popular princesses, being the second to appear in most of the marketing in the Disney princess franchise, tied up with Belle, and behind Cinderella. Mary Costa also received a Disney Legends Award for voicing the character.

</doc>
<doc id="19827702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827702" title="Kakizaki Hakyo">
Kakizaki Hakyo


</doc>
<doc id="19827712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827712" title="Twice in a Blue Moon">
Twice in a Blue Moon

Twice in a Blue Moon is the third studio album by Dutch trance artist Ferry Corsten, released on November 1, 2008, at his second edition of the "Full on Ferry" gig. November 3, 2008, was the official release date to purchase outwith the "Full on Ferry" gig. The first single released from the album was "Brain Box" in 2007, before the album was even announced.
The album is inspired by many goings on in Corsten's life, including the birth of his daughter, Gabriella. The album got its title from a television program about roses Corsten was watching, which featured a rose called 'Twice in a Blue Moon', with Corsten knowing that "once in a blue moon" is a saying about something that only seldom happens. He also stated that he felt the title was fitting because of the birth of his new daughter, and also having his wife's love. The love of these two persons was considered so special by Corsten that 'Twice in a Blue Moon' was considered as an appropriate title.
The album has gone through various changes, including tracks such as "Made of Love", which originally never featured vocals. Corsten decided to add vocals after playing the track live a few times as Corsten does to test some new songs.
"Twice in a Blue Moon" is a new step in Corsten's sound and a new style transition from his previous album "L.E.F.". The latter was more of a protest against trance music due to its predictability, thus resulting in a more electronic sounding and electro-styled album. Regarding the album cover of "Twice in a Blue Moon", Corsten's trademark 'F' logo (with the 'F' obviously standing for his first name Ferry) was used to make the album stand out and to fit the style of the music featured on the album. This also makes it easily recognizable to fans, old and new.

</doc>
<doc id="19827721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827721" title="Garisan (Gangwon)">
Garisan (Gangwon)

Garisan is a mountain in Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its sits on the boundary between the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hongcheon. Garisan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19827726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827726" title="Sex in the American Civil War">
Sex in the American Civil War

During the American Civil War, sexual behavior and attitudes, like many other aspects of life, were affected by the conflict. The advent of photography and easier media distribution, for example, allowed for greater access to sexual material for the common soldier.
In camp.
At camp, "barracks favorites" were available. These were inexpensive novels of a sexual nature. Photographs of nudity were available as well, and were purchased by both enlisted men and officers. These twelve by fifteen inch pictures cost $1.20 for a dozen, or ten cents for a single picture. These were usually pictures of nude women doing innocent things; nude women that were engaging in actual sexual activity were usually not white, but either black or Indian. With the soldiers being far away from their wives and sweethearts, it is far more likely these were used for masturbation, and not just for entertainment. Only three of the novels are still known to exist; they are located at the Kinsey Institute of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.
However, this is not to say females were not available for sex. Prostitutes were among the camp followers following behind marching troops. Popular legend has it that they were so common around the Army of the Potomac when Union general Joseph Hooker was in command that the term "hooker" was coined to describe them; however, the term had been in use since 1845. The number of prostitutes around Hooker's division only "cemented" the term.
This led to many cases of venereal disease. Among white Union soldiers there was a total of 73,382 syphilis cases and 109,397 gonorrhea cases. The total rate of VD among the white Union troops were 82 cases per 1000 men, where before and after the war the rate was 87 of 1000. Union black troops, however, had rates of 34 per 1000 for syphilis and 44 per 1000 for gonorrhea. Cases were most prominent around larger cities like Nashville, Tennessee, New Orleans, Richmond, Virginia, and Washington, D.C.. Numbers for Confederates are unknown, but are assumed less due to Confederate soldiers being less likely to be in cities.
Prostitution.
Prostitution experienced its largest growth during 1861-1865. Some historians have speculated that this growth can be attributed to a depression, and the need for women to support themselves and their families while their husbands were away at war. Other historians considered the growth of prostitution to be related to the women wanting to spread venereal disease to the opposing troops. The term ‘public women’ was coined for the women that became prostitutes. There was moral outrage at this rising employment, and law officials classified the people they arrested as such. The word “hooker” predates the Civil War, but became popularized by Union General Joseph Hooker. After the outbreak of war, the number of brothels skyrocketed. “In 1864 there were 450 brothels in Washington, and over 75 brothels in nearby Alexandria, Virginia. A newspaper estimated there were 5000 public women in the District and another 2500 in Alexandria and Georgetown, bringing the total to 7500 by the war’s third year”. However, it was the towns located just outside the camps where prostitution was most prominent. These small towns were overrun by the sex trade when army troops set up nearby camps. One soldier wrote home to his wife, “It is said that one house in every ten is a bawdy house—it is a perfect Sodom.” 
The most notorious area for prostitution was in Tennessee. Before the outbreak of the war, Nashville recorded 207 prostitutes; however, in 1863 reports claimed to have at least 1500 prostitutes. The area where these prostitutes could be found was known as Smokey Row. In an infamous campaign to rid the city of the ‘public women’ Lt. Col. George Spalding loaded the women on to the steamboat Idahoe. The women were sent to Louisville, where they were not allowed off the ship and sent further along to Cincinnati. Many of the women became sick due to lack of food and they were again forced to turn around and return to Nashville. Once they arrived back in Nashville, Lt. Col. Spaulding created a system of registration similar to European ones. He inadvertently created the first legal system of prostitution.
This is the set of regulations he set up:
1. That a license be issued to each prostitute, a record of which shall be kept at this office, together with the number and street of her residence.
2. That one skillful surgeon be appointed as a Board of Examination whose duty it shall be to examine personally every week, each licensed prostitute, giving certificate soundness to those who are healthy and ordering those into hospital those who are in the slightest degree diseased.
3. That a building suitable for a hospital for the invalids be taken for that purpose, and that a weekly tax of fifty cents be levied on each prostitute for the purpose of defraying the expense of said hospital.
4. That all public women found plying their vocation without a license and certificate be at once arrested and incarcerated in the workhouse for a period of not less than thirty days.
Prostitution experienced a large growth and spread across the North and South, and was one of the only industries to cross enemy lines throughout the duration of the war.
Women.
Some women were soldiers, but dressed as men. A Union officer was once quoted regarding how a Union sergeant was "in violation of all military law" by giving birth to child, and this was not the only case where the true sex of a soldier was discovered due to childbirth. A captured Confederate officer whose true gender was previously unknown by the guards gave birth in a Union prison camp.
Some soldiers engaged in acts of rape. The Confederate records were destroyed, but a perusal of only five percent of Federal records reveal that over thirty court martial trials were held due to instances of rape; hanging or firing squad being the usual punishment if convicted. Sometimes, offering a white woman of good standing money for sex was considered almost tantamount to rape; in the case of an Illinois private at Camp Dennison, for example, the perpetrator spent a month at the guardhouse for offering a mother a dollar and her daughter three dollars for sex. Federal troops who committed rape while invading the southern states mostly took advantage of black rather than white women, and black soldiers were usually punished more severely for the crime than their white counterparts.
Homosexuality.
The term "homosexuality" would not be coined until thirty years after the war ended. However, no army soldiers were disciplined for such activity, although three pairs of Union Navy sailors were punished, all in 1865.
There was only one case of male prostitution reported during the war. "The Richmond Dispatch" reported on May 13, 1862, of "prostitutes of both sexes" openly displaying themselves in carriages and on sidewalks.
Scholars have tried to ascertain if certain Civil War figures were homosexual. The most notable of these was Confederate major general Patrick Cleburne, although it is still disputed.
Legacy.
After the war, many Southern men felt their manhood diminished in a manner some historians dubbed a "crisis of gender"; a crisis exacerbated after Confederate president Jefferson Davis was apprehended by Union soldiers wearing his wife's shawl for warmth. The false rumor quickly spread in the North that Davis was caught during his escape while dressed as a woman. Period drawings depicting Davis in full women's dress (bonnet included) were used to ridicule the Confederacy's former President.
One thing that came from the spread of pornography during the war was the rise of anti-pornography forces; in particular, the Comstock laws.

</doc>
<doc id="19827747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827747" title="John C. Champion">
John C. Champion

John C. Champion (born October 13, 1923 in Denver, Colorado, USA, died October 3, 1994 in Tarzana, California, USA) was an American producer and screenwriter.
Biography.
John C. Champion's first films were two Westerns that he produced and co-wrote with Blake Edwards. "Panhandle" (1948) and "Stampede" (1949) were both directed by Lesley Selander for Allied Artists. He later worked again with Selander as producer and screenwriter on another western, "Shotgun", and the Korean War film "Dragonfly Squadron". Champion produced and co-wrote with Arthur Hailey the aviation film "Zero Hour!" that was remade as the comedy "Airplane".
In 1959 Champion produced the Western TV series "Laramie" and wrote several episodes in the series that ran until 1963. He wrote the original serious one hour pilot of "McHale's Navy" called "Seven Against the Sea". In 1965 he formed a company with Audie Murphy, M.C.R. Productions to produce Westerns in Spain, but only one, "The Texican" was made.
He moved to England in 1967 where he wrote and produced low budget war films for Mirisch Films GB such as "Attack on the Iron Coast", "The Last Escape", and "Submarine X-1". Like "Dragonfly Squadron", the low-budget films, made by Oakmont Productions featured large amounts of stock footage and were made with American leads and directors.
Champion wrote one novel "The Hawks of Noon" (1965). In 1969 Rod Taylor announced that he would star in a film of the book and have a multi-picture deal with Champion, but no films were made.
Champion's final film was "Mustang Country" in 1976 with Joel McCrea that Champion directed, produced and wrote.

</doc>
<doc id="19827748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827748" title="A. E. Levett">
A. E. Levett

Ada Elizabeth Levett (1881–1932), known professionally as A. E. Levett, was an Oxford-educated native of Bodiam, Sussex, who became a pioneering woman economic historian specializing in medieval feudalism. Levett was Vice Principal of St Hilda's College, Oxford, and later took up an appointment to a history chair at Westfield College at the University of London.
Levett was born into an old Sussex family in Bodiam, near the border between Kent and Sussex, where her family had lived since medieval times. Bodiam Castle had been held by the Levett family during the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries, and the lane near the castle was named for them. The once-powerful Anglo-Norman family, one of the county's oldest, had held manors and lands across Sussex. The study of medieval feudalism was probably in Levett's genes. 
Levett's father was a simple yeoman farmer as well as an outdoor enthusiast. Academic pursuits were not encouraged in the household, especially for women. Nevertheless, both Elizabeth and her younger sister Mary Jane Levett (known professionally as M. J. Levett) became noted scholars. 
Elizabeth Levett graduated from Oxford, then became Tutor in Modern History, writer, lecturer and Vice Principal at St Hilda's College, Oxford, where her scrupulous research and lean writing style made her stand out, even among her women contemporaries at Oxford, who often chose the route of close archival study to set themselves apart from male contemporaries. These women were redefining the role of women at the University: women had been forbidden to be faculty members or examine for the university, nor were they allowed to take the M.A. diploma (they were permitted to take a B.A.). Oxford published women's examination results in a separate class-list up until 1952.
But some Oxford dons welcomed the new influence. Professor Ernest Barker, for instance, taught both Elizabeth Levett and her gifted contemporary Maude Clark before departing Oxford to become principal of King's College, London.
In her specialty of medieval economic history, Levett made use of archives in monasteries and local archives. Her style was known for its rigorous scholarship with attention to the minutest detail. In the Ewart lecture of 1916, Levett argued for "a stricter method, more rigidly exact in its collection of evidence." Her method, evident in her deeply researched works, was typical of her Oxford contemporaries, Levett noted. No detail should be left out, she said, "not even a mouse-trap, nor even, what is less, a peg for a harp."
Her most noted works are "Studies in Manorial History" and "English Manorial History in the Fourteenth Century", but she published scores of academic articles and monographs on medieval history -- from the obscure details of feudalism to more sensational topics like the Black Death.
A student of the legal and social historian Sir Paul Vinogradoff at Oxford, Elizabeth Levett took up the methods of careful scrutiny of archival sources, and added an economic historian's insights. Her study on the Black Death was groundbreaking at the time, and her work on the manorial courts of St Albans was seminal in the field. (She died before publication of the St. Albans work.) Speaking of her former professor Vinogradoff, Levett said "he taught me to unify my varied interests... into the great framework of Economics and Jurisprudence, and to bring it to bear on practical social history."
This growing wellspring of women historians was especially evident in the "Victoria History of the Counties of England", where much of the text was written by female medievalists like Levett, poring over contemporaneous medieval records of peasantry at the time. It was an approach that Levett herself advocated and embraced, and historians saw its impact on her own work. 
In writing about the property rights of peasant women during medieval times, for instance, Levett described the sale of land completed while a distraught wife sobbed in court -- described in the Latin of medieval records as "lacrimentem in pleno halimoto". The transfer was later voided by the court after the husband's death because of the wife's protests, but it was accepted by the court at the time. By focusing on such particular incidents in the old records, Levett limned the societal rights (or lack of them) of medieval women, who were seen as subordinate tenants.
In addition to her carefully footnoted academic pieces, Levett delivered lectures and wrote articles on prostitution, on university women and religion, and on women in the postwar world. As her reputation grew, and strictures on women in academia loosened, Levett found that she was in great demand as a lecturer and writer. The award of a history chair at Westfield College crowned her career as one of a small number of emerging British women historians. 
Elizabeth Levett died in 1932 at the age of 51 at the height of her professional career.
Levett's younger sister F. M. Jane Levett, early professor of logic at Glasgow University, also went on to an illustrious career. She is best known for her translation (as M.J. Levett) of Plato's "Theaetetus". Jane Levett died at her cottage near Tenterden, Kent, not far from her Bodiam birthplace, in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19827765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827765" title="HATU">
HATU

HATU (1-[Bis(dimethylamino)methylene]-1H-1,2,3-triazolo[4,5-b]pyridinium 3-oxid hexafluorophosphate) is a reagent used in peptide coupling chemistry to generate an active ester from a carboxylic acid. HATU is used along with Hunig's base ("N,N"-diisopropylethylamine, DIPEA) to form amide bonds. Generally DMF is used as solvent, although other polar organic solvents can also be used.
History.
HATU was first reported by Louis A. Carpino in 1993 as an efficient means of preparing active esters derived from 1-hydroxy-7-azabenzotriazole (HOAt). HATU can exist as either the uronium salt ("O-"form) or the less reactive iminium salt ("N"-form). HATU was initially reported as the O-form (1) using the original preparation reported by Carpino; however, X-ray crystallographic and NMR studies revealed the true structure of HATU to be the less reactive guanidinium isomer (2). It is, however, possible to obtain the uronium isomer by preparing HATU using KOAt in place of HOAt and working up the reaction mixture quickly to prevent isomerisation.
Reactions.
HATU is commonly encountered in alcohol and amine acylation reactions (i.e., ester and amide formation). Such reactions are typically performed in two distinct reaction steps: (1) reaction of a carboxylic acid with HATU to form the OAt-active ester; then (2) addition of the nucleophile (e.g., alcohol or amine) to the active ester solution to afford the acylated product.
The reaction mechanism of carboxylic acid activation by HATU and subsequent "N"-acylation is summarised in the figure below. The mechanism is shown using the more commonly encountered and commercially available iminium isomer; a similar mechanism, however, is likely to apply to the uronium form. In the first step, the carboxylate anion (formed by deprotonation by an organic base shown) attacks HATU to form the unstable "O"-acyl(tetramethyl)isouronium salt. The OAt anion rapidly attacks the isouronium salt, affording the OAt-active ester and liberating a stoichiometric quantity of tetramethylurea. Addition of a nucleophile, such as an amine, to the OAt-active ester results in acylation.
The high coupling efficiencies and fast reaction rates associated with HATU coupling are thought to arise from a neighbouring group effect brought about by the pyridine nitrogen atom, which stabilises the incoming amine through a hydrogen-bonded 7-membered cyclic transition state.

</doc>
<doc id="19827779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827779" title="Josh Keller">
Josh Keller

Josh Keller (born February 16, 1975 in Laguna Niguel, California) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent four seasons in Major League Soccer.
Keller attended UCLA, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1994 to 1997. In 1997, he was captain of the team when it won the NCAA Men's Soccer Championship. He graduated cum laude with a bachelors degree in psychology and business. In March 1998, the Tampa Bay Mutiny selected Keller in the first round (seventh overall) in the 1998 MLS College Draft. He played nine games for the Mutiny in 1998 before being traded to the Chicago Fire on June 29, 1998 in exchange for Jorge Salcedo. He played six games for the Fire that season. He also went on loan with the Charleston Battery of the USL A-League for four games. On March 17, 1999, the Fire traded Keller back to the Mutiny. When the Mutiny folded in 2001, the Dallas Burn selected Keller in the first round of the 2002 MLS Dispersal Draft. He elected to retire from professional soccer and joined Morgan Stanley, a financial services company. He later moved to Booz Allen Hamilton, a consulting firm. In January 2005, Keller moved to Proactive Sports Management where he is currently the Director of Marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="19827780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827780" title="Indian History Congress">
Indian History Congress

Indian History Congress is the largest professional and academic body of Indian historians with over 10,000 members. It was established in 1935. The name of any new applicant for membership needs to be proposed and seconded by existing Ordinary or Life Members. 
It's 69th session was inaugurated at the campus of the Kannur University, Kerala, on December 28–30, 2008 by the Chief minister of Kerala, V S Achuthanandan. Historians Ram Sharan Sharma, Romila Thapar, K N Panikkar, Irfan Habib, Pritam Saini have had a long association with the Indian History Congress. Its current President is R. Champakalakshmi of Jawaharlal Nehru University.
The Indian History Congress has constituted Vishwanath Kashinath Rajwade Award for lifelong service and contribution to Indian history which was given to professor R.S. Sharma in 2002.
Veteran Marxist leader Jyoti Basu was invited to speak the 61st session at Kolkata.

</doc>
<doc id="19827794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827794" title="Norske Gaardnavne">
Norske Gaardnavne

Norske Gaardnavne (English: Norwegian Farm Names) is a 19 volume set of books based on a manuscript prepared from 1897 to 1924 by Professor Oluf Rygh, a noted professor of archeology, philology and history at the University of Oslo. The book contains a standardized notation, information on pronunciation, historical forms and the etymology for recorded "gaardnavne" (farm, estate & manor names) in Norway. It was developed by detailed compilation of the various written and oral records of land ownership. It is the standard which establishes place names in Norway. Documenting over 45,000 farm names and related information in 1886, it became the inspiration for similar studies in Sweden and Denmark.
Work of the commission.
The Norwegian Stortinget, in an act of 6 June 1863, commissioned a general revision of public register that defines Norwegian public and private lands to allow consistent land ownership records and to update the basis for taxation in Norway (a cadastre). The work was intended to correct inconsistencies and errors in place names. In 1878 the professors Sophus Bugge, Oluf Rygh and prost Johan Fritzner were named as members of a commission to revise the names of recorded property. 
Several issues complicated this effort: 
Sources for place names.
Since spoken names evolve, the most useful etymological sources for place names are typically the oldest written sources. Hence the commission reviewed a number of older sources including old land records and the various letters and documents which comprise the Diplomatarium Norvegicum. However many of the place names predate written records by over 1,000 years, complicating the process. Further, for large parts of the country there were no formal land records until the official record of 1723. 
One of the commission’s main techniques for establishing names was through recording the oral pronunciation. To accomplish this, the commission studied pronunciations used among common people in day-to-day conversations. Differences were observed regionally as well as between urban and remote areas. However they found consistent relationships between the current verbal forms and the original names as found in both the current parish records and the older records.
Analysis of farm names.
The etymologic analysis identified the grammatical form of names - including gender, number, grammatical case and definite or indefinite article. Where records of earlier names exist, the phonetic changes through time are analyzed. The analysis identified derivations from a variety of sources, including: 
Publication.
After the initial manuscript was completed in 1892] the material was submitted to the National Archival Services of Norway. Interest in the work was so great that in 1896 Parliament appropriated money to publish it. In 1897, the first volume in the series "Norske Gaardnavne" went to press. 
"Norske Gaardnavne" was released in multiple volumes, with one or more volumes for each county and a separate volume with the preface and introduction, so people could buy individual volumes for areas in which they were interested. When Oluf Rygh died, the introductory volume and the first two county volumes (Smaalenenes Amt and Akershus Amt) had been published. Volumes 3 and 4 were essentially finished. The manuscript for subsequent volumes were edited by Albert Kjær (volume 4 2, 6, 7, 9, 12 and 19), Hjalmar Falk (volume 5), Amund B. Larsen (volume 8), Magnus Olsen (volume 10 and 11) and Karl Ditlev Rygh (volume 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17). In 1924 Just Knud Qvigstad and Magnus Olsen released an eighteenth, county-specific volume covering Finmarkens County.
Multiple editions of the work have subsequently been printed. With the support of the Arts Council Norway and nine counties, "Norske Gaardnavne" has been converted to an online digital database, which is available to the public for research.

</doc>
<doc id="19827799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827799" title="The Black Family (band)">
The Black Family (band)

The Black Family are a Celtic music ensemble, composed of Mary and Frances Black and their siblings, Shay, Michael, and Martin. The family has been called "one of the most important musical clans in Ireland".
The five were born into a musical family; their father, who hailed from Rathlin Island, was a fiddle player, and their mother was a music hall singer. The siblings perform together as a quintet in Dublin from the 1970s to the present day, and in 1977, Mary continued to play solo and with the groups General Humbert and De Dannan. Both Mary and Frances went on to become highly successful solo artists. The five siblings recorded a self-titled album, released in 1986. In 1989, they recorded again, with Mary producing the album for her four siblings. They reunited in 2004 for a third album, which also features their mother, Patty, singing on one tune. They continue to reunite for occasional live performances. 
Shay and Michael moved to California in the early 1990s and continue to have successful musical careers performing as The Black Brothers. The brothers released "What a Time" in 1995. Michael released his first solo and self-titled CD, Michael Black, produced by John Doyle, in 2006. Michael and Shay Black continue to tour as a band, The Black Brothers, throughout the United States and Canada. Martin lives in Dublin, and although family commitments have reduced his music commitment, he still plays small gigs in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19827803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827803" title="Nematode">
Nematode

The nematodes or roundworms constitute the phylum Nematoda. They are a diverse animal phylum inhabiting a very broad range of environments. Nematode species can be difficult to distinguish, and although over 25,000 have been described, of which more than half are parasitic, the total number of nematode species has been estimated to be about 1 million. Unlike cnidarians and flatworms, nematodes have tubular digestive systems with openings at both ends.
Habitats.
Nematodes have successfully adapted to nearly every ecosystem from marine to fresh water, to soils, and from the polar regions to the tropics, as well as the highest to the lowest of elevations. They are ubiquitous in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial environments, where they often outnumber other animals in both individual and species counts, and are found in locations as diverse as mountains, deserts and oceanic trenches. They are found in every part of the earth's lithosphere. They represent, for example, 90% of all life forms on the ocean floor. Their numerical dominance, often exceeding a million individuals per square meter and accounting for about 80% of all individual animals on earth, their diversity of life cycles, and their presence at various trophic levels point at an important role in many ecosystems. Their many parasitic forms include pathogens in most plants and animals (including humans). Some nematodes can undergo cryptobiosis.
One group of carnivorous fungi, the nematophagous fungi, are predators of soil nematodes. They set enticements for the nematodes in the form of lassos or adhesive structures. Nematodes have even been found at great depth (0.9–3.6 km) below the surface of the Earth in gold mines in South Africa.
Nathan Cobb described the ubiquity of nematodes on Earth thus:In short, if all the matter in the universe except the nematodes were swept away, our world would still be dimly recognizable, and if, as disembodied spirits, we could then investigate it, we should find its mountains, hills, vales, rivers, lakes, and oceans represented by a film of nematodes. The location of towns would be decipherable, since for every massing of human beings there would be a corresponding massing of certain nematodes. Trees would still stand in ghostly rows representing our streets and highways. The location of the various plants and animals would still be decipherable, and, had we sufficient knowledge, in many cases even their species could be determined by an examination of their erstwhile nematode parasites."
Taxonomy and systematics.
The group was originally defined by Karl Rudolphi in 1808 under the name Nematoidea, from Ancient Greek νῆμα ("nêma, nêmatos", 'thread') and -eiδἠς ("-eidēs", 'species'). It was reclassified as family Nematodes by Burmeister in 1837 and order Nematoda by K. M. Diesing in 1861.
At its origin, the "Nematoidea" included both roundworms and horsehair worms. Along with Acanthocephala, Trematoda and Cestoidea, it formed the group Entozoa. The first differentiation of roundworms from horsehair worms, though erroneous, is due to von Siebold (1843) with orders Nematoidea and Gordiacei (Gordiacea). They were classed along with Acanthocephala in the new phylum Nemathelminthes (today obsolete) by Gegenbaur (1859). The taxon Nematoidea, including the family Gordiidae (horsehair worms), was then promoted to the rank of phylum by Ray Lankester (1877). In 1919, Nathan Cobb proposed that roundworms should be recognized alone as a phylum. He argued they should be called nema(s) in English rather than "nematodes" and defined the taxon Nemates (Latin plural of "nema"). Since Cobb was the first to exclude all but nematodes from the group, some sources consider the valid taxon name to be Nemates or Nemata, rather than Nematoda.
Phylogeny.
The relationships of the nematodes and their close relatives among the protostomian Metazoa are unresolved. Traditionally, they were held to be a lineage of their own but in the 1990s, they were proposed to form the group Ecdysozoa together with moulting animals, such as arthropods. The identity of the closest living relatives of the Nematoda has always been considered to be well resolved. Morphological characters and molecular phylogenies agree with placement of the roundworms as a sister taxon to the parasitic horsehair worms (Nematomorpha); together they make up the Nematoida. Together with the Scalidophora (formerly Cephalorhyncha), the Nematoida form the Introverta. It is entirely unclear whether the Introverta are, in turn, the closest living relatives of the enigmatic Gastrotricha; if so, they are considered a clade Cycloneuralia, but much disagreement occurs both between and among the available morphological and molecular data. The Cycloneuralia or the Introverta—depending on the validity of the former—are often ranked as a superphylum.
Nematode systematics.
Due to the lack of knowledge regarding many nematodes, their systematics is contentious. An earliest and influential classification was proposed by Chitwood and Chitwood—later revised by Chitwood—who divided the phylum into two—the Aphasmidia and the Phasmidia. These were later renamed Adenophorea (gland bearers) and Secernentea (secretors), respectively. The Secernentea share several characteristics, including the presence of phasmids, a pair of sensory organs located in the lateral posterior region, and this was used as the basis for this division. This scheme was adhered to in many later classifications, though the Adenophorea were not a uniform group.
Initial DNA sequence studies suggested the existence of five clades:
As it seems, the Secernentea are indeed a natural group of closest relatives. But the "Adenophorea" appear to be a paraphyletic assemblage of roundworms simply retaining a good number of ancestral traits. The old Enoplia do not seem to be monophyletic either, but to contain two distinct lineages. The old group "Chromadoria" seem to be another paraphyletic assemblage, with the Monhysterida representing a very ancient minor group of nematodes. Among the Secernentea, the Diplogasteria may need to be united with the Rhabditia, while the Tylenchia might be paraphyletic with the Rhabditia.
The understanding of roundworm systematics and phylogeny as of 2002 is summarised below:
Phylum Nematoda
Later work has suggested the presence of 12 clades. The Secernentea—a group that includes virtually all major animal and plant 'nematode' parasites—apparently arose from within the Adenophorea.
A major effort to improve the systematics of this phylum is in progress and being organised by the 959 Nematode Genomes.
A complete checklist of the World's nematode species can be found in the World Species Index:Nematoda.
An analysis of the mitochondrial DNA suggests that the following groupings are valid
The Ascaridomorpha, Rhabditomorpha and Diplogasteromorpha appear to be related.
The suborders Spirurina and Tylenchina and the infraorders Rhabditomorpha, Panagrolaimomorpha and Tylenchomorpha are paraphytic.
The monophyly of the Ascaridomorph is uncertain.
Anatomy.
Nematodes are slender worms, typically less than long, but greater than 0.1 mm long. Nematodes are approximately 5 to 100 µm thick. The smallest nematodes are microscopic, while free-living species can reach as much as , and some parasitic species are larger still, reaching over a meter in length. The body is often ornamented with ridges, rings, bristles, or other distinctive structures.
The head of a nematode is relatively distinct. Whereas the rest of the body is bilaterally symmetrical, the head is radially symmetrical, with sensory bristles and, in many cases, solid 'head-shields' radiating outwards around the mouth. The mouth has either three or six lips, which often bear a series of teeth on their inner edges. An adhesive 'caudal gland' is often found at the tip of the tail.
The epidermis is either a syncytium or a single layer of cells, and is covered by a thick collagenous cuticle. The cuticle is often of complex structure, and may have two or three distinct layers. Underneath the epidermis lies a layer of longitudinal muscle cells. The relatively rigid cuticle works with the muscles to create a hydroskeleton as nematodes lack circumferential muscles. Projections run from the inner surface of muscle cells towards the nerve cords; this is a unique arrangement in the animal kingdom, in which nerve cells normally extend fibres into the muscles rather than "vice versa".
Digestive system.
The oral cavity is lined with cuticle, which is often strengthened with ridges or other structures, and, especially in carnivorous species, may bear a number of teeth. The mouth often includes a sharp stylet, which the animal can thrust into its prey. In some species, the stylet is hollow, and can be used to suck liquids from plants or animals.
The oral cavity opens into a muscular, sucking pharynx, also lined with cuticle. Digestive glands are found in this region of the gut, producing enzymes that start to break down the food. In stylet-bearing species, these may even be injected into the prey.
There is no stomach, with the pharynx connecting directly to a muscleless intestine that forms the main length of the gut. This produces further enzymes, and also absorbs nutrients through its single cell thick lining. The last portion of the intestine is lined by cuticle, forming a rectum, which expels waste through the anus just below and in front of the tip of the tail. Movement of food through the digestive system is the result of body movements of the worm. The intestine has valves or sphincters at either end to help control the movement of food through the body.
Excretory system.
Nitrogenous waste is excreted in the form of ammonia through the body wall, and is not associated with any specific organs. However, the structures for excreting salt to maintain osmoregulation are typically more complex.
In many marine nematodes, one or two unicellular 'renette glands' excrete salt through a pore on the underside of the animal, close to the pharynx. In most other nematodes, these specialised cells have been replaced by an organ consisting of two parallel ducts connected by a single transverse duct. This transverse duct opens into a common canal that runs to the excretory pore.
Nervous system.
"See also "Muscle arms""
Four peripheral nerves run the length of the body on the dorsal, ventral, and lateral surfaces. Each nerve lies within a cord of connective tissue lying beneath the cuticle and between the muscle cells. The ventral nerve is the largest, and has a double structure forward of the excretory pore. The dorsal nerve is responsible for motor control, while the lateral nerves are sensory, and the ventral combines both functions.
At the anterior end of the animal, the nerves branch from a dense, circular nerve ring surrounding the pharynx, and serving as the brain. Smaller nerves run forward from the ring to supply the sensory organs of the head.
The bodies of nematodes are covered in numerous sensory bristles and papillae that together provide a sense of touch. Behind the sensory bristles on the head lie two small pits, or 'amphids'. These are well supplied with nerve cells, and are probably chemoreception organs. A few aquatic nematodes possess what appear to be pigmented eye-spots, but is unclear whether or not these are actually sensory in nature.
Reproduction.
Most nematode species are dioecious, with separate male and female individuals. Both sexes possess one or two tubular gonads. In males, the sperm are produced at the end of the gonad, and migrate along its length as they mature. The testes each open into a relatively wide sperm duct and then into a glandular and muscular ejaculatory duct associated with the cloaca. In females, the ovaries each open into an oviduct and then a glandular uterus. The uteri both open into a common vagina, usually located in the middle of the ventral surface.
Reproduction is usually sexual. Males are usually smaller than females (often much smaller) and often have a characteristically bent tail for holding the female. During copulation, one or more chitinized spicules move out of the cloaca and are inserted into the genital pore of the female. Amoeboid sperm crawl along the spicule into the female worm. Nematode sperm is thought to be the only eukaryotic cell without the globular protein G-actin.
Eggs may be embryonated or unembryonated when passed by the female, meaning their fertilized eggs may not yet be developed. A few species are known to be ovoviviparous. The eggs are protected by an outer shell, secreted by the uterus. In free-living roundworms, the eggs hatch into larvae, which appear essentially identical to the adults, except for an underdeveloped reproductive system; in parasitic roundworms, the life cycle is often much more complicated.
Nematodes as a whole possess a wide range of modes of reproduction. Some nematodes, such as "Heterorhabditis" spp., undergo a process called "endotokia matricida": intrauterine birth causing maternal death. Some nematodes are hermaphroditic, and keep their self-fertilized eggs inside the uterus until they hatch. The juvenile nematodes will then ingest the parent nematode. This process is significantly promoted in environments with a low food supply.
The nematode model species "Caenorhabditis elegans" and "C. briggsae" exhibit androdioecy, which is very rare among animals. The single genus "Meloidogyne" (root-knot nematodes) exhibit a range of reproductive modes, including sexual reproduction, facultative sexuality (in which most, but not all, generations reproduce asexually), and both meiotic and mitotic parthenogenesis.
The genus "Mesorhabditis" exhibits an unusual form of parthenogenesis, in which sperm-producing males copulate with females, but the sperm do not fuse with the ovum. Contact with the sperm is essential for the ovum to begin dividing, but because there is no fusion of the cells, the male contributes no genetic material to the offspring, which are essentially clones of the female.
Free-living species.
In free-living species, development usually consists of four molts of the cuticle during growth. Different species feed on materials as varied as algae, fungi, small animals, fecal matter, dead organisms and living tissues. Free-living marine nematodes are important and abundant members of the meiobenthos. They play an important role in the decomposition process, aid in recycling of nutrients in marine environments, and are sensitive to changes in the environment caused by pollution. One roundworm of note, "Caenorhabditis elegans", lives in the soil and has found much use as a model organism. "C. elegans" has had its entire genome sequenced, as well as the developmental fate of every cell determined, and every neuron mapped.
Parasitic species.
Nematodes commonly parasitic on humans include ascarids ("Ascaris"), filarias, hookworms, pinworms ("Enterobius") and whipworms ("Trichuris trichiura"). The species "Trichinella spiralis", commonly known as the 'trichina worm', occurs in rats, pigs, and humans, and is responsible for the disease trichinosis. "Baylisascaris" usually infests wild animals, but can be deadly to humans, as well. "Dirofilaria immitis" are known for causing heartworm disease by inhabiting the hearts, arteries, and lungs of dogs and some cats. "Haemonchus contortus" is one of the most abundant infectious agents in sheep around the world, causing great economic damage to sheep. In contrast, entomopathogenic nematodes parasitize insects and are considered by humans to be beneficial.
One form of nematode is entirely dependent upon fig wasps, which are the sole source of fig fertilization. They prey upon the wasps, riding them from the ripe fig of the wasp's birth to the fig flower of its death, where they kill the wasp, and their offspring await the birth of the next generation of wasps as the fig ripens.
A newly discovered parasitic tetradonematid nematode, "Myrmeconema neotropicum", apparently induces fruit mimicry in the tropical ant "Cephalotes atratus". Infected ants develop bright red gasters (abdomens), tend to be more sluggish, and walk with their gasters in a conspicuous elevated position. These changes likely cause frugivorous birds to confuse the infected ants for berries, and eat them. Parasite eggs passed in the bird's feces are subsequently collected by foraging "Cephalotes atratus" and are fed to their larvae, thus completing the life cycle of "M. neotropicum".
Plant-parasitic nematodes include several groups causing severe crop losses. The most common genera are "Aphelenchoides" (foliar nematodes), "Ditylenchus", "Globodera" (potato cyst nematodes), "Heterodera" (soybean cyst nematodes), "Longidorus", "Meloidogyne" (root-knot nematodes), "Nacobbus", "Pratylenchus" (lesion nematodes), "Trichodorus" and "Xiphinema" (dagger nematodes). Several phytoparasitic nematode species cause histological damages to roots, including the formation of visible galls (e.g. by root-knot nematodes), which are useful characters for their diagnostic in the field. Some nematode species transmit plant viruses through their feeding activity on roots. One of them is "Xiphinema index", vector of grapevine fanleaf virus), an important disease of grapes, another one is "Xiphinema diversicaudatum", vector of arabis mosaic virus".
Other nematodes attack bark and forest trees. The most important representative of this group is "Bursaphelenchus xylophilus", the pine wood nematode, present in Asia and America and recently discovered in Europe.
Agriculture and horticulture.
Depending on the species, a nematode may be beneficial or detrimental to plant health. From agricultural and horticulture perspectives, the two categories of nematodes are the predatory ones, which will kill garden pests like cutworms and corn earworm moths, and the pest nematodes, like the root-knot nematode, which attack plants, and those that act as vectors spreading plant viruses between crop plants. Predatory nematodes can be bred by soaking a specific recipe of leaves and other detritus in water, in a dark, cool place, and can even be purchased as an organic form of pest control.
Rotations of plants with nematode-resistant species or varieties is one means of managing parasitic nematode infestations. For example, marigolds, grown over one or more seasons (the effect is cumulative), can be used to control nematodes. Another is treatment with natural antagonists such as the fungus "Gliocladium roseum". Chitosan, a natural biocontrol, elicits plant defense responses to destroy parasitic cyst nematodes on roots of soybean, corn, sugar beet, potato and tomato crops without harming beneficial nematodes in the soil. Furthermore, soil steaming is an efficient method to kill nematodes before planting the crop, but indiscriminately eliminates both harmful and beneficial ones.
The Golden Nematode is a particularly harmful variety of nematode pest that has resulted in quaratines and crop failures worldwide. (see Globodera rostochiensis)
CSIRO has found a 13- to 14-fold reduction of nematode population densities in plots having Indian mustard ("Brassica juncea") green manure or seed meal in the soil.
Hundreds of "Caenorhabditis elegans" were featured in a research project on NASA's STS-107 space mission, and were the only known living organisms to have survived the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster.
Epidemiology.
A number of intestinal nematodes cause diseases affecting human beings, including ascariasis, trichuriasis and hookworm disease. Filarial nematodes cause filariasis.
Soil ecosystems.
90 percent of nematodes reside in the top 15 cm of soil. Nematodes do not decompose organic matter, but, instead, are parasitic and free-living organisms that feed on living material. Nematodes can effectively regulate bacterial population and community composition - they may eat up to 5,000 bacteria per minute. Also, Nematodes can play an important role in the Nitrogen cycle by way of nitrogen mineralization.

</doc>
<doc id="19827813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827813" title="The Finally LP">
The Finally LP

The Finally LP is a compilation album by Mark Kozelek. The CD was released on December 9, 2008 via Caldo Verde Records. From the press release:
The compilation includes a country-tinged version of "Lazy" by Low, "Bedtime Lullaby," which first appeared in an animated featurette on an episode of the children's show "Yo Gabba Gabba!" (season 1/episode 5), and an acoustic version of Stephen Sondheim's "Send in the Clowns" recorded for the Minneapolis Bridge Disaster benefit CD. The album also includes radio show rarities, a previously unreleased version of Hüsker Dü's "Celebrated Summer" and two previously unreleased instrumentals, "The Piano Song" and "Gaping Mouth."
"The Finally LP" was released on 12" vinyl in October 2009, and features two exclusive bonus tracks: a cover of "Indian Summer" (originally by The Doors) and a live version of "Send in the Clowns."

</doc>
<doc id="19827873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827873" title="János Fliszár">
János Fliszár

János Fliszár (Slovene: "Janoš Flisar") (June 21, 1856 – June 21, 1947) was a Hungarian Slovenian translator, poet, writer, journalist and teacher.
He was born in the village of Šalamenci (Salamon before 1919) in the Prekmurje region of the Kingdom of Hungary, his parents Miklós Fliszár and Ilona Zsibrik. From 1862 studied in the elementary school of Puconci, and later in Nemescsó near Kőszeg. Until 1868 studied in the Evangelic Lyceum of Sopron,completing the studies there in June 1875. From October of the same year he worked as teacher in Križevci. Here he married to daughter of the writer János Berke in 1878 (she died in 1905).
In 1911 he retired and worked in Murska Sobota on the "Bank of the Mura March". Until 1923 he worked as the director of the Dormitory of Murska Sobota.
Fliszár wrote some poetry and translated the great Hungarian literary figures (János Arany, Kálmán Mikszáth, Sándor Petőfi, Mór Jókai, etc.). The translation was published in the United States of America, in the newspaper "Amerikanszki Szlovencov glász", issued by the Hungarian Slovenian and Prekmurian immigrants to the USA:
After the World War I, Fliszár lived in Yugoslavia, and supported radical Hungarian irredentism. He wrote the "Wends-Hungarian and Hungarian-Wends Dictionary," what includes 50 thousand words.

</doc>
<doc id="19827883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827883" title="7 Songs Belfast">
7 Songs Belfast

7 Songs Belfast is a live EP by Mark Kozelek. The limited edition CD was made available in July 2008, as a free gift with any order of a CD, t-shirt or vinyl record purchased via Caldo Verde Records' website. Starting from September 1, 2008, the EP was made available as a digital download. Tracks 1-6 were recorded live at the Blackbox in Belfast on November 4, 2007, and track 7 was recorded live at the Dancehouse Theatre in Manchester on October 30, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19827908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827908" title="Ephraim Zox">
Ephraim Zox

Ephraim Laman (Lamen) Zox (22 October 1837 – 23 October 1899) was an Australian financier and politician.
Zox was born in Liverpool, England, son of Eliazer Laman Zox (d.1882), proprietor of a large cap-making business. He arrived in Melbourne in December 1852 and worked as an assistant to his cousin Lewis Myer Myers in a softgoods firm. From 1863 he partnered Myers in a warehouse business and for about five years from 1866 his brother Joseph joined him in Melbourne. On 15 May 1879 his partnership with Myers was dissolved and next year he set up on his own as 'financial agent and arbitrator', Collins Street West.
Zox represented the Legislative Assembly seat of East Melbourne from 1877 until 1899. A conservative, he opposed payment of members and protection amid the bitter party strife which accompanied Sir Graham Berry's second government, and such measures as income tax and female suffrage in the 1890s. A supporter of the coalitions of the 1880s and of Sir James Patterson's ministry, he was more consistent and predictable than many of his contemporaries. Good natured, genial and popular, he spoke in parliament in a typically bantering style, and his puns were a byword, but he was less at ease on serious subjects. He was a 'useful and painstaking' chairman of the royal commissions on asylums for the insane and inebriate (reported 1884-86), on banking laws (1887) and on charitable institutions (1890, 1891, 1895); he was also a member of the commissions on the working of the Friendly Societies Statute (1875–77) and the tariff (1881–83).
Zox was president of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation in 1883-85, treasurer of the Melbourne Hebrew School in 1883 and president of the Melbourne Jewish Club in 1885. In 1890 he chaired a meeting of the Melbourne branch of the Anglo-Jewish Association of London which protested against Jewish persecution in Russia. He was vice-president of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society from 1885 and chairman in 1898-99, a director of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia and a board member of several hospitals. Prominent in the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, he was a justice of the peace from May 1874.
Zox suffered financial reverses in the early 1890s, but was still known for his earnest devotion to charitable movements and for his ready assistance to 'forlorn wayfarers'. He was a keen student of Shakespeare and stories were told of his remarkable aptitude for arithmetic.
Aged 62, he died in a private hospital at St Kilda of pneumonia brought on by influenza. He was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery. His estate, valued for probate at £4400, was left to his two brothers and two sisters in London and a sister in Cape Town, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19827911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827911" title="Hato no kyojitsu">
Hato no kyojitsu

History.
The program began broadcasting on 28 August 1953 in black and white then colour introduced to the country on 10 September 1960. The video was discontinued on 1 October 2001, but a new version of the video was aired regularly from 1 April 2008 as a part of the station's 55th anniversary celebrations.
Synopsis.
The video is accompanied by a custom-made orchestra piece (composed by Shirō Fukai), and features three doves, each representing the three televisions networks in Japan at the time (NHK, Nippon Television, and TBS). The doves begin to fly off one by one, and eventually, only one dove remains: the one representing Nippon Television.
Although in later years, more national television networks began broadcasting, no new doves were added to represent these new networks.
The video is then followed by standard station identification.
Cancellation and Reairing.
Due to reasons unknown, the program was pulled from the air on 1 October 2001, and was replaced by a simple station identification program. However, the voice for the resumption of this program was strong, and on 1 April 2008, a new, CGI version of the program was produced, as a part of the station's 55th Anniversary celebrations.
Just before midnight on July 24 2011, the date of Japanese analog television switchoff in most regions, the original (colour) version was broadcast on NTV's analog signal in Tokyo, with the addition of "58年間ありがとうございました" (Thank you for 58 years) to the NTV logo screen. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZX95pp3EWw] This was not broadcast on other NHK stations, which switched off with the analog television warning screens.

</doc>
<doc id="19827913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827913" title="Nobuo Ikeda">
Nobuo Ikeda


</doc>
<doc id="19827915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827915" title="The Deighton Family">
The Deighton Family

The Deighton Family is a folk ensemble from Yorkshire, England. The group is led by husband and wife Dave and Josie Deighton, and the five other members are their children, Maya, Arthur, Kathleen, Rosalie and Angelina.
The Deighton Family's first album was released in 1987. Their second album, "Acoustic Music to Suit Most Occasions", was named Record of the Year by NPR in the USA in 1989. A third full-length album was released in 1991. Kathleen Deighton-Cousins died from cancer on 24 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19827926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827926" title="Jalan Kota Bahagia-Melati">
Jalan Kota Bahagia-Melati

Jalan Kota Bahagia-Melati, Federal route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia. It is a main route to Bandar Muadzam Shah via Tun Razak Highway.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 2489 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19827936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827936" title="TSV Vestenbergsgreuth">
TSV Vestenbergsgreuth

The TSV Vestenbergsgreuth is a German association football club from the village of Vestenbergsgreuth, Bavaria. From 1996 to 2007, the club did not field a team due to a merger with "SpVgg Fürth", but has since returned to competitive football as a separate side.
"TSV" is best known for its 1–0 victory over FC Bayern Munich in the opening round of the 1994–95 DFB-Pokal, which eliminated that club from Cup play just three months after they had claimed the Bundesliga title.
History.
Beginnings.
Formed on 1 February 1974 in the small village of Vestenbergsgreuth, the club entered the local C-Klasse Bamberg Gruppe 3 (VIII), then the lowest division in the region. "Greuth" was an immediate success in the league, winning it unbeaten and earning the right to play against FC Wacker Trailsdorf for promotion, a game which was won 2–1 in front of 2,000 spectators.
Rise.
The season after, the club took out the league championship again, now in the B-Klasse Bamberg Gruppe 3 (VII) and was promoted once more. However, it did suffer a couple of first league defeats. At the beginning of the next season, the club opened its current ground on 1 August 1976 with a friendly against SpVgg Fürth, which ended in a 1–1 draw. 
In the A-Klasse Erlangen-Forchheim (VI) in 1976–77, the clubs rise came to a brief halt when it "only" finished fourth. By leaving the Bamberg region for Erlangen, the club had also made the transition from the "Oberfranken FA" to the "Mittelfranken FA". The season after, it missed out on the title by one point, finishing second. In its third attempt, "Greuth" then won the league in 1978–79 and earned promotion to the Bezirksliga Mittelfranken-Nord (V). In an unusual friendly, the club played a football match against the ice hockey team of CSKA Moscow and lost 1–2.
The Bezirksliga proved to be less of a hindrance to the clubs rise than the A-Klasse was and it won the league in its first season there. It also remained unbeaten during the regular season but then lost the first promotion decider to TuS Feuchtwangen 1–2, in front of 4,000 spectators. In the second decider however, now against TSV Lindberg, the club managed to win 4–2 and earn promotion to the Landesliga Bayern-Mitte (IV).
Landesliga years.
The "Landesliga" proved more difficult then the "Bezirksliga" and the club ended up on ninth rank in midfield, on level points, a new situation for the team. The following season saw a decline in performance and the team could only finish twelfth but the formation of a youth team was a positive development for the club. "Greuth" started to become a fixture in the mid- to lower-table ranks of the Landesliga, even having to survive a relegation match against ASV Herzogenaurach (5–3 after penalties for TSV) in 1984, until in 1984–85, some progress could be made with a fourth spot. The next season, the team improved by a spot and also won the local Middle Franconian Cup (German: "Mittelfranken Pokal") with a 1–0 victory over 1. FC Nuremberg II. It missed out on qualifying for the German Cup when losing 1–3 to FC Augsburg on state level.
The 1986–87 season became the highlight of the clubs history so far. Winning the Landesliga championship and therefore earning promotion to the Amateur Oberliga Bayern (III), the highest league in the state of Bavaria, the team managed to win all 17 of its home games. "Greuth" also won the Mittelfranken Cup again, through a 2–1 victory in extra time against Südwest Nürnberg. This time, on state level, it succeeded, too, beating FC Bayern Hof 2–0 and earning the right to play in the 1987–88 DFB-Pokal.
Bayernliga years.
The clubs first appearance in the German Cup was a short one, a 0–4 defeat against SV Darmstadt 98 of the 2nd Bundesliga ended its progress. In the Bayernliga, Vestenbergsgreuth continued its amazing performance, taking the league by surprise. The clubs unbeaten series at home came to an end on 12 December 1987 when a 0–1 defeat to SpVgg Unterhaching ended 26 month of being unbeaten at home. Unterhaching was also the team, that "Greuth" came second to in its first year in the third division. Through this, the club qualified for the German amateur football championship, where it reached the semi-finals before being knocked out by the VfB Oldenburg.
In its second year in the league, the team came third but managed to take out the Mittelfranken Cup for a third time, with a 1–0 after extra time over the Spvgg Fürth. The team however failed to reach the German Cup again, being knocked out by the SpVgg Plattling in the state finals. With a fourth place in the Bayernliga and a lost Mittelfranken Cup final, to Fürth, the next season was a little less successful. In 1990–91, the team dropped to a tenth place and again lost the cup final to Fürth.
The 1991–92 season became something of a repeat of 1987–88. Again, the club finished runners-up to SpVgg Unterhaching and again it played in the German amateur championship. Two wins, a draw and a loss meant, the team failed to reach the final. On the positive side, the clubs under-19 side archived promotion to the "A-Jugend Bayernliga Nord", the highest league at this level, where it was able to measure itself on the youth side of the 1. FC Nuremberg. The year after, the club finished fourth in the league again, which was important because the 1992, 1993 and 1994 placings were what counted to qualify for the new Regionalliga Süd, which was to start in 1994.
In its last Bayernliga year to-date, the club finished only eighth but it proved to be enough to gain one of the six available spots to the Regionalliga for 1994–95. Another Cup win, 6–2 against the SpVgg Ansbach, followed by a win over Schwaben Cup winner SC Altenmünster, meant qualification to the 1994–95 DFB-Pokal.
Regionalliga years.
The Cup game.
On 14 August 1994, in the first round of the German Cup, the club shot to fame: Beating the German champions FC Bayern Munich 1–0 in the Frankenstadion in Nuremberg, the goal having been scored by Wolfgang Hüttner. It was Bayern's first competitive match under new manager Giovanni Trapattoni and one of the greatest upsets in German Cup history. Bayern had to "live with the humiliation", as Lothar Matthäus put it and, apart from making front page in Germany and Italy, like in the Gazzetta dello Sport, even a memorial stone was erected! For Bayern, it wasn't the first lapse either, the club had already lost to the amateurs of FV Weinheim in 1990 and in later years lost to 1. FC Magdeburg, too. Rumor has it that, when FSV Erlangen-Bruck shortly after knocked out "Greuth" from the Mittelfranken Cup, Uli Hoeneß send a telegram to the Erlangen club, congratulating them.
"Greuth" marched on to the second round, beating FC Homburg there and finally lost to VfL Wolfsburg in the third round in a penalty shoot out. 
As a footnote, the club came fifth in the new "Regionalliga".
Last season.
The 1995–96 season was the last for the club in competitive football, for the time, finishing in a respectable sixth place. From there, the club went into a merger with the SpVgg Fürth, which had been decided upon in 1995 for financial reasons, to form SpVgg Greuther Fürth, the "Greuther" in the new name reflecting the TSV Vestenbergsgreuth heritage. The new logo included the wooden shoe from the Vestenbergsgreuth logo to also indicate that the new club was more than just a continuation of Fürth. The new club managed to finish second in the Regionalliga and earn promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga.
Revival.
In 2007, the club decided to field a senior side again. Doing so, the club had to enter the lowest local league, which was now the A-Klasse Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund-Gruppe 3 (X). It won, in club tradition, a championship and promotion in its first season. In this league, it met another Bavarian club who had seen better days, the ASV Herzogenaurach.
Since 2008 the club has played in the Kreisklasse Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund 2, now the eighth tier of the Bavarian football league system.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Managers.
Former managers of the club until 1996:
Chairmen.
The club had only two chairmen up until the merger in 1996:
Nicknames.
While "Greuth" is an abbreviation Vestenbergsgreuth and quite easy to understand in its origins, the second nickname needs some explanation. "Teekicker" (English: "Tea kicker") derives from the fact that the club was financially strongly supported by a local tea retailing company, run by Hans Wedel, a founding member of the club. For a while, the company sold a special "1–0 Tea" after the cup victory.
Support.
Considering the small size of the village of Vestenbergsgreuth (population: 1,627), the club was well supported with the following league attendance averages in its final seasons:
TSV Vestenbergsgreuth seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
DFB-Pokal appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup a number of times:

</doc>
<doc id="19827957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827957" title="2009 Torneo Descentralizado">
2009 Torneo Descentralizado

The 2009 Torneo Descentralizado de Fútbol Profesional (known as the Copa Cable Mágico for sponsorship reasons) was the 93rd season of Peruvian football. A total of 16 teams competed in the tournament. The season began on February 14 and concluded on December 13 with the victory of Universitario de Deportes over Alianza Lima in the second leg of the final Play-off, giving Universitario its twenty-fifth Peruvian title.
Competitions modus.
The season was divided into 3 stages. In the first stage the 16 teams played a round-robin home-and-away round for a total of 30 matches each. In the second stage the 16 teams were divided into 2 groups. The 8 teams that ranked an odd number played in the group Liguilla A and the 8 teams that ranked an even number played in Liguilla B. Each team carried on their records from the first stage. Each group played another round-robin home-and-away round for 14 matches played by each team. The teams ranked first in each group at the end of the 14 matches advanced to the third stage. The two teams with the worst least points at the end of the second stage were relegated. In the third stage the championship was contested in a two-legged Play-off. The Play-off finalists qualified for the Copa Libertadores. The remaining international competition berths were determined by the season aggregate table.
Changes from 2008.
Promotion and relegation.
Atlético Minero and Sport Boys finished the 2008 season in 13th and 14th place, respectively, in the aggregate table and thus were relegated to the Segunda División. They were replaced by the champion and runner-up teams of the 2008 Segunda División, Total Clean and Inti Gas and champion and runner-up teams of the 2008 Copa Perú, Sport Huancayo and Colegio Nacional Iquitos
Teams.
A total of 16 teams competed in this season. The only teams to have ownership over their home ground is Alianza Lima and Universitario. The other 14 clubs rent their home grounds from the Instituto Peruano del Deporte or their local municipality.
Second stage.
The Second Stage began September 13. The winner of each "Liguilla" qualified for the 2010 Copa Libertadores group stage and advanced to the third stage of the Torneo Descentralizado.
Third stage.
The Third Stage was the finals (also known as the Play-off) of the 2009 season between the winners of each group of the Second Stage. They were played on December 8 and 13. The group winner with the most points on the aggregate table chose the home ground order.
Aggregate table.
The aggregate table determined the third Peruvian berth for the 2010 Copa Libertadores, the three berths for the 2010 Copa Sudamericana, and the relegation to the Segunda División. The aggregate table consists of the points earned in the First and Second stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19827958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827958" title="Aasha Davis">
Aasha Davis

Aasha Davis is an American actress best known for her roles as Waverly Grady on Friday Night Lights and Chelsea Lewis on South of Nowhere. She has also appeared in Gilmore Girls, Grey's Anatomy, House, ER, Castle, and The Shield. Davis was featured in Gnarls Barkley's music video for "Who's Gonna Save My Soul" in mid 2008. In 2012, she guest-starred in the second season of the Jane Espenson-scripted romantic comedy web series "Husbands". Most recently, Aasha is producing and starring in a web series featured on YouTube called "The Unwritten Rules", which is based on series creator Kim Williams's book 40 Hours and an Unwritten Rule: The Diary of an African-American Woman.
Her latest movie role was opposite Adepero Oduye in Pariah.
Personal life.
Davis's older sister, Lesley Herring, disappeared in Los Angeles on February 8, 2009, after a fight with her husband, Lyle Stanford Herring, Sr. Davis reported her sister as missing when she failed to show up to work, her husband having neglected to do so. Lyle Herring was charged with his wife's murder and in April 2010 pleaded not guilty. On April 8, 2013, he was convicted of the second-degree murder of his wife. To date, her body has not been found. A 2011 episode of "Nancy Grace" and a June 7, 2013, episode of Dateline NBC covered Davis's sister's case.

</doc>
<doc id="19827973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827973" title="Oniriad">
Oniriad

Oniriad is the third album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2003 and was recorded at their own studio "The Post Street Studio" in Poland. The album was self-produced and it took them nearly two years to prepare all the new material. The main reason why it took so long was that the band had been building their own studio. Five months work in "The Post Street Studio" has brought 42 minutes of music and nine compositions. The band had personnel issues too. By the time "Oniriad" was prepared to be released, Kowalski had left band and started his own project called Eclipse. Chudzicki known as Mastiphal musician, joined the group. Katarzyna Banaszak left Darzamat and had gone to USA. She had been replaced by Karolina Widera after she left.

</doc>
<doc id="19827987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827987" title="Gregynog Press">
Gregynog Press

The Gregynog Press, also known as Gwasg Gregynog, is a printing press and charity in Wales. 
Early years.
Founded in 1922 by the sisters and art patrons Margaret and Gwendoline Davies, the press was named after their mansion Gregynog Hall. It rose to prominence in the pre-war era as among the more important private presses, publishing limited edition books, primarily on a Victoria platen press. Much of the printing work from 1927 to 1936 was carried out by the skilled printer Herbert John Hodgson, who had previously worked on the 1926 edition of the T.E. Lawrence's "Seven Pillars of Wisdom".
Reincarnation as Gwasg Gregynog.
In 1954 after the death of Gwendoline Davies, Margaret donated most of the machinery used by Gregynog Press to the National Library of Wales. The press was reopened under the Welsh title "Gwasg Gregynog" by the University of Wales in 1978, and production resumed. While the National Library permanently loaned the Press its original Victoria platen press in 1980, since 1986 it has primarily printed with a Heidelberg Cylinder Press. Typesetting of the smallest pieces is done by hand, but otherwise manuscripts are typeset with the use of a Monotype machine.
In 2002, Gwasg Gregynog became a company limited by guarantee, charity no. 1090060, intended to benefit and educate the public. It offers lectures related to the press and printing techniques, as well as offering tours of press facilities, which are dedicated to maintaining traditional printing methods.
The press has been involved in several historic events in Wales in connection with the National Assembly. When the Assembly opened in Wales, the press produced its first documents, including a small hand-bound souvenir volume that served as the Assembly's first publication. Later, in 2006, it bound a poem commissioned to mark the opening of the Senedd, the Assembly's permanent home, and written in calligraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="19827989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19827989" title="List of communities in New Hampshire by population">
List of communities in New Hampshire by population

These are the 234 incorporated cities and towns in the New Hampshire ranked by population, from the 2010 United States Census.

</doc>
<doc id="19828023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828023" title="List of Nobel laureates affiliated with the City University of New York">
List of Nobel laureates affiliated with the City University of New York

The Nobel Prizes are awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, the Karolinska Institute, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee to individuals who make outstanding contributions in the fields of chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. They were established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which dictates that the awards should be administered by the Nobel Foundation. Another prize, the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, was established in 1968 by the Sveriges Riksbank, the central bank of Sweden, for contributors to the field of economics. Each prize is awarded by a separate committee; the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, and Economics, the Karolinska Institute awards the Prize in Physiology or Medicine, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Prize in Peace. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a cash prize that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, the winners of the first Nobel Prizes were given 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007. In 2008, the winners were awarded a prize amount of 10,000,000 SEK. The awards are presented in Stockholm in an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
As of 2008, there have been 12 Nobel laureates affiliated with the City University of New York (CUNY). CUNY considers any laureate who attended one of its senior colleges as an affiliated laureate. Arthur Kornberg, who graduated from the City College of New York, a senior college of CUNY, in 1937, was the first CUNY laureate, winning the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1959. Herbert A. Hauptman and Jerome Karle, both of whom graduated from the City College in 1937 with Kornberg, jointly won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1985, the only CUNY laureates to do so. Five CUNY laureates have won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, more than any other category. Nine of the CUNY laureates graduated from the City College, two laureates, Rosalyn Sussman Yalow and Gertrude B. Elion, graduated from Hunter College, another CUNY senior college, and one laureate, Stanley Cohen, graduated from Brooklyn College, one of CUNY's senior colleges, in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19828038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828038" title="Jalan Utama Bera">
Jalan Utama Bera

Jalan Utama Bera, Federal route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia. It is a main route to Sebertak, Kota Bahagia, Bandar Muadzam Shah and Tasik Bera.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1510 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19828040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828040" title="Anthony Morley">
Anthony Morley

Anthony Morley (born 1972) is an English former model and convicted murderer. He won the first Mr Gay UK contest in 1993. In 2008 he was imprisoned for the killing, dismemberment and partial consumption of his lover, magazine executive Damian Oldfield.
In 1996, Morley was a contestant on the television programme God's Gift; one of the audience members of that edition was Damian Oldfield. Oldfield was a contestant of another edition of the show in October 1996.
On 2 May 2008, it was announced that Morley had been arrested for the murder of Oldfield, who worked for the gay lifestyle magazine "Bent". After inviting Oldfield into his Leeds apartment, police believed that Morley killed him, removed a section of his leg and began cooking it, before he stumbled into a nearby kebab house around 2:30 in the morning, drenched in blood and asking that someone call the police. He was found guilty on 17 October 2008 and sentenced to life imprisonment for the crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19828079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828079" title="RAF Moreton-in-Marsh">
RAF Moreton-in-Marsh

RAF Moreton-in-Marsh was a Royal Air Force station near Moreton-in-Marsh, Gloucestershire. It was opened in November 1940 and closed for operational flying in early 1948. The base remained in use as a relief runway and for training. After a period of care and maintenance, the Station was handed over to the Home Office in 1955.
The town's environs are quite flat and low-lying although it is situated at the northern extremity of the Cotswold Hills range. During World War II, a large area of this flat land to the east of the town was developed as an airfield and used by Wellington Bombers. It is highly likely that the airfield inspired the title of the radio show "Much Binding in the Marsh". After all, two of its stars, Kenneth Horne and Richard Murdoch, served there as flying instructors.
Current use.
The former airfield is now home to the Fire Service College where senior fire officers from brigades all over the UK undergo operational, management and leadership training. The same complex is also now the headquarters of the Institution of Fire Engineers, the professional body for fire fighters, officers and civilians with an interest in fire engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19828103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828103" title="Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum">
Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum

The Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum is a trilingual Vietnamese-Portuguese-Latin dictionary written by the French Jesuit lexicographer Alexandre de Rhodes after 12 years in Vietnam, and published by the "Propaganda Fide" in Rome in 1651 upon Rhodes' visit to Europe.
Before Rhodes's work, traditional Vietnamese dictionaries used to show the correspondences between Chinese characters and Vietnamese Chữ Nôm script. From the 17th century, Western missionaries started to devise a romanization system to represent the Vietnamese language in order to facilitate the propagation of the Christian faith, which resulted in the "Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum" of Alexander de Rhodes. The dictionary has 8,000 Vietnamese entries with translations in Portuguese and Latin.
"Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum" was itself inspired by two earlier lost works: a Vietnamese–Portuguese dictionary by Gasparal de Amoral and a Portuguese–Vietnamese dictionary by Antoine Barbosa. The dictionary incorporates a summary on Vietnamese grammar ("Brevis Declaratio") and codification of some contemporary pronunciations.
The dictionary established Quốc ngữ, the Vietnamese alphabet, which was perfected by later missionaries and is still in general use today. Mgr Pigneau de Béhaine contributed to these improvements with his 1783 Annamite–Latin dictionary, the manuscript of which was remitted to Mgr Jean-Louis Taberd who published in 1838 his Vietnamese–Latin / Latin–Vietnamese dictionary.
In reality, however, Christian publication in Vietnam continued to use either Latin or the traditional Vietnamese Chữ Nôm rather than the simpler alphabetic Quốc ngữ for the next 200 years, and Quốc ngữ would only gain predominance with the French invasion of 1861 and the establishment of French Indochina.

</doc>
<doc id="19828134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828134" title="Plant">
Plant

Plants, also called green plants (Viridiplantae in Latin), are living multicellular organisms of the kingdom Plantae. They form a clade that includes the flowering plants, conifers and other gymnosperms, ferns, clubmosses, hornworts, liverworts and mosses, as well as, depending on definition, the green algae. Plants exclude the red and brown algae, and some seaweeds such as kelp, the fungi, archaea and bacteria.
Green plants have cell walls with cellulose and characteristically obtain most of their energy from sunlight via photosynthesis using chlorophyll contained in chloroplasts, which gives them their green color. Some plants are parasitic and have lost the ability to produce normal amounts of chlorophyll or to photosynthesize. Plants are also characterized by sexual reproduction, modular and indeterminate growth, and an alternation of generations, although asexual reproduction is common.
Precise numbers are difficult to determine, but , there are thought to be 300–315 thousand species of plants, of which the great majority, some 260–290 thousand, are seed plants (see the table below). Green plants provide most of the world's molecular oxygen and are the basis of most of the earth's ecologies, especially on land. Plants described as grains, fruits and vegetables form mankind's basic foodstuffs, and have been domesticated for millennia. Plants serve as ornaments and, until recently and in great variety, they have served as the source of most medicines and drugs. Their scientific study is known as botany, a branch of biology.
Definition.
Plants are one of the two groups into which all living things were traditionally divided; the other is animals. The division goes back at least as far as Aristotle (384 BC – 322 BC) who distinguished between plants which generally do not move, and animals which often are mobile to catch their food. Much later, when Linnaeus (1707–1778) created the basis of the modern system of scientific classification, these two groups became the kingdoms Vegetabilia (later Metaphyta or Plantae) and Animalia (also called Metazoa). Since then, it has become clear that the plant kingdom as originally defined included several unrelated groups, and the fungi and several groups of algae were removed to new kingdoms. However, these organisms are still often considered plants, particularly in popular contexts.
Outside of formal scientific contexts, the term "plant" implies an association with certain traits, such as being multicellular, possessing cellulose, and having the ability to carry out photosynthesis.
Current definitions of Plantae.
When the name Plantae or plant is applied to a specific group of organisms or taxon, it usually refers to one of four concepts. From least to most inclusive, these four groupings are:
Another way of looking at the relationships between the different groups which have been called "plants" is through a cladogram, which shows their evolutionary relationships. The evolutionary history of plants is not yet completely settled, but one accepted relationship between the three groups described above is shown below. Those which have been called "plants" are in bold.
The way in which the groups of green algae are combined and named varies considerably between authors.
Algae.
Algae comprise several different groups of organisms which produce energy through photosynthesis and for that reason have been included in the plant kingdom in the past. Most conspicuous among the algae are the seaweeds, multicellular algae that may roughly resemble land plants, but are classified among the brown, red and green algae. Each of these algal groups also includes various microscopic and single-celled organisms. There is good evidence that some of these algal groups arose independently from separate non-photosynthetic ancestors, with the result that many groups of algae are no longer classified within the plant kingdom as it is defined here.
The Viridiplantae, the green plants – green algae and land plants – form a clade, a group consisting of all the descendants of a common ancestor. With a few exceptions among the green algae, all green plants have many features in common, including cell walls containing cellulose, chloroplasts containing chlorophylls "a" and "b", and food stores in the form of starch. They undergo closed mitosis without centrioles, and typically have mitochondria with flat cristae. The chloroplasts of green plants are surrounded by two membranes, suggesting they originated directly from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria.
Two additional groups, the Rhodophyta (red algae) and Glaucophyta (glaucophyte algae), also have chloroplasts which appear to be derived directly from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria, although they differ in the pigments which are used in photosynthesis and so are different in colour. All three groups together are generally believed to have a single common origin, and so are classified together in the taxon Archaeplastida, whose name implies that the chloroplasts or plastids of all the members of the taxon were derived from a single ancient endosymbiotic event. This is the broadest modern definition of the plants.
In contrast, most other algae (e.g. heterokonts, haptophytes, dinoflagellates, and euglenids) not only have different pigments but also have chloroplasts with three or four surrounding membranes. They are not close relatives of the Archaeplastida, presumably having acquired chloroplasts separately from ingested or symbiotic green and red algae. They are thus not included in even the broadest modern definition of the plant kingdom, although they were in the past.
The green plants or Viridiplantae were traditionally divided into the green algae (including the stoneworts) and the land plants. However, it is now known that the land plants evolved from within a group of green algae, so that the green algae by themselves are a paraphyletic group, i.e. a group which excludes some of the descendants of a common ancestor. Paraphyletic groups are generally avoided in modern classifications, so that in recent treatments the Viridiplantae have been divided into two clades, the Chlorophyta and the Streptophyta (or Charophyta).
The Chlorophyta (a name that has also been used for "all" green algae) are the sister group to the group from which the land plants evolved. There are about 4,300 species of mainly marine organisms, both unicellular and multicellular. The latter include the sea lettuce, "Ulva".
The other group within the Viridiplantae are the mainly freshwater or terrestrial Streptophyta (or Charophyta), which consist of several groups of green algae plus the stoneworts and land plants. (The names have been used differently, e.g. Streptophyta to mean the group which excludes the land plants and Charophyta for the stoneworts alone or the stoneworts plus the land plants.) Streptophyte algae are either unicellular or form multicellular filaments, branched or unbranched. The genus "Spirogyra" is a filamentous streptophyte alga familiar to many, as it is often used in teaching and is one of the organisms responsible for the algal "scum" which pond-owners so dislike. The freshwater stoneworts strongly resemble land plants and are believed to be their closest relatives. Growing underwater, they consist of a central stalk with whorls of branchlets, giving them a superficial resemblance to horsetails, species of the genus "Equisetum", which are true land plants.
Fungi.
The classification of fungi has been controversial until quite recently in the history of biology. Linnaeus' original classification placed the fungi within the Plantae, since they were unquestionably not animals or minerals and these were the only other alternatives. With later developments in microbiology, in the 19th century Ernst Haeckel felt that another kingdom was required to classify newly discovered micro-organisms. The introduction of the new kingdom Protista in addition to Plantae and Animalia, led to uncertainty as to whether fungi truly were best placed in the Plantae or whether they ought to be reclassified as protists. Haeckel himself found it difficult to decide and it was not until 1969 that a solution was found whereby Robert Whittaker proposed the creation of the kingdom Fungi. Molecular evidence has since shown that the most recent common ancestor (concestor), of the Fungi was probably more similar to that of the Animalia than to that of Plantae or any other kingdom.
Whittaker's original reclassification was based on the fundamental difference in nutrition between the Fungi and the Plantae. Unlike plants, which generally gain carbon through photosynthesis, and so are called autotrophs, fungi generally obtain carbon by breaking down and absorbing surrounding materials, and so are called heterotrophic saprotrophs. In addition, the substructure of multicellular fungi is different from that of plants, taking the form of many chitinous microscopic strands called hyphae, which may be further subdivided into cells or may form a syncytium containing many eukaryotic nuclei. Fruiting bodies, of which mushrooms are the most familiar example, are the reproductive structures of fungi, and are unlike any structures produced by plants.
Diversity.
The table below shows some species count estimates of different green plant (Viridiplantae) divisions. It suggests there are about 300,000 species of living Viridiplantae, of which 85–90% are flowering plants. (Note: as these are from different sources and different dates, they are not necessarily comparable, and like all species counts, are subject to a degree of uncertainty in some cases.)
The naming of plants is governed by the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature and International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (see cultivated plant taxonomy).
Evolution.
The evolution of plants has resulted in increasing levels of complexity, from the earliest algal mats, through bryophytes, lycopods, ferns to the complex gymnosperms and angiosperms of today. The groups which appeared earlier continue to thrive, especially in the environments in which they evolved.
Evidence suggests that an algal scum formed on the land , but it was not until the Ordovician Period, around , that land plants appeared. However, new evidence from the study of carbon isotope ratios in Precambrian rocks has suggested that complex photosynthetic plants developed on the earth over 1000 m.y.a. These began to diversify in the late Silurian Period, around , and the fruits of their diversification are displayed in remarkable detail in an early Devonian fossil assemblage from the Rhynie chert. This chert preserved early plants in cellular detail, petrified in volcanic springs. By the middle of the Devonian Period most of the features recognised in plants today are present, including roots, leaves and secondary wood, and by late Devonian times seeds had evolved. Late Devonian plants had thereby reached a degree of sophistication that allowed them to form forests of tall trees. Evolutionary innovation continued after the Devonian period. Most plant groups were relatively unscathed by the Permo-Triassic extinction event, although the structures of communities changed. This may have set the scene for the evolution of flowering plants in the Triassic (~), which exploded in the Cretaceous and Tertiary. The latest major group of plants to evolve were the grasses, which became important in the mid Tertiary, from around . The grasses, as well as many other groups, evolved new mechanisms of metabolism to survive the low and warm, dry conditions of the tropics over the last .
A proposed phylogenetic tree of Plantae, after Kenrick and Crane, is as follows, with modification to the Pteridophyta from Smith "et al." The Prasinophyceae are a paraphyletic assemblage of early diverging green algal lineages.
Embryophytes.
The plants that are likely most familiar to us are the multicellular land plants, called embryophytes. Embryophytes include the vascular plants, such as ferns, conifers and flowering plants. They also include the "bryophytes", of which mosses and liverworts are the most common.
All of these plants have eukaryotic cells with cell walls composed of cellulose, and most obtain their energy through photosynthesis, using light, water and carbon dioxide to synthesize food. About three hundred plant species do not photosynthesize but are parasites on other species of photosynthetic plants. Plants are distinguished from green algae, which represent a mode of photosynthetic life similar to the kind modern plants are believed to have evolved from, by having specialized reproductive organs protected by non-reproductive tissues.
Bryophytes first appeared during the early Paleozoic. They can only survive where moisture is available for significant periods, although some species are desiccation-tolerant. Most species of bryophytes remain small throughout their life-cycle. This involves an alternation between two generations: a haploid stage, called the gametophyte, and a diploid stage, called the sporophyte. In bryophytes, the sporophyte is always unbranched and remains nutritionally dependent on its parent gametophyte. The bryophytes have the ability to secrete a cuticle on their outer surface, a waxy layer that confers resistant to desiccation. In the mosses and hornworts a cuticle is usually only produced on the sporophyte. Stomata are absent from liverworts, but occur on the sporangia of mosses and hornworts, allowing gas exchange while controlling water loss. 
Vascular plants first appeared during the Silurian period, and by the Devonian had diversified and spread into many different terrestrial environments. They developed a number of adaptations that allowed them to spread into increasingly more arid places, notably the vascular tissues xylem and phloem, that transport water and food throughout the organism. Root systems capable of obtaining soil water and nutrients also evolved during the Devonian. In modern vascular plants, the sporophyte is typically large, branched, nutritionally independent and long-lived, but there is increasing evidence that Paleozoic gametophytes were just as complex as the sporophytes. The gametophytes of all vascular plant groups evolved to become reduced in size and prominence in the life cycle.
The first seed plants, Pteridosperms (seed ferns), now extinct, appeared in the Devonian and diversified through the Carboniferous. In these the microgametophyte is reduced to pollen and the megagametophyte remains inside the megasporangium, attached to the parent plant. A megasporangium invested in protective layer called an integument is known as an ovule. After fertilisation by means of sperm deposited by pollen grains, an embryo develops inside the ovule. The integument becomes a seed coat, and the ovule develops into a seed. Seed plants can survive and reproduce in extremely arid conditions, because they are not dependent on free water for the movement of sperm, or the development of free living gametophytes.
Early seed plants are gymnosperms, as the ovules and subsequent seeds are not enclosed in a protective structure (carpels or fruit), but are found naked, typically on cone scales. Pollen typically lands directly on the ovule. Four surviving groups remain widespread now, particularly the conifers, which are dominant trees in several biomes.
Fossils.
Plant fossils include roots, wood, leaves, seeds, fruit, pollen, spores, phytoliths, and amber (the fossilized resin produced by some plants). Fossil land plants are recorded in terrestrial, lacustrine, fluvial and nearshore marine sediments. Pollen, spores and algae (dinoflagellates and acritarchs) are used for dating sedimentary rock sequences. The remains of fossil plants are not as common as fossil animals, although plant fossils are locally abundant in many regions worldwide.
The earliest fossils clearly assignable to Kingdom Plantae are fossil green algae from the Cambrian. These fossils resemble calcified multicellular members of the Dasycladales. Earlier Precambrian fossils are known which resemble single-cell green algae, but definitive identity with that group of algae is uncertain.
The oldest known fossils of embryophytes date from the Ordovician, though such fossils are fragmentary. By the Silurian, fossils of whole plants are preserved, including the lycophyte "Baragwanathia longifolia". From the Devonian, detailed fossils of rhyniophytes have been found. Early fossils of these ancient plants show the individual cells within the plant tissue. The Devonian period also saw the evolution of what many believe to be the first modern tree, "Archaeopteris". This fern-like tree combined a woody trunk with the fronds of a fern, but produced no seeds.
The Coal measures are a major source of Paleozoic plant fossils, with many groups of plants in existence at this time. The spoil heaps of coal mines are the best places to collect; coal itself is the remains of fossilised plants, though structural detail of the plant fossils is rarely visible in coal. In the Fossil Forest at Victoria Park in Glasgow, Scotland, the stumps of "Lepidodendron" trees are found in their original growth positions.
The fossilized remains of conifer and angiosperm roots, stems and branches may be locally abundant in lake and inshore sedimentary rocks from the Mesozoic and Cenozoic eras. Sequoia and its allies, magnolia, oak, and palms are often found.
Petrified wood is common in some parts of the world, and is most frequently found in arid or desert areas where it is more readily exposed by erosion. Petrified wood is often heavily silicified (the organic material replaced by silicon dioxide), and the impregnated tissue is often preserved in fine detail. Such specimens may be cut and polished using lapidary equipment. Fossil forests of petrified wood have been found in all continents.
Fossils of seed ferns such as "Glossopteris" are widely distributed throughout several continents of the Southern Hemisphere, a fact that gave support to Alfred Wegener's early ideas regarding Continental drift theory.
The earliest fossils attributed to green algae date from the Precambrian (ca. 1200 mya). The resistant outer walls of prasinophyte cysts (known as phycomata) are well preserved in fossil deposits of the Paleozoic (ca. 250-540 mya). A filamentous fossil (Proterocladus) from middle Neoproterozoic deposits (ca. 750 mya) has been attributed to the Cladophorales, while the oldest reliable records of the Bryopsidales, Dasycladales) and stoneworts are from the Paleozoic.
Structure, growth and development.
Most of the solid material in a plant is taken from the atmosphere. Through a process known as photosynthesis, most plants use the energy in sunlight to convert carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, plus water, into simple sugars. (Parasitic plants, on the other hand, use the resources of its host to grow.) These sugars are then used as building blocks and form the main structural component of the plant. Chlorophyll, a green-colored, magnesium-containing pigment is essential to this process; it is generally present in plant leaves, and often in other plant parts as well.
Plants usually rely on soil primarily for support and water (in quantitative terms), but also obtain compounds of nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium and other elemental nutrients. Epiphytic and lithophytic plants depend on air and nearby debris for nutrients, and carnivorous plants supplement their nutrient requirements with insect prey that they capture. For the majority of plants to grow successfully they also require oxygen in the atmosphere and around their roots (soil gas) for respiration. Plants use oxygen and glucose (which may be produced from stored starch) to provide energy. Some plants grow as submerged aquatics, using oxygen dissolved in the surrounding water, and a few specialized vascular plants, such as mangroves, can grow with their roots in anoxic conditions.
Factors affecting growth.
The genotype of a plant affects its growth. For example, selected varieties of wheat grow rapidly, maturing within 110 days, whereas others, in the same environmental conditions, grow more slowly and mature within 155 days.
Growth is also determined by environmental factors, such as temperature, available water, available light, carbon dioxide and available nutrients in the soil. Any change in the availability of these external conditions will be reflected in the plant's growth.
Biotic factors are also capable of affecting plant growth. Plants compete with other plants for space, water, light and nutrients. Plants can be so crowded that no single individual produces normal growth, causing etiolation and chlorosis. Optimal plant growth can be hampered by grazing animals, suboptimal soil composition, lack of mycorrhizal fungi, and attacks by insects or plant diseases, including those caused by bacteria, fungi, viruses, and nematodes.
Simple plants like algae may have short life spans as individuals, but their populations are commonly seasonal. Other plants may be organized according to their seasonal growth pattern: annual plants live and reproduce within one growing season, biennial plants live for two growing seasons and usually reproduce in second year, and perennial plants live for many growing seasons and continue to reproduce once they are mature. These designations often depend on climate and other environmental factors; plants that are annual in alpine or temperate regions can be biennial or perennial in warmer climates. Among the vascular plants, perennials include both evergreens that keep their leaves the entire year, and deciduous plants which lose their leaves for some part of it. In temperate and boreal climates, they generally lose their leaves during the winter; many tropical plants lose their leaves during the dry season.
The growth rate of plants is extremely variable. Some mosses grow less than 0.001 millimeters per hour (mm/h), while most trees grow 0.025-0.250 mm/h. Some climbing species, such as kudzu, which do not need to produce thick supportive tissue, may grow up to 12.5 mm/h.
Plants protect themselves from frost and dehydration stress with antifreeze proteins, heat-shock proteins and sugars (sucrose is common). LEA (Late Embryogenesis Abundant) protein expression is induced by stresses and protects other proteins from aggregation as a result of desiccation and freezing.
Plant cell.
Plant cells are typically distinguished by their large water-filled central vacuole, chloroplasts, and rigid cell walls that are made up of cellulose, hemicellulose, and pectin. Cell division is also characterized by the development of a phragmoplast for the construction of a cell plate in the late stages of cytokinesis. Just as in animals, plant cells differentiate and develop into multiple cell types. Totipotent meristematic cells can differentiate into vascular, storage, protective (e.g. epidermal layer), or reproductive tissues, with more primitive plants lacking some tissue types.
Physiology.
Photosynthesis.
Plants are photosynthetic, which means that they manufacture their own food molecules using energy obtained from light. The primary mechanism plants have for capturing light energy is the pigment chlorophyll. All green plants contain two forms of chlorophyll, chlorophyll "a" and chlorophyll "b". The latter of these pigments is not found in red or brown algae.
Immune system.
By means of cells that behave like nerves, plants receive and distribute within their systems information about incident light intensity and quality. Incident light which stimulates a chemical reaction in one leaf, will cause a chain reaction of signals to the entire plant via a type of cell termed a "bundle sheath cell". Researchers from the Warsaw University of Life Sciences in Poland, found that plants have a specific memory for varying light conditions which prepares their immune systems against seasonal pathogens. Plants use pattern-recognition receptors to recognize conserved microbial signatures. This recognition triggers an immune response. The first plant receptors of conserved microbial signatures were identified in rice (XA21, 1995) and in "Arabidopsis thaliana" (FLS2, 2000). Plants also carry immune receptors that recognize highly variable pathogen effectors. These include the NBS-LRR class of proteins.
Internal distribution.
Vascular plants differ from other plants in that nutrients are transported between their different parts through specialized structures, called xylem and phloem. They also have roots for taking up water and minerals. The xylem moves water and minerals from the root to the rest of the plant, and the phloem provides the roots with sugars and other nutrient produced by the leaves.
Ecology.
The photosynthesis conducted by land plants and algae is the ultimate source of energy and organic material in nearly all ecosystems. Photosynthesis radically changed the composition of the early Earth's atmosphere, which as a result is now 21% oxygen. Animals and most other organisms are aerobic, relying on oxygen; those that do not are confined to relatively rare anaerobic environments. Plants are the primary producers in most terrestrial ecosystems and form the basis of the food web in those ecosystems. Many animals rely on plants for shelter as well as oxygen and food.
Land plants are key components of the water cycle and several other biogeochemical cycles. Some plants have coevolved with nitrogen fixing bacteria, making plants an important part of the nitrogen cycle. Plant roots play an essential role in soil development and prevention of soil erosion.
Distribution.
Plants are distributed worldwide in varying numbers. While they inhabit a multitude of biomes and ecoregions, few can be found beyond the tundras at the northernmost regions of continental shelves. At the southern extremes, plants have adapted tenaciously to the prevailing conditions. (See Antarctic flora.)
Plants are often the dominant physical and structural component of habitats where they occur. Many of the Earth's biomes are named for the type of vegetation because plants are the dominant organisms in those biomes, such as grasslands and forests.
Ecological relationships.
Numerous animals have coevolved with plants. Many animals pollinate flowers in exchange for food in the form of pollen or nectar. Many animals disperse seeds, often by eating fruit and passing the seeds in their feces. Myrmecophytes are plants that have coevolved with ants. The plant provides a home, and sometimes food, for the ants. In exchange, the ants defend the plant from herbivores and sometimes competing plants. Ant wastes provide organic fertilizer.
The majority of plant species have various kinds of fungi associated with their root systems in a kind of mutualistic symbiosis known as mycorrhiza. The fungi help the plants gain water and mineral nutrients from the soil, while the plant gives the fungi carbohydrates manufactured in photosynthesis. Some plants serve as homes for endophytic fungi that protect the plant from herbivores by producing toxins. The fungal endophyte, "Neotyphodium coenophialum", in tall fescue ("Festuca arundinacea") does tremendous economic damage to the cattle industry in the U.S.
Various forms of parasitism are also fairly common among plants, from the semi-parasitic mistletoe that merely takes some nutrients from its host, but still has photosynthetic leaves, to the fully parasitic broomrape and toothwort that acquire all their nutrients through connections to the roots of other plants, and so have no chlorophyll. Some plants, known as myco-heterotrophs, parasitize mycorrhizal fungi, and hence act as epiparasites on other plants.
Many plants are epiphytes, meaning they grow on other plants, usually trees, without parasitizing them. Epiphytes may indirectly harm their host plant by intercepting mineral nutrients and light that the host would otherwise receive. The weight of large numbers of epiphytes may break tree limbs. Hemiepiphytes like the strangler fig begin as epiphytes but eventually set their own roots and overpower and kill their host. Many orchids, bromeliads, ferns and mosses often grow as epiphytes. Bromeliad epiphytes accumulate water in leaf axils to form phytotelmata, complex aquatic food webs.
Approximately 630 plants are carnivorous, such as the Venus Flytrap ("Dionaea muscipula") and sundew ("Drosera" species). They trap small animals and digest them to obtain mineral nutrients, especially nitrogen and phosphorus.
Importance.
The study of plant uses by people is termed economic botany or ethnobotany; some consider economic botany to focus on modern cultivated plants, while ethnobotany focuses on indigenous plants cultivated and used by native peoples. Human cultivation of plants is part of agriculture, which is the basis of human civilization. Plant agriculture is subdivided into agronomy, horticulture and forestry.
Food.
Much of human nutrition depends on plants, either directly or indirectly. Human nutrition depends to a large extent on cereals, especially maize (or corn), wheat and rice. Other staple crops include potato, cassava, and legumes. Human food also includes vegetables, spices, and certain fruits, nuts, herbs, and edible flowers. Beverages produced from plants include coffee, tea, wine, beer and alcohol. Sugar is obtained mainly from sugar cane and sugar beet, and honey comes from flowers. Cooking oils and margarine come from maize, soybean, rapeseed, safflower, sunflower, olive and others. Food additives include gum arabic, guar gum, locust bean gum, starch and pectin. Livestock animals including cows, pigs, sheep, goats and camels are all herbivores; and most feed primarily or entirely on cereal plants, particularly grasses.
Nonfood products.
Wood is used for buildings, furniture, paper, cardboard, musical instruments and sports equipment. Cloth is often made from cotton, flax, rame or synthetic fibers derived from cellulose, such as rayon and acetate. Renewable fuels from plants include firewood, peat and many other biofuels. Coal and petroleum are fossil fuels derived from plants. Medicines derived from plants include aspirin, taxol, morphine, quinine, reserpine, colchicine, digitalis and vincristine. There are hundreds of herbal supplements such as ginkgo, Echinacea, feverfew, and Saint John's wort. Pesticides derived from plants include nicotine, rotenone, strychnine and pyrethrins. Drugs obtained from plants include opium, cocaine and marijuana. Poisons from plants include ricin, hemlock and curare. Plants are the source of many natural products such as fibers, essential oils, natural dyes, pigments, waxes, tannins, latex, gums, resins, alkaloids, amber and cork. Products derived from plants include soaps, paints, shampoos, perfumes, cosmetics, turpentine, rubber, varnish, lubricants, linoleum, plastics, inks, chewing gum and hemp rope. Plants are also a primary source of basic chemicals for the industrial synthesis of a vast array of organic chemicals. These chemicals are used in a vast variety of studies and experiments.
Aesthetic uses.
Thousands of plant species are cultivated for aesthetic purposes as well as to provide shade, modify temperatures, reduce wind, abate noise, provide privacy, and prevent soil erosion. People use cut flowers, dried flowers and houseplants indoors or in greenhouses. In outdoor gardens, lawn grasses, shade trees, ornamental trees, shrubs, vines, herbaceous perennials and bedding plants are used. Images of plants are often used in art, architecture, humor, language, and photography and on textiles, money, stamps, flags and coats of arms. Living plant art forms include topiary, bonsai, ikebana and espalier. Ornamental plants have sometimes changed the course of history, as in tulipomania. Plants are the basis of a multi-billion dollar per year tourism industry which includes travel to arboretums, botanical gardens, historic gardens, national parks, tulip festivals, rainforests, forests with colorful autumn leaves and the National Cherry Blossom Festival. Venus Flytrap, sensitive plant and resurrection plant are examples of plants sold as novelties.
Scientific and cultural uses.
Tree rings are an important method of dating in archeology and serve as a record of past climates. Basic biological research has often been done with plants, such as the pea plants used to derive Gregor Mendel's laws of genetics. Space stations or space colonies may one day rely on plants for life support. Plants are used as national and state emblems, including state trees and state flowers. Ancient trees are revered and many are famous. Numerous world records are held by plants. Plants are often used as memorials, gifts and to mark special occasions such as births, deaths, weddings and holidays. Plants figure prominently in mythology, religion and literature. The field of ethnobotany studies plant use by indigenous cultures which helps to conserve endangered species as well as discover new medicinal plants. Gardening is the most popular leisure activity in the U.S. Working with plants or horticulture therapy is beneficial for rehabilitating people with disabilities. Certain plants contain psychotropic chemicals which are extracted and ingested, including tobacco, cannabis (marijuana), and opium.
Negative effects.
Weeds are uncultivated and usually unwanted plants by gardeners. People have spread plants beyond their native ranges and some of these introduced plants become invasive, damaging existing ecosystems by displacing native species. Invasive plants cause costly damage in crop losses annually by displacing crop plants, they further increase the cost of production and the use of chemicals to control them, which in turn affects the environment.
Plants may cause harm to animals, including people. Plants that produce windblown pollen invoke allergic reactions in people who suffer from hay fever. A wide variety of plants are poisonous. Toxalbumins are plant poisons fatal to most mammals and act as a serious deterrent to consumption. Several plants cause skin irritations when touched, such as poison ivy. Certain plants contain psychotropic chemicals, which are extracted and ingested or smoked, including tobacco, cannabis (marijuana), cocaine and opium. Smoking causes damage to health or even death, while some drugs may also be harmful or fatal to people. Both illegal and legal drugs derived from plants may have negative effects on the economy, affecting worker productivity and law enforcement costs. Some plants cause allergic reactions when ingested, while other plants cause food intolerances that negatively affect health.

</doc>
<doc id="19828154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828154" title="Susie Au">
Susie Au

Susie Au, is an award-winning filmmaker based in Hong Kong whose works include being a commercial director, music video director, feature film director. 
She is noted for her stunning visual styles. She innovates electrifying exotic imagery that has stormed the music video field and the karaoke pubs in the region. Her work in music videos has earned her comparisons with Western contemporaries; “Au is Hong Kong's answer to the likes of American director Spike Jonze (Being John Malkovich) and Michel Gondry (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind) from France.'
She has directed over one hundred music videos and has been a longtime collaborator with Asian pop queen Faye Wong (王菲), pop singer Anthony Wong (黃耀明), Other artists who have collaborated with Susie on more than one occasion include best album selling pop singers; Jacky Cheung (張學友), Eason Chan (陳奕迅), Joey Yung (容祖兒), Jeff Chang (張信哲), Miriam Yeung (楊千嬅), Grasshopper (草蜢), Mavis Fan (范曉萱), Ellen Loo (盧凱彤), Tam Wai Wai (譚維維), Shirely Kwan (關淑怡), Ivana Wong (王苑之), Kary Ng (吳雨霏) and more… 
Her works with Anthony Wong Yiu Ming and Faye Wong won her gold awards from the Chicago International Film Festival. She also picked up the Best MTV Award for Faye Wong’s “Half Way” (半途而廢). Mavis Fan’s “Why” (Why), Jeff Chang’s “True Love” (用情) and Jacky Cheung’s “Web of Love” (情網) were nominated for the Best Music Video of the year. 
Susie is the founder of Handmade Films and made her first TV commercial for Chow Sang Sang – Emphasis, which brought attention to the advertising industry of the powerful visuals she created; stunning with immense femme emotion. The commercial film marks her one of the hottest advertising director for cosmetic and fashion. She is also the first Chinese director to film Christian Dior’s first launch in the China market. 
Driven by creativity and passion for what she does, Susie only works on projects that she gets inspired by. She can initiates anything beyond the box. Jokingly, she always takes herself as the spiritual revolutionary in the male-dominated world of filmmaking that makes her life experience difficult but enriching! 
Susie states her ambition is to create and recreate. She enjoys filming on the set and never gets bored in the editing suite. Among all other projects, she was the concert video director and documentary director for Faye Wong’s “Merry Christmas” concert tour and Jacky Cheung’s first world tour. From then on, she created the new genre as Music Documentary! She states “they asked me to do a making-of, to film the artist’s rehearsals in studio and meeting.. I believe we can push the limit beyond the original form and content! Every artist has vision and faith in music and art and life… that’ s the mission of my camera!” 
Persistent in this belief and faith, Susie did Eason Chan’s “Moving On Stage" and “Duo” concert tour in 2007 and Faye Wong’s “Faye Reborn” in 2012. 
In 2006, Susie made her first feature debut “Ming Ming”, starring Zhou Xun (周迅), Daneil Wu (吳彥祖) and Tony Yang (楊祐寧). Selected to be screened in Pusan, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Shanghai International Film Festival, the film gets reviewed as “Run Lola Run meets new generation's wuxia… “; “Ming Ming's world, one which contains fantasy martial arts elements, the magical realism which set in today's contemporary era.” 
In 2011, Susie was invited by mainstream director Jeff Lau (劉鎮偉) to be the Music Director for “East Meets West 2011” (東成西說2011). 
In 2012, directed and scripted the viral film “Beauty University” (美麗大學) starring Shu Qi (舒淇). Episode 1: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXl4EYnc3Io
Besides making advertising films and music videos, Susie is now preparing her next feature and recently working outside the box, as creative director, photographer and multi-media visual designer for various art projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19828158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828158" title="Trimethylsilyl trifluoromethanesulfonate">
Trimethylsilyl trifluoromethanesulfonate

Trimethylsilyl trifluoromethanesulfonate is a trifluoromethanesulfonate derivate with a trimethylsilyl R-group. It has similar reactivity to trimethylsilyl chloride, and is also used often in organic synthesis.
Examples of use.
The stereoselective synthesis of seven benzylated proanthocyanidin trimers (epicatechin-(4β-8)-epicatechin-(4β-8)-epicatechin trimer (procyanidin C1), catechin-(4α-8)-catechin-(4α-8)-catechin trimer (procyanidin C2), epicatechin-(4β-8)-epicatechin-(4β-8)-catechin trimer and epicatechin-(4β-8)-catechin-(4α-8)-epicatechin trimer derivatives) can be achieved with TMSOTf-catalyzed condensation reaction, in excellent yields. Deprotection of (+)-catechin and (-)-epicatechin trimers derivatives gives four natural procyanidin trimers in good yields.
It has been used in Takahashi Taxol total synthesis or for chemical glycosylation reactions.

</doc>
<doc id="19828159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828159" title="I Love Money (season 2)">
I Love Money (season 2)

I Love Money 2 or I Love Money (season 2) is the second season of the VH1 reality television series "I Love Money", created by Surreal Life executive producers Cris Abrego and Mark Cronin. The 19 contestants for the second season were drawn from "I Love New York", "Flavor of Love", "Rock of Love", and "Real Chance of Love" to compete in physical and mental challenges, aiming for a $250,000 grand prize. Production began in late October 2008 & wrapped November 2008, and the show premiered on February 2, 2009 with Craig J. Jackson returning to host. The winner of the competition was Angela Pitts, also known as Myammee.
Episodes.
Episode 1: It's a Dirty Game, But Someone Has To Play It.
"First aired February 2, 2009
19 contestants arrived to compete on the second season, and, like the previous season, the contestants had to jump off the boat into the water. Bonez ends up losing some of his hair products into the water, while Myammee worries about getting her synthetic weave wet. While introducing himself to the contestants, Craig notes that both The Entertainer and Heat were from last season and that Entertainer actually voted off Heat. While Entertainer denies it saying that was his team's decision, they decide to put it behind them and form an alliance. After revealing what each contestant would do with the money, the teams competed in a challenge to become team captains. The challenge was called the Mud Pit, where each contestant would have one minute to swim in the mud and find as many gold coins within the time limit. Leilene did the worst with no coins, while Tamara has a fear of water, thus found only a few coins. In the end, 20 Pack and T-Weed eventually won.
Before picking teams, 20 Pack and T-Weed begin talking to the other contestants and from there, alliances begin to form with The Entertainer, Heat, 20 Pack and eventually Tailor Made (who originally tried to form an alliance with Buddha) in one, and Saaphyri, Buckwild and Leilene in another. 20 Pack picks The Entertainer, Heat, Prancer, Angelique, Saaphyri, Cali, and Tailor Made. T-Weed picks Onix, Bonez, Myammee, Buckwild, Milf, Buddha, and Ice. 20 Pack and T-Weed originally had an agreement to not have Buddha picked on either team, as he was a big physical threat, but he was eventually chosen to be on the Green Team by T-Weed, much to the displeasure of The Entertainer. It was down to It, Leilene and Tamara for the final picks, and then 20 Pack picked It for the Gold Team. When Leilene and Tamara had a chance to plead their case, Leilene said she may of messed up, but she's still a good player, while Tamara doesn't make much of an effort. T-Weed decides to pick the final girl by arm wrestling, to which Leilene won. Not chosen to be on either team was Tamara, who felt betrayed because both 20 Pack and T-Weed promised her she wouldn't go home, but neither one of them picked her, and humorously stormed off the set, by, like on season one of "Rock Of Love" unintentionally walking into a closet.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 2: Stripper Moves.
"First aired February 9, 2009
The episode begins with Buddha sweet talking Leilene (who has a crush on him), with Saaphyri and Buckwild looking on. Each team must pick a new captain for their next challenge. The Green Team picks Myammee for their new captain, while the Gold Team picks Heat. The challenge is the Boston Knockout, which is based on the first season of "I Love New York", when Chance knocked Mr. Boston out of the boxing ring. The ring is suspended over the water and two people will fight each other with boxing gloves and if somebody gets knocked down or gets knocked out of the ring, the other team will get a point. First up is The Entertainer vs. Buddha, and Buddha knees Entertainer, and wins a point for the Green Team. Next, Ice and Tailor Made fight, with Tailor Made winning a point for the Gold Team. It and Bonez fight, with Bonez winning a point for the Green Team. T-Weed and 20 Pack fight each other, with 20 Pack knocking T-Weed out of the ring and falls into the water, thus another point went to the Gold Team. 20 Pack reveals in his interview that he broke his hand because of the fight. Cali and Milf fight each other, with Cali winning another point for the Gold Team. Onix and Prancer fight each other next. Onix promised Heat and the rest of his alliance that he would throw the challenge, but, instead, ends up knocking Prancer out of the ring, resulting in another point for the Green Team, thus tying the game. For the final match, Heat and Myammee fight with Heat winning, meaning the Gold Team was the winner.
Saaphyri and Buckwild tried to convince Leilene to vote Buddha into the box in the vault. In the vault, all but Buckwild, vote Leilene into the box, which hurts Leilene to know Buddha betrayed her. Onix is voted into the box also, and when Buckwild gets voted in, she flips out, hoping to stall, but doesn't run out of time, and the decision is final by the team. Before the power outing, Buckwild and Saaphyri tell Leilene if she quits the game, the Green Team will have to go back into the vault and vote somebody else into the box, which she's certain will be Buddha. Leilene tearfully agrees to do so, agreeing on a pinky swear saying their friendship is more important to her than winning the money. On the power outing, the four contenders go on a boat ride. Leilene finally tells Heat that Buckwild and Saaphyri want her to throw the game. Buckwild gets mad at Leilene for breaking the pinky swear for telling Heat. On the one on one time, Heat selects Leilene. The two talk about the plan and Leilene admits she doesn't want to quit. Out of desperation, Leilene falls for Heat and says she wants to spend more time with him, and then the two kiss. Back at the house, Heat talks to Leilene into quitting, with Leilene still undecided with what she wants to do. At elimination, Heat gives the first check to Buckwild. Heat then calls up Onix and tells him because of his failure to throw the challenge, he can't trust him, and thus his check is voided. Onix then says Heat just eliminated his only friend in the house.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 3: It's in the Cards.
"First aired February 16, 2009
This episode begins where Episode Two left off, with Leilene wanting to talk to Buckwild about breaking off the pinky swear earlier, but Buckwild doesn't want to talk to her. Meanwhile inside the house, Buddha and Milf form an alliance. Milf admits that she feels an attraction to Buddha. Heat and Leilene cuddle and make-out. The other girls and Buddha think Leilene is acting like a ho for always hooking up with the guys in the house. When Leilene hears of this, she feels hurt and wants to leave the house, and even packs her bags, but changes her mind and sleeps outside. Deciding she's suffered enough, Buckwild and Saaphyri convince Leilene to come back in the house, and share a touching moment. The next day, Milf is selected the new captain of the Green Team, while Saaphyri is picked captain for the Gold Team. The new challenge is called the Breath Mint Shootout, which is based on "Flavor Of Love 3" when Shy had bad breath. The challenge is a three-on-two soccer game where two people will play defense in front of a giant cardboard mouth, and one will have to kick the ball away from the mouth, while the other will have to play goalie with a giant toothbrush, while three members of the other team will play offense and will have to kick the soccer ball into the goal. Milf picks Saaphyri and Angelique to play defense, and Ice, Myammee, and Bonez to play offense. After two goals are scored, Saaphyri flips out at Angelique for not even trying to play offense, slams the toothbrush onto the ground, and shrieks, "I quit! I quit!" Buckwild then convinces Saaphyri not to quit, and eventually, Saaphyri and Angelique switch positions, and quickly turn the game around and end up stopping a lot of the goals. After blocking four goals, the Green Team now has to play defense, which Saaphyri ends up picking T-Weed and Leilene playing defense. Gold Team ends up winning with more goals. Knowing she's at risk being voted into the box, Milf and Buddha talk and Buddha says if Milf can convince Leilene to move upstairs into his alliance, he won't vote her into the box. Milf agrees, and follows Leilene around the house and tries to persuade her into moving in the alliance, but Leilene says no. In the vault, Milf, Leilene, and Buckwild are voted into the box. Upset with Buddha for breaking his promise, Milf announces she's quitting and leaves the vault. Saaphyri immediately comforts Milf and tries to convince her not quit. Buddha tries to talk to Milf, and Saaphyri and him fight. Buddha, fed up with this, yells at Saaphyri and tries to shove her away from Milf. Not appreciating Buddha yelling at her home girl, Buckwild steps up and yells at Buddha. Buddha yells at her to stay out of it, and then leaves. On the power outing, the girls meet a fortune teller for advice. Buckwild goes first and is told that she's making her life harder for herself for acting like a bad girl. Milf is told to be careful who to trust, and Leilene is told she's bad luck and using her body too much instead of her brain, and Saaphyri asks who should she trust between Milf and Leilene, and the fortune teller tells her Milf. At lunch, Saaphyri calls out Leilene for breaking the pinky swear, and Leilene says she made a mistake and says sorry, and Saaphyri tells her she needs to stop making mistakes, and Leilene leaves the table. On the one on one time, Saaphyri talks to Milf and asks her if she can trust her and if she needed her to throw the challenge she would, and Milf replies, "I have to think about it." At elimination, Saaphyri gives the first check to Buckwild. Before giving out the second check, Saaphyri asks both remaining ladies what loyalty means to them and Milf flubs on her answer, while Leilene says she's been friends with her for a long time and can be trustworthy. Saaphyri calls up Leilene and tells her she loves her, but she's voiding her check. After voiding Leilene's check, Craig asks Saaphyri why she voided her friend's check and Saaphyri explains that she felt that Leilene is only there for love and that all the drama is stressing her out, so she wanted felt this was the best decision for her. Leilene says she still loves Saaphyri, and thought she was there for love and feels this game isn't cut out for her.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 4: Kiss my....
"First aired February 23, 2009
Milf is seen arguing with her roommates Buddha, Myammee, and T-Weed, for their betrayal to her for voting her into the box. Milf, fed up with this, moves downstairs. The next day, Craig hints that the next challenge will be, like last year, "a mouthful". For the Green Team, Bonez is picked for team captain, while The Entertainer is picked for the Gold Team. When they arrive at the challenge site, Craig tells them that the challenge is called, "The Kiss Off 2", which is based on the challenge on the last season of "I Love Money". Craig has a bag of colored coins, and when one contestant picks a coin that matches another contestant's coin, they will be paired together. On the Green Team, Milf and Buddha get paired up together, Myammee and T-Weed are paired together, Bonez picked an odd colored coin and was not able to play, leaving Buckwild and Ice to be together. On the Gold Team, Prancer and Angelique are together, Heat and It, Saaphyri and Tailor Made, 20 Pack and Entertainer are paired together, while Cali picked the odd colored coin, also meaning she will not play the game. Craig then throws a twist in the game: The pairs will not be locking lips, but instead, will be kissing one of their butts, which is based on when the past contestants from "I Love Money" when the contestants would kiss up to other contestants, and literally, when Nibblz kissed Buckeey's butt on a dare on "Flavor Of Love 2". The rules of the challenge is only the lips can touch the butt, no hands; the contestants have to remain on a beam, and the lips must keep touching the butt. Immediately in the game, Milf pushed Buddha off their beam meaning they were out. Buckwild threw the game, meaning T-Weed and Myammee were the only pair left from The Green Team. The Entertainer then gets him and 20 Pack disqualified by Entertainer giving 20 Pack "a smack on the ass". Tailor Made's lips then slip off of Saaphyri's butt, meaning they were also out, and then Heat falls off the beam and used his hand to touch the ground to stop himself, resulting in another disqualification. It's down to T-Weed and Myammee vs. Prancer and Angelique. T-Weed starts sweating and then his feet struggle to stay on the beam, and then he falls off, which resulted in another win for the Gold Team.
Back at the house, Buddha thinks T-Weed is the one to blame for the lost of the game, saying the challenge was easy and he was kissing the "sexiest girl in the house." Buckwild and Saaphyri scheme to get Buddha into the box, and ask Bonez to vote for him in the vault. Bonez slowly said "yes." In the vault, Milf and Buckwild and T-Weed are voted into the box. T-Weed, Buckwild, and Milf voted for Buddha, but were outnumbered. Buddha and T-Weed fight in the vault, while Bonez told Craig that those were the official votes, and the three checks are dropped into the box. On the power outing, Buckwild flirts with The Entertainer, and T-Weed pleads his case. On the one on one time, Entertainer picks T-Weed. T-Weed explains that he wants Buddha gone and if Entertainer keeps him in, T-Weed said he would deliver Buddha's head on a "silver platter." The Entertainer tells T-Weed that before picking teams, he promised Entertainer he wouldn't pick Buddha, but he did anyway and now he was in the box because of him, making Entertainer question if T-Weed could be loyal or not. At elimination, The Entertainer gives the first check to Buckwild. Entertainer then called up T-Weed and said he should never have picked Buddha on his team, and Entertainer doesn't feel he's loyal enough, and then voids his check. After Milf gets her check, Craig then drops a bomb and says this is the point of the game where they like to shake things up, and then splits up the boys and the girls, and gives them coins and sharpies and asks them to write which person of their gender they trusted the most. For the girls, Saaphyri had the most votes, while 20 Pack had the most votes from the boys. Craig then tells them that they are doing new teams. Saaphyri picked The Entertainer, Milf, Cali, It, Myammee, and Angelique for the Green Team, while 20 Pack picked Heat, Buckwild, Ice, Prancer, and Tailor Made for the Gold Team, leaving the final pick between Bonez and Buddha. 20 Pack finally picks Ice. Buddha's check is then voided, and Buddha said that now that the scapegoat is gone, everybody's true natures will come out.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 5: Alliances Are Dead - Or Are They?
"First aired March 2, 2009
After being switched to the Green Team, after being on the Gold Team for two years, The Entertainer is bummed about now no longer being on the Gold Team and worries about his alliances being on the opposite team, so he burns his Gold Team shirt, while Angelique and Heat look on. Down in the pool, Cali and Prancer discuss being in an alliance, and now being separated. The next day, Prancer is picked to be captain for the Gold Team, while Cali is picked for the Green Team. The new challenge is "Gold Diggers", which is based on "Flavor Of Love 3" when Flav eliminated Hotlanta for being a "gold digger". The challenge was the teams would go on a scavenger hunt, while tied together, to find a key to unlock themselves and dig for gold. The team that found the gold first would be safe from elimination. At the first station, the instructions require the team to pick up coconuts and throw them in a net, until the net dropped. Green Team passed the task quite quickly, while the Gold Team struggled. When the Green Team arrived at the second station, the instructions say that the team needs to knock down their pinata to receive their key and seven pairs of gloves. The Entertainer wastes no time and gets the pinata to break open by imagining his parents in the pinata and threw rocks at it rage, until the gloves and key fell out and the Green Team walked off. The Gold Team finally reaches their pinata and find it rather difficult to break open the pinata, until Heat grabbed a long stick and broke it open. When the Green Team arrived at their third station, the instructions are in Spanish, yet the Green Team can't translate, even when they have a Spanish dictionary, while the Gold Team wing it, since Heat speaks Spanish, and it turns out that the final key is underneath the box. The Green Team, fly into panic, not knowing what to do, and then Saaphyri knocks over the box and finds the key and head off, to see the Gold Team (who were allowed to untie themselves) digging for the gold. The Green Team tries to find the gold, but the Gold Team find the treasure chest and get the gold, winning the challenge. Back at the house, Saaphyri and Myammee discuss the challenge and who they think is going into the box and think Cali threw the challenge so Prancer could be Pay Master. Saaphyri then talks to 20 Pack about protecting their alliance and trying to get rid of Cali and Prancer's alliance. Saaphyri then approaches Cali and asks her if she threw the challenge, but Cali denied it, saying she put too much thought into it. In the vault, Saaphyri handpicks Milf, Cali, and Myammee to be in the box, while everybody else agrees with her. When Prancer talks to Entertainer's alliance, they all said Prancer should get rid of Cali, but Prancer tearfully disagrees saying Cali's her "best friend." On the power outing, the girls go zip-lining. Meanwhile, Tailor Made and Ice plot to form an alliance between them, Bonez,Prancer, Myammee, and Cali, if Prancer keeps Cali in the house. At lunch, Prancer calls out Milf for being quiet and Milf blurts, "It's elimination!" On the one on one time, Prancer picks Myammee. Myammee admits in her interview that she's unsure about Prancer, since Prancer's responsible for her elimination on Flavor Of Love 3, and Prancer asks her if she safes her from elimination, if she'll be loyal to her, and Myammee says yes. At elimination, Prancer gives each girl a final plea on why they should stay; Cali says she doesn't want to go, while Myammee struggles on her part, thinking Prancer isn't going to save her, since they're not friends. Prancer then says Cali will not be going home and then tells Craig to void Milf's check. The Entertainer and Buckwild, needless to say, were not happy for this decision. After she and Cali receive their checks, Myammee quietly thanks Prancer, trying to hide their alliance.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 6: The Chickens Who Come Home to Roost.
"First aired March 9, 2009
The Entertainer is talking to his alliance and thinks Tailor Made is a snake for hiding his alliance behind Entertainer's back. Tailor Made, meanwhile, talks to his alliance and tells them to keep the alliance a secret. The next day, The Entertainer is chosen for captain for the Green Team, while Ice is the captain for the Gold Team. When the contestants arrive at the challenge site, Craig tells them that back by popular demand, the contestants will be doing the Chicken-A-Pult, first done last year. The challenge, like last year, is based on when Hottie from "Flavor of Love" cooked Flav's mother a raw chicken and was eliminated soon after. Four people will have to catch the flying chickens that are launched by the catapult, while three people have to build and launch the catapult. On the Gold Team, Ice, Prancer, and Buckwild are the builders, while Heat, 20 Pack, Bonez, and Tailor Made are the catchers. The Gold Team gets their catapult put up first, but the chicken is launched backwards. On the Green Team, The Entertainer catches the first chicken. The Gold Team continues launching the chickens, but they keep going the wrong way. Entertainer keeps catching the chickens, but on the third catch, the chicken slams into his ribs, but he soldiers on, catching two more chickens, but stalls on his last one, but then finally places it on the plate, meaning the Green Team has won their first challenge. At the house, Prancer admits being caught between the two alliances, and isn't sure what to do yet. Inside the vault, everybody in the secret alliance (Ice, Tailor Made, Prancer and Bonez) vote Buckwild, Heat, and 20 Pack into the box. Unhappy seeing his alliance members in the box, The Entertainer gets mad at Tailor Made, as do Buckwild and Heat. Buckwild tells Tailor Made and declares she will throw every challenge until Tailor Made is off the show, to which Tailor Made just mutters, "Okay." Heat throws a fit and kicks things. Before going on the Power Outing, Heat and 20 Pack drink a lot of alcohol. On the Power Outing, 20 Pack and Heat are drunk and slur their speech. The Entertainer then thinks Ice may have thrown the challenge, so the rest of the alliance could vote the three into the box. On the one on one time, Entertainer picks Heat. Heat slurs that he may not be a smart man, but he sees that the members on the Gold Team betrayed him and wants them out. Entertainer says in his interview that he loves Heat, but he hates seeing him drunk. Back at the house, The Entertainer asks his team who they want to see go home: 20 Pack, or Heat. Before the vote, Heat cries and says he really wants the money and doesn't want to leave. 20 Pack also cries. Myammee calls both of their pity cases "BS." At elimination, Buckwild is called up and receives her check first, and Buckwild thanks Entertainer with a kiss, which disgusts the other cast mates. The Entertainer calls up 20 Pack, and thinks 20 Pack is the biggest threat, but still doesn't know if he should keep him or not, so he asks the Green team if he should keep him or not. The Green Team says to give 20 Pack the check. The Entertainer agrees and gives him the check, and 20 Pack drops to his knees and cries. 20 Pack approaches the Gold Team and spits on the ground and calls them traitors. Heat cries, and The Entertainer feels bad, and hugs him and says he's sorry for getting rid of him again (The Entertainer eliminated Heat on the first season) and Heat raves, "We didn’t come here as friends, but goddamn it, I made a real friendship with you! I respect you, man!" and the rest of their alliance hug Heat. Craig voids Heat's check and Heat leaves. In his interview, Entertainer yells and says making him get rid of somebody from his alliance was the final straw and says he will do anything to stay in the house, and the editors edit to make Entertainer blow up for humor effects.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 7: Are You There, God? It's Me.
"First aired March 16, 2009
The episode picks up where last episode picks up when Heat was eliminated. 20 Pack promises to "break Tailor Made's head open." Buckwild rants at Prancer that she needs to make a decision to which alliance she belongs in and calls her a "turtle-faced bitch." Buckwild then grabs Tailor Made's clothes and throws them around the room and Tailor lunges for her and the producers have to break it up. The next day, Craig hints the challenge will be something to do with bathing suits. On the Gold Team, Bonez is picked to be team captain, while Angelique is picked for the Green Team. When the teams arrive at the beach for their next challenge, Craig tells them the challenge is called "Fire and Ice", which is based on the events of hot and cold moments on the shows. The rules of the game is each team has to get six gold coins from a block of ice and put them in their team box, and with each coin retrieved from the block of ice, the team captain has to take off one piece of Mexican clothing and whichever team gets six coins first wins the challenge. During the challenge both 20 Pack and Myammee throw the challenge, so that their alliances will win. Green Team gets the first three coins, and then the Gold Team gets their first coin. It eventually comes down to a 5/5 tie, making the next coin the winning coin. The Gold Team gets the final coin, however, Buckwild grabs the coin and throws it into the ocean. Bonez is frustrated to see Buckwild throw yet another challenge. The Green Team gets the final coin and win the game, making Angelique the Paymaster. At the house, Angelique takes full advantage of her power and makes out with 20 Pack and tries to get him to have sex with her, but 20 Pack runs off scared. Meanwhile outside, It plays truth or dare with Saaphyri, 20 Pack and The Entertainer and Saaphyri dares It to kiss her and he does. 20 Pack then dares It to suck on Saaphyri's toes the way the Entertainer did on "I Love New York 2" and It also does. Inside the mansion, Tailor Made and Prancer plot their plan for the vault, so they go over who's in which alliance, but they don't know which alliance Cali's in. Inside the vault, Buckwild, 20 Pack, and Bonez are voted into the box. On the Power Outing, a chef cooks a newly-caught fish for the contestants. Angelique has to look away, since she's a vegetarian. Before eating lunch, Angelique asks to talk to 20 Pack. Angelique then flashes 20 Pack, and 20 Pack says in his interview that she's too much for him and says if she gives him a chance to get drunk, he'd be most likely to "doink" her. On the one on one time, Angelique picks Bonez. Bonez tells Angelique if she keeps him, he'll welcome her to his alliance. Angelique says she doesn't know if she can trust Bonez. Back at the house, Angelique tells Buckwild that Bonez told her Cali is in Bonez' alliance, and Buckwild tells Saaphyri and Saaphyri confronts Cali and Cali denies it and says she's in their alliance, admitting that she doesn't think her loyalty with Prancer will last to the end. At elimination, Angelique gives the first check to 20 Pack, but will only give it to him, if he kisses her. 20 Pack at first declines, not wanting the same result from "I Love New York 2" to happen again, but eventually does and he gets his check. Angelique then calls up Buckwild and admits she knows she can trust her, but thinks she's a strong player, but eventually hands her the check. Buckwild thanks Angelique by kissing her butt. Angelique apologizes to Bonez, saying it was not personal, but he didn't do enough to prove himself loyal to Angelique. Bonez says in his interview that all things happen for a reason.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 8: How Do You Say 'Implosion' in Spanish.
"First aired March 23, 2009
As the episode opens, we see Saaphyri and It sleeping in bed the next morning, hinting that there may be a relationship blossoming between them. Craig notes the next challenge will be involving a "drop." On the Gold Team, Tailor Made is picked captain, while Saaphyri is picked for the Green Team. The Green and Gold teams then face off in their most hair-raising challenge yet--"Tangle Web of Lies", where the contestants learn they will be disentangling themselves from a series of elevated ropes and plunging into the sea beneath them. The challenge is based on the contestants lying on the shows. Entertainer then wonders whether his fate from last season's "I Love Money" will happen again. Each team member will have to participate, three people will have to disentangle the rope, while the rest of the team members served as dead weights, then the disentangles will release their rope and drop in the water and swim to the life preserver in the fastest time possible. On the Green team, Saaphyri, The Entertainer, and Angelique were the disentangles, while Myammee, It, and Cali served as dead weights. The Green Team wastes no time and disentangles their rope and finish the challenge in six minutes. On the Gold Team, Tailor Made's rope breaks and falls in the water, leading everybody into thinking that is qualified as a disqualification. However, Craig explains that the rope broke and that he didn't release the rope, meaning his team will re-do the challenge and finish the game in five minutes, carrying them to an easy victory over the Green Team. Later, Tailor Made's scheming pays off when he convinces It to join his alliance. It in turn convinces Saaphyri to betray The Entertainer in the vault. When The Entertainer learns of this, he begins arguing with Saaphyri, even going so far as to break wind noisily in her direction. Saaphyri is disgusted and outraged. Ultimately, the fractured Green team cannot come to a consensus in the Vault. As Paymaster, Tailor Made selects Frank, Saaphyri, and Angelique for a power outing. As the three contestants rock climb, it becomes clear that Angelique is more athletic than anyone had guessed, suggesting she may well be a potential threat down the road. Tailor Made later confides in his teammates that Saaphyri climbed as well as he did, though a flashback suggests that Tailor Made did not complete the task with as much grace or gusto as his female counterpart. On the power outing, nobody says anything, but then Saaphyri and Entertainer argue. On the one on one time, Tailor Made picks The Entertainer. The Entertainer pleads with Tailor Made to save him, promising to join his alliance, and that Saaphyri isn't trustworthy. At eliminations, Tailor saves Frenchy first, commenting that he respects her for the strong loyalties she has shown to her alliance in the past. The Entertainer is called out next, but his check is promptly declared void. The Entertainer thinks ruefully about returning to his mother's basement, and clips of his unhappy home life are edited into his exit. Saaphyri receives her check and promises not to call Tailor Made a "devil" anymore; for his part, he promises not to call her a bitch. Buckwild concludes the episode by passionately kissing Frank and promising to eliminate Tailor Made for him in the future. However, Craig declares that from now on, there will be no more teams, endangering Buckwild's previous strategy of throwing challenges to please her allies.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 9: Thrown Under the Bus.
"First aired March 30, 2009
Craig notes that the next challenge will be about "missing the bus." When the contestants arrive at the challenge site, they see a bunch or mannequins' backs turned to them. Craig says the challenge is called "Under the Bus" which is based on events on the reality shows when some of the contestants threw their friends under the bus. The rules of the challenge is each player must run and grab a mannequin with a shirt that represents a contestant, and throw it in the road in the target zone where a passing bus will run over it. Each player gets two chances, and if they missed the target zone, or grabs a decoy dummy, they will lose a mannequin. The first contestant to lose both mannequins will automatically be placed into the box. The last person standing will be Paymaster. 20 Pack goes first and grabs Tailor Made's dummy, but doesn't make it on time, giving 20 Pack one strike. It goes next, but has trouble seeing and can't find Cali's dummy, but grabs her dummy. However, he misses the target zone, and it was not Cali's dummy—it was Myammee's. It has one strike. Tailor Made successfully throws Cali's dummy in the target zone, and the bus runs over it, giving Cali a strike. Buckwild tries to find Tailor Made's mannequin, but ends up grabbing a random mannequin and misses the bus, but it was not Tailor Made's dummy—it was Craig, a decoy mannequin. Buckwild gets a strike. Myammee throws 20 Pack's dummy, but misses the target zone, leaving her with a strike. On Cali's turn, she aims for Myammee's dummy, but she misses the target zone, putting Cali in the box. In the end, it comes down to Prancer and Tailor Made, with Tailor Made winning, becoming the first back-to-back Paymaster this season (Hoopz was the first back-to-back Paymaster on Season 1).
At the house, Tailor Made talks to Cali and asks her not to vote for anybody in the vault, and he'll in return not void her check. In the vault, Cali votes with her alliance Myammee and It in the box. On the power outing, the contestants play tennis. It keeps bragging to Cali that she's going home and makes funny faces at her. At lunch, Cali struggles to plea her case. On the one on one time, Tailor Made picks Cali and Cali tells him if he saves her, she'll save him the next time. At elimination, Tailor gives Myammee the first check. Tailor Made tells Cali he won't be voiding her check, Prancer will be instead. Prancer explains that she saved Cali the first time and if she would have listened to her after saving her the first time, then she would be safe. Then Prancer voids her check. It sings a song for Cali's departure.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 10: You Made Your Bed, Now Lie in It.
"First aired April 6, 2009
The new challenge is called "Bed Hopping", which is based on bedroom affairs from various vh1 shows. Each contestant must hop from bed to bed and grab a bag of money and run back to land and put it in a trunk and go back and retrieve a second bag of money and put in the trunk in the fastest time possible, under five minutes. If somebody falls from the bed into the water, they have to go back to the starting point and start over. Buckwild goes first and finishes in 2:32. Myammee goes next and finishes in 1:45, and then Ice goes and finishes 1:43. Prancer then takes the lead with 1:40. 20 Pack goes next and finishes the challenge very fast in 26 seconds. Tailor Made struggles with his part and finishes 2:37, putting him in last place. Saaphyri also struggles and falls off the bed and has to go back to start, finishing in 2:51. It also does very bad and falls in the water and finishes in 4:47. Angelique falls in the water twice and doesn't even try to finish on the second time, making her disqualified, leaving her in last place, making 20 Pack the Paymaster.
Back at the house, Tailor Made gets medically treated for his toe. Saaphyri and Buckwild realize with Frenchy in the box, they're outnumbered by Tailor Made's alliance, meaning one of them in their alliance will be voted into the box. Saaphyri tries to convince It to vote somebody in his alliance into the box, but It says no. Saaphyri then throws It's stuff in the yard. 20 Pack tries to per sway Tailor Made to put It in the box, but Tailor Made refuses. In the vault Saaphyri and Buckwild try to stall, but don't succeed. In desperation, Buckwild throws her water at Myammee and Myammee grabs Buckwild's face, but the producer separates them. Craig calms down the vault and decides they're gonna vote and he's gonna do it in a calm way. Buckwild and Saaphyri panic, so Saaphyri falls to the floor. Nobody believes it. Buckwild then says Saaphyri is sick. It and Tailor Made begin to wonder if Saaphyri really is sick, so then It holds Saaphyri's feet in the air. Buckwild takes Saaphyri to her room and tells her to pass out on the bed. A medic arrives and applies an oxygen mask on her and is about to insert a needle in her, but Saaphyri then comes out of it and the two return to the vault. The voting then resumes and Saaphyri and Buckwild are voted into the box. On the power outing, Saaphyri says 20 Pack should save her since she saved him once, and should save Buckwild because they're friends. Angelique admits 20 Pack owes her because she also saved him awhile back. On the one on one time, 20 Pack decides to talk to both Buckwild and Saaphyri. They both say they're stronger and smarter than Frenchy and he should keep them. Back at the house, Tailor Made approaches 20 Pack and says if he gets rid of Buckwild, they won't vote for him next time in the vault. At elimination, 20 Packs admits to not wanting to be Paymaster because he doesn't want to pick off anybody from his alliance. 20 Pack calls up Buckwild and hugs her, but then voids her check. Saaphyri then vows to get 20 Pack out of the house.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 11: You Can Scream All You Want.
"First aired April 13, 2009
Picking up where Episode 10 left off, Saaphyri wants 20 Pack out of the house. 20 Pack explains he kept her in because she's always looked out for him, so he wanted to return the favor. The next day, Saaphyri asks Myammee why she always has to wear lingerie at every elimination and the two fight and Myammee decides that at least she can wear lingerie, while Saaphyri has to wear sleepwear. The new challenge is called "Loud Mouth" which is based on past contestants screaming. Two people will compete at a time, and must scream at a level of at least 100 dB and hold it for as long as possible. Whichever one in each competition pair is the first to drop below 100 dB will fall under a trap door and lose. Whoever loses with the shortest time at the end of the first round of the competition is the Dead Last Loser. 20 Pack and Myammee compete first. 20 Pack decides based on the bad turn of events he had to face in the last challenge when he was Paymaster that again this is the one time he doesn't want Paymaster, so 20 Pack tries throwing the challenge so somebody else in his alliance might win. He does this by intentionally dropping below 100 dB first. 20 Pack then falls through the door with a time of 11.4 seconds. Ice and Tailor Made compete next, and Ice wins. Angelique and It compete next, and everybody notices It's level start to drop, but are surprised when Angelique gives out first and drop so It wins. Saaphyri and Prancer compete next, and Saaphyri is determined to be Paymaster so she gives it her all. Prancer isn't holding out as well as she thought, so she gives out and prepares to fall through the trap door, but is surprised to find Saaphyri barely gave out a split second before she did, and so Prancer wins. With the first round of the competition complete, the person with the shortest time is 20 Pack, so he is declared the Dead Last Loser, from first to worst. 20 Pack is not worried. We move to the next round, the Semi-Finals. First Prancer and Myammee compete. Prancer is determined to see Myammee's weave get wet, so she gives it her all, but falls short and falls down. Myammee celebrates her win with a little dance on the trap door, to Craig's amusement. It and Ice then compete and It falls instantly, because he couldn't get his voice above 100 dB for more than a second this time. Ice wins. It's saving grace from being the Dead Last Loser because of this short a time is because this isn't the first round. Now it is time for the third round, the Finals. It's down to Ice and Myammee to shout it out for Paymaster, and like Prancer, Ice wants Myammee wet so she gives it everything she has..and again like Prancer, Ice falls short and gets wet. Myammee wins the game and dances on her trap door again as she is declared Paymaster. 20 Pack is the Dead Last Loser.
Back at the house, It suggests that Myammee should go back on her deal that her alliance with saving 20 Pack. Tailor Made, however, wants to continue to keep their end of the bargain. Tailor Made then warns 20 Pack he isn't as safe as he thinks, but his signals seem more mixed when he reassures him "You're good...you're good". Saaphyri eavesdrops into their conversation and she confronts 20 Pack and calls him a "little bitch" and says everybody wants him to go home. Saaphyri talks to Angelique and tries to convince her to form an all-girl alliance. Myammee, on the other hand, plans on starting her own alliance with Ice and Prancer, The PGA (Pretty Girl Alliance). In the vault, Saaphyri gives a speech saying all the girls should band together, but she fails, and she and Angelique are voted into the box. Saaphyri then announces she's quitting the game. Before Craig voids her check, he wants to know if she's sure. Saaphyri then asks It if she should quit, and It says "No...you might not go home...she might send Frenchy home!". He then continues to mumble on about other things, to everyone's amusement. So Saaphyri changes her mind and stays in the game. On the power outing, the contestants get massages. During the massage, 20 Pack falls asleep and doesn't bother pleading his case. At lunch, Myammee wonders why Saaphyri hasn't said much and Saaphyri says she isn't gonna "kiss Myammee ass." At elimination, Myammee calls up 20 Pack and then voids his check. 20 Pack says in his interview he knew he shouldn't have trusted Tailor Made's alliance. 20 Pack takes his voided check and leaves, glaring at Tailor Made, not knowing how livid and embarrassed Tailor Made is that his agreement was not kept. Tailor Made says in his interview that Myammee should have kept her word and spared 20 Pack. When Myammee calls Saaphyri up for her check, Myammee refuses to just give it to her even after having voided 20 Pack's check, saying she could beat her, kill her, murder her in any competition, to which Saaphyri answers "You never know" each time. Saaphyri ends up having to forcefully take her check from Craig's hands. Craig protests at first but then lets her join the others with her check. Saaphyri's resolve against Myammee is even stronger now.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 12: Can You Hang?
"First aired April 20, 2009
After Myammee went against the alliance by getting rid of 20 Pack, Tailor Made feels she's turned on him. Ice and Prancer then agree that there is no alliance anymore. The next day, Craig hints the next challenge will test the contestants how they'll "hang on". Everyone believes that it might be the stripper pole challenge from last season. Prancer worries because she thinks Angelique might do good with this challenge. While Myammee and It practice "hanging on", Saaphyri tells Angelique she's onto the PGA. When they arrive at the challenge site, instead of seeing stripper poles, the contestants instead see suspending life preservers. The name of the challenge is called "Hang On Flav", which is based on "Flavor of Love" when Flav was on his boating date with New York, he was hanging onto the lifeboat. Each contestant has to hang onto the preserver as long as they can and whoever falls into the water first, unlike last year, will be the Dead Last Loser and be put in the box, and whoever lasts the longest will be Paymaster. Myammee hesitates at first to jump in the water because she doesn't want to damage her weave, but eventually jumps in and swims to a preserver. When everybody's hoisted up, everybody has their legs through the hole of the preserver, except for It. It then falls and lands in the water, making him come in last place. Soon, Ice falls as she can't hold anymore, then Myammee falls as she isn't in a comfortable position. Angelique's arms get tired and hangs only by her legs then her feet accidentally slip out of buoy and she lands upside down, then Prancer hangs only by her legs to then Prancer decides to let go and falls hard in the water and hurts her leg, leaving only Tailor Made and Saaphyri. Scared she may lose, Saaphyri then prays to God and hopes He can forgive all the times she's cussed out the "bitches". Tailor begins to lose his grip and warns Prancer, who's still in the water, to move because he doesn't want to fall on her. Tailor Made then falls into the water, making Saaphyri Paymaster.
Prancer continues to whine about her injury. Saaphyri and everyone else thinks she's faking, especially after season 1 when Toastee faked her ankle sprain. Paramedics arrive and take Prancer to the hospital. Back at the house, Prancer's leg is bandaged up. Tailor Made and Myammee want to throw Prancer in the box. Ice talks to Frenchie and wants her to vote Tailor Made into the box. Angelique says no, because he saved her awhile back. Ice asks Saaphyri who she wants in the box and Saaphyri calls that a "dumb question"; Myammee. Ice then explains that her alliance wants Tailor Made in the box and Saaphyri then says in her interview that NOW the girls want the boys out, instead of yesterday. Saaphyri talks to Tailor Made and alerts him that the girls in his alliance are gunning for him, but Tailor wants proof, so he eavesdrops while Saaphyri talks to Ice and Prancer and they admit they want Tailor out. Saaphyri wants It to vote Myammee into the box, and It says no. Saaphyri then tells It to get out of her room. The very next morning, Myammee tells It to vote Prancer into the box, but It doesn't answer. Saaphyri then walks into the room and Myammee says she was in there to see if It thought if she had a chance of staying. It replies, "There's nothing I can do" and then Myammee leaves. In the vault, Prancer and Ice are voted into the box...by Myammee. Ice then says the secret alliance is over. After the vault, Ice and Myammee hug and Myammee apologizes and Ice accepts. Prancer talks to Saaphyri and she tearfully tells her that she's done with Myammee and admits Myammee was disrespectful to Saaphyri last elimination. She also says when she's Paymaster again, she'll do anything to get rid of Tailor Made and Myammee. On the power outing, the four contestants sit and tan. Ice and Prancer argue who's stronger and Ice says she's faking her injury. Prancer explains that she has a contusion, which is a bruise on her bone. On the one on one time, Saaphyri talks to Ice. Ice kisses up to Saaphyri and admits she didn't know Saaphyri was so strong and promises to join her alliance. At elimination, Craig asks Myammee about how she put Ice and Prancer under the bus, and Myammee tearfully says it would have been suicide if she was voted into the box. Saaphyri calls up It to get his first check. Before giving him his check, Saaphyri asks It if he loves her, and he says he does, and then tells him to twirl. It twirls, and Saaphyri gives him the check. Saaphyri then calls up Prancer and hands her the check, and Prancer cries and hugs her. Saaphyri asks her if those are real tears, and Prancer says yes. Ice's check is voided, and Saaphyri tells her that not voting for Myammee was sabotaging herself and that was what sent her home. Myammme says in her interview that Saaphyri now has Prancer "under her boobs".
Reason For Elimination
Episode 13: Big Boobs, Big Bucks.
"First aired April 27, 2009
The talking Craig picture notes the challenge is about "enhance", "reduce", and "bust". When the contestants arrive at the challenge site, Craig tells them the challenge is called, "Iron Boobs", which is based on past Vh1 contestants having fake boobs. Each contestant must wear giant inflatable boobs and run through an obstacle course consisting of hurdles, poles, a giant boob cut-out, a tire hop, a balance beam, swim around a buoy, and go back to the starting point in the shortest amount of time will be Paymaster, and the loser will automatically be put in the box. Myammee goes first and finishes in 1:58. Tailor Made goes next and finishes in 1:49. Prancer goes next and goes through the obstacle course very fast, but falls down after she finishes swimming and struggles to make it to the starting point. However, she takes the lead, finishing in 1:35. Saaphyri and It struggle in the challenge, while Angelique does well, until she walks on the tire hop instead of putting her feet in it, making her start over from there. In the end, Prancer wins the challenge and It had the lowest time, making him the dead-last loser.
Myammee then begins to worry because Prancer and Saaphyri are in an alliance and that Prancer will send her home. Tailor Made convinces It to vote for Saaphyri. In the vault, Saaphyri and Frenchy are voted into the box. Angelique causes a stir and wants to quit because she doesn't trust Prancer. Saaphyri consoles her, and Angelique decides to stay. On the power outing, the contestants golf. At lunch, Saaphyri says Prancer should keep her because she saved her last time and she isn't that strong. It says he should stay because he's weak. On the one on one time, Prancer picks Frenchy and Prancer wants to form an alliance with her, but Angelique doesn't trust her because she turned on their alliance. At elimination, Saaphyri gets the first check. Prancer then calls up Angelique and tells her she didn't really get a chance to get to know her, but she's a bigger threat than It and voids her check. Angelique aks Prancer if she's afraid of a challenge, and Prancer says no, but she knows she can beat It.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 14: The Final Showdown.
"First aired May 4, 2009
The episode begins with the introduction of the first challenge, which is entitled "Excess Baggage". For the challenge, each contestant must traverse a beam suspended above the ground, releasing bags attached to the beam. The winner of the competition would be made the Paymaster, while the check of the contestant with the slowest time would automatically voided. Myammee wins the competition with Prancer coming in a close second. Saaphyri had the slowest time, finishing ten seconds behind It. Saaphyri asks to void her check herself; a request which Craig grants.
At the power outing, It portrays himself as a weak competitor, while Prancer pointed out that It was perhaps not a trustworthy person. At the ceremony, Tailor Made is given the first check, after which, Myammee then calls up It. She tells him he isn't trustworthy but couldn't run, see, or swim so she gives him his check. Myammee tells Craig to void Prancer's check because Prancer is too strong and she is afraid that she could not beat Prancer. On the way to their last challenge, It reveals that his grandfather had died long before his birth, leading Myammee and Tailor Made to become upset that he had earlier lied about this fact. For the final challenge, It, Myammee, and Tailor Made compete in the "Dash for the Cash". To complete the challenge, they must navigate an obstacle course of past challenges (throwing coconuts into a basket, pumping up an inner-tube to float across water, melt ice to get a coin for the taxi, save a dummy from the water, and return to the mansion for a quiz). It starts strong on the coconut challenge but then gets lost in the jungle. Tailor Made is the first to arrive at the ice-melting stage, but Myammee, who arrives second, passes him, retrieving her coin before Tailor Made. At the dummy saving challenge, Tailor Made loses more time when he doesn't realize his dummy is tethered to a rope. Myammee is the first to arrive at the mansion, which she is given a choice between two trivia challenges. She chose questions from the category "Six Degrees Of Buckwild" rather than questions about the Entertainer. Myammee performs relatively well, correctly answering all but two questions. She is able to correct her answers just as Tailor Made arrives at the stage, winning the $250,000. Myammee falls to the ground in tears. Craig then promptly voids Tailor Made's and It's check. Tailor and Myammee hug. Meanwhile It is far behind, melting the wrong side of the block of ice. He gives up on the challenge, orders shrimp, puts it on the ice, which makes it fall down on the ground.
Reason For Elimination
Episode 15: Reunion Show.
"First aired May 10, 2009
Almost all of the cast (except Saaphyri and Tamara) reunite. Angelique is the first to be called on stage. She and Craig discuss her being underrated by the other contestants, and she says she is athletic thanks to stripping. She then verbally fights with Prancer over whether or not it was karma that prevented the latter to win and mocks her for her "$500 boob-job" and "10-year-old turtle" look. 20 Pack is then brought on stage and both reveal that they are dating other people when Craig asks Angelique if she wants another chance with 20. Up next is Leilene, brought on stage with Buddha and Heat. They both tell her she must love herself before loving others, of which Buckwild agrees. Heat then explains he got upset when Leilene said she was not mentally attracted to him because he felt she called him an idiot and a montage of his drunken and stupid moments are shown. Leilene then admits to being mentally attracted to him. Entertainer is then brought on stage with Heat and they discuss him getting rid of Heat twice, Heat says he has no hard feelings but thought 20 Pack would have bounced instead of him. Frank then says he should get his own show, getting a lot of cheers, Heat does too, planning to have his mother and his ya-ya (grandmother) as chaperones to the girls. It is then brought on stage and reiterates that his dumbness was all an act, of which Ice disagrees. It then shows how "analystical" he is by moonwalking. Tailor Made joins him on stage and after discussing their alliance (which Buckwild dubs "the ones nobody remembers from the show"), reveals himself and It are running for New York City Council, after learning to use their differences to their advantage. It advises the Jews and Muslims do the same ("have beards together and not eat pork together"), and the duo offer a preview of their YouTube series. Finally, Myammee is brought on stage and offers a different explanation for her lingerie wearing, saying she lost her suitcase. She then says she will use the money to provide for her aunt and her father. She also reveals her intention to help women changing their weaves as often as she does, which makes some castmembers laugh.

</doc>
<doc id="19828161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828161" title="Benjamin Franklin, Jr.">
Benjamin Franklin, Jr.

Benjamin Franklin Jr. is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th "Our Gang" short (212th episode, 123rd talking short, 124th talking episode, and 43rd MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
The gang kids are upset that World War II is causing them deprivations and inconveniences. Organizing a fact-finding committee, Gang members Mickey, Froggy, Buckwheat, and Janet try to determine what to do about the present national crisis. With the help of a convenient copy of Benjamin Franklin's "Poor Richard's Almanac", the kids stage a play in which they cathartically come to grips with the sacrifices indigenous to the war effort, and provide patriotic solutions to the situation.
Notes.
Billie Thomas is the last remaining cast member from the Hal Roach Studios days. This is just one more teach the children/morality lesson/conservation lesson/World War patriotism film short that is anything but entertaining or funny.

</doc>
<doc id="19828170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828170" title="Jalan Sebertak-Bera Selatan">
Jalan Sebertak-Bera Selatan

Jalan Sebertak-Bera Selatan, Federal route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia. It is a main route to Kota Bahagia, Bandar Muadzam Shah and Tasik Bera.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1572 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19828176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828176" title="Peter Leitch QSM Challenge Trophy">
Peter Leitch QSM Challenge Trophy

On 15 October 2008 New Zealand Rugby League chairman Ray Haffenden announced that the Kiwis vs Tonga Test Match would be used to launch the Peter Leitch QSM Challenge Trophy as well as the George William Mann Medal.
“Both trophies recognise the huge contribution these two men have made to the game,” he said.
“We want to acknowledge the close affinity and involvement Peter has had with the Pacific Island and rugby league communities in New Zealand for many years.
“The winner of the test will hold the Peter Leitch QSM Challenge Trophy and it’s our intention that it will be at stake in future internationals between the Kiwis and our Pacific neighbours.”
The second award commemorates the late George Mann senior’s involvement in developing rugby league in Tonga.
Haffenden said the medal would be awarded to Tonga’s player of the match on Saturday.

</doc>
<doc id="19828178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828178" title="Kota Iskandar">
Kota Iskandar

Do you mean "Kota Iskandar, Johor"
Kota Iskandar is a small town in Pahang, Malaysia. It is located near Bera Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="19828198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828198" title="Sebertak">
Sebertak

Sebertak is a small town in Pahang, Malaysia. It is located not far from Bandar Bera.

</doc>
<doc id="19828225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828225" title="Robert Hamilton Butts">
Robert Hamilton Butts

Robert Hamilton Butts (born August 4, 1871 in Port Morien, Nova Scotia, Canada-died November 29, 1943) was a politician, barrister and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Unionist in the 1917 election to represent the riding of Cape Breton South and Richmond. He was defeated in the 1923 election for the riding of North Cape Breton and Victoria. Butts was also a Member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly (1911-1917 & 1928-1933) representing the electoral district of Cape Breton County in two terms as a Member of the Nova Scotia Conservative Party. He also served in the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia (1927–1928).

</doc>
<doc id="19828229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828229" title="English ship Aid (1562)">
English ship Aid (1562)

Aid or Ayde was an 18-gun ship of the Royal Navy. She was built at Deptford Dockyard, being launched on 6 October 1562. She was rebuilt in 1580 and was broken up in 1599. For the majority of her service, she was commanded by Sir Martin Frobisher.
Service history.
Le Havre (1562).
"Aid" was one of three ships built in 1562 due to the threat of war with France. Her first duty, in autumn of that year, was to help supply the English garrison at Le Havre. This continued until the port was captured by French loyalist forces from the Huguenots in August the following year.
Service off the coast of Scotland (1565).
Anthony Jenkinson was sent in the "Aid" to Scotland during the political crisis of the Chaseabout Raid. He sailed into the Firth of Forth on 25 September 1565. Jenkinson had intended to blockade Leith to prevent Lord Seton bringing munitions for Mary, Queen of Scots from France. He was instructed not to declare that he had been sent by the English government. An adverse wind brought him within range of the cannon of the fortress isle of Inchkeith and he reurned to Berwick-upon-Tweed. Jenkinson's failure resulted in a dispute with the Earl of Bedford who was England's leading diplomat in Scottish affairs.
Expedition to the Northwest Passage (1577).
The ship's next major duty was in 1577, when the ship was granted to Martin Frobisher as part of his second expedition what is now the far north islands of Canada. The expedition was made up of the "Aid", commanded by Frobisher, and two barks, the "Gabriel" and the "Michael", commanded by Edward Fenton and Gilbert Yorke respectively. The fleet, consisting over about 120 men, departed Harwich on 31 May 1577. The expedition brought back 200 tons of ore, although the value of this was less than Frobisher's investors had hoped. They also brought back a family of Inuit, but all three; man, woman and her child, died within a month of arriving in England.
Second expedition to the Northwest Passage (1578).
Another voyage ensued, with Frobisher this time taking some fifteen vessels to explore the Northwest Passage, mine ore and establish a manned settlement in the area. The journey was tough, with strong winds and thick ice preventing them from travelling beyond the Hudson Strait, and they returned to Frobisher Bay. There, "Aid" was hulled below the waterline by an ice floe, requiring repair by a sheet of lead. They abandoned plans to establish a settlement in the area and returned to England with over 1,000 tons of ore.
Anglo-Spanish War (1580s).
"Aid" was rebuilt in 1580 as relations with the Spanish deteriorated. Under the command of Frobisher, "Aid" was involved in the Siege of Smerwick, as part of the English fleet sent to remove a combined Spanish-Papal force taking refuge at Dún an Óir. Remaining under Frobisher's command, "Aid" was one of two ships contributed by Queen Elizabeth I to Sir Francis Drake's expedition to the Spanish West Indies in 1585. She was later part of Drake's fleet at Plymouth to meet the Spanish Armada, remaining with the fleet from the arrival of the Armada on 31 July until the defeat of the Spanish at the Battle of Gravelines, eight days later. The "Aid" was also involved in the ill-fated Counter Armada the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19828237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828237" title="Election Daze">
Election Daze

Election Daze is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 213th "Our Gang" short (214th episode, 125th talking short, 126th talking episode, and 45th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
As the incumbent for the presidency of the "One for All and All for One Club," Mickey is so certain he will win that he refuses to campaign. The situation changes radically when Mickey is challenged by political upstart Froggy, who gains popular support with a steady stream of empty promises. But both candidates are in for an unpleasant surprise when Janet Burston appears as a write-in.

</doc>
<doc id="19828253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828253" title="Cornwell Tools">
Cornwell Tools

Cornwell Tools is a professional tool manufacturer for the automotive and aviation industries. The company is based out of Wadsworth, Ohio. Cornwell produces most of their own hard line of tools such as ratchets, sockets, wrenches, pry bars, and chisels at their Albion, Pennsylvania and Mogadore, Ohio plants. They also carry allied air, electric, and diagnostic tools, with quality considered on par with Mac Tools and Matco Tools. They also carry a similar lifetime warranty on all hand tools.
The company was founded in 1919 by Eugene Cornwell, a blacksmith from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. Cornwell is the only privately owned mobile tool distribution business in the U.S.
Cornwell Tools are sold by local tool distributors who own a territory by means of a franchise. The franchise owner drives to the work locations of potential customers, and typically offers financing to individuals buying their tools. Cornwell trucks are white with large blue and black Cornwell Ironman logos on their sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19828260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828260" title="HMS Aid (1809)">
HMS Aid (1809)

HMS "Aid" was a 10-gun Royal Navy transport ship launched in 1809 at Kings Lynn. She was converted to a survey ship in March 1817, and was renamed HMS "Adventure" in 1821. 
As HMS "Adventure" the ship was deployed for 5 years between 1826 and 1830 in a survey of Patagonia, under the command of Captain Phillip King. The ship was accompanied by HMS "Beagle". The ship was sold in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="19828271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828271" title="Prehistoric Digital Poetry">
Prehistoric Digital Poetry

Prehistoric Digital Poetry: An Archeology of Forms, 1959–1995 is a nonfiction book by C. T. Funkhouser. It was published in 2007 by the University of Alabama Press, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. The book is seen as one of the most thoughtful and thorough critiques and catalogs of digital poetics, and is groundbreaking for its conclusions as to the origins of digital poetry placing them decades earlier than many other writers on the subject.
Funkhouser's book is divided into five distinct sections: Introduction, Origination, Visual and Kinetic Design Poems, Hypertext and Hypermedia, Alternative Arrangements, Techniques Enabled. There are also two Appendices (Appendix A, and Appendix B), as well as Acknowledgments and text Notes.
The Introduction to the book deals largely in generalities, seeking to lay out a basic definition and conception of digital poetry before moving into the examination of individual digital works. Here Funkhouser also deals with critiques and alternate definitions of digital poetry by from writers and theorists other than himself.
The Origins section gives a detailed account of the progression of digital poetry from early computer experiments and tests, performed by a select few individuals, into the earliest forms of computer permutation writing and text generation.
Visual and Kinetic Design Poems deals primarily with works built on font and text formatting. He provides a number of examples similar to the concrete poets of the first half of the 20th century, along with discussions of typology and text manipulation.
The Hypertext and Hypermedia chapter of the book deals primarily with text and media links and their integration into digital poetics.
Alternative Arrangements is an examination of internet writing collectives and communities built around computer networks.
The final chapter of the book entitled Techniques Enabled focuses primarily on the ways in which technology can be advanced purely for the sake of digital poetry. That is to say the last chapter of the book discusses the ways in which digital poets are developing new software and pushing the limits of their computers' functionality in search of new forms of technological expression.

</doc>
<doc id="19828287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828287" title="Second Keihan Highway">
Second Keihan Highway

The is a national highway and 6-laned Regional High-Standard Highways(expressway) in Japan, leading from Fushimi-ku, Kyoto to Kadoma, Osaka. This road is a bypass of Japan National Route 1.
Expressway part.
This expressway is officially referred to as the Second Keihan Highway and the . The length of this road is 28.3 km.
Highway Part.
The length of this road is 29.7 km.

</doc>
<doc id="19828301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828301" title="Dent de Crolles">
Dent de Crolles

The Dent de Crolles is a karstic mountain (2,062m) of the Chartreuse Mountains range, 17 km north east from Grenoble, Isère (France). It has a characteristic "tooth-like" profile which is well-known sight of the Isère Valley (Grésivaudan) seen from the Grenoble area. It is named from the town of Crolles just below .
Cave system.
The Dent de Crolles hosts one of the most complex and vast cave systems in Europe. It is considered to be one of the birth places of modern caving. Its first detailed exploration was during WWII by a small team of French cavers composed of Pierre Chevalier, Fernand Petzl, Charles Petit-Didier and others. Their explorations saw it become the deepest cave in the world (-658m) at the time, and it still ranks sixth deepest in France today. The lack of available equipment during the war forced Pierre Chevalier and the rest of the team to develop their own equipment, leading to technical innovation. The first use of the single rope technique with prusik and mechanical rope-ascenders (Henri Brenot's "monkeys", first used by Chevalier and Brenot in a cave in 1934) can be directly associated with the exploration of the Dent de Crolles cave system. 
Since 1946, the cave has undergone an intense and continuous survey. As of 2007, it has 9 separate entrances (3 potholes on the top karstic plateau, 5 horizontal caves and one cliff entrance). It is known to include more than 58 km of labyrinthic passageways. The two major entrances are the "trou-du-Glaz" and the "Guiers-Mort" cave. The cave system is famous today for the various through trips that the numerous entrances allow.

</doc>
<doc id="19828348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828348" title="Jean-Louis Taberd">
Jean-Louis Taberd

Jean-Louis Taberd (1794–1840) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, and Bishop of Isauropolis, "in partibus infidelium".
Career.
Born in Saint-Étienne, Jean-Louis Taberd was ordained priest in Lyon in 1817. He joined the Paris Foreign Missions Society in 1820, and was appointed to become a missionary in Cochinchina, modern Vietnam. In 1827 he was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Cochinchina, and Bishop of Isauropolis in 1830. With the persecutions of the Emperor of Vietnam Minh Mạng, Mgr Taberd was forced to escape the country. 
Jean-Louis Taberd first went to Penang and then Calcutta, where, with the help of Lord Auckland and the Asiatic Society he was able to publish his own "Latin-Vietnamese" dictionary in 1838. He improved upon the previous works of Alexandre de Rhodes and Pigneau de Béhaine, whose 1783 Vietnamese-Latin dictionary he had been handed in manuscript form. He also published Pigneau's dictionary in 1838 under the name "Dictionarium Anamitico-Latinum". 
In his work "The Geography of Cochin China", Taberd reports the Paracel Islands (today a hotly disputed island territory in Southeast Asia) as having been conquered and claimed by Emperor Gia Long in 1816.
Legacy.
In the late 19th century, the renowned Catholic Half-breed orphans College "Institut Taberd" was founded in Saigon by the Brothers of the Christian Schools and, since 1943, to educate a Vietnamese elite.

</doc>
<doc id="19828357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828357" title="Calling All Kids">
Calling All Kids

Calling All Kids is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Sam Baerwitz. It was the 214th "Our Gang" short (215th episode, 126th talking short, 127th talking episode, and 46th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Another World War II MGM Our Gang mini-musical, Calling All Kids finds the gang invading a local radio station to perform a revue honoring the U.S. military. Amidst such highlights as a "recruiting office" sketch featuring the duo of Mickey and Froggy, and a closing ensemble piece with lyrics that rhyme "Taxes" with "Axis," the film features an extended celebrity-impression routine, with Buckwheat imitating Eddie "Rochester" Anderson and other kids posing as Judy Garland, Eleanor Powell, Fred Astaire, Carmen Miranda, and Virginia O'Brien.

</doc>
<doc id="19828406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828406" title="Numble">
Numble

Numble is a 1965 board game published by Selchow and Righter which is very similar to Scrabble. Instead of forming words, players form sequences adhering to certain arithmetic and numerical constraints.
Each tile in Numble has a single digit, 0 through 9, except for two blanks. A "word" in Numble is a string of digits in sequence (in either direction), except that a zero is allowed at each end, with duplicate digits allowed (except for having more than one zero at either end), and where the sum of the digits is a multiple of 3.
For example, 0,1,1,3,6,7,0 is a valid sequence, as is 7,6,3,1,1. Each tile is worth its digit's value in points.
A blank could be placed anywhere and, unlike in Scrabble, did not count as a particular digit, so the same blank tile could, for example, be between 3 and 4 in a horizontal sequence and between 8 and 9 in a vertical one.
Some other differences from Scrabble are: a rack is six tiles instead of seven; the center square is not a "double word square"; and, playing all six tiles in your rack at once scores a 10-point bonus instead of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="19828407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828407" title="Solothurn ST-5">
Solothurn ST-5

The Solothurn ST-5 is a 20 mm anti-aircraft gun designed by Solothurn in Switzerland which ultimately was the design basis for the highly successful 2 cm FlaK 30 series of guns used by Germany in World War II.
Solothurn was owned by the German firm Rheinmetall, which at the time was prohibited from developing certain weapons. It and other German manufacturers sought partnerships with foreign firms, often owning them outright, in an effort to circumvent the terms of the Versailles Treaty.
The ST-5 fired the 'Long Solothurn' ammunition, the cartridge 20 × 138 mm. B. The shell was 138 mm long, making it the most powerful 20 mm round available. While Germany did not adopt the ST-5, the Kriegsmarine did acquire a version of the weapon for ship-board air defense. The weapon was designated 20 mm C/30 and equipped several German naval vessels during World War II. This weapon was further refined for the other German forces as the 2 cm Flak 30 described separately.

</doc>
<doc id="19828424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828424" title="Darren Eales">
Darren Eales

Darren Eales (born 6 August 1972 in Cambridge, England) is a retired English association football forward who played both collegiately and professionally in the United States. He was a 1995 first team All American and earned his Cambridge Blue in 1998. In July 2010, he was appointed director of football administration at Tottenham Hotspur.
Early life.
Eales grew up in Cambridge, England. As he approached the end of his secondary education, he was faced with the decision of attending University or pursuing a football career. When approached by a scout from an American University offering him the opportunity to both play and attend College, he decided to move to the United States.
Education and college football.
Eales attended Brown University, a member of the Ivy League, playing on the school’s NCAA Division I soccer team from 1991 to 1994. In his final season, he was the Ivy League Player of the Year and a first team All American. He received a first class bachelor’s degree in economics.
Playing career.
U.S. football.
In 1995, Eales signed with the Hampton Roads Mariners of the USISL. He spent two seasons with the Mariners, scoring 24 goals in 19 games in 1995. In 1997, he played five games for the Hershey Wildcats.
English football.
Eales continued to play at the amateur level. In 2001, he joined the Newmarket Town Reserves in the Kershaw League. He later moved to the Lancashire County Football Association where he played for Millhead Reserves from 2004 to 2006 and Higher Poynton from 2006 to 2007.
Professional career.
In 1997, Eales returned to England where he read law at Cambridge, and gained his Cambridge Blue in 1998. He became a member of the bar in 2000 and eventually joined 2 Temple Gardens. On 6 May 2006, he was hired as an in-house legal counsel by West Bromwich Albion. and was subsequently made a Director and Company Secretary.
On 2 March 2010, Tottenham Hotspur announced that Eales was joining them as club secretary at the end of that season. On 1 July 2010, he officially joined the club as Director of Football Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19828426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828426" title="Communauté de communes du Canton de Gournay-en-Bray">
Communauté de communes du Canton de Gournay-en-Bray

The Communauté de communes du Canton de Gournay-en-Bray was created on 31 December 2001 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 18 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19828433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828433" title="Dark Thrones and Black Flags">
Dark Thrones and Black Flags

Dark Thrones and Black Flags is the thirteenth album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone. Released in October 2008, the music largely follows in the style of their previous album, "F.O.A.D." Half of the lyrics and music were written by Nocturno Culto, while the other half were written by Fenriz.

</doc>
<doc id="19828441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828441" title="Giuseppe Antonini">
Giuseppe Antonini

Giuseppe Antonini (2 September 1914 – 29 November 1989) was an Italian footballer, who played as a midfielder, and football manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19828448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828448" title="Farm Hands">
Farm Hands

Farm Hands is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 215th "Our Gang" short (216th episode, 127th talking short, 128th talking episode, and 47th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Moving out of their standard small-town surroundings, the gang visits the farm owned by Mickey's uncle. Here the youngsters attempt to milk a cow by placing two bottles under the udders and hoping that nature takes its course. If this weren't hilarious enough, the kids feed Mexican jumping beans to the chickens, are chased by an ornery mule, and end up stuck in a hay-baling machine.
Note.
This film was on the lower end of mediocrity, though there was some funny material. The criticism was that the film had misfired direction and unconvincing performers. If the film had some of the past gangers like Spanky, Alfalfa, Stymie, Wheezer, and others, it may have been a good film.

</doc>
<doc id="19828466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828466" title="One San Miguel Avenue">
One San Miguel Avenue

The One San Miguel Avenue is an office skyscraper located at San Miguel Avenue (hence the building's name) in Ortigas Center, Pasig City, Philippines. It was completed in 2001 and stands at 183 metres (600.39 feet) from ground up to the architectural top, although if measured with its antennas, it stands at 203 metres (666 feet). It has 54 floors aboveground and 7 basement levels.
Design and location.
The One San Miguel Avenue is the first office tower owned and developed by Amberland Corporation, was designed by Filipino architectural firm Philip H. Recto Architects. Strategically located along San Miguel Avenue corner Shaw Boulevard, it is currently one the highest buildings in Pasig City and in Ortigas Center as a whole, and is quite distinguishable due to its height and location. It is the home of the Manila Broadcasting Company which occupies the top four floors with executive offices, and a transmitter of DZMB and DWYS., and to a branch of international BPO company Sykes and Emerson Electric Company. It is also near numerous office and residential buildings, as well as major shopping malls like SM Megamall, Shangri-La Mall, and St. Francis Square.
The building has eight double-decker elevators.
Amenities.
The building has 6 basement and 5 aboveground floors for parking of tenants and guests, a canteen at the 9th floor 

</doc>
<doc id="19828471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828471" title="Solfernus' Path">
Solfernus' Path

"Solfernus' Path" is the sixth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat, released on August 28, 2009. It was recorded at several studios in Poland. The drums and guitars were recorded at "HH Poland Studio" in Gliwice, while the vocals were tracked at "Maq Studio". The keyboard parts were recorded at Spectre's (Darzamat's keyboard player) home studio. The album was produced by Jonas Kjellgren (Scar Symmetry) and featured a guest appearance by Andy LaRocque (of King Diamond) who played the guitar solo for the song "King of Burning Anthems". La Rocque recorded his part in his own Sonic Train Studios in Varberg. They met when La Rocque produced their previous album "Transkarpatia".
On the events of the Polish band's camp, the band's vocalist Nera comments:
Photo shoots.
A photo shoot for the band, which was taken in Świerklaniec, in Silesia, was done. Another photo shoot, where a 1934 BMW also took part, was also executed.

</doc>
<doc id="19828497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828497" title="Unicorn Kid">
Unicorn Kid

Oliver Sabin, also known as Unicorn Kid is a Scottish electronic music/chip music composer and musician from Edinburgh, educated at Leith Academy. When asked about the name of the act, Sabin states "There’s no real story behind the name, it just kind of came about and fitted in with the fun, magical nature of the music." Sabin has had a number of BBC Radio 1 appearances including an early live session on the Vic Galloway BBC Radio 1 show and a BBC Maida Vale Studios session for Rob da Bank.
History.
Sabin first started writing electronic music when he was 15. By the time he was 16, Sabin started recording under the name “Unicorn Kid”. Emerging in 2007, Unicorn Kid helped spark the brief revival of chiptune, a genre which involves making dance music using the sound chips from old game consoles. This was alongside such performers as Anamanaguchi, RushJet1 and Dubmood.
Early years (2009-2010).
After two self-released EPs, 'Lion Hat' was released in early 2009 on Euphonios, a Scottish-based independent label, followed up by 'Wee Monsters'/'Animal City' (Euphonios 2009).
In mid-2009, Sabin remixed the Pet Shop Boys single "Did You See Me Coming?". The Unicorn Kid mix was released on the 12" vinyl version and as part of the digital bundle. In April 2010, Sabin provided the first remix of the Gorillaz track "Superfast Jellyfish".
"Dream Catcher/Wild Life" (2010-2011).
In 2009, following an appearance at T in the Park and support slots for Calvin Harris, played two official shows at In the City and Sŵn Festival. Unicorn Kid has also supported Pet Shop Boys in Scotland, and in early 2010 supported Hadouken! on their UK tour before performing several shows at SXSW as one of the official Scottish Arts Council representatives. He returned to SXSW in 2011, and featured in a BBC Scotland documentary.
"Tidal Rave" (2011–present).
In August 2011, Unicorn Kid released the three track 'Tidal Rave' EP, with the final track "True Love Fantasy" featuring as 'Hottest Record in the World' on the 25/08/11 Zane Lowe show on BBC Radio 1. It was then featured on the BBC's 'In New Music We Trust' playlist and as 'Record of the Week' by both Nick Grimshaw and Huw Stephens. The track includes vocals from Talk to Animals, with whom Sabin had collaborated on his first release.
Unicorn Kid was the support act for synth-pop musician Owl City on his rescheduled UK and European tour in September/October 2011. In December 2011, Unicorn Kid featured as part of BBC Radio 1's Festive Festival showcasing 2011's rising stars hotly tipped for big things in the New Year.
In April 2012, Sabin released a new track 'Pure Space' for free download just prior to a UK Tour with Major Lazer. The track premiered online on The Fader.
Despite no advertisement or announcement from either Sabin or 3Beat, he released his debut album 'Brain Wash' on iTunes via 3Beat Records on January 27th. It contained 11 tracks, many of which were previously released.
Personal Life.
In an interview with Teen Witch Magazine, Unicorn Kid explained that he has been openly gay since the age of 13. He has "taken a look" at Manroulette.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19828514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828514" title="Little Miss Pinkerton">
Little Miss Pinkerton

Little Miss Pinkerton is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 216th "Our Gang" short (217th episode, 128th talking short, 129th talking episode, and 48th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Synopsis.
The janitor of the Greenpoint department store is murdered during a robbery, while Mickey, Froggy, Buckwheat, and Janet witness the crime. The thieves take the boys hostage, but Janet escapes and heads for the police. Alas, no grownup will believe her story, so Janet enlists the aid of the other gang members to rescue the boys and capture the crooks.
Notes.
This episode is more of a drama than a comedy, considering it has an actual murder in it. Critics say that it would be entertaining if it could be believable. By this time, the series indeed bottomed out and was preparing for an imminent demise. This is the last Our Gang episode directed by Herbert Glazer, who disappeared into obscurity after that. Edward Cahn returns for the next episode, Three Smart Guys, and after that another director takes over, where under his direction, the series finally ends. This was the 3rd MGM Our Gang short to lose money during its initial release. It lost approximately $900 after print and advertising expenses were factored into the budget.

</doc>
<doc id="19828520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828520" title="Ligurian regional election, 2005">
Ligurian regional election, 2005

The Ligurian regional election of 2005 took place on 3-4 April 2005.
Claudio Burlando (Democrats of the Left, then Democratic Party) defeated incumbert Sandro Biasotti (an independent close to Forza Italia).
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19828528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828528" title="Elections in Liguria">
Elections in Liguria

This page gathers the results of elections in Liguria.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 28–29 March 2010, Claudio Burlando (Democratic Party) defeated Sandro Biasotti (The People of Freedom).

</doc>
<doc id="19828536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828536" title="Communauté de communes de Londinières">
Communauté de communes de Londinières

The Communauté de communes de Londinières was created on 11 December 2000 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 17 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19828571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828571" title="Milkmaid (disambiguation)">
Milkmaid (disambiguation)

Historically, a milkmaid was a woman who milked cows and supplied milk.
Milkmaid may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19828573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828573" title="1891–92 Everton F.C. season">
1891–92 Everton F.C. season

Regular Football League First team.
Number of League games in which this eleven was fielded = 1
Other members of the first team squad.
Injury and inconsistency, as well as board room uncertainty cost Everton dearly in their bid to retain the title in 1891/92 as they slipped to fifth place in an expanded League, picking up one point less from four games more.
The boardroom turmoil came in the form of a huge rent increase, which led to this being Everton's final season at Anfield Road, the vast majority of officials, players and spectators moving out to Goodison Park at the end of the season.
On the field the champions had won the title despite not having a regular goalkeeper. Jack Angus was by now dead and Robert Smalley's days in goal were over, leaving the way clear for David Jardine to establish his place with Richard Williams emerging as his understudy.
Another blow to the champions was the loss of both their title winning full backs during the summer, Andrew Hannah having returned to his home town club Renton and club captain Dan Doyle having also been lured to Scotland to play for Celtic. Everton's failure to find adequate replacements would cost them dearly as their goals against tally rose by twenty during their title defence. Several players would be tried in the early stages of the season with only Hannah and Doyle's understudy, Duncan McLean proving a suitable long term replacement. Eventually the problem was eased by the signing in December of Preston's Robert Howarth.
During the summer former Everton right half Bob Kelso returned from Preston, pushing David Kirkwood back out of the side to start the season with a half back line of Kelso-Holt-Campbell but the latter was forced to drop back into the struggling defence after just two games. Among those brought in to fill the vacant position was Hope Robertson who proved strong enough in the role to keep Campbell out for the remainder of the season.
The front line was also changed when Tom Wylie, a bit part player in the title winning season was brought in to replace Alec Brady who left for Celtic. The biggest blow came five games into the season when top goalscorer Fred Geary suffered an injury that kept him out for sixteen games. Alan Maxwell was his replacement but never came close to the goal tally of Geary, even though he was retained at centre forward when Geary returned for the final five games of the season to play alongside at inside right. 
While the lack of a settled goalkeeper, the breakup of the full back partnership and loss of the top goalscorer for sixteen games did have an impact on Everton's title defence it is highly unlikely that they would have mounted a stronger challenge to the impressive new champions, Sunderland. Even if Everton had been one goal better off in every game they would still have only climbed one place to fourth and would still have been six points off retaining their crown. Indeed Everton took just one point of the eventual top three as Sunderland did the double over them to an aggregate of 6–1, third placed Bolton equalled the highest number of goals scored by a visiting team when winning 5–2 on the way to their league double over the toffeemen and runners up Preston hammered them 4–0 at Deepdale, although they were held at Anfield Road. By contrast Everton completed a league double over Aston Villa, who still managed to finish above them in fourth as well as doubles over Notts County and Stoke.
The regular first eleven of 1891/92 did not actually take the field as a team until their trip to Burnley on 13 February 1892 when they were beaten 0–1, although Howarth and Mclean started in each other's preferred full back positions. It was the only occasion in which the most regular eleven took the field, largely due to Howarth's mid season signing and the return of Geary late on forcing Wylie out of the side.
Records.
The following positive or neutral records were set by the 1891–92 Everton team
The following negative records were also set by the team

</doc>
<doc id="19828576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828576" title="Allen (Middlesex cricketer)">
Allen (Middlesex cricketer)

Allen (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Middlesex during the 1750s and 1760s.
Career.
Allen played for All-England against Dartford in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Dartford won the series 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19828581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828581" title="Burchwood (Kent cricketer)">
Burchwood (Kent cricketer)

Burchwood (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Kent during the 1750s and 1760s. It is possible that his real name was William Burchard.
Career.
Burchwood played for All-England against Dartford in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Burchwood and John Frame were noted as "the main bowlers for All-England". Dartford won the series 2–1.
Although named Burchwood by the other main sources, it is possible that he was one William Burchard of Leigh in Kent. In Maun's 1759 notes, he states re the third England v Dartford match that "William Burchard of Leigh (allegedly) played in this match".

</doc>
<doc id="19828583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828583" title="Gerhard Breitenberger">
Gerhard Breitenberger

Gerhard Breitenberger (born 14 October 1954 in Austria) is a former international Austrian footballer.
His son, Gerhard Breitenberger Junior, plays for SK Austria Kärnten

</doc>
<doc id="19828584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828584" title="Cheeseman (Sussex cricketer)">
Cheeseman (Sussex cricketer)

Cheeseman (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex during the 1750s and 1760s.
Career.
Cheeseman played for All-England against Dartford in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Dartford won the series 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19828587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828587" title="William Shay Double House">
William Shay Double House

The William Shay Double House is a residential duplex at Point Street and River Road in New Hamburg, New York, United States. It was built around 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Shay, a local rag and cotton merchant, lived nearby and worked out of an adjacent warehouse. The duplex is a brick building in the Gothic Revival architectural style, unusual for both its scale and amount of decoration for utilitarian worker housing of the period in the area. It is still in use as a rental property.
Building.
The house is a two-story brick building with raised basement. Its gable roof, pierced by two chimneys, is surfaced in asphalt shingles. A steeply-pitched cross-gable runs from east to west; on both elevations it has trefoil detail in the peak and a single rounded-arch window with corbeled stops. The roofline has a wooden cornice decorated with paired brackets and acorn pendants flanking frame panels all around. Star anchor bolts are in the brick all over, and a string course is laid between the lower stories.
On the west elevation is a raised vestibule porch. The double doors are flanked by paired brackets and a brick transom. It is flanked by two one-and-a-half-story brick bays with narrow windows. The rear has a more modern shed-roofed porch.
There are two other buildings on the lot. Shay's Warehouse and Stable is separately listed on the Register and was built prior to the house. A frame one-story flat-roofed clapboard-sided garage was built in the 20th century.
Aesthetics.
Duplexes built on a mirror plan were not unusual in the area at the time; there are some in nearby Wappingers Falls, where they were built mainly to house workers in the village's industries, which included some of the earliest cotton textile mills in New York. It is likely that Shay's business as a ragman took him there, where he would have seen them and decided to undertake a similar project in New Hamburg.
The duplex he built, however, was on a larger scale than similar houses in any nearby community. It also included many ornamental touches, both inside and out, not seen on such houses, showing in some areas a sophistication normally seen on houses of the well-to-do in the region, reaching a Picturesque level. The alternation of panels and paired brackets in the roof, for instance, is identical to one shown in "Villas and Cottages", an 1857 pattern book by Calvert Vaux.

</doc>
<doc id="19828588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828588" title="Nighttime Nightrhymes">
Nighttime Nightrhymes

Nighttime Nightrhymes is the first album by Danish neofolk act Of the Wand & the Moon. It was released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19828589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828589" title="Gascoigne (London cricketer)">
Gascoigne (London cricketer)

Gascoigne (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for London during the 1750s and 1760s.
Career.
Gascoigne played as a given man for Dartford against All-England in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Dartford won the series 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19828591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828591" title="Nyland (Sussex cricketer)">
Nyland (Sussex cricketer)

Nyland (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex during the 1750s and 1760s.
Career.
Nyland played for All-England against Dartford in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Dartford won the series 2-1.
There is a possibility of confusion about his name given its similarity to those of Richard Newland, the most famous Sussex cricketer of the time, and Newland's nephew Richard Nyren, whose career had just begun in the 1750s.

</doc>
<doc id="19828595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828595" title="Saunders (Berkshire cricketer)">
Saunders (Berkshire cricketer)

Saunders (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer from Berkshire who played during the 1750s and 1760s.
Career.
Saunders played for All-England against Dartford in the three first-class matches found in the 1759 sources. Dartford won the series 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19828614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828614" title="Harold Pearson (footballer born 1908)">
Harold Pearson (footballer born 1908)

Harold Frederick Pearson (7 May 1908 – 2 November 1994) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Biography.
Pearson was born in Tamworth. As a youngster he played football for Glascote United, Glascote Methodists, Belgrave YMCA, Belgrave United, Two Gates F.C., Nuneaton Town and Tamworth Castle. He joined West Bromwich Albion as an amateur in April 1925 and turned professional a month later. His father Hubert Pearson was also a goalkeeper and the two were together on Albion's books until Hubert's retirement in May 1926.
Harold Pearson made his debut in December 1927, in a Division Two match against South Shields. In 1930–31 he helped the club to achieve promotion to the First Division and played in the 1931 FA Cup Final, in which Albion beat Birmingham 2–1. In 1932 he earned his only cap for England, marking the occasion with a clean sheet in a 3–0 win over Scotland at Wembley Stadium.
Pearson kept goal in the 1935 FA Cup Final, but this time earned only a runners-up medal as his team lost 4–2 to Sheffield Wednesday. After making 303 appearances for West Bromwich Albion, he joined Millwall for a £300 transfer fee in August 1937. He remained with Millwall until his retirement in 1940, though he did appear as a guest player for West Ham United later in Second World War. 
He died in November 1994 at the age of 86. By then, he was believed to be the oldest surviving former England international.

</doc>
<doc id="19828636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828636" title="GravitySimulator">
GravitySimulator

gravitySimulator is a novel supercomputer that incorporates special-purpose GRAPE hardware to solve the gravitational "n"-body problem. It is housed in the Center for Computational Relativity and Gravitation (CCRG) at the Rochester Institute of Technology. It became operational in 2005. 
The computer consists of 32 nodes, each of which contains a GRAPE-6A board ("mini-GRAPE") in a PCI slot. The GRAPE boards use pipelines to compute pairwise forces between particles at a speed of 130 Gflops. 
The on-board memory of the each GRAPE board can hold data for 128,000 particles, and by combining 32 of them in a cluster, a total of four million particles can be integrated, at sustained speeds of 4Tflops. 
gravitySimulator is used to study the dynamical evolution of galaxies and galactic nuclei.

</doc>
<doc id="19828652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828652" title="Three Smart Guys">
Three Smart Guys

Three Smart Guys is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 217th "Our Gang" short (218th episode, 129th talking short, 130th talking episode, and 49th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
The "three smart guys" in this film are Mickey, Froggy, and Buckwheat. They devise a scheme to play hooky from school and go fishing. They misbehave in class in hopes that the teacher will expel them. But they are forced to stay after school instead. The next morning they decide to just play hooky and go fishing, but upon arriving at the river bank, the kids make the acquaintance of a friendly hobo (Edward Fielding), who advises them that they'll never hook the "fish" of success unless they return to school. Duly chastened, the boys rush off to the schoolhouse just in time for the first bell. All is forgiven.
Notes.
Edward Cahn returned to direct this episode. A new director named Cyril Endfield would take over and under him the series finally ended. This film is a slight but very unfunny reworking of Readin' and Writin', a 1932 Our Gang episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19828653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828653" title="EMD-386,088">
EMD-386,088

EMD-386,088 is an indole derivative which is used in scientific research. It acts as a potent and selective 5-HT6 receptor agonist, with a Ki of 1 nM, a significantly higher affinity than older 5-HT6 agonists such as EMDT, although it possesses moderate affinity for the 5-HT3 receptor as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19828660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828660" title="Peter Persidis">
Peter Persidis

Peter Persidis (8 March 1947 – 21 January 2009) was an international Austrian footballer.
Career.
Persidis started his professional career at First Vienna, than returned to his father's home country in the early 1970s, and went on to win three Greek titles with Olympiacos prior to returning to Vienna in 1975 to play for SK Rapid Wien. A sweeper, and the club's captain from 1978 to 1980, he won the 1981/82 Austrian title with Rapid under Hickersberger.
Coaching career.
He coached VSE St. Pölten. He also later worked as Josef Hickersberger's assistant at Rapid and was briefly the club's caretaker manager. Persidis took over as Under-19 head coach last summer, having previously worked as assistant to Hickersberger at UEFA EURO 2008. However, he was forced to step down soon afterwards after being diagnosed with a serious illness.
Death.
Persidis died in Vienna on 21 January 2009 at the age of 61, with the Austrian Football Association holding a minute's silence in his honour at the national team's friendly against Sweden in Graz on 11 February.

</doc>
<doc id="19828661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828661" title="Radio Bugs">
Radio Bugs

Radio Bugs is a 1944 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Cyril Endfield. It was the 218th "Our Gang" short to be released, and the third to last film in the series.
Plot.
Froggy and his parents enjoy a Red Skelton USO performance over the radio. Learning from his father that comedians make "a lot of money," Froggy decides that he and the gang should become radio comedians. They buy a joke book from a local used bookstore, and crash the lobby of a local dentists' office looking for a sponsor. The gang's horrible jokes and worse singing cause the waiting dental patients pain and distress, leading to their being thrown off the premises.
Returning to the bookstore to look for another joke book, one of the bookstore patrons, a ham actor, convinces the kids to go into Shakespearean drama instead of comedy. Donning appropriate costumes, the gang attempts to audition their "sad and tragic" Shakespearean radio act for another potential sponsor, a funeral home, but the triplet owners of the company fall over themselves laughing at the gang's "dramatic" acting.
On their way home, the crestfallen kids happen upon the host of the "Cantfall Cake Hour" radio show, who is interviewing passersby on the street. Amused by the children's costumes, he decides to ask the kids his interview question for the day: "what do you think is the crying need of radio today?" The gang's reply: "a sponsor!"
Notes.
"Radio Bugs" was the first of the three final "Our Gang" short films. The short marks the debut of director Cyril Endfield, who, like previous MGM "Our Gang" directors George Sidney and Edward Cahn, was assigned to direct "our Gang" before being allowed to move on to directing features. Endfield would later go on to write and direct numerous films, mostly "B" pictures, in America and England.
The three Endfield-directed shorts - "Radio Bugs", "Tale of a Dog", and "Dancing Romeo", were all shot in late 1943, and released within two weeks of each other in April 1944. As with several other "Our Gang" films of this period, "Radio Bugs" lost money upon its original theatrical release. According to financial data prepared by MGM in 1956, "Radio Bugs" cost $22,121 to produce, but lost $4,759 at the box office.
The real Red Skelton provides the voiceover for the radio show Froggy's family enjoys during the first scenes of the film. One of the bit players in this short is Mickey Rooney's father Joe Yule, who portrays one of the pained dental patients.

</doc>
<doc id="19828673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828673" title="Tale of a Dog">
Tale of a Dog

Tale of a Dog is a 1944 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Cyril Endfield. It was the 219th "Our Gang" short to be released, and the penultimate film in the series. "Tale of a Dog" was actually sold to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer not as an "Our Gang" comedy, but as part of its "MGM Miniatures" variety series.
Plot.
Buckwheat finds his friend Big Shot Jones moping about the train yard: it seems that Big Shot's father has ordered him to get rid of his dog. Instead of taking the dog to the pound, Big Shot intends to have him stow away on a train to Alabama. Buckwheat instead talks Big Shot into letting the gang adopt the dog, whom they name "Smallpox" (opting for a more unique name for the spotted dog than "Spot"). However, when Froggy, Mickey, and Janet overhear Buckwheat and Big Shot's plans to "surprise them with S/smallpox," they fear the worst and call all their friends and the Greenpoint Board of Health. A panic grips the small town, with the gang's parents worried about their whereabouts and well-being, and the rest of the neighborhood kids running away from Buckwheat and Big Shot wherever they turn up.
Buckwheat and Big Shot are isolated (a term Buckwheat's mother misunderstands, resulting in her putting her child literally "on ice"), but when a doctor learns from Buckwheat that "Smallpox" refers to a dog, not the disease, the smallpox scare is declared a hoax. The mayor of Greenpoint lectures Froggy, Mickey, and Janet in spreading unsubstantiated rumors and sends them on their way. The gang agrees to adopt Smallpox...but make sure to change his name to "Spotty." Upon hearing the gang promise to feed him, Smallpox/Spotty turns to the camera and (via mouth animation) tells the audience (in a stereotypical southern African American dialect) "My, oh my; that shol' is good news!"
Notes.
"Dancing Romeo", released the same month as "Tale of a Dog", was the last "Our Gang" comedy to be filmed and released. However, pre-production began on "Dancing Romeo" first, making "Tale of a Dog" the final film in the series to go into production. The final three films in the series were all directed by Cyril Endfield in late 1943, and released in April 1944.
"Tale of a Dog" was the only "Our Gang" film completed for the 1943-44 film season. Issuing the short under the "MGM Miniatures" banner resulted in it being the only one of the last five "Our Gang" shorts to make a profit, according to financial data prepared by MGM in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19828675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828675" title="Breda railway station">
Breda railway station

Breda is a railway station in Breda, Netherlands. It is situated on the Breda–Rotterdam railway, the Roosendaal–Breda railway and the Breda–Eindhoven railway. 
History.
The first station was opened on 1 May 1855 as the eastern terminus of the Roosendaal–Breda railway. When the line was extended to Tilburg, a new station was built on the same site in 1863. The station is run by Nederlandse Spoorwegen
From 4th April 2011, the high-speed train Fyra from Amsterdam Centraal stops in Breda.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are directly connected from Breda railway station:
Dordrecht, Rotterdam Centraal, Delft, Den Haag HS, Den Haag Centraal, Utrecht, Amsterdam, Schiphol, Tilburg, 's-Hertogenbosch, Oss, Nijmegen, Arnhem, Deventer, Zwolle, Eindhoven, Helmond, Venlo and Roosendaal.
Train services.
The following services start at Breda:

</doc>
<doc id="19828695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828695" title="City Fallen Leaves">
City Fallen Leaves

City Fallen Leaves is the fifth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.

</doc>
<doc id="19828705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828705" title="EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement">
EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement

The EUR-OPA Major Hazards Agreement is a Partial Agreement of the Council of Europe, set up in 1987 by Resolution (87) 2 of the Committee of Ministers. Its full name is "Co-operation Group for the Prevention of, Protection Against, and Organisation of Relief in Major Natural and Technological Disasters (EUR-OPA)".
Its aims are to develop disaster prediction research, risk management, post-crisis analysis and rehabilitation.
The Agreement supports the development of specialised scientific and technical centres on both sides of the Mediterranean. Many of the research activities are organised through a network of these centres.
It also includes a European Alert System, which is an earthquake disaster alert and rapid response system, run by the Strasbourg secretariat in cooperation with the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre.
Members.
The agreement is known as an "open" agreement, States do not have to be member States of the Council of Europe in order to join. As of September 2011, 23 Council of Europe member States and 3 Non-member States of the Council of Europe are party to the agreement. Several International organisations also participate.
Council of Europe member States party to the EUR-OPA treaty (as of September 2011) are Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, France, Georgia, Greece, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Portugal, Romania, Russia, San Marino, Serbia, Spain, Turkey and Ukraine. Council of Europe non-members party to EUR-OPA are Algeria, Lebanon and Morocco. Participatin international organisations include the European Union, the World Health Organisation, UNOCHA, UNESCO and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Monaco joined the Agreement before they joined the Council of Europe. Italy was a member of the Agreement from 1987 to 2002. Israel was also a member until 1996.
Ministers and correspondents.
The Agreement organises a ministerial session every two or three years, which sets the priorities for activities. The latest of these, the 11th session, took place on 31 October 2006 in Marrakech on the theme "Protecting societies from disasters through preparedness and prevention: a political priority".
A network of permanent correspondents meets regularly between these sessions to coordinate the activities.
The Agreement functions with a small secretariat, based at the Council of Europe headquarters in Strasbourg in the Agora building.
Further reading.
Early Warning Systems for Natural Disaster Reduction (International IDNDR-conference on Early Warning Systems for the Reduction of Natural Disasters, held at the GeoForschungsZentrum in Potsdam, Germany from 7–11 September 1998).Published by Springer, 2003, ISBN 3-540-67962-6, ISBN 978-3-540-67962-2

</doc>
<doc id="19828706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828706" title="Elections in Marche">
Elections in Marche

This page gathers the results of elections in Marche.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 28–29 March 2010, Gian Mario Spacca of the Democratic Party, supported also by the Union of the Centre and Alliance for Italy, defeated by a comfortable margin his centre-right opponent Erminio Marinelli and, thus, secured a second consecutive term as President.

</doc>
<doc id="19828714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828714" title="Franz Oberacher">
Franz Oberacher

Franz Oberacher (born 24 March 1954) is a former international Austrian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19828718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828718" title="Marche regional election, 2005">
Marche regional election, 2005

The Marche regional election of 2005 took place on 3-4 April 2005.
Gian Mario Spacca (Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy, then Democratic Party) defeated Francesco Massi (Union of Christian and Centre Democrats, at the time, now member of The People of Freedom) by a landslide.
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19828737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828737" title="Charlene Tse">
Charlene Tse

Charlene Tse Ning (born October 9, 1963 in Guangzhou, China), also known as Shallin Tse, is a Hong Kong-based Chinese actress and winner of the 1985 Miss Hong Kong Pageant. She has acted in numerous television series produced by Hong Kong's TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="19828747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828747" title="2001 Majorca Open – Singles">
2001 Majorca Open – Singles

Marat Safin was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Alberto Martín won in the final 6–3, 3–6, 6–2 against Guillermo Coria.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19828754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828754" title="The Curse of the Living Corpse">
The Curse of the Living Corpse

The Curse of the Living Corpse is a 1964 low-budget American horror film, written, directed, and produced by Del Tenney. In the film, a series of murders haunt the family of a man who died leaving extensive instructions in his will to avoid his being buried alive. The film marked the feature film debut of actor Roy Scheider. It was originally co-billed with "The Horror of Party Beach" (1964). Both movies were filmed in black-and-white in Stamford, Connecticut by Iselin-Tenney Productions, a short-lived production company the director formed with Alan V. Iselin, the owner of a chain of drive-in theaters.
Plot.
Rufus Sinclair suffers from catalepsy and lives in fear of being prematurely pronounced dead and buried alive. To prevent this he leaves detailed instructions to the family and his staff in case he is believed to be dead. But when he is found seemingly dead one day, his greedy family - eager to claim their inheritance - have him quickly interred. Rufus leaves specific instructions on how to be buried, which are violated by all involved. The family lawyer, while reading the will, lets them all know they will die from what they fear most.
Bruce (Robert Milli), will have his face disfigured. The widow Abigail (Helen Warren) will die by fire; asthmatic and alcoholic son Philip (Roy Scheider) will suffocate; Philip's frustrated wife Vivian (Margot Hartman) will drown; faithful manservant Seth (J. Frank Lucas) will "join me in my tomb"; and nephew- and-all-around-nice-guy James (Robert Benson) will lose that which is most dear to him - obviously, his pretty wife, Deborah.
After Abigail reveals she left a diamond broach on his coffin, Bruce, needing the money, and Family maid and lover Lettie recover it, though Bruce is perturbed to find it on the floor. He leaves Lettie at the crypt, saying they need to return separately and against her wishes, and she is beheaded by a masked killer, seemingly Rufus returned from the grave. He leaves the head to be discovered by Bruce and others on a dinner tray, and vows to stop Rufus while forcing Vivian to help him.
Bruce is later maimed in the face by the masked killer, who then drags him to his death behind a horse. Vivian reveals that Lettie was murdered, and Seth tells the remaining family members that Bruce's corpse is at the stable. Phillip finds Abigail's diamond pin on Bruce's body, and Abigail runs away in tears. The family lawyer sends Robert into town for the police. Phillip is named the new family patriarch now that Bruce is dead, and vows to do his best. Abigail, distraught, says she's glad Rufus is alive so he can pay for the two murders. Seth feels he's in the clear, until Phillip reminds Seth that he violated the terms of the will, and is "One of them, now."
The police arrive, and Phillip informs him that the family believes he was buried alive. The lawyer agrees, and says that Rufus will now be totally insane. Phillip and the rest of the family give the police Rufus' description, and the police vow to find him. After Abigail has a panic attack, Phillip stays with her on her request, but then ducks out to get a drink, which he shares with one of the policemen. They get drunk, and Phillip tells him she has a morbid dislike of fire. The masked figure later enters Abigail's room, chloroforms her, binds her to the bed, and sets her aflame. The family is unable to save her. The men then search with dogs, leaving Vivian and Deborah at the house.
Seth enters the crypt, apologizing for failing in his task of lighting the torches. He attempts to do so, and is murdered when the figure pulls a sword from the cane, fulfilling the will's threat he would die in the crypt. Meanwhile, Deborah convinces Vivian that they should dress up for Phillip and Robert. Phillip and Robert wander from the search party, and Robert finds Seth's corpse.
The masked killer knocks out the policeman on guard and then strangles Vivian while she's bathing. Deborah walks in and the masked killer drags her away to the bog. Robert chases after them. The killer is revealed to be Phillip, upset with his treatment by his father and the rest of the family, the forgotten child. Phillip says he did not wish to kill her but must now. Robert arrives and the two fight. Robert gains the upper hand and Phillip sinks into the bog, dying as the will foretold.
Robert and Deborah leave happily, and the two policemen decide to share Phillip's remaining booze, while lamenting over his ability to commit all the murders. They discover that the alcohol was merely tea, and that Phillip wasn't an alcoholic at all, just playing one so he could get away with the crimes.
Production.
The film was shot in Stamford, Connecticut. Robert Verberkmoss served as art director.

</doc>
<doc id="19828782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828782" title="List of Major League Baseball players with a career .330 batting average">
List of Major League Baseball players with a career .330 batting average

A baseball player's batting average (BA) statistic is calculated by dividing the number of hits by the number of at bats. In Major League Baseball (MLB), a .330 career batting average is relatively rare; only 30 players in MLB history have batted .330 for their careers, with a minimum of 3,000 plate appearances. All but three finished their careers before 1946. There have been 205 players who batted at least .300. Baseball historians consider .330 to be an outstanding batting average.
The fielding positions represented on the list are outfielders, first basemen, second basemen, and third basemen; there are no catchers or shortstops with a .330 BA. Outfielder Ty Cobb, whose career ended in 1928, has the highest batting average in MLB history. He batted .366 over 24 seasons, mostly with the Detroit Tigers. In addition, he won a record 11 batting titles for leading the American League in BA over the course of an entire season. He batted over .360 in 11 consecutive seasons from 1909 to 1919. Rogers Hornsby has the second highest BA of all-time, at .358. He won seven batting titles in the National League (NL) and has the highest NL average in a single season since 1900, when he batted .424 in 1924. He batted over .370 in six consecutive seasons.
Shoeless Joe Jackson is the only other player to finish his career with a .350 batting average. He batted .356 over 13 seasons before he was permanently suspended from organized baseball in 1921 for his role in the Black Sox Scandal. Lefty O'Doul first came to the major leagues as a pitcher, but after developing a sore arm, he converted to an outfielder and won two batting titles. The fifth player on the list, and the last with at least a .345 BA, is Ed Delahanty. Delahanty's career was cut short when he fell into the Niagara Falls and died during the 1903 season.
The last player to bat .400 in a season, Ted Williams, ranks eighth on the all-time career BA list. Babe Ruth is widely considered to be the greatest player in baseball history, and he hit for a career .342 average and is tenth on the list. There are no active MLB players with a .330 career BA. Joe Mauer holds the highest career batting average among active players, having batted .322 over 10 seasons. Tony Gwynn, who retired after the 2001 season, was the last active player on the list. Of the 30 players who have batted .330, 23 have been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19828798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828798" title="Österreich (surname)">
Österreich (surname)

Österreich or Oesterreich is the German name for "Austria" (literally "eastern kingdom") and may also be a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19828799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828799" title="Joanna Mirek">
Joanna Mirek

Joanna Mirek, née Podoba (born February 17, 1977 in Myślenice) is a Polish volleyball player. She has won the European Championship twice in 2003 and 2005.
For her sport achievements, she received: <br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19828802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828802" title="Deventer railway station">
Deventer railway station

Deventer is a railway station in Deventer, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 5 August 1865 and is on the Apeldoorn–Deventer railway, Deventer–Almelo railway and the Arnhem–Leeuwarden railway.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Deventer:
From this date Deventer will no longer have a direct connection with Rotterdam on weekdays; a change of trains is required in Utrecht.
Bus services.
There is a small bus station next to the station. Many town services stop there as well as regional bus services. All services are operated by Syntus.

</doc>
<doc id="19828840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828840" title="Péter Kollár">
Péter Kollár

Péter Kollár Slovene "Peter Kolar" (18 June 1855 – 31 December 1908) Hungarian Slovenian Roman Catholic priest and writer.
Born in Ratkovci (Prekmurje), his parents were Péter Kollár and Judit Zselezen. He was consecrated in 13 July 1882. He was chaplain in Črenšovci until 1885 later parish clerk in Bogojina. In 1885-1887 he was chaplain in Murska Sobota, after that he spent one year in Beltinci, one year in Turnišče. By 1900 he became priest of Beltinci.
In 1897 wrote a biblical coursebook in Slovenian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19828845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828845" title="Giorgio Bocca">
Giorgio Bocca

Giorgio Valentino Bocca (28 August 1920 – 25 December 2011) was an Italian essayist and journalist, also known for his participation in the World War II partisan movement.
Biography.
Bocca was born in Cuneo, Piedmont, the son of teachers, and studied law. He fought in the Alpini corps during World War II, and befriended Benedetto Dalmastro and Duccio Galimberti. Together with them, after the Armistice with Italy (September 1943), he joined the partisan organization called Giustizia e Libertà, becoming the commander of its 10th Division, fighting together with US and British Armies against the nazi-fascists.
Having begun his press career in Cuneo, Bocca wrote for Giustizia and Libertà's magazine during the post-war period. Later, he worked for the "Gazzetta del Popolo", "L'Europeo" and "Il Giorno", analyzing Italian culture and politics. In 1971 he was amongst those who signed a document issued by the magazine "L'Espresso" against police chief Luigi Calabresi after the death of the anarchist Giuseppe Pinelli, soon after killed by a terrorist group of far left named Lotta Continua. Five years later, Bocca was among the founders of the daily "La Repubblica", with which he thenceforth collaborated.
He also wrote several books, in most of which he denounces the social and political problems of Italy. He has repeatedly taken a critical stance against globalization, the foreign policy of U.S. oil corporations and the rise of right-wing political parties allied with Forza Italia led by Silvio Berlusconi.
Bocca died in Milan on 25 December 2011.
Controversy.
Most conservative critics of Bocca noted that in his major opus, "History of the Resistance", a large research on Italy's Partisan movement, he failed to mention some crucial facts such as the Osoppo accident (in which the catholic brigade Osoppo was accused of cooperating with the fascist in Yugoslavia and executed by communist).

</doc>
<doc id="19828880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828880" title="Réalistes">
Réalistes

Réalistes is the fourth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.

</doc>
<doc id="19828883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828883" title="SB-258,585">
SB-258,585

SB-258,585 is a drug which is used in scientific research. It acts as a potent, selective and orally active 5-HT6 receptor antagonist, with a Ki of 8.9nM. It is used in its 125I radiolabelled form to map the distribution of 5-HT6 receptors in the brain.
SB-258,585 and other 5-HT6 antagonists show nootropic effects in animal studies, as well as antidepressant and anxiolytic effects, and have been proposed as potential novel treatments for cognitive disorders such as schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19828887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828887" title="Valle Grana">
Valle Grana

The Valle Grana is a valley in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont, northern Italy.
Etymology.
The valley takes it name form the Grana stream, a left-hand tributary of the Maira which flows through the valley.
Geography.
It is located between the Val Maira from the north and the Valle Stura di Demonte on the south. Starting from Caraglio, in the plain, it has a length of some 24 km until the Colle Fauniera (also known as "Colle dei Morti"), at 2,511 m.
Other "comuni" in the valley include Valgrana, Monterosso Grana, Pradleves and Castelmagno. In the latter's territory is the Sanctuary of San Magno, a notable religious building at 1,761 m of altitude. The highest peak is the Monte Tibert (2,647 m).
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19828895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828895" title="Guy Sénac">
Guy Sénac

Guy Sénac (born 13 March 1932 is a French former football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19828934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828934" title="Catch Me if You Can (book)">
Catch Me if You Can (book)

Catch Me if You Can is the autobiography of Frank Abagnale, a former con artist who, as a young man, cashed $2.5 million worth of bad checks while impersonating a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, a teacher, and an attorney. The book is co-written by Stan Redding, and was adapted into a 2002 film of the same name by director Steven Spielberg, starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Abagnale and Tom Hanks as the FBI agent who pursued him.
Plot summary.
The book details the life of Frank Abagnale, who was one of the most famous con-artists in the 20th century. It is written in the first person and describes how he cashed $2.5 million worth of bad checks. He assumed various jobs, such as pretending to be a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, a teacher, and an attorney. Abagnale was eventually caught by the FBI Agents, who had been chasing him the whole way, while living in France and then served approximately five years in prison - six months in France, six months in Sweden, and four years in the United States. The book ends with an epilogue telling the story of Frank Abagnale's final capture and the story of his rehabilitation which resulted in the creation of his security firm.
In order to promote the movie, the book was released again in 2002, however the epilogue was removed and this edition of the book ends with Abagnale running away from the FBI.
Movie adaptation.
The 2002 film "Catch Me if You Can", directed by award-winning director Steven Spielberg, stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Abagnale and Tom Hanks as Hanratty. The film is based upon his life and the autobiography and is mainly true to the source as Abagnale was a consultant to the writers but some of the details were changed to create a more dramatic narrative for film.
Musical adaptation.
Abagnale's life has most recently been adapted into a new musical of the same name, which arrived on Broadway (First preview: March 11; Opening night: April 10, 2011) at the Neil Simon Theatre. The show stars Aaron Tveit, Norbert Leo Butz, Tom Wopat and Kerry Butler. Butz won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical at the 2011 Tony Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19828949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828949" title="Pierre Grillet">
Pierre Grillet

Pierre Grillet (born 21 March 1932) is a French former football striker.

</doc>
<doc id="19828966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828966" title="Anita Baker discography">
Anita Baker discography

This discography documents the releases of albums and singles by Anita Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="19828970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828970" title="2002 Majorca Open – Singles">
2002 Majorca Open – Singles

In the Singles of the 2002 Majorca Open Alberto Martín was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Gastón Gaudio won in the final 6–2, 6–3 against Jarkko Nieminen.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19828981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828981" title="Colle Fauniera">
Colle Fauniera

The Colle Fauniera (also known as Colle dei Morti, "Hill of the Dead") is a mountain pass in the Cottian Alps, Piedmont, northern Italy, located at a 2,480+ m of altitude.
It is part of the communal territory of Castelmagno and Demonte.
It connects the Valle Grana, which ends here, with the Vallone dell'Arma (a lateral of the Valle Stura di Demonte). The name "Colle dei Morti" stems from a fierce fighting occurred in the nearby during the 17th century between Franco-Spanish and Piedmontese troops.

</doc>
<doc id="19828995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828995" title="Górki, Białobrzegi County">
Górki, Białobrzegi County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19828996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828996" title="Sherif Arafa">
Sherif Arafa

Sherif Arafa is an Egyptian director, writer and producer. He was born on December 25, 1960 and graduated from the Higher Institute of Cinema in 1982. Both his father, Saad Arafa, and his older brother, Amr Arafa, are directors.
Sharif Arafa participated in the making of many of the movies in the history of Egyptian cinema, such as "Birds of the Dark", "The Mafia", and Halim.
He directed the 2010 film "Escaping Tel Aviv" (Walad Ela' Am) starring Moslem Salwa, (Mona Zaki) who marries Ezzat (Sherif Mounir) and has two children, a boy and a girl. Ezzat, who turns out to be a Mossad spy, abducts her and the children and takes them from Egypt to Israel. She cooperates with the Egyptian secret service, who promises to help her escape with the children back to Egypt in exchange for agreeing to spy on her husband.
Arafa worked with big stars such as Soad Hosny and Ahmad Zaki and also many unknown faces to the film world such as Alaa Mohamed Heneidy, Mona Zaki, Mohamed Nour, Mohamed Saad, Ahmed Helmy, Haitham Ahmed Zaki, and many others. He produced several movies and television works such as Halim, Tamer we shawkeya and "Lahazat Harega" ""Critical moments"".
Awards.
He received many awards during his career such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19828997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828997" title="Grzmiąca, Białobrzegi County">
Grzmiąca, Białobrzegi County

Grzmiąca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19828998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828998" title="Jabłonna, Białobrzegi County">
Jabłonna, Białobrzegi County

Jabłonna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19828999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19828999" title="Jeruzal, Białobrzegi County">
Jeruzal, Białobrzegi County

Jeruzal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829001" title="Kiedrzyn, Białobrzegi County">
Kiedrzyn, Białobrzegi County

Kiedrzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829003" title="Klamy">
Klamy

Klamy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829004" title="Korzeń, Masovian Voivodeship">
Korzeń, Masovian Voivodeship

Korzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829005" title="Diana Sorbello">
Diana Sorbello

Diana Sorbello (born June 27, 1979 in Bocholt, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German schlager singer.
Biography.
Diana Sorbello studied sociology, pedagogy and civil rights at the University of Münster from 1998 till 2003. 
Music career.
She was "discovered" by a member of the German pop group Wind in 1996. The next year she made her first record contract with Koch International as "Diana". Her debut song was titled "Ich will zurück zu dir". Diana Sorbello's debut album "Bittersüß" ("Bittersweet") was released in 2006. The opening track "Ich fange nie mehr was an einem Sonntag an" is a cover version of the 1970s hit originally sung by the Swiss schlager singer Monica Morell. That same year, the soccer anthem "Wir schwenken die Fahnen (Schwarz Rot Gold)", was also released. It is a cover version of the Slade hit "My Oh My". In 2008, Diana Sorbello covered the 1980s hit "Sarà perché ti amo", originally interpreted by the Italian pop music group Ricchi e Poveri. The German version is titled "Das ist, weil ich dich liebe".
Since 2001, Diana Sorbello has had about 30–40 live performances annually at various festivities. Her shows - usually about 20–30 minutes long - comprise her own songs as well as famous pop classics.
Designer career.
In 2006, Sorbello designed a fashion collection called "Fußball-Fan-Kollektion" for the German firm KiK. The collection includes the so called "Fußball-Bikini", "Soccer-bikini".

</doc>
<doc id="19829006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829006" title="Kostrzyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kostrzyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Kostrzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829008" title="Kozłów, Gmina Wyśmierzyce">
Kozłów, Gmina Wyśmierzyce

Kozłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829011" title="Kożuchów (disambiguation)">
Kożuchów (disambiguation)

Kożuchów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829012" title="Kożuchów, Białobrzegi County">
Kożuchów, Białobrzegi County

Kożuchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829014" title="Olszowe, Masovian Voivodeship">
Olszowe, Masovian Voivodeship

Olszowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829016" title="Paprotno">
Paprotno

Paprotno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829017" title="Paprotno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Paprotno, Masovian Voivodeship

Paprotno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829019" title="Redlin">
Redlin

Redlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829020" title="Romanów, Białobrzegi County">
Romanów, Białobrzegi County

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829022" title="Ulaski Grzmiąckie">
Ulaski Grzmiąckie

Ulaski Grzmiąckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829023" title="Ulaski Stamirowskie">
Ulaski Stamirowskie

Ulaski Stamirowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829024" title="Witaszyn">
Witaszyn

Witaszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wyśmierzyce, south-west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829026" title="Wólka Kożuchowska">
Wólka Kożuchowska

Wólka Kożuchowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately northeast of Wyśmierzyce, west of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829031" title="List of Polish cardinals">
List of Polish cardinals

This is a list of Polish cardinals. It includes all ethnic Poles, living and deceased, who were elevated to cardinalate by popes of the Roman Catholic Church. Cardinals are senior officials of the Church who collectively form the College of Cardinals, a body that elects and advises the supreme pontiff.
This list includes cardinals who were born or carried out their pastoral services outside Poland, such as Cardinal Kazimierz Świątek who was born in Estonia and worked as a bishop in Belarus. People of other ethnic origins who were naturalized in Poland, such as the 17th-century Hungarian-born Cardinal Báthory Endre, are not included.
Three of the Polish cardinals, namely Fryderyk Jagiellończyk, Jan Olbracht Waza and Jan Kazimierz Waza, were of royal blood. The latter was elected king of Poland after he had renounced his cardinalate. Karol Wojtyła was the only Polish cardinal to be elected pope. As Pope John Paul II, he elevated ten of his compatriots to cardinalate, the largest number of Polish cardinals created by a single pope.
Roughly one out of two Polish cardinals was a bishop of one of Poland's historically two most important episcopal sees: Gniezno, the capital city of Poland until 1034, and Kraków, Poland's capital from 1038 to 1596. All bishops of Kraków since 1890, as well as all primates of Poland (an honorific title traditionally bestowed on the archbishop of Gniezno), since 1919 have been created cardinals.
Cardinals are sorted in chronological order by date of elevation to cardinalate, indicated in the "Elevated" column. Cardinals elevated during the same century are marked by the same color on the bar on the left-hand side of the table. The date of elevation is the date of the consistory during which a given person was officially proclaimed cardinal by the pope. In some cases, especially in former times, a cardinal may have received the red hat after the consistory or never. Those, whose elevation was intended by a pope, but died before the consistory, as well as pseudocardinals elevated by antipopes, are listed in "italics".
Two of the cardinals listed here, Jan Olbracht Waza and Marian Jaworski, were elevated "in pectore", which means that their names were kept secret by the pope and revealed only on later consistories. In these cases, the date of elevation is the date of the "in pectore" elevation, not the date of the subsequent publication. 
Cardinals are technically deacons or priests of Roman churches known as "tituli". Their ranks (cardinal deacon or cardinal priest; there have been no cardinal bishops of Polish origin) and titular churches are indicated in the "Cardinal title" column. The "Other titles" column shows other, especially episcopal, titles held by the given person during his cardinalate.
The "Conclaves" column lists all conclaves, that is papal elections, that took place during a person's cardinalate and indicates whether he participated in a given conclave or not. Since 1970, cardinals who are 80 years or older at the beginning of a conclave are ineligible to participate.
The "Ref." column provides links to external online references.
Polish cardinals eligible for participation in a conclave.
, four of the living Polish cardinals listed above are less than 80 years old and hence eligible to participate in a papal conclave. They are listed below by date of birth.

</doc>
<doc id="19829035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829035" title="Baby, Masovian Voivodeship">
Baby, Masovian Voivodeship

Baby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829036" title="Baraki Chotumskie">
Baraki Chotumskie

Baraki Chotumskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829039" title="Bardonki">
Bardonki

Bardonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829040" title="Chotum">
Chotum

Chotum is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 3.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829042" title="Chruszczewo">
Chruszczewo

Chruszczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829043" title="Gąski, Ciechanów County">
Gąski, Ciechanów County

Gąski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829044" title="Gołoty, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gołoty, Masovian Voivodeship

Gołoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 32.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829045" title="Aage Foss">
Aage Foss

Aage Foss (18 May 1885 – 8 February 1952) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 29 films between 1933 and 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19829047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829047" title="Gorysze">
Gorysze

Gorysze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829049" title="Grędzice, Ciechanów County">
Grędzice, Ciechanów County

Grędzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829050" title="Gumowo">
Gumowo

Gumowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829052" title="Gumowo, Ciechanów County">
Gumowo, Ciechanów County

Gumowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829053" title="Kanigówek">
Kanigówek

Kanigówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829056" title="Kargoszyn">
Kargoszyn

Kargoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829057" title="Kownaty Żędowe">
Kownaty Żędowe

Kownaty Żędowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829058" title="Mieszki Wielkie">
Mieszki Wielkie

Mieszki Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829059" title="Mieszki-Atle">
Mieszki-Atle

Mieszki-Atle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829060" title="Mieszki-Bardony">
Mieszki-Bardony

Mieszki-Bardony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829062" title="Mieszki-Różki">
Mieszki-Różki

Mieszki-Różki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829063" title="Modełka">
Modełka

Modełka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829066" title="Modła, Ciechanów County">
Modła, Ciechanów County

Modła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829067" title="Niechodzin">
Niechodzin

Niechodzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829068" title="Niestum">
Niestum

Niestum is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829069" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Ciechanów">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Ciechanów

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829071" title="Nużewko">
Nużewko

Nużewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829072" title="Nużewo">
Nużewo

Nużewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829075" title="Pęchcin">
Pęchcin

Pęchcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829077" title="Pieńki Niechodzkie">
Pieńki Niechodzkie

Pieńki Niechodzkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829078" title="SM Aura Premier">
SM Aura Premier

SM Aura Premier is a shopping mall located along McKinley Parkway and C5 Road cor. 26th St., Bonifacio Global City, Metro Manila, Philippines, owned by SM Prime Holdings, the country's largest mall developer. It is the 13th SM Supermall in Metro Manila and 47th SM Prime mall in the Philippines. The shopping center is situated near its rival mall Market! Market!, owned by Ayala Malls, a real estate subsidiary of Ayala Land, and affiliate of Ayala Corporation. It is designed by EDGE Interior Designers and Arquitectonica. The SM Aura name is derived from the two elements gold (which has the chemical symbol Au) and radium. According to SM Prime putting them together defines “luxury and elegance that emanates from within.”
Mall features.
The development includes the SkyPark, a multi-level green roof which apart from its environmental advantages, also provides a much needed green and communal space in Metro Manila’s dense cityscape. It will contain al fresco bars & restaurants, sculpture and botanical gardens, a 1,000-seat performance hall which will be called Samsung Hall and the 250-seat Chapel of San Pedro Calungsod.
Aside from shops and F&B outlets, the mall will also include as its anchor tenants The SM Store and SM Supermarket, SMX Convention Center, Food on Four, 2 regular Cinemas, 2 Director’s Club facilities and an IMAX Theater. Designed by Miami-based architectural firm Arquitectonica, the structure will be a basic “dumbbell” arrangement determined by the narrow site, with the main entry at the north corner, and the office tower located at the southern end. The main vehicular drop-off is provided on the western side, with taxi stations on the first basement, accessed from the lower, eastern road.
The mall had its inaugural blessing on May 16, 2013, a day before the grand opening. Numerous celebrities, government officials including Senator Alan Peter Cayetano, Taguig City Mayor Lani Cayetano, company officials, and VIP guests graced the blessing, including SM Prime's Henry Sy and Hans Sy. Hollywood celebrity Sarah Jessica Parker also graced the blessing. She also cut the ribbon for The SM Store, as well as being the newest endorser for their "Love to Shop" campaign.
Planning.
SM Prime Holdings is at the forefront of sustainable design and energy efficiency; actively taking bold steps towards a cleaner and better environment for the future.
SM Prime’s latest shopping mall offering, SM Aura Premier, is designed to stand out from the neighboring buildings not only through visual aesthetics, but also with well-designed architectural and operational highlights for the enjoyment and convenience of customers, tenants, and employees alike.

</doc>
<doc id="19829079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829079" title="Przążewo">
Przążewo

Przążewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829080" title="Romanowo, Ciechanów County">
Romanowo, Ciechanów County

Romanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829082" title="Ashton Gate railway station">
Ashton Gate railway station

Ashton Gate railway station was a railway station serving the Ashton Gate area of Bristol, England, which included Ashton Gate football ground, the home ground of Bristol City F.C.. It was located on the Portishead Railway.
History.
Opened by the Great Western Railway, the station closed due to economies during the First World War. It then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board in 1964, then briefly reopened for traffic to the football ground until 1977, and temporarily re-opened in May 1984 to serve Mission England, a series of evangelical rallies by Billy Graham at the football ground.
The site today.
The line through the former station still exists but in spite of attempts at passenger re-opening carries only freight for the Royal Portbury Dock.
Future.
The Portishead Branch Line through Ashton Gate is due to be reopened as part of the Greater Bristol Metro, a rail transport plan which aims to enhance transport capacity in the Bristol area. The scheme could see the reopening of Ashton Gate, with an aspiration of two trains per hour in peak periods.

</doc>
<doc id="19829083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829083" title="Ropele">
Ropele

Ropele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829084" title="Rutki-Begny">
Rutki-Begny

Rutki-Begny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19829085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829085" title="Rutki-Borki">
Rutki-Borki

Rutki-Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829086" title="Rutki-Bronisze">
Rutki-Bronisze

Rutki-Bronisze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829087" title="Rutki-Głowice">
Rutki-Głowice

Rutki-Głowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829089" title="Rutki-Krupy">
Rutki-Krupy

Rutki-Krupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829091" title="Rutki-Marszewice">
Rutki-Marszewice

Rutki-Marszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829093" title="Rutki-Szczepanki">
Rutki-Szczepanki

Rutki-Szczepanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829098" title="Rydzewo, Ciechanów County">
Rydzewo, Ciechanów County

Rydzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829099" title="Rykaczewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rykaczewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Rykaczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829101" title="Rzeczki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rzeczki, Masovian Voivodeship

Rzeczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829103" title="Ujazdówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ujazdówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Ujazdówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829106" title="Ujazdowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ujazdowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Ujazdowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829109" title="Wola Pawłowska, Ciechanów County">
Wola Pawłowska, Ciechanów County

Wola Pawłowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ciechanów and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829110" title="Wólka Rydzewska">
Wólka Rydzewska

Wólka Rydzewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829116" title="Bielawy, Ciechanów County">
Bielawy, Ciechanów County

Bielawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829118" title="Brody Młockie">
Brody Młockie

Brody Młockie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829119" title="Budy Rumockie">
Budy Rumockie

Budy Rumockie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829120" title="Dreglin">
Dreglin

Dreglin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829122" title="Dukt">
Dukt

Dukt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829124" title="Działy, Ciechanów County">
Działy, Ciechanów County

Działy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829125" title="Philippe Haïm">
Philippe Haïm

Philippe Haïm (born 2 September 1967, in Paris) is a French film director, writer and composer. He sometimes is also actor, as in "Comme un poisson hors de l'eau" (1999).

</doc>
<doc id="19829127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829127" title="Faustynowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Faustynowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Faustynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829129" title="Gałczyn">
Gałczyn

Gałczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829132" title="Huta, Ciechanów County">
Huta, Ciechanów County

Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829133" title="Janowo, Ciechanów County">
Janowo, Ciechanów County

Janowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829134" title="Juliszewo">
Juliszewo

Juliszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829136" title="Kamionka, Ciechanów County">
Kamionka, Ciechanów County

Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829138" title="Kondrajec Pański">
Kondrajec Pański

Kondrajec Pański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829141" title="Kondrajec Szlachecki">
Kondrajec Szlachecki

Kondrajec Szlachecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829142" title="Kowalewko, Ciechanów County">
Kowalewko, Ciechanów County

Kowalewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829143" title="Krusz">
Krusz

Krusz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829145" title="Lipiny, Ciechanów County">
Lipiny, Ciechanów County

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829146" title="British Tamils Forum">
British Tamils Forum

The British Tamils Forum (BTF, established 2006) is an umbrella organization of a number of Tamil diaspora organizations in the United Kingdom formed to highlight the humanitarian crises and human rights condition of Sri Lankan Tamils in Sri Lanka. The forum is a movement to establish historical Tamil Eelam, comprising the Northern and Eastern Province, including the seat of the traditional former Jaffna Kingdom, as an independent state. On its official website the forum states its aim as being to "highlight the humanitarian crises and human rights violations perpetrated by the Government of Sri Lanka (GOSL), and to advance the Tamil national cause through democratic means." The forum has garnered recognition and appraisal from several prominent figures in public life during its tenure. Mass rallys and exhibitions in London have been organised by the group, condemning alleged human rights abuses in Sri Lanka and voicing strong support for self-determination in the proposed state of Tamil Eelam.
A senior member, Sen Kandiah, delivered a keynote speech at the 2008 Labour Party Conference condemning 60 years of oppression by successive governments against Tamils in Sri Lanka.
Recent activity.
Boycott call.
In January 2008, the Forum called for a boycott of Sri Lankan Airlines as well as other trade and travel sanctions, in protest at the Government of Sri Lanka's withdrawal from a ceasefire with the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, after both sides had violated the agreement numerous times after LTTE instigation. Ivan Pedropillai of the forum stated that "£12m in foreign currency earned annually by the airline was being used to reinforce the government's war chest." The Forum organised a meeting chaired by MP Keith Vaz who compared the Tamil plight to the Rwandan genocide, Darfur killings and Bosnian ethnic cleansing. BTF spokesman Suren Surendiran surmised that the international community had continually pursued a double standard in its approach to conflict resolution in Sri Lanka compared to in states such as Zimbabwe, stating that the Sri Lankan government was "abusing the Tamils’ fundamental human rights and killing innocent Tamil civilians with the aid and assistance from the international community."
2008 photo exhibition in UK Parliament.
On 16 July 2008, the BTF displayed a photo exhibition, sponsored by the All Party Parliamentary Group for Tamils (APPGT), which was held in the British Houses of Parliament premises on the anniversary of the Black July pogrom, and marked 50 years since the 1958 riots on the island. Photos depicted political figures according to BTF responsible for structural and physical violence in the North-East since Ceylon's independence from Britain as well as victims of the Sri Lankan civil war. The event was attended by MPs of all partys, Members of the House of Lords, Former Cabinet Ministers, Mayors, Councillors, University students, and representatives of international & UK organisations.
Attendees included three MPs of the Tamil National Alliance - Ms Padmini Sithamparanathan MP,
Jayananthamoorthi MP and Gagendran MP, a representative of the Sri Lankan High Commissioner in London, Labour Party MPs Joan Ryan MP, Virendra Sharma MP, Keith Vaz MP, Andy Love MP and Lord Waddington QC of the Conservative Party. It was hailed by Neil Gerrard MP as "making a clear case for self-determination" and as a final note, Barry Gardiner MP wrote of the exhibition "We Build a Nation."
Ken Livingstone meeting.
Whilst campaigning for a renewed term as London Mayor, Ken Livingstone MP sought the backing of the BTF in Harrow during a meeting. According to a column by Andrew Gilligan, Livingstone was accused by the Sri Lankan High Commission and Gilligan as speaking to "a front of the terror group LTTE." The BTF rejected the allegation. Gilligan has been noted by Livingstone to have led a sustained partisan campaign against the former mayor during his time in office. At the meeting, co-organised with councillor Thaya Iddaikadar and local Harrow Tamilians, Livingstone stated of the claim "the Metropolitan Police came under and where there was a legitimate request for a legitimate event his office would always be supportive." Livingstone also gave the forum his "personal commitment" that he would support its candlelit vigil in Trafalgar Square in July 2008 to mark the 25th anniversary of "Black July."
Rallies.
Annual political rallies are organised by the BTF and in June, July, September and October 2008, the forum organised and participated in several public demonstrations in London. It worked in union with the NSSP, the TYO (Tamil Youth Organisation), S4P (Solidarity for Peace), Socialist Resistance, the Socialist Party, International Socialist Group and South Asia Solidarity Group in condemning Mahinda Rajapakse's visit to London, and supported the right to self determination of the Tamil people in "Tamil Eelam." All Party debates in UK Parliament have highlighted gatherings organised by the BTF and the issues the forum has raised.
Recent statements.
In the wake of a return to full-scale hostilities in 2008 on the island, with Tamil civilians moving further into rebel areas amid army offensives and increasing international concern on the plight of civilians caught in Sri Lanka's conflict, the BTF released a statement, responding to an assertion by Lord Malloch Brown that "the LTTE should allow free movement of civilians", accusing the Sri Lankan Government of deliberately
""restricting free movement of civilians within and out of Jaffna Peninsula, where the Sinhala army is an occupying force."" Its statement went on to note how ""degrading restrictions laid on the Tamil community living in and around Colombo, restrictions placed on journalists to travel around Sri Lanka to report on current security situations and human rights violations and the inhuman treatment of IDPs by restricting their mobility, by placing them in 'detention centres' (e.g. in Mannar) in contravention of humanitarian practices, human rights laws, U.N. Charters and Geneva Conventions."" The forum has criticized British authorities for not condemning the Sri Lankan Government's human rights violations.
2009 London Protest.
On 31 January 2009, up to 100,000 people marched through London on a BTF co-organised demonstration, protesting the deaths of hundreds of Tamils in Sri Lankan army attacks and demanding a permanent ceasefire. Protesters carried large flags of red and yellow – the Tamil national colours – and banners condemning the genocide of Tamils by the Sri Lankan state, expressing their support for an independent Tamil Eelam.
Passing peacefully for one of its size, with three MPs, Keith Vaz MP, Simon Hughes MP and Andrew Pelling MP joining the protest, Vaz stated that in his 21 year career in politics, he had never seen a protest as large as it in London. Addressing the crowd, he challenged the Indian High Commission to pressure Colombo to give peace a chance in the spirit of Mahatma Gandhi.
Awards and recognition.
The BTF received the "Asian Voice Award" for the "Best Campaigning organisation of the Year" in 2008. Introduced by Keith Vaz MP, forum representative Nathan Kumar received the award from John Reid MP at the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19829148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829148" title="Luszewo, Ciechanów County">
Luszewo, Ciechanów County

Luszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 145.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829150" title="Malużyn">
Malużyn

Malużyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829151" title="Nikola Tkalčić">
Nikola Tkalčić

Nikola Tkalčić (born 3 December 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian-Swedish football defender, currently playing for IFK Norrköping in Allsvenskan.

</doc>
<doc id="19829153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829153" title="Nowy Garwarz">
Nowy Garwarz

Nowy Garwarz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829156" title="Ogonowo">
Ogonowo

Ogonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829158" title="Ościsłowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ościsłowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Ościsłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829159" title="Pieńki Faustynowskie">
Pieńki Faustynowskie

Pieńki Faustynowskie is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829160" title="Płaciszewo">
Płaciszewo

Płaciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829164" title="Śródborze, Ciechanów County">
Śródborze, Ciechanów County

Śródborze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829165" title="Stary Garwarz">
Stary Garwarz

Stary Garwarz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829166" title="Strzeszewo, Ciechanów County">
Strzeszewo, Ciechanów County

Strzeszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829168" title="Sulerzyż">
Sulerzyż

Sulerzyż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829169" title="Szyjki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szyjki, Masovian Voivodeship

Szyjki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 202.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829172" title="Szyjki Stare">
Szyjki Stare

Szyjki Stare is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829173" title="Wkra, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wkra, Masovian Voivodeship

Wkra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829174" title="Wkra-Kolonia">
Wkra-Kolonia

Wkra-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829177" title="Wola Młocka">
Wola Młocka

Wola Młocka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829178" title="Charles Wilken">
Charles Wilken

Charles Wilken (8 November 1866 – 26 February 1956) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 32 films between 1916 and 1954.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19829179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829179" title="Wólka Garwarska">
Wólka Garwarska

Wólka Garwarska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829183" title="Zalesie, Ciechanów County">
Zalesie, Ciechanów County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829184" title="Zawiłka">
Zawiłka

Zawiłka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829186" title="Żeleźnia">
Żeleźnia

Żeleźnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Glinojeck, west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829187" title="Zygmuntowo">
Zygmuntowo

Zygmuntowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829188" title="Zygmuntowo, Gmina Glinojeck">
Zygmuntowo, Gmina Glinojeck

Zygmuntowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829193" title="LAPV Enok">
LAPV Enok

The LAPV Enok (LAPV is a Light Armoured Patrol Vehicle) is an armoured military vehicle of the Bundeswehr, mostly in use with the German Army. It is a significantly further developed Wolf SSA, based on the Mercedes-Benz G-Class.
It features protection according to NATO STANAG 4569 Level 2 against rifle fire, land mines and improvised explosive devices. The Enok was especially designed to be deployed in harsh terrains and bad weather situations. 
A first batch of 247 vehicles has been ordered by the Bundeswehr, with deliveries scheduled between 2008 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19829194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829194" title="Anielin, Ciechanów County">
Anielin, Ciechanów County

Anielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829196" title="Chruściele">
Chruściele

Chruściele may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829199" title="Chruściele, Ciechanów County">
Chruściele, Ciechanów County

Chruściele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829201" title="Garnowo Duże">
Garnowo Duże

Garnowo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies south-east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829202" title="Gogole Wielkie">
Gogole Wielkie

Gogole Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829203" title="Gogole-Steczki">
Gogole-Steczki

Gogole-Steczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829204" title="Gołymin-Ośrodek">
Gołymin-Ośrodek

Gołymin-Ośrodek is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek. It lies approximately east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829206" title="Gołymin-Północ">
Gołymin-Północ

Gołymin-Północ is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829209" title="Gołymin-Południe">
Gołymin-Południe

Gołymin-Południe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829211" title="Gostkowo, Ciechanów County">
Gostkowo, Ciechanów County

Gostkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829213" title="Konarzewo Wielkie">
Konarzewo Wielkie

Konarzewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829214" title="Konarzewo-Gołąbki">
Konarzewo-Gołąbki

Konarzewo-Gołąbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829216" title="Konarzewo-Marcisze">
Konarzewo-Marcisze

Konarzewo-Marcisze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829217" title="Konarzewo-Reczki">
Konarzewo-Reczki

Konarzewo-Reczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829218" title="Konarzewo-Skuze">
Konarzewo-Skuze

Konarzewo-Skuze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829220" title="Konarzewo-Sławki">
Konarzewo-Sławki

Konarzewo-Sławki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829221" title="Mierniki">
Mierniki

Mierniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829222" title="Rakliš">
Rakliš

Rakliš () is a suburb of the city of Radoviš in the Republic of Macedonia. It is located roughly 2 km from the centre of Radoviš.

</doc>
<doc id="19829223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829223" title="Morawka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Morawka, Masovian Voivodeship

Morawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829224" title="Morawy-Kafasy">
Morawy-Kafasy

Morawy-Kafasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829225" title="Morawy-Kopcie">
Morawy-Kopcie

Morawy-Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829226" title="Morawy-Laski">
Morawy-Laski

Morawy-Laski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829227" title="Morawy-Wicherki">
Morawy-Wicherki

Morawy-Wicherki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829228" title="Nasierowo Dolne">
Nasierowo Dolne

Nasierowo Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829229" title="Nasierowo Górne">
Nasierowo Górne

Nasierowo Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829231" title="Nasierowo-Dziurawieniec">
Nasierowo-Dziurawieniec

Nasierowo-Dziurawieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829233" title="Nieradowo, Ciechanów County">
Nieradowo, Ciechanów County

Nieradowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829234" title="Nowy Gołymin">
Nowy Gołymin

Nowy Gołymin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829236" title="Nowy Kałęczyn">
Nowy Kałęczyn

Nowy Kałęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829237" title="Gretna (Caledonian) railway station">
Gretna (Caledonian) railway station

Gretna railway station was a railway station close to Gretna Green in Scotland. The Caledonian Railway, however, built the station just south of Gretna Junction and the England/Scotland border, in Cumbria.
History.
The station opened on 9 September 1847. It closed on 10 September 1951.
Very little remains of the station in 2008.
The Caledonian Railway station was one of three serving Gretna, the others being:
A short distance to the north on the Caledonian Railway are Quintinshill loops, the site of the rail crash in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19829238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829238" title="Obiedzino Górne">
Obiedzino Górne

Obiedzino Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829239" title="Osiek Dolny">
Osiek Dolny

Osiek Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829240" title="Osiek Górny">
Osiek Górny

Osiek Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829241" title="Osiek-Aleksandrowo">
Osiek-Aleksandrowo

Osiek-Aleksandrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829243" title="Osiek-Wólka">
Osiek-Wólka

Osiek-Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829244" title="Pajewo Wielkie">
Pajewo Wielkie

Pajewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829245" title="Pajewo-Cyty">
Pajewo-Cyty

Pajewo-Cyty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829247" title="Pajewo-Rżyski">
Pajewo-Rżyski

Pajewo-Rżyski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829248" title="Pajewo-Szwelice">
Pajewo-Szwelice

Pajewo-Szwelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829250" title="Ruszkowo, Ciechanów County">
Ruszkowo, Ciechanów County

Ruszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gołymin-Ośrodek, south-east of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829253" title="Rybakówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rybakówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Rybakówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829254" title="Smosarz-Dobki">
Smosarz-Dobki

Smosarz-Dobki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829256" title="Smosarz-Pianki">
Smosarz-Pianki

Smosarz-Pianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829257" title="Stare Garnowo">
Stare Garnowo

Stare Garnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829258" title="Andrew Lahde">
Andrew Lahde

Andrew Lahde (born 1971) was a California-based hedge fund manager who in 2007 earned some fame for achieving return rates in the vicinity of 1000% with his Lahde Capital, based in Santa Monica, California. The fund speculated on increases of U.S. subprime mortgage defaults.
He earned a bachelor's degree in finance from Michigan State University and an MBA from the Anderson School of Business at the University of California Los Angeles.
Lahde's hedge fund strategy was based on his knowledge of real estate, real estate finance, the complex world of securitized real estate finance and various financial vehicles associated with the transactions. What differentiated Lahde from many other hedge fund operations was an understanding of the underlying asset, residential real estate.
In September 2008, Lahde closed his fund, telling investors that credit problems - the basis of his profits - were likely to continue, but that the possibility of defaults by counterparties was too high.
On October 17, he released an open good-bye letter to his investors, in which he said that the "low hanging fruit, i.e. idiots whose parents paid for prep school, Yale, and then the Harvard MBA, was there for the taking." Lahde criticized the harried life of the rich, and said that "Capitalism worked for two hundred years, but times change, and systems become corrupt." He suggested that George Soros "start and sponsor a forum for great minds to come together to create a new system of government that truly represents the common man’s interest", which could be based on Meritocracy. He concluded his letter by proposing to legalize hemp (but not necessarily marijuana), saying that hemp had been used for at least 5,000 years for cloth and food, as well as just about everything that is produced from petroleum products, and thus should be part of making the U.S. "truly become self-sufficient". He also said that marijuana is only kept illegal because "Corporate America, which owns Congress, would rather sell you Paxil, Zoloft, Xanax, and other addictive drugs, than allow you to grow a plant in your home without some of the profits going into their coffers."
Lahde's increased media visibility has attracted attention from hemp-legalization organizations, and even fan-merchandise surrounding his much-reported farewell letter.

</doc>
<doc id="19829260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829260" title="Truszki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Truszki, Masovian Voivodeship

Truszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829261" title="Watkowo">
Watkowo

Watkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829262" title="Wielgołęka">
Wielgołęka

Wielgołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829263" title="Wola Gołymińska">
Wola Gołymińska

Wola Gołymińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829264" title="Wróblewko">
Wróblewko

Wróblewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829265" title="Wróblewo, Ciechanów County">
Wróblewo, Ciechanów County

Wróblewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829267" title="Péter Tóth (pianist)">
Péter Tóth (pianist)

Péter Tóth (born 1983 in Hungary) is a pianist and winner of the International Piano Competitions in Wittenberg (1997), Bovino (1998), International Franz Liszt Piano Competition in Weimar (2000) and in Budapest (2001). In 1998 he received the Liszt Academy’s “Sari Biro Memorial Award” as the best young pianist of the year.
Early life.
Toth started his musical studies at the Bela Bartok Music School in Bekescsaba under the guidance of Joseph Csontos when he was eleven-years-old. At thirteen he won a scholarship to the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest where he is still studying with Professor Gyorgy Nador and Balazs Reti, and with Adam Wibrowski in Paris. During his studies he has had several opportunities to gather experience on the international concert stage. Among others he has given concerts in the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, in the Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow, in France, Austria, and Japan, in the Czech Republic, in Belgium and in Germany. Toth is considered one of the most promising music talents in Hungary.
Career.
In 2005 he made his debut in Munich with a solo concert in the series "Piano Concerts in the Royal Residence". The "Süddeutsche Zeitung" wrote of his performance: "It is enormous, what this young Hungarian pianist is capable of...a clever, plausible music with all the potential to grow and to mingle with the very best." Peter has performed with the Hungarian Virtuoso Chamber Orchestra, MATAV Symphony Orchestra and with the Franz Liszt Chamber Orchestra. He made recordings in 2004 in Scotland exclusively for Stockfisch Records, for whom he has recorded LATE PIANO WORKS OF LISZT. This CD recording has won the 2006 Grand Prix International Liszt du Disque Award by The Franz Liszt Society. The presentation of the awards will take place on October 22 in the Grand Hall of the Academy of Music in Budapest. In 2007 his concert took place in Munich, San Francisco, Kaiserslautern, and Brema.
Discography.
Tóth’s CD on Stockfisch Records, "Late Piano Works of Liszt", was awarded the International Grand Prix du Disque Award from the Franz Liszt Society in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19829268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829268" title="Zawady Dworskie, Ciechanów County">
Zawady Dworskie, Ciechanów County

Zawady Dworskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829269" title="Zawady Włościańskie">
Zawady Włościańskie

Zawady Włościańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829273" title="Ulrik Neumann">
Ulrik Neumann

Ulrik Neumann (23 October 1918 – 28 June 1994) was a Danish film actor and musician. He appeared in 19 films between 1940 and 1966. Ulrik Neumann was an accomplished guitar player. From 1959 to 1961 he was a member of the trio Swe-Danes with the Swedish singer Alice Babs and the Danish jazz violinist Svend Asmussen.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark. He was the father of guitarist Mikael Neumann and singer Ulla Neumann.

</doc>
<doc id="19829275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829275" title="SB-399,885">
SB-399,885

SB-399885 is a drug which is used in scientific research. It acts as a potent, selective and orally active 5-HT6 receptor antagonist, with a Ki of 9.0nM. SB-399885 and other 5-HT6 antagonists show nootropic effects in animal studies, as well as antidepressant and anxiolytic effects which are comparable to and synergistic with drugs such as imipramine and diazepam, and have been proposed as potential novel treatments for cognitive disorders such as schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19829279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829279" title="Borzuchowo-Daćbogi">
Borzuchowo-Daćbogi

Borzuchowo-Daćbogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 31.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829280" title="Dębowo, Ciechanów County">
Dębowo, Ciechanów County

Dębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829281" title="Grudusk">
Grudusk

Grudusk is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grudusk. It lies approximately north of Ciechanów and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829282" title="Grudusk-Brzozowo">
Grudusk-Brzozowo

Grudusk-Brzozowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829283" title="Grudusk-Olszak">
Grudusk-Olszak

Grudusk-Olszak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829284" title="Humięcino">
Humięcino

Humięcino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829285" title="Humięcino-Andrychy">
Humięcino-Andrychy

Humięcino-Andrychy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829286" title="Humięcino-Klary">
Humięcino-Klary

Humięcino-Klary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829287" title="Humięcino-Koski">
Humięcino-Koski

Humięcino-Koski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829288" title="Humięcino-Retki">
Humięcino-Retki

Humięcino-Retki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829289" title="Kołaki Małe">
Kołaki Małe

Kołaki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829292" title="Kołaki Wielkie">
Kołaki Wielkie

Kołaki Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829294" title="Leśniewo Dolne">
Leśniewo Dolne

Leśniewo Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829295" title="Leśniewo Górne">
Leśniewo Górne

Leśniewo Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829297" title="Łysakowo">
Łysakowo

Łysakowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829298" title="Łysakowo, Ciechanów County">
Łysakowo, Ciechanów County

Łysakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829299" title="Mierzanowo">
Mierzanowo

Mierzanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829301" title="Mierzanowo-Kolonia">
Mierzanowo-Kolonia

Mierzanowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829302" title="Nieborzyn">
Nieborzyn

Nieborzyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829305" title="Nieborzyn, Ciechanów County">
Nieborzyn, Ciechanów County

Nieborzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829306" title="Polanka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Polanka, Masovian Voivodeship

Polanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829307" title="Przywilcz">
Przywilcz

Przywilcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829308" title="Pszczółki Górne">
Pszczółki Górne

Pszczółki Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829310" title="Pszczółki-Czubaki">
Pszczółki-Czubaki

Pszczółki-Czubaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829313" title="Pszczółki-Szerszenie">
Pszczółki-Szerszenie

Pszczółki-Szerszenie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829314" title="Purzyce-Rozwory">
Purzyce-Rozwory

Purzyce-Rozwory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829315" title="Purzyce-Trojany">
Purzyce-Trojany

Purzyce-Trojany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829316" title="Rąbież Gruduski">
Rąbież Gruduski

Rąbież Gruduski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829317" title="Sokólnik">
Sokólnik

Sokólnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 23.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829318" title="Sokołowo, Ciechanów County">
Sokołowo, Ciechanów County

Sokołowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829320" title="Stryjewo Wielkie">
Stryjewo Wielkie

Stryjewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829322" title="Strzelnia">
Strzelnia

Strzelnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829323" title="Wiksin">
Wiksin

Wiksin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829326" title="Wiśniewo, Ciechanów County">
Wiśniewo, Ciechanów County

Wiśniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829327" title="Zakrzewo Małe">
Zakrzewo Małe

Zakrzewo Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829328" title="Zakrzewo Wielkie">
Zakrzewo Wielkie

Zakrzewo Wielkie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829329" title="Zakrzewo Wielkie, Ciechanów County">
Zakrzewo Wielkie, Ciechanów County

Zakrzewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grudusk, north of Ciechanów, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829330" title="Żarnowo">
Żarnowo

Żarnowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829331" title="Żarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Żarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829333" title="Custom 24">
Custom 24

The Vox Custom 24 was one of a group of guitars produced in Japan by the Matsumoku company between 1982–85, which included the Custom and Standard 24 and Custom and Standard 25 guitars. There were also Custom and Standard bass guitars in the range. 
Matsumoku had already produced guitars for Aria and other brands such as Westbury and were recognised as leaders in performance, innovation and quality. The electronics in these guitars were designed by Adrian Legg. The guitars are passive but the complex switching allows for a wide variety of sounds, making them extremely versatile instruments. Build quality was excellent throughout the range. The Custom guitars are the better featured of the two types but all are very fine instruments.
The Custom 24 is a 24" (Les Paul comparable scale) scale guitar with a "through neck" construction, featuring a thin C shaped neck profile and 24 vintage style low frets. The neck and body of the guitar are fashioned from heavy rock maple, and the bound fretboard is made from rosewood. The guitar also features a stop tailpiece with an adjustable bridge that differs only slightly from a traditional Tune-O-Matic type found commonly on the Gibson Les Paul.
The Vox Custom 24 is also equipped with stock DiMarzio X2N humbuckers, which have among the highest output of any commercially available pickup. Switching on the guitar body allows the pickups to be shifted between series/parallel wiring, and a phase switch can be used to place the two pickup outputs out of sonic phase with one another, creating a very wide range of outputs and possible tones. 
Custom 24 can also refer to a guitar model made by Paul Reed Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19829336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829336" title="Baraniec">
Baraniec

Baraniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829337" title="Baraniec, Ciechanów County">
Baraniec, Ciechanów County

Baraniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829338" title="Brodzięcin">
Brodzięcin

Brodzięcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ojrzeń, south of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829340" title="Bronisławie">
Bronisławie

Bronisławie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 152.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829341" title="Dąbrowa, Ciechanów County">
Dąbrowa, Ciechanów County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829343" title="Gostomin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gostomin, Masovian Voivodeship

Gostomin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829344" title="Karel Michlowsky">
Karel Michlowsky

Karel Michlowsky (born 9 October 1918) is a former footballer and football manager from Czech Republic.
He played for SK Bata Zlin, FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, Angers SCO and AS Saint-Étienne. After his playing career he became a coach in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19829345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829345" title="Casino Classics (Comet Gain album)">
Casino Classics (Comet Gain album)

Casino Classics is the debut album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.　The liner notes were provided by Television Personalities frontman Dan Treacy.

</doc>
<doc id="19829346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829346" title="Grabówiec, Ciechanów County">
Grabówiec, Ciechanów County

Grabówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829348" title="Dropmore Press">
Dropmore Press

The Dropmore Press was a private press founded in 1945 by the newspaper-owner James Gomer Berry, 1st Viscount Kemsley. He acquired the type, paper-stock, printing equipment and press-man of the Corvinus Press, which closed in 1945, following the death of its owner Viscount Carlow in the previous year. The Press was run by a committee of Directors, who selected texts and oversaw the work of the press-man (A. H. Cardew). Kemsley and his fellow Directors (among whom Edward Shanks was perhaps the most active) attempted to run the Press on commercial grounds (Carlow's Corvinus Press had been a hobby), with limited success. Most of the books were printed in editions of between 300 and 1000 copies, and their style was generally formal and similar to the better 'trade' publications of the period. The books appear staid, both in design and literary terms, when compared with the publications of the Corvinus Press. Some Dropmore Press books were printed by commercial printing-firms, rather than by Cardew at the Press itself. Around 1950 the journalist Ian Fleming joined the board of Directors, though his influence was at first relatively minor. In 1954 the Press was in severe financial difficulties and was offered to Fleming, who apparently agreed to buy it (although the deal was never finalized). The press closed in 1955, having published more than forty books, some under the parallel imprint of the Queen Anne Press. Dropmore printed minor works by Evelyn Waugh (who complained about the inaccuracy of the text) and T. S. Eliot, and published an important catalogue of "The royal philatelic collection" by Sir John Wilson and Clarence Winchester in 1952. Dropmore also produced a relatively large quantity printed ephemera in the form of catalogues and prospectuses for its publications, and published "Book Handbook", a bibliophile magazine which developed into "The Book Collector" (a project with which Fleming was heavily involved at this period). 

</doc>
<doc id="19829349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829349" title="Halinin">
Halinin

Halinin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Ojrzeń, south of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829351" title="Kałki">
Kałki

Kałki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19829352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829352" title="Kałki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kałki, Masovian Voivodeship

Kałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829354" title="Kicin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kicin, Masovian Voivodeship

Kicin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19829356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19829356" title="Kownaty-Borowe">
Kownaty-Borowe

Kownaty-Borowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Ojrzeń, south-west of Ciechanów, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
