<doc id="19988758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988758" title="Manhattan Beach Pier">
Manhattan Beach Pier

The Manhattan Beach Pier is a pier located in Manhattan Beach, California, on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. The pier is long and located at the end of Manhattan Beach Boulevard. An octagonal Mediterranean-style building sits at the end of the pier and houses the Roundhouse Marine Studies Lab & Aquarium. Surfers can be seen below the pier and sometimes weave in and out of the mussel-covered pilings. The pier is popular with locals, tourists, photographers, and artists and for fishing. It offers sunsets and vantage points from the shore and hillside.
History.
Pre-history.
In 1897, the Potencia Company was incorporated to develop land in the area and proposed a seaside resort with wharves and piers. The area was named Potencia, but the city of Manhattan was incorporated in 1912 with the word "Beach" being added in 1927. The name was chosen by land developer John Merrill, a native of New York.
A pier is believed to have been one of the first features built when the Manhattan Beach community was developed. Two wooden piers were built in 1901, one at Center Street (later renamed Manhattan Beach Boulevard) and one at Marine Avenue called Peck's Pier and Pavilion.
The Center Street Pier was long and pylons were made by fastening three railroad rails together and driving them into the ocean floor. It supported a narrow wooden deck and wave motor to generate power for the Strand lighting system, but sources disagree about whether the system worked. Part of the wave motor may still be buried in the sands at the shore end of the present pier. This "old iron pier", as it was called, was destroyed by a major storm in 1913.
Current pier.
Lack of money, lawsuits, storms, World War I and debates about when and where to build another pier delayed Manhattan Beach from having a pier completed until 1920. Engineer A.L. Harris developed the concept of the circular end for less exposure and damage to the pilings by the waves. The pier was completed and dedicated on July 5, 1920. The next version built was a cement pier with a rounded end and it was long. Octagonal house that now holds a lunch restaurant was completed in 1922. In 1928, a wooden extension was added but it was destroyed in a storm in 1940. In 1991 the pier was restored to its 1920s appearance with a dedication ceremony in 1992.
In 1928 the pier was extended out 200 feet (at no cost to the city) when a Captain Larsen of Redondo Beach offered to pay for an extension in exchange for the rights to run a shoreboat between the pier and his barge Georgina. On January 9, 1940, of the extension were ripped away during a winter storm. The extension was never repaired and the remaining section was swept away in February 1941.
In 1946 the pier and adjoining beach were deeded over from the city of Manhattan Beach to the state. During the next four decades the pier would remain a focus of beachfront activity, but Mother Nature and old age took their toll and by the 1980s the pier was in sad shape and in need of renovation.
Restoration took place in the early 1990s with a focus on retention of the old time appearance, much like Pier 7 in San Francisco.
The original pier had to be fixed as old age and decay required extensive repair, and in fact made it unsafe by the late 1980s (when a jogger was injured by falling concrete).
In 1995, the pier was declared a state historic landmark. It is the oldest standing concrete pier on the West Coast. It is managed by the County of Los Angeles, Department of Beaches and Harbors.
Correction: The Pier is managed by the City of Manhattan Beach Public Works
Attractions.
Roundhouse Marine Studies Lab & Aquarium.
The Roundhouse Marine Studies Lab and Aquarium is located at the end of the pier, and is free to the public. The Aquarium includes a shark tank, tide pool touch tank with animals common to Southern California, tanks with lobsters, and baby sharks as well as brightly colored, non-native fish and invertebrates. The aquarium is open Saturdays & Sundays 10 a.m. to sunset and Monday through Friday 3 p.m. to sunset and group and education tours offered.
The octagonal building includes a Spanish tile roof and large gooseneck reflectors to improve lighting.
Fishing.
According to Pierfishing.com the sandy beach area yields the normal surf species; barred surfperch, croakers, small rays and guitarfish (shovelnose shark). The pier is especially known for it's magnificent barred surfperch fishing. At times, anglers catch hundreds of them within an hour of time, using mainly small jigs and sandcrabs. The area around the pilings yield pileperch, walleye surfperch, silver surfperch, and other common pier species. Mid-pier, casting away from the pier, yields small tom cod (white croaker) and herring (queenfish), jacksmelt, yellowfin croaker and an occasional halibut. Action at the end of the pier is improved by the surrounding artificial reef which is located about from the end. Fish at the deepest water end include bonito, Pacific mackerel, jack mackerel, barracuda, an occasional white seabass or even yellowtail, and reef visitors like kelp bass, sand bass and sculpin (scorpionfish). The resident species in Santa Monica Bay may be dangerous to eat, but those that migrate in and out of the bay are considered safe to eat. A variety of baits are utilized.
Surfing.
The pier played a significant role in the history of surfing. The pier was a popular spot for Southern California surfers in the 1940s, the early days of modern surfing. Dale Velzy, the first commercial surfboard shaper, started his business building and repairing boards under the pier before renting a nearby storefront in 1949, starting what is considered the first surf shop.
In film.
It is used in

</doc>
<doc id="19988794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988794" title="1948–49 Greek Cup">
1948–49 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1948–49 was the seventh edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, replayed at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 3 July 1949, because of the previous match (19 June) draw. The match was contested by AEK Athens and Panathinaikos, with AEK Athens taking the title 2–1 in extra time.
Final.
The 7th Greek Cup Final was played twice at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.
The match was abandoned in the 109'.

</doc>
<doc id="19988799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988799" title="Chief Magazine">
Chief Magazine

Chief Magazine is a free, monthly online arts and culture magazine based in Brooklyn, New York.
"Chief Magazine" consists primarily of interviews with underground musicians, artists and writers and is known for its irreverent tone and use of humor. Chief hosts parties and events in Brooklyn and owns a music venue, Chief Bodega, and a record label, Chief Records.
Chief Magazine, under A.P. Smith's direction, published content and hosted events from 2006 through 2009.
Content.
Chief has interviewed George Saunders, Paper Rad, The Death Set, Brad Neely, Eugene Mirman, MGMT, Matt and Kim, Wham City, Man Man and Japanther.
Chief also has a continuing series called PenPals, which consists of celebrity photographs as well as their post addresses.
History.
Chief Magazine was founded by A.P. Smith on September 11, 2006. For the second issue, Smith partnered with Ed Zipco to run the project. Zipco and Smith originally became friends while attending the Pratt Institute of Art and Design. Smith went on to work for COLORS Magazine while Zipco went to work for "Vice", until the two decided to launch their own independent magazine in 2006. Nick Chatfield-Taylor, whose former projects include the film B.I.K.E. and directing Matt & Kim's 'Yea Yea' music video, joined on as Photo Editor in mid-2007 and was promoted to Junior Editor in early 2008. Jacqueline Lewis, former writer of Gawker's now defunct "Bloghorrea NYC" column, became Managing Editor of Chief in 2007.
In 2009, Zipco, Lewis and Smith ended Chief Magazine and went on to work on other projects.
Chief Bodega.
The Chief Bodega, an underground music venue in Brooklyn, New York, was originally a local grocery (which are called bodegas in NYC) that was closed down in the summer of 2007 after police raided the premises and found a heroin distribution network. After lying dormant for a year, the first two floors were leased by Chief and renovated into Chief Bodega, which functioned as an underground music venue in the summer of 2008. After throwing underground parties four nights a week for that entire summer, Zipco and Smith went into business with Jessica Lee Wertz in an effort to bring the venue up to legal status.
Since its grand opening on June 6, Bodega has thrown shows with close friends Japanther, The Death Set, Ninjasonik, Danger, DJ Dirty Finger, Smarts, Hidden Power, The Hood Gang, and dozens of other local and touring acts.
In October 2008, The Chief Bodega hosted a secret Street Fighter IV release party for Capcom.
In 2009, Bodega was closed down indefinitely.
Chief Records.
Chief Records was launched in 2007 and includes artists Ninjasonik, DJ Dirty Finger and Mr. Andersonic.

</doc>
<doc id="19988806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988806" title="Modern Magic Made Simple">
Modern Magic Made Simple

Plot summary.
The protagonist, Koyomi Morishita, is a short, clumsy, female high school freshman. She becomes a student of Misa Anehara, a powerful modern magician. Modern magic is accomplished with the aid of computers by writing special programs for them.
Media.
Light Novel.
The light novel series is by Hiroshi Sakurazaka, with illustrations by Miki Miyashita. As of March 25, 2009, six volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint. A new edition of the first light novel was released on April 25, 2008.
Manga.
A manga adaptation started serialization in the "shōnen" magazine "Jump Square" on August 4, 2008.
Anime.
An anime adaptation was announced in October 2008. On July 11, 2009, the anime began airing in Japan on the networks BS11, AT-X and Bandai Channel, while also simulcast worldwide via Crunchyroll. It ran for 12 episodes, ending on September 26, 2009. North American licensor Sentai Filmworks released the series on DVD in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19988814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988814" title="Graustock">
Graustock

The Graustock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located south of Engelberg in Central Switzerland. The summit is one of the two tripoints between the cantons of Berne, Nidwalden and Obwalden (the other being the Jochstock).
On the north side of the mountain lies the Trübsee.

</doc>
<doc id="19988818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988818" title="Hermosa Beach pier">
Hermosa Beach pier

The Hermosa Beach pier is located in the Southern California community of Hermosa Beach. It extends into the Pacific Ocean.
In 1904 the first pier was built. It was constructed entirely of wood even to the pilings and it extended five hundred feet out into the ocean. The pier was constructed by the Hermosa Beach Land and Water Company. In 1913 this old pier was partly washed away and later torn down and a new one built to replace it. This pier was built of concrete 1,000 feet (300 m) long, and paved with asphalt its entire length. Small tiled pavilions were erected at intervals along the sides to afford shade for fishing and picnic parties. A bait stand was built eventually out on the end. Soon after, about 1914, an auditorium building was constructed; it has housed various enterprises and at present the public rest rooms, the Los Angeles Life Guard Service, and the local branch of the Los Angeles County Public Library occupy rooms in the building. This pier is municipally owned.
The pier's frontage has changed in appearance over the years and electric train lines used to run along the coastline.

</doc>
<doc id="19988821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988821" title="Alan L. Hart">
Alan L. Hart

Alan L. Hart (October 4, 1890 - July 1, 1962) was an American physician, radiologist, tuberculosis researcher, writer and novelist. At birth, Hart was assigned female and named Alberta Lucille Hart. He was in 1917-18 one of the first female to male (FTM) transsexuals to undergo hysterectomy and gonadectomy in the United States, and lived the rest of his life as a man. He pioneered the use of x-ray photography in tuberculosis detection, and helped implement TB screening programs that saved thousands of lives.
Early life.
Alan Lucille Hart was born October 4, 1890 in Halls Summit, Coffey County, Kansas to Albert L. Hart and Edna Hart (née Bamford). When his father died of typhoid fever in 1892, his mother reverted to her maiden name and moved the family to Linn County, Oregon where she cared for her own mother during a period of sickness. When Hart was five years old his mother remarried, to Bill Barton, and the family moved to Edna's father's farm. Hart wrote later, in 1911, of his happiness during this time, when he was free to dress and live as a boy, playing with boys' toys made for him by his grandfather. His parents and grandparents largely accepted and supported his gender expression, though his mother described his desire to be a boy as "foolish." His grandparents' obituaries, from 1921 and 1924, both list Hart as a grandson. When Hart was 12 the family moved to Albany. There Hart was obliged to dress as a girl to attend school, where he was treated as a girl. He continued to spend the holidays at his grandfather's farm, living there as a boy among his male friends, "teasing the girls and playing boy's games". According to a reminiscence piece in the Halls Summit News of June 10, 1921, "Young Hart was different, even then. Boys' clothes just felt natural. Lucille always regarded herself as a boy and begged her family to cut her hair and let her wear trousers. Lucille disliked dolls but enjoyed playing doctor. She hated traditional girl tasks, preferring farm work with the menfolk instead. The self reliance that became a lifelong trait was evident early: once when she accidentally chopped off her fingertip with an axe, Lucille dressed it herself, saying nothing about it to the family."
As a suppressed male during his school years, Hart was allowed to write essays under his chosen name "Robert Allen Bamford, Jr." with little resistance from his classmates or teachers. It was common at the time for writers to use pseudonyms, including to assume names associated with the opposite gender. Hart published work in local newspapers and in school and college publications under this name, or as "submitted by an anonymous boy", or using the neutral "A.L.H." or "A. Hart". He used his legal name "Lucille Hart" only under pressure from peers or seniors. His early work dealt with masculine subjects, even when he was asked to write on topics about life as a woman. When asked to write about female classmates or friends he portrayed them as prize fighters or boyish basketball players.
Hart attended Albany College (now Lewis & Clark College), then transferred with classmate and romantic partner Eva Cushman to Stanford University for the 1911-1912 school year before going back to Albany. Hart graduated from Albany College in 1912, and in 1917 obtained a doctor of medicine degree from the University of Oregon Medical Department in Portland (now Oregon Health & Science University); during this period, Hart also returned to Northern California to attend courses in the summer of 1916 at the Stanford University School of Medicine, then located in San Francisco. Hart was deeply unhappy that the medical degree was issued in his female name, limiting his opportunities to use it in any future life under a male name. College records show that at least one of the senior staff was sympathetic; his graduation records were indexed internally as "Hart, Lucille (aka Robert L.), M.D.". Nonetheless, Hart knew that if he presented himself as Robert, any prospective employer checking his credentials would discover the female name or find no records for him at all. After graduation he worked for a short while (as a woman) at a Red Cross hospital in Philadelphia.
Transition.
Upon reaching adulthood Hart sought psychiatric counselling and radical surgery to live as a man. Hart's was the first documented FTM case in the United States, though FTM sex change surgeries had been carried out earlier in Germany, including on one man, treated by German sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld, who had won the right to serve in the German military. The 1906-7 case of Karl M. Baer, born Martha Baer, had set a new precedent for sex change surgery by enlisting simultaneous support from psychiatric, legal, and surgical quarters. There was now medical and legal precedent for transforming an otherwise healthy female body into a male one; Hart's approach to his own transition appears to have drawn on the Baer case.
In 1917 Hart approached Dr. Joshua Gilbert at the University of Oregon and requested radical surgery to eliminate menstruation and the possibility of ever becoming pregnant. He also presented Gilbert with a eugenic argument, that a person with "abnormal inversion" should be sterilized. Gilbert was initially reluctant, but accepted that Hart was "extremely intelligent and not mentally ill, but afflicted with a mysterious disorder for which I have no explanation". He accepted that Hart experienced himself only as a male, who described himself using phrases including "the other fellows and I" and asking "what could a fellow do?" Gilbert wrote, in case notes published in the "Journal of Nervous and Mental Disorders" in 1920, that "from a sociological and psychological standpoint she [Hart is a man" and that living as one was Hart's only chance for a happy existence, "the best that can be done." He added, "Let him who finds in himself a tendency to criticize to offer some constructive method of dealing with the problem on hand. He will not want for difficulties. The patient and I have done our best with it." Hart's was the first case in America where a psychiatrist recommended the removal of a healthy organ based solely on an individual's gender identification.
Early FTM surgeries involved the implanting of testicular tissue in place of the removed ovaries. Crystalline male hormones had been extracted in usable quantities from male urine by 1903, but it represented an infection risk. Synthetic male hormone was not manufactured until 1920 (by Bayer), and there is no evidence that Hart took hormones as part of his treatment.
Hart's surgery was completed at the University of Oregon Medical School over the 1917-1918 winter vacation. He then legally changed his name, and in February 1918 married his first wife Inez Stark and moved with her to Gardiner, Oregon, to set up his own medical practice.
Life after transition.
In Oregon, Hart suffered an early blow when a former medical school classmate outed him as a former woman, forcing Hart and his wife to move. Hart found the experience traumatic and again consulted Gilbert, who wrote that Hart had suffered from "the hounding process ... which our modern social organization can carry on to such perfection and refinement.". Hart set up a new practice in remote Huntley, Montana, writing later that he "did operations in barns and houses...('til) the crash of the autumn of 1920 wiped out most of the Montana farmers and stockmen, and me along with them". He then took itinerant work, until in 1921, on a written recommendation from noted doctor Harriet J. Lawrence (decorated by President Wilson for developing a flu vaccine), he secured a post as staff physician at Albuquerque Sanatorium.
The relocations, financial insecurity, and secrecy placed strain on Hart's marriage, and Inez left him in September 1923. She ordered him to have no further contact with her, and divorced him in 1925. The same year Hart married his second wife, Edna Ruddick; the union lasted until the end of Hart's life. In 1925 Hart moved to the Trudeau School of Tuberculosis in New York, where he also carried out postgraduate work; he spent 1926-1928 as a clinician at the Rockford TB sanatorium in Illinois. In 1928 Hart obtained a masters degree in Radiology from the University of Pennsylvania; he was in 1929 appointed Director of Radiology at Tacoma General Hospital. During the 1930s the couple moved to Idaho, where Hart worked during the 1930s and early 1940s; his work also took him to Washington, where he held a research fellowship as a roentgenologist in Spokane. During the war Hart was also a medical adviser at the Army Recruiting and Induction headquarters in Seattle, while Edna worked for the King County Welfare Department in the same city.
In 1948, after Hart obtained a Masters Degree in Public Health from Yale, the couple moved to Connecticut, where Hart had been appointed Director of Hospitalization and Rehabilitation for the Connecticut State Tuberculosis Commission. The couple lived for the rest of their lives in West Hartford, Connecticut, where Edna became a professor at the University of Hartford. After the Second World War synthetic male hormones became available in the US, and for the first time Hart was able to grow a beard and shave. He also obtained a deeper voice, making him more confident and his public appearances easier.
During the last six years of his life Hart gave numerous lectures, and dedicated all his free time to fundraising for medical research and to support patients with advanced TB who could not afford treatment. He was a member of the American Thoracic Society, American Public Health Association, American Association for the Advancement of Science, and American Civil Liberties Union, among many others. Socially, both he and Edna were well liked, active community leaders. Alan served for eight years as vice president for his local Unitarian Church council.
Hart died of heart failure on July 1, 1962. The terms of his will directed his body be cremated and his ashes scattered over Puget Sound where he and Edna had spent many happy summers together.
Hart said once, in a speech to graduating medical students, "Each of us must take into account the raw material which heredity dealt us at birth and the opportunities we have had along the way, and then work out for ourselves a sensible evaluation of our personalities and accomplishments".
Tuberculosis research.
Hart devoted much of his career to research into and treatment of tuberculosis. In the early 20th century the disease was the biggest killer in America. Doctors, including Hart, were realizing that myriad illnesses - consumption, phthisis, phthisis pulmonalis, Koch's disease, scrofula, lupus vulgaris, white plague, King's evil, Pott's disease, and Gibbus - were all in fact cases of tuberculosis (TB). TB usually attacked victims' lungs first; Hart was among the first physicians to document how it then spread, via the circulatory system, causing lesions on the kidneys, spine, and brain, eventually resulting in death. Scientists had discovered in the nineteenth century that tuberculosis was not hereditary, but an airborne bacillus spread rapidly among persons in close proximity by coughing and sneezing. This meant it might be treated, but with no cure for the disease in its advanced stages the only hope for sufferers was early detection.
X-rays, or Roentgen rays as they were more commonly known until World War Two, had been discovered only in 1895, when Hart was five years old. In the early twentieth century they were used to detect bone fractures and tumors, but Hart became interested in their potential for detecting tuberculosis. Since the disease often presented no symptoms in its early stages, x-ray screening was invaluable for early detection. Even rudimentary early x-ray machines could detect the disease before it became critical. This allowed early treatment, often saving the patient's life. It also meant sufferers could be identified and isolated from the population, greatly lessening the spread of the disease. Public fund-raising drives, like the newly created Christmas Seal campaign, helped finance these efforts. By the time antibiotics were introduced in the 1940s, doctors using the techniques Hart developed had managed to cut the tuberculosis death toll down to one fiftieth.
In 1937 Hart was hired by the Idaho Tuberculosis Association and later became the state's Tuberculosis Control Officer. He established up Idaho's first fixed-location and mobile TB screening clinics and spearheaded the state's war against tuberculosis. Between 1933 and 1945 Hart traveled extensively through rural Idaho, covering thousands of miles while lecturing, conducting mass TB screenings, training new staff, and treating the effects of the epidemic.
An experienced and accessible writer, Hart wrote widely for medical journals and popular publications, describing TB for technical and general audiences and giving advice on its prevention, detection, and cure. At the time the word "tuberculosis" carried a social stigma akin to venereal disease, so Hart insisted his clinics be referred to as "chest clinics", himself as a "chest doctor", and his patients as "chest patients". Discretion and compassion were important tools in treating the stigmatised disease.
In 1943 Hart, now recognised as preeminent in the field of tubercular Roentgenology, compiled his extensive evidence on TB and other x-ray-detectable cases into a definitive compendium, "These Mysterious Rays: A Nontechnical Discussion of the Uses of X-rays and Radium, Chiefly in Medicine" (pub. Harper & Brothers), still a standard text today. The book was translated into several languages, including Spanish.
In 1948 Hart was appointed Director of Hospitalization and Rehabilitation for the Connecticut State Tuberculosis Commission. As in Idaho, Dr. Hart took charge of a massive state-wide x-ray screening program for TB, emphasizing the importance of early detection and treatment. He held this position for the rest of his life, and is credited with helping contain the spread of tuberculosis in Connecticut as he had previously in the Pacific Northwest. Similar programs based on his leadership and methodology in this field in other states also saved many thousands of lives.
Fiction writing.
Alongside his medical practice and research, Hart pursued a second career as a novelist. He had in early life published in local, school, and college magazines, and later published four novels, chiefly on medical themes. His four novels incorporate semi-autobiographical themes: "The Undaunted" (1936) contains a doctor, Richard Cameron, who describes himself as a 'cripple' after his foot is amputated following persistent bone infection. Cameron worries that this physical defect will drive women away, but ends up marrying his sweetheart. A second character, a radiologist named Sandy Farquhar, is a gay man who has been harassed and tormented, driven from job to job, over his sexuality. Farquhar, who is short, thin, and bespectacled, resembles Hart physically, and considers himself "the possessor of a defective body" from which he wishes to escape - a typical transsexual sentiment. Another novel, "In the Lives of Men", contains a gay male character with a missing arm.
Early short stories.
These short stories were collected in "The Life and Career of Alberta Lucille/Dr. Alan L. Hart, with collected early writings", by Brian Booth.
1908 "Frankfort Center" (Published in the Albany High School Whirlwind)
For an assignment to write about female college members and sporting activities, Hart described the ambiguously-named "Frances", a prize boxer and basketball player.
1909 "My Irish Colleen" (Published anonymously in the Albany College Student, March 1909 issue)
A love poem, presented as the work of an anonymous male student about an Irish girl. It was reprinted in his college yearbook in 1911, under his female name, outing his crush on Eva Cushman.
1909 "To the Faculty" (Published in the Albany College Student, March 1909 issue)
A call for student rebellion and statement of the need of students to be taken seriously. The work discusses doves spreading their wings and flying, reflecting Hart's sense of confinement while forced to live as a sedate young woman.
1909 "The American 'Martha (Published in the Albany College Student, December 1909 issue)
A critical take on the fate of women obliged to be housewives, and raising their daughters to the same destiny. The piece quoted the Bible and reflected a concern for women's rights.
1909 Ma' on the Football Hero" (Published in the Albany College Student, December 1909 issue)
Hart questions "what would his mother would say if he were to be a rough and tough College football hero?"
1910 "The Magic of Someday" (Published in the Albany College Student, January 1910 issue)
A lament on the destruction of Hart's childhood dreams of freedom when he was obliged to be female; ending with hope for a future in which he, "with a heart of a man," might be happy.
1910 "The National Triune" (Published in the Albany College Student, February 1910 issue)
Published as the work of "Lucille Hart", the story condemns contemporary politic scandals and the injustice of sexism, and sets out Hart's ideas about the character of a true and respectable man.
1910 "The Unwritten Law of the Campus" (Published in the Albany College Student, March 1910 issue)
A discussion of the difference between moral laws, physical laws, and laws of convention, with reference to discourtesy of someone who tells tales on another student for contravening gender norms.
1911 "An Idyll of a Country Childhood" (Published in the "The Takenah" (Albany College Yearbook) 1911)
By now Hart's habits of male dress outside school were well-known, and this story frankly described his early life and its freedom to dress and live as a boy.
Novels.
1935 "Doctor Mallory" (Published W.W. Norton & Company, Inc.)
An overnight best-seller, Hart's first novel drew on his experiences as a small town doctor in Gardiner, Oregon. It portrayed the medical profession as increasingly venal, and was the first exposé of the medical world by a working doctor.
1936 "The Undaunted" (Published W.W. Norton & Company, Inc.)
This novel showed gay physician "Sandy Farquhar" pursuing a career in radiology "because he thought it wouldn't matter so much in a laboratory what a man's personality was," conflicts and themes which Hart himself had experienced in his early career.
1937 "In the Lives of Men" (Published W.W. Norton & Company, Inc.)
Hart's third novel was favourably reviewed for its insights into contemporary medicine, but the reviewer at a national magazine (The Saturday Review of Literature) noted "as a doctor, Hart knows surprisingly little about women".
1942 "Doctor Finlay Sees it Through" (Published by Harper & Brothers)
Hart's final novel, not to be confused with A. J. Cronin's "Dr Finlay's Casebook, is considered to have influenced subsequent medical fiction.
Legacy.
After Hart's death his wife acted on his wish to establish a fund for research into leukaemia, from which his mother had died. The interest on his estate is donated annually to the Alan L. and Edna Ruddick Hart Fund, which makes grants for research into leukaemia and its cure.
Hart's will, written in 1943, stipulated that his personal letters and photographs be destroyed, and this was done on his death in 1962. Hart had acted all his life to control the interpretation of his private and emotional life, and the destruction of his personal records at his death were commensurate with this goal. Believing that the secret of his personal history was safe he made no attempt to account for his own life. His identity as the pseudonymous "H" in Gilbert's notes was discovered posthumously by Jonathan Ned Katz, and his identity described as lesbian. Katz's attempts to learn more about Hart's life by contacting Hart's widow were discouraged by Edna Ruddick Hart. The message passed on by her friend in Albany was: "Let that all be passed now. She is older and does not want any more heart ache now."
Controversy.
Scholarship on Hart's life has disagreed bitterly on whether he should be characterised as transsexual, transgender, or lesbian, while activists and advocates for various groups have claimed Hart as a representative.
Jonathan Ned Katz, who in "Gay American History: Lesbians and Gay Men in the U.S.A." (1976) first identified Hart as the pseudonymous "H" in Joseph Gilbert's 1920s case notes, described Hart as a lesbian and depicted his case as one where contemporary strictures against lesbianism were so strong that a 'woman' like Hart had to adopt a male identity to pursue love affairs with women. Katz contended again in his 1983 "Gay/Lesbian Almanac: A New Documentary" that Hart was "clearly a lesbian, a woman-loving woman", but has since said he would not make such claims today.
Against Katz's claims, others like Jillian Todd Weiss have asserted that Hart experienced himself as a man from early childhood, identifying transphobia and "blatant disregard for transgender identities" in the claim that Hart was 'really' a woman. Hart's widow refused interviews to Katz, offended by his categorization of her husband (and by extension, herself) as lesbian.
Some historians note that Hart never described himself as a transsexual, but the term was not published until the 1920s, and not widely used until the 1960s, near Hart's death. It is also true that Hart worked hard to keep his pre-transition identity secret, and would hardly have sought to publicly claim a transsexual identity. Others, then, have contended that Hart was a transsexual pioneer, who lived after his transition exclusively as a man, just as modern transsexuals do.
Joy Parks describes the battle, especially within Portland, Oregon GLBT communities over Hart's identity as "extremely ugly" and one in which "neither side appeared particularly victorious."

</doc>
<doc id="19988832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988832" title="Alexander Engel">
Alexander Engel

Alexander Engel (4 June 1902 – 25 July 1968) was a German film actor. He appeared in 73 films between 1932 and 1968.
He was born in Berlin, Germany and died in Saarbrücken, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19988848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988848" title="Lamine Gassama">
Lamine Gassama

Lamine Gassama (born 20 October 1989) is a Senegalese football player who plays for French club Lorient in Ligue 1.
Football career.
Early career.
Gassama grew up in the neighbourhood of La Castellane in the city of Marseille and began his career playing for FC Martigues, just north of his hometown. After spending two years in the youth system, he returned to Marseille and joined local club Aubagne FC. There, he caught the attention of Olympique Lyonnais and joined the club's academy the following year.
Lyon.
Before the start of the 2008–09 season, Gassama was promoted to the first-team squad participating in Lyon's pre-season tour. He appeared in all five matches including starts against Nîmes Olympique, Rapid Bucureşti, and AS Nancy. On 2 September 2008, it was announced by Lyon that Gassama had signed a professional contract keeping him with the champions until 2011. He made his professional football debut on 29 October 2008 against FC Sochaux-Montbéliard starting in the right back position. The match resulted in a 2–0 victory with Gassama playing the full 90 minutes.
Gassama made seven league appearances, and also made his debut in the UEFA Champions League starting Lyon's final group stage match against Bayern Munich, with his primary responsibility being to contain fellow Frenchman and the much more experienced Franck Ribéry. The matchup, in the end, was unquestionably in Ribéry's favor, as Lyon lost the match 2–3 with the French talisman being involved in two of Bayern's goals and Gassama being substituted out in the 64th minute.
Lorient.
On January 26, 2012, Gassama joined Lorient on a free transfer, after Olympique Lyonnais decided not to extended his contract.
International career.
Gassama made no appearances with any of France's youth squads. However, due to his performances with Lyon, he received a surprise call-up to the under-21 squad, who were looking to start fresh after their elimination from the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, for a friendly against Denmark. He made his under-21 debut in that match starting the match in the right back position before being subbed out in the 82nd minute. France would go on to win the match 1–0.
In May 2011, it was confirmed that Gassama would be representing Senegal at senior international level. He made his debut on 10 August 2011 in a 0–2 friendly home defeat against Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19988860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988860" title="Jochstock">
Jochstock

The Jochstock (2,564 m) is a summit of the Urner Alps, located near Engelberg in Central Switzerland. The summit is one of the two tripoints between the cantons of Berne, Nidwalden and Obwalden (the other being the Graustock).
A platter lift runs from the Joch Pass (2,207 m) to near the summit of the Jochstock.

</doc>
<doc id="19988872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988872" title="Vijaypur">
Vijaypur

Vijaypur may refer to:
Vijaypur is situated in sheopur district in madhya pradesh. This is a subdivision of sheopur district.

</doc>
<doc id="19988893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988893" title="Xcel Energy Cabin Creek Fire">
Xcel Energy Cabin Creek Fire

The Xcel Energy Cabin Creek Fire occurred on October 2, 2007 The incident occurred at Xcel Energy’s Hydropower Generation plant in Georgetown, Colorado, a small town forty-five miles west of Denver. This accident killed five workers and injured three. The incident is thought to be the result of shoddy work by a contractor (RPI coating) and Xcel Energy's willingness to cut costs at the expense of safety.
The plant.
The plant, Georgetown Hydro, is a hydroelectric power generator that opened in 1967. It is located about 6 miles from Georgetown accessed by the majestic, high mountain road of Guanella Pass. It sits at an elevation of greater than 10,000 feet above sea level. The power plant runs two generators that when running at top performance can produce a total 1.2 megawatts of electrical power. The plant is powered by water pressure from the water released from the Georgetown Forebay, a body of water that is used to run equipment. The plant can draw additional water stored at the Clear Lake Reservoir. Because Georgetown Hydro is a hydroelectric plant, it only uses water as a fuel source meaning it gives off no land, water or air emissions.
The plant is run remotely from another Xcel Energy power station at Cabin Creek, a facility five miles to the south. This means that the operators who run the plant are not on site and can control the output of the plant from the Cabin Creek site cutting down on the number of employees needed to run the plant.
The Georgetown plant is also open to the public as the Georgetown Energy Museum, where one can see a working power plant. The museum has many intriguing artifacts and pieces from the electrical industry. The museum also offers tours of the plant.
Incident.
Prior events.
In 2000, a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission initiated inspection of the penstock (a long sloping, underground tunnel and confined space running nearly 3/4 of a mile) found that the epoxy lining on the interior the pipes was deteriorating. This was leading to damage of the pipes themselves and Xcel was mandated to repair the epoxy to limit further damage. Work did not begin in earnest until seven years later, as the company had successfully been granted extensions to the deadline for this work to be completed. 
Xcel energy would select RPI Coating Inc. after a competitive RFP process. This was despite RPI having had more than $100,000 of fines levied against it by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Xcel's own rating of the company's safety profile as "zero." A zero should have automatically disqualified RPI from the bid process. Safety concerns had been identified by Xcel's safety director and RPI arranged for a specialist to be brought to the Cabin Creek site to address specific training for operating safely during work at the plant. While 14 crew members were slated to be working on the site, only nine would attend the six-hour safety meeting. 
In September 2007, the tunnel would be prepped for work by Xcel and RPI. This would involve shutting down the plant, draining the penstock, and creating an access point for equipment and workers. A single ingress/egress point in such a tunnel would later prove to be deadly; if the route to the single point of exit were blocked, workers would become trapped. This was not the only hazard, an RPI worker would dislocate a shoulder during this process, after slipping on the moss covered floor of the tunnel. Sand blasting and other prep work would last through the month of September. 
Internal Xcel documents show that the penstock was a permit-required confined space work area. This would require a costly set of safety mechanisms put in place, including work environment monitoring, specialized rescue team on site, and rigorous standards about flammable substances. Neither Xcel nor RPI would treat the work site as permit-required confined space. 
In early October, re-applying of the epoxy coat started with about a dozen workers inside the penstock. An epoxy sprayer was operated by a small crew, workers did prep work ahead, and others ran material from the tunnel opening to the sprayer. While the epoxy itself was not volatile at the temperatures being used, it was being applied in temperatures that were below the optimum for ideal application. To cope with this, and to help with regular cleaning, a solvent was used to keep the spray equipment free from contamination. RPI workers would use Methyl ethyl ketone (MEK) a highly volatile chemical with a low flash point, as the solvent. It was used on the sprayer as it sat inside the tunnel, where multiple sources of ignition were present.
Explosion.
On October 2 around 1:55 pm when a safety inspector and general foreman were out to lunch, a flash fire engulfed the sprayer platform while MEK was being circulated through the equipment. A growing fire would separate the work group; five workers would be on the far side of the burning spray platform, unable to reach the single point of exit, more than 1400 feet away. The separated workers were able to shout over the fire and ask for fire extinguishers, but none was located inside the tunnel. Other workers would have to leave the penstock and get fire extinguishers from outside. They then had to re-enter the now smoke filled tunnel while the fire spread to other containers of MEK and other material around the spray platform. The trapped workers retreated up a steep section of the tunnel. Due to poor visibility, thick smoke and other fumes, workers with fire extinguishers were unable to reach the fire and it continued to burn. The workers trapped by the fire were uninjured in the explosion and maintained radio contact until 3:30 pm. 
Emergency response.
Clear Creek emergency communications center first received word of the incident at 2:03 pm after an RPI contractor notified Xcel about the incident and the Xcel employee would call 911. First responders were immediately dispatched, but were not told that the fire was in a confined space, nor that specialized equipment by highly trained rescuers would be needed. After the enormity of the rescue was recognized, local first responders requested the help of a large, suburban Denver fire department to respond. They also requested a mine rescue team from Climax Molybdenum Company's Henderson Mine. Both agencies were over an hour away. Local responders, including a backcountry rescue team, would make a single attempt to enter the tunnel, using breathing apparatus and an ATV. Conditions were still very hazardous in the tunnel, including toxic fumes and black smoke reducing visibility to zero. The rescuers were forced to turn back. Attempts to lower breathing apparatus, a radio and other equipment to the trapped workers were also made. 
Ultimately, the Henderson Mine Rescue Team would make entry into the tunnel and confirm both that the fire was out and that five workers were dead. Donald Dejaynes, 43, Dupree Holt, 37, James St. Peters, 52, Gary Foster, 48, and Anthony Aguirre, 18 asphyxiated. 
The four surviving members were transported to a Denver hospital where they were all treated and subsequently released. In recognition of the tragic event, Colorado state governor Bill Ritter later traveled to Georgetown to meet with the families of the deceased. The U.S. Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board has completed an investigation into this incident. 
Investigation and aftermath.
Investigation.
The case was investigated by the US Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board and a formal report was released on August 25, 2010. The investigation was hampered by Xcel and RPI refusing to furnish testimony, evidence, and response to questions from the investigating board. Many RPI managers invoked their fifth amendment right from self-incrimination. Indeed, despite Chemical Safety Board having a federal mandate to investigate and report about the accident, Xcel energy went to court to block the release of the report, saying it would be detrimental to their court case. Xcel Energy also leaked a confidential draft of the report to the media before the official report was released. 
Among the findings of the investigation:
Allegations have been made that RPI destroyed evidence (log books, etc.) at the job site. 
Criminal case against Xcel Energy and RPI Coating.
On June 1, 2011, Federal prosecutors opened their charges that Xcel Energy was criminally liable for the deaths of the five RPI workers. On June 28th, the jury found Xcel Energy not guilty. The case against RPI has yet to be argued. 
The contractor hired by Xcel Energy was a California firm called RPI Coating. All five workers who died in this incident were Californians. RPI Coating has had a long history of citations from both federal and state agencies. As it turns out the company had accumulated fines totaling $135,569 from ninety incidents since 1988. Most of the fines stemmed from unsafe working conditions such as the worker who was crushed by a work platform while working on the I-80 San Francisco Bay Bridge. These ninety incidents were accumulated while the company was operating under the name of Robison Prezioso Inc. Of the ninety fineable incidences, twenty-seven were violations considered serious by OSHA.
On December 19, 2011, RPI Coating plead guilty to workplace safety violations and paid $1.55 millions in a cash settlement. The company took responsibility for the deaths of five workers and the injuries to three. This plea deal gets RPI out of a civil lawsuit and subjects them to further monitoring for workplace safety violations.

</doc>
<doc id="19988895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988895" title="Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact">
Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact

The Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact was an agreement signed between the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike and the leader of the main Tamil political party in Sri Lanka S. J. V. Chelvanayakam on July 26, 1957. It advocated the creation of a series of regional councils in Sri Lanka as a means to giving a certain level of autonomy to the Tamil people of the country, and was intended to solve the communal disagreements that were occurring in the country at the time. 
The act was strongly opposed by certain sections of both the Sinhalese and Tamil communities, and was eventually torn up by Prime Minister Bandaranaike in May 1958. The abandonment of the pact led to tensions between the two communities, resulting in a series of outbreaks of ethnic violence in the country which eventually spiraled into the 26 year Sri Lankan Civil War. Prime Minister Bandaranaike's later attempts to pass legislation similar to the agreement was met by strong opposition, and led to his assassination by a Buddhist monk in 1959.
Background.
Following the gaining of independence for Sri Lanka from Britain in 1948, English continued to be the official language of the country. However sections within the Sinhalese community, who wanted the country to distance itself from its colonial past, began a campaign to have Sinhala made the official language of Sri Lanka. At the 1956 parliamentary elections, the leader of the Mahajana Eksath Peramuna, S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike campaigned on a promise to make Sinhala the sole official language of Sri Lanka. With the support of extremist Sinhalese figures, Bandaranaike won the election and was named the 4th Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. After his government was set up, he made it his priority to follow up on his promises related the language issue, and introduced the Official Language Act (commonly known as the Sinhala Only Act) on June 5, 1956. In opposition to the act, Tamil People staged a hartal in parts of the country, and demonstrated in front of the parliament at Galle Face Green.
In reaction to the legislation, the main Tamil political party in Sri Lanka, the Federal Party (known as the "Ilankai Tamil Arasu Kadchi" in Tamil) put forward four major demands at their convention held in Trincomalee on August 20, 1956. They were,
The Federal Party vowed that if their demands were not met by August 20, 1957, they would engage in “direct action by non-violent means” to achieve these objectives. They also called on their supporters to prepare for a prolonged struggle.
At the same time, Prime Minister Bandaranaike faced pressure from Sinhalese extremist groups who complained about the delays in enforcing the Official Languages Act.
Signing of the pact.
Fearing that violence would break out if an agreement between the leaders of the communities was not reached, S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike reached out to the Federal Party leadership, who agreed to meet the Prime Minister in April 1957. The first meeting between a Federal Part delegation comprising its leader S. J. V. Chelvanayakam, V. A. Kandiah, N. R. Rajavarothayam, Dr E. M. V. Naganathan and V. Navaratnam, and a government delegation which included Prime Minister Bandaranaike, Minister Stanley de Zoysa and P. Navaratnarajah took place at Bandaranaike’s ancestral house at Horagolla. A second meeting took place at Bandaranaike’s residence in Rosemead Place, Colombo, and a final meeting was held at the Senate building on July 26, 1957. The discussions concluded successfully, with an agreement reached between the leaders. It was described by the ITAK as an “interim adjustment”, and would later be known as the Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact.
The pact was a landmark in the history of Sri Lanka, as it marked for the first time a political agreement had been reached between the leaders of the two main ethnic groups of the country. Both sides made concessions by agreeing to the pact, with Chelvanayakam accepting less than federalism that had been demanded by the Federal Party, and Bandaranaike agreeing to give regional councils substantial powers.
However the pact left out the issue of citizenship for Tamils of Indian origin. Chelvanayakam was also not entirely pleased that he had been unable to obtain a single, merged, North-Eastern province for Tamils, as he feared a divide could ensue between Tamil people in the north and the east of the country. Despite the initial doubts, the agreement was seen as a reasonable compromise by both sides, and it was believed that both Bandaranaike and Chelvanayakam had enough credibility amongst their communities to pass it through. With the agreement, the government was also able to prevent the campaign threatened by the Federal Party across the country.
As an initial step towards implementing the pact, the legislators of the Mahajana Eksath Peramuna agreed on a draft of the Regional Councils Bill, which would combine the 22 districts of the country into regions. The councilors of the Regional Councils were to be chosen by urban and municipal councilors.
Opposition.
The pact was greeted by mixed reception around the country, and was immediately opposed by certain sections of both communities.
The leader of the All Ceylon Tamil Congress, G. G. Ponnambalam opposed the pact, as did Member of Parliament C Suntheralingham, who in a letter to Chelvanayakam wrote that instead of the regional councils promised by the pact, he wanted “an autonomous Tamil state which would constitute a Commonwealth of Dominion of Tamil Ilankai”.
It also sparked suspicion among Sinhalese nationalist leaders, who saw it as a sell out to Tamil people. The main opposition in the Sinhalese community came from the opposition United National Party, headed by J. R. Jayawardene. Following the defeat of the UNP in the 1956 elections, Jayawardene invited former leader Dudley Senanayake to re-enter politics, and UNP used their opposition to the agreement as the basis of their return to active politics.
March to Kandy.
In September 1957, Jayawardene announced a 72 mile march from Colombo to the central city of Kandy in opposition to the pact. He declared that at the end of the march, he would pray against the agreement at the sacred Buddhist shrine the Temple of the Tooth, and invoke the blessings of the gods against the agreement. The proposed march was banned by the government, which cited fears of violence, but the ban was ignored by the UNP.
The march began on October 4, 1957, with Jayawardene and Dudley Senanayake and the head of the procession. At Grandpass junction in Colombo, the march was pelted with stones by supporters of the SLFP. Opposition to the march intensified further as it passed Kelaniya, and S. D. Bandaranaike, nephew of Prime Minister Bandaranaike, squatted in the middle of the road with his supporters to stop the march at Imbulgoda, in Gampaha. As a result, the UNP was forced to give up the march, and they proceeded to Kandy by vehicle, where they declared they would oppose the setting up of regional councils.
Continuing ethnic tensions.
As opposition to the agreement was growing, other factors were causing increased tensions between the two communities. In 1957, the government introduced legislation to place the Sinhalese “sri” character on the number plates of all vehicles in the country. This was strongly opposed by Tamil people, and the Federal Party organized an “anti-sri” campaign. Participants in the campaign went around the north of the country applying tar on the sri character on vehicles they came across. This was met with anger amongst the Sinhalese community, who painted over Tamil characters in billboards around the south of the country.
Abrogation.
Amid the growing opposition to the pact, Prime Minister Bandaranaike continued his efforts to convince the people of the country that it was the best solution to the communal problems of the country. He equated the pact to the Middle Way doctrine of Buddhism. However the demonstrations continued, and came to a head on April 9, 1958 when approximately 100 Buddhist monks and 300 other people staged a protest on the lawn of Bandaranaike’s Rosemead Place residence. They demanded that the Prime Minister abrogate the agreement he signed with Chelvanayakam.
After listening to the monks and consulting a few members of his cabinet, Bandaranaike publicly tore the agreement into pieces. Upon the insistence of the monks, he also gave them a written pledge that the pact would be abrogated.
Reaction.
The Prime Minister's decision to abrogate the pact was greeted with dismay by moderate Tamil politicians. Savumiamoorthy Thondaman called it the “saddest day in the history of Ceylon’s racial relations”. V Navaratnam, a member of the Federal party who took part in the initial discussions later wrote “(Bandaranaike's enemies) forced him to treat the B-C Pact like Adolf Hitler treated the solemn undertaking which he gave to Neville Chamberlain at Munich. To them the B-C Pact was as much a piece of paper as was the Munich paper to Hitler."
In response to the abrogation, the Federal Party declared they would launch a direct action campaign in the form of a non-violent Satyagraha to achieve their objectives. The decision was announced at the party’s annual convention held in May 1958. However, before the protests could begin, a series of riots broke out across the country, further damaging relations between the two communities.
Assassination of Bandaranaike.
On August 5, 1958, Prime Minister Bandaranaike introduced the Tamil Language (Special Provisions) Act No. 28 of 1958, as a compromise measure to appease the Tamil community. The bill act part of the original Official Languages Act, but had been removed at the insistence of Sinhalese extremists. The bill was passed on August 14, 1958, and it dealt with the provisions regarding education, public service entrance examinations and the administration of the north and east of the country. However it did not satisfy the Tamil politicians, and it also led Buddhists who worked for Bandaranaike to be increasingly dissatisfied with him.
At the same time, the country faced unrelated anti-government strikes organized by the leftist LSSP and other communist parties in the country. In May 1959, leftist members of Bandaranaike’s administration including Philip Gunawardena quit the government and joined the opposition.
As Prime Minister S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike struggled to keep his party in power, Talduwe Somarama, a Buddhist monk called upon Bandaranaike at his residence in Rosemead Place. As Bandaranaike was paying obeisance to Somarama, the monk took out a revolver and shot Bandaranaike in his stomach at point blank range. Bandaranaike succumbed to his injuries the next day. A commission of inquiry later found that the monk was manipulated by former supporters of Bandaranaike, who helped him get elected in 1956, but now opposed his moves to appease the Tamil population.
Later attempts to revive the pact.
At the 1960 parliamentary elections in Sri Lanka, no party was able to obtain a majority in the country’s 151 member legislature. As a result, the United National Party, which obtained the most seats by a single party, formed an unstable minority government. In its quest to form a government, the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP), successor to the Mahajana Eksath Peramuna, reached out to the Federal Party, and the two sides reached an agreement that if the Federal Party helped the SLFP form a government, the Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact would be included in the throne speech as a policy statement of the new SLFP government.
As a result, the SLFP and the Federal Party, along with a number of other minority parties, voted against the speaker nominee of the UNP government, and on April 22, 1960 defeated the throne speech of the UNP government by a majority of 86 votes to 61. However instead of calling on the SLFP to form a government, the Governor General of the country called for fresh elections in July of the same year.
Throughout the subsequent election campaign, the SLFP maintained contact with the Federal Party, and the agreement to include the Bandaranaike–Chelvanayakam Pact in the throne speech of a future SLFP government remained. At the July elections, the SLFP achieved a convincing victory, winning 75 seats. This permitted the party, now headed by assassinated Prime Minister S. W. R. D Bandaranaike’s widow Sirimavo Bandaranaike, to form a government without the help of the Federal Party. As a result, they cast aside the agreement with the Federal Party, and later introduced legislation to make Sinhala the official language of the courts of the country.
In explaining the decision, Felix Dias Bandaranaike said the government did not go though with the agreement as it would have given the UNP an opportunity to “incite the Sinhalese extremists” as they had done in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19988909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988909" title="Maud Johnson">
Maud Johnson

Maud Battle Johnson (ca. 1918 — September 5, 1985) was an US journalist and author of romance novels. Johnson began her writing career working for newspapers in North Carolina, eventually becoming managing editor of the "Rocky Mount Evening Telegram". Her novels for teen-aged girls included a romance series set in Virginia — where Johnson later died of cancer — the novels, beginning in 1979 with "I'm Christy" and continuing through "Christy's Choice", "Christy's Love," and "Christy's Senior Year", were best sellers but were critically panned as "corny" and "bland." Johnson died in Richmond, Virginia, but was buried in Pineview Cemetery in Rocky Mount; her final novel, "Dating Blues", was published after her death.
Other references.
"Maud Battle Johnson" (obituary), "Washington Post", September 9, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19988910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988910" title="Live from Austin Texas (Widespread Panic album)">
Live from Austin Texas (Widespread Panic album)

Live from Austin TX is a performance by Athens, Georgia's Widespread Panic that came from the Austin City Limits vaults. The DVD is part of the Austin City Limits concert series that features previously unreleased performances from the television show. The finished product is limited selection of eleven songs that have been re-mixed and remastered in stereo and 5.1 surround sound. The original performance was recorded on October 31, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19988936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988936" title="Gutenborner">
Gutenborner

Gutenborner is a white German wine grape that is also used in English wine production. The grape was created in 1928 by Heinrich Birk at Forschungsanstalt Geisenheim by crossing of Müller-Thurgau and Bicane (also known as Chasselas Napoleon).
The only synonym of Gutenborner is its breeding code, Geisenheim 17-52.

</doc>
<doc id="19988941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988941" title="Association Royale des Radio Amateurs du Maroc">
Association Royale des Radio Amateurs du Maroc

The Association Royale des Radio Amateurs du Maroc (ARRAM) (in English, Royal Association of Radio Amateurs of Morocco) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Morocco. Key membership benefits of the ARRAM include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. The ARRAM operates a club station with the call sign CN8MC. The ARRAM represents the interests of Moroccan amateur radio operators before Moroccan and international regulatory authorities. The ARRAM is the national member society representing Morocco in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19988945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988945" title="Widderfeld">
Widderfeld

The Widderfeld is a mountain in the Emmental Alps, located west of the Pilatus in Central Switzerland. The summit lies on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Lucerne. The tripoint between the cantons of Lucerne, Obwalden and Nidwalden (1,920 m) lies 300 m north of the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19988949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988949" title="Toutes les femmes de ta vie">
Toutes les femmes de ta vie

"Toutes les femmes de ta vie" () is a 2001 song recorded by French band L5. It was band's debut single released on November 26, 2001, from its first album "L5" on which it features as first track. The song was also included on the band's 2004 album live "Le live". It was a huge success in France where it was a number-one hit and can be considered as L5's signature song. 
The song was produced by Maxim Nucci, Jenifer Bartoli's boyfriend at the time. "Toutes les femmes de ta vie" was inspired by a Britney Spears' song and was originally composed for Ophélie Winter. This woman anthem had several writers, including Doriand who recorded "Au Diable le Paradis" in 1994. "Toutes les femmes de ta vie" is currently the 54th best-selling single of all time in France and was part of many French compilations such as "Barbie la compilation", "Star of the TV", "Just Girls" and "Hits de diamant". The song was also included on L5's 2006 best of.
It was band's sole charting single in Belgium (Wallonia).

</doc>
<doc id="19988955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988955" title="Cartoon Network (Latin America)">
Cartoon Network (Latin America)

Cartoon Network (, ) is a cable television channel, distributed by the Time Warner-owned Cartoon Network for the Latin American region and the Caribbean. It is divided into four feeds, all originating from its central headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. Three are in Spanish (Mexico, Argentina and the rest of Latin America in Colombian time), and one is in Portuguese for Brazil.
It primarily airs cartoons and animated programming, marketed towards children and teens. Operated in Latin America by Turner Broadcasting System Latin America, it began broadcasting on April 30, 1993 as the first children-oriented cable channel available in all of Latin America. Argentina and Mexico had previously launched children's cable channels (The Big Channel and Cablín in Argentina and ZAZ in Mexico, all of which are now defunct), but they were only available in their respective countries.
Programming.
The channel primarily airs shows and animated series, both original to Cartoon Network and others that have been acquired from outside networks.
10 of the 15 most popular shows amongst children aged 6 to 10 years old are broadcast by Cartoon Network Latin America, including The Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Laboratory, Cow and Chicken, Johnny Bravo, among others. Older franchises like Scooby-Doo, Tom & Jerry, and Looney Tunes are also broadcast, as well as popular global franchises like Pokémon and original series such as the Ben 10 franchise and Adventure Time. Cartoon Network Latin America also aired original productions and live-action series such as "La CQ" (first original Mexican live-action series), "Monica's Gang" (based on the popular Brazilian comics) and "Mr. Young". Recently acquired by means of Saban Entertainment the franchises: Digimon and Power Rangers who were in possession prior to Nickelodeon (Latin America).
Services.
Since 2007, the channel has offered other services.
Cartoon Network Móvel/Celular.
Cartoon Network Móvel (Celular in Brazil) is a paid service for mobile phones, offering videos, wallpapers, games, screensavers, speech tones, ringtones, among other products.
Cartoon Network 3.0.
Its new slogan has changed to Cartoon Network 2.7. Their website was redesigned with new options for community involvement. Users can create accounts and interact with other registered users on the website. The website is only available until 3:00AM. Now, since January/2014 their website are Cartoon Network 3.0, more easy to navegate.
Signal structure.
All four signals are generated by central headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia except for the Generic Signal.
Cartoon Network Mexico.
Cartoon Network Mexico is an alternating signal available only in Mexico, the signal has the same programming that has the channel throughout Latin America, but has a different schedule and programming distribution. In 2003, Cartoon Network celebrated its tenth anniversary with a three-day party at Perisur mall in Mexico City.
Cartoon Network Brazil.
In Brazil, the channel is the most watched in the pay TV category, often rivaling "Discovery Kids" in audience shares. It acts as an independent channel, although much of its programming is the same as the Latin American counterpart.
Unlike its Latin American counterpart, the Brazilian feed has in its own schedule, according the Brazilian laws quota, shows like "Monica's Gang", "Gui & Estopa", "Sítio do Picapau Amarelo", "Haunted Tales" and "Jorel's Brother". Though often criticized by its former fans, regarding the schedule with its own censure and also for dropped the "Toonami" block and the "Adult Swim" network from the schedule.
Moreover, it is widely criticized for its parental rating classifying Adventure Time as "inappropriate for children under 12" and Regular Show that has come to be classified as "inappropriate for children under 14 years." Several of the episodes were censored including dialogues and scenes.
Cartoon Network Argentina.
The channel is among the most watched cable channels in Argentina and marketing level signals have increased since its launch.
Cartoon Network took part in the animation of the film "Patoruzito" and its sequel "Patoruzito 2". Both were co-produced with Red lojo Telefe productions, along with the production of the mini-series "Patoruzito". In 2006, Cartoon Network launched a content bonus card, together with a multimedia web service called "Monthly Cartoon", which sponsored a competition to work at Cartoon Network Studios as well as scholarships at universities for the arts. In Alto Palermo, there is a "Toon Cup" held once every 4 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19988959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988959" title="Hans Söhnker">
Hans Söhnker

Hans Söhnker (11 October 1903 – 20 April 1981) was a German film actor. He appeared in 105 films between 1933 and 1980. He was born in Kiel, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19988989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988989" title="Humagne Blanche">
Humagne Blanche

Humagne Blanche or Humagne is a white Swiss wine grape planted primarily in the Valais region. The total Swiss plantations of the variety in 2009 stood at .
The grape produces a full bodied wine that is more rich than Amigne and Petite Arvine, but more neutral in flavour than the latter.
DNA profiling at Changins in Switzerland and Aosta in Italy established that Humagne Blanche is not related to the red Swiss variety Humagne Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="19988993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988993" title="Eric Toms">
Eric Toms

Eric Toms (born August 17, 1979 in San Jose, California) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and television personality, and host of Fox Reality Channel’s Reality Binge.
Career.
After dropping out of San Jose State University in 1998, Eric joined the theater group Big Lil’s in downtown San Jose. Two years after joining, the group created a sketch troupe called “SUTN” and Toms became a cast member, head writer and video producer. The group was signed to a television deal with KRON4 and produced over 50 shows before moving to UPN in San Francisco to produce another 12. In 2008, Toms won the host role and became a story producer for the comedy clip show "Reality Binge" on Fox Reality Channel. Working on "Reality Binge" later led to a guest appearance on Good Day LA and a number of other panel shows. He guest starred as Gilroy Smith in the "Sonny With a Chance" season 1 finale "Sonny: So Far".
Film roles.
In 2001 Toms began his film career in the low-budget indie film "Pins and Needles". He went on to perform in the historical drama "Valley of the Heart’s Delight". In 2008 Toms performed in "Growing Out", a film by Graham and Garett Ratliff.

</doc>
<doc id="19989008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989008" title="Mediaweek">
Mediaweek

Mediaweek was a New York–based trade magazine owned by e5 Global Media. It is part of Adweek Media Group, which in October 2008 announced the merging of its three separate editorial teams ("Adweek", "Brandweek" and Mediaweek) into one. In 2011, "Mediaweek" and "Brandweek" were merged into Adweek.
The chief editor was Michael Burgi.

</doc>
<doc id="19989017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989017" title="Bose L1 Portable Systems">
Bose L1 Portable Systems

Bose makes the L1 Portable Systems. When introduced in 2003 they were called Personalized Amplification Systems for Musicians. Bose has been actively encouraging the use of the term L1 for this product line as the L1 portable line array. Colloquially it was known as PAS (Personalized Amplification System) but the acronym is a registered trademark of another company. 
On October 15, 2003, Bose Corporation began selling the L1 Model I family of products through its internal CFDT sales division, and direct sales online through its website (in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada or U.S. Virgin Islands only). Guitar Center and Musicians Friend began selling these products on November 1, 2003, in stores nationwide.
The original L1 System is now known simply as the L1 Classic. It was replaced by the L1 Model I. This new model looks and is functionally similar to the Classic. The L1 Model I is RoHS compliant, as is the L1® Model II. 
The L1 Model I and Model II systems were introduced March 28, 2007 and became available for sale May 1 the same year, through its internal sales groups and participating authorized dealers. At the same time the T1 ToneMatch Audio Engine was introduced. This separate processor is the main input and user interface for the Model II. It is also compatible with the original L1 System and the L1® Compact that was to follow in 2009. 
The L1 Compact was introduced April 2009. This was significantly smaller and lighter than the previous portable line array systems (approximatel 30 pounds). It used a 6 driver articulated array having approximately 180° horizontal dispersion and 40° vertical dispersion. 
In July 2012, the L1 Model I was discontinued.
On September 27, 2012 Bose Corporation introduced the L1 Model 1S and the B2 Bass Module. The Model 1S looks identical to the Model II except that the Cylindrical Radiator® is only 12 drivers instead of 24 and it does not support the expanded bass options of the Model II. The B2 Bass Module is approximately double the physical dimensions of the B1 Bass Module, and unlike the B1 it has a three-position sensing switch, allowing bass output to be adjusted for different applications. 
Bose maintains an active Musicians Community Message Board for support, and there is an owner maintained Unofficial Wiki and FAQ.

</doc>
<doc id="19989018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989018" title="P. Kakkan">
P. Kakkan

P. Kakkan (sometimes Kakkan) () (June 18, 1908 – December 23, 1981) was a Dalit leader, freedom fighter and Indian politician who served as a member of the Constituent Assembly of India, Member of Parliament, President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and in various ministerial posts in Congress Governments in the erstwhile Madras state between 1957 and 1967.
Early life.
Kakkan was born in a Scheduled caste family on June 18, 1908 in Village called Thumbaipatti In Melur Taluk, madurai district of Madras Presidency. His father Poosari Kakkan was a "Poosari" in the village shrine.
Indian Independence Movement.
Kakkan was drawn to the independence movement from an early stage in his life. While in school, he joined the Indian National Congress. When the Rajaji Government brought forth the Temple Entry Authorization and Indemnity Act 1939 which removed restrictions on Dalits and Shanars entering temples, Kakkan led the temple entry at Madurai. He also participated in the Quit India Movement and was sent to Alipore jail. In 1946, he was elected to the Constituent Assembly. and served from 1946 to 1950.
Politics of Free India.
Kakkan served as a member of the Lok Sabha from 1952 to 1957. When K. Kamaraj resigned as the President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee in order to take office as the Chief Minister of Madras state, Kakkan was elected as the President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee. Following the 1957 elections when the Indian National Congress was re-elected to power in the Madras state, Kakkan was sworn in as the Minister for Public Works (excluding Electricity), Harijan Welfare, Scheduled Areas and Scheduled Tribes on April 13, 1957 From March 13, 1962 to October 3, 1963, Kakkan served as the Minister of Agriculture. On April 24, 1962, he was appointed as a member of the Business Advisory Committee. and as Home Minister on October 3, 1963 and served till 1967 when the Indian National Congress was defeated in the Assembly elections.
Later life and death.
In the 1967 Assembly elections, Kakkan stood for elections from Melur (South) constituency and lost to Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate O. P. Raman. Following his defeat in the 1967 elections, Kakkan retired from politics.
Work.
Some of Kakkan's achievements as Minister have been the construction of the Mettur and Vaigai reservoirs and the formation of the Harijan Seva Sangh for the upliftment and welfare of Dalits. As Minister of Agriculture, he established two Agriculture Universities in Madras state. In 1999, the Government of India released a postage stamp commemorating Kakkan and his contributions to the nation.
Ideology.
Being the son of a priest, Kakkan was deeply religious. He was also a staunch follower of Mahatma Gandhi. When Periyar, the leader of the Self-respect movement publicly declared his intention to organize a Dravidar Kazhagam procession to the Marina in order to burn pictures of the Hindu God Rama, Kakkan warned Periyar that the desecration of images would constitute an "anti-social act" that would forsake the strong faith in God by which Gandhi won independence for India. When Periyar tried to ignore the warning, he was arrested and confined in prison though the Government was not able to stop Dravidar Kazhagam activists from burning pictures of Lord Rama.
Family.
Kakkan's brother Viswanathan Kakkan, an advocate, was a former Vice-President of the Hindu Munnani and a well-known devotee of the Shankaracharya of Kanchi, Jayendra Saraswathi. He unsuccessfully contested the 2006 Assembly election in Tamil Nadu from Perambur as a candidate of the Janata Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19989020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989020" title="Xanthine oxidase inhibitor">
Xanthine oxidase inhibitor

A xanthine oxidase inhibitor is any substance that inhibits the activity of xanthine oxidase, an enzyme involved in purine metabolism. In humans, inhibition of xanthine oxidase reduces the production of uric acid, and several medications that inhibit xanthine oxidase are indicated for treatment of hyperuricemia and related medical conditions including gout. Xanthine oxidase inhibitors are being investigated for management of reperfusion injury.
Xanthine oxidase inhibitors are of two kinds: purine analogues and others. Purine analogues include allopurinol, oxypurinol, and tisopurine. Others include febuxostat, topiroxostat, and inositols (phytic acid and myo-inositol).
In experiments, numerous natural products have been found to inhibit xanthine oxidase in vitro or in model animals (mice, rats). These include three flavonoids that occur in many different fruits and vegetables: kaempferol, myricetin, and quercetin. More generally, planar flavones and flavonols with a 7-hydroxyl group inhibit xanthine oxidase. An essential oil extracted from "Cinnamomum osmophloeum" inhibits xanthine oxidase in mice. The natural product propolis from selected sources inhibits xanthine oxidase in rats; the specific substance responsible for this inhibition has not been identified, and the generality of these findings is unknown. An extract of leaves of "Pistacia integerrima" also inhibits xanthine oxidase at a level that appears to merit further research.
In folk medicine the tree fern "Cyathea spinulosa" (formerly "Alsophila spinulosa") has been used for gout, but its most active component, caffeic acid, is only a weak inhibitor of xanthine oxidase.

</doc>
<doc id="19989022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989022" title="Schijen (SZ, UR, GL)">
Schijen (SZ, UR, GL)

The Schijen is a mountain of the Glarus Alps in Switzerland, located west of the Ortstock. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Schwyz, Uri and Glarus. The Schijen lies on the range that lies between the Glattalp and the Urnerboden.

</doc>
<doc id="19989035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989035" title="Kéknyelű">
Kéknyelű

Kéknyelű is a white Hungarian wine grape planted primarily in the Badacsony wine region near Lake Balaton. The grape produces full bodied, smokey wines. 
It was assumed to be identical with the Italian grape variety Picolit. But in 2006 isoenzymes and microsatellite analyses have confirmed that this two cultivars are different.

</doc>
<doc id="19989036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989036" title="Edmund de Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Chartley">
Edmund de Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Chartley

Edmund de Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Chartley (1386–1435) was the son of Robert de Ferrers, 4th Baron Ferrers of Chartley and Margaret Le Despenser - a daughter of Sir Edward Le Despenser.
He inherited the title of Baron Ferrers of Chartley upon his father's death in 1413 but was never summoned to parliament.
Edmund fought in most of the great victories of King Henry V including the Battle of Agincourt and married Helen, daughter and co-heir of Thomas de la Roche, by whom he acquired large landed possessions, amongst which was that of Castle Bromwich in the county of Warwickshire.
The couple had two sons, Edmund (to whom his estates were entailed) and William who became William, 6th Baron Ferrers of Chartley as well as one daughter Margaret de Ferrers who married John Beauchamp, 1st Baron Beauchamp of Powick becoming Lady Beaucamp of Powick in her own right.
Edmund de Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Chartley died aged 49 in 1435.

</doc>
<doc id="19989067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989067" title="Henry Currey (architect)">
Henry Currey (architect)

Henry Currey (1820–1900) was an English architect and surveyor.
Family life.
He was born in October 1820, the third son of a solicitor, Benjamin Currey of Old Palace Yard, Westminster. He married Emily Harriet Rugge-Price in Spring Grove, London on 2 April 1845. Emily, born in 1818 and two years Henry's senior, was the daughter of Sir Charles Rugge-Price. There were four children from the marriage: Annette, Charles, Henrietta and Percival, who also became an architect.
Education and work.
Educated at Dr Pinckney's School at East Sheen and at Eton College, where he rowed in the school eight against Westminster, Currey was articled to the architect Decimus Burton for five years. He then worked for five years at the office of William Cubitt (1791–1863) and Company of Gray's Inn Road, London.
His first medical works were for the Surrey Lunatic Asylum, and soon after, in 1847, he was appointed as the architect and surveyor to the governors of St Thomas' Hospital, a post he held until his death. In this post he designed the new hospital, built in the 'pavilion style', which opened on the Albert Embankment by Westminster Bridge in 1871, including a teaching hospital and a nursing school to a design approved by Florence Nightingale.
He was also the architect and surveyor to Coram's Foundling Hospital and to the Magdalen Hospital in London.
Other notable works include:
He was a Fellow of the RIBA from 1856 and served as its vice-president in 1874–77 and 1889–93. He was also a fellow of the Surveyors' Institute (now the RICS) and an associate of the Institute of Civil Engineers.
Death and interment.
He died at his home, The Chestnuts, Lawrie Park, Sydenham on 23 November 1900 and was buried in West Norwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19989069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989069" title="Dieter Borsche">
Dieter Borsche

Albert Eugen Rollomann (25 October 1909 – 5 August 1982), better known as Dieter Borsche, was a German actor. He appeared in over 90 films between 1935 and 1981. He was born in Hanover, Germany and died in Nuremberg, Germany.
Borsche became a film star after the Second World War following his performance in "Keepers of the Night" (1949).

</doc>
<doc id="19989073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989073" title="Loureira">
Loureira

Loureira, Loureiro or Loureiro Blanco is a white wine grape cultivated primarily in Galicia, Spain. It is also grown across the border in the Portuguese wine region of Minho where it is known as Loureiro and used in Vinho Verde. It is made either as a varietal wine or in a blend with Treixadura.
Synonyms.
Loureira is also known under the synonyms Arinto, Branco Redondo, Branco Redondos, Dorado, Dourada, Dourado, False Pedro, Gallego Dourado, Loeireiro Blanco, Loureiro, Loureiro Blanco, Marques, Marquez, and Rutherglen Pedro.

</doc>
<doc id="19989094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989094" title="Loureiro">
Loureiro

Loureiro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989097" title="Sri Lankan cricket team in Zimbabwe in 2008–09">
Sri Lankan cricket team in Zimbabwe in 2008–09

The Sri Lanka national cricket team toured Zimbabwe in November 2008 to play 5 Limited Overs Internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="19989102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989102" title="Skol Company">
Skol Company

The Skol Company produced Skol antiseptic for sunburn and Skol sunglasses from the 1920s through the mid-1940s. Based in New York, their products were available in the United States and Canada. George Gallowhur was president of the business. He developed Skol suntan lotion in the Austrian Alps in the 1920s. He also introduced Skat insect repellent.
In April 1938, the firm signed a five-year contract with the J. Walter Thompson Company for car-card advertising.
The following month the Skol Company launched a nationwide campaign to promote Skol sunglasses, utilizing newspapers throughout the United
States.
Merger and sale.
On November 6, 1946, the Skol Company merged with the Gallowhur Chemical Company. Gallowhur maintained his titles as president and treasurer. The Skol business was
sold to the J.B. Williams Company in 1948. 
Gallowhur died at the age of 69 at the Miami Heart Institute in Miami, Florida, in March 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19989107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989107" title="Georgia Land Conservation Program">
Georgia Land Conservation Program

The Georgia Land Conservation Program (GLCP) works to permanently protect Georgia's land and water resources through public/private partnerships. Created in 2005 by former Governor Sonny Perdue through the Georgia Land Conservation Act, the GLCP provides grants, low-interest loans, and tax credits to achieve permanent land conservation through conservation easements and fee simple ownership.
Conservation Objectives.
Managed by the Georgia Environmental Finance Authority, the GLCP has 10 conservation objectives:
The Georgia Conservation Tax Credit Program.
The GLCP also administers the Georgia Conservation Tax Credit Program. The tax credit allows landowners who donate fee-title lands or permanent conservation easements to apply for a credit against their state income taxes. Appproved donors may earn credits equal to 25 percent of the fair market value of their donations, up to $250,000 for individual donors, and $500,000 for corporate and partnership donors.
The Land Conservation Council.
The Land Conservation Council, which governs the GLCP, includes five state agency leaders and four gubernatorial appointments.

</doc>
<doc id="19989111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989111" title="Geoffrey Warde">
Geoffrey Warde

Geoffrey Hodgson Warde was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century. 
He was born on 23 August 1889 and educated at Tonbridge School and Keble College, Oxford. Ordained in 1915, he was a curate at St Pancras before wartime service as a Chaplain to the Forces, after which he was Priest in Charge at All Saints, Pimlico and then Vicar of St Mark's, Regent's Park. From 1922 to 1928 he was "Deputy Priest-in-Ordinary" to the King and then Dean of Gibraltar. Returning to England in 1933 he became Rural Dean of Grantham then Archdeacon of Carlisle before his last appointment as Bishop of Lewes. He retired in 1959 and died on 20 May 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19989112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989112" title="Bunny Campione">
Bunny Campione

Bunny Campione (born Anastasia Campione) is known for her many appearances on the long running BBC television programme Antiques Roadshow, on which she has appeared for over 20 years.
She worked at Sotheby's for 23 years gaining a wide knowledge of antiques firstly in the Furniture department and then the Collectors' department.
She is now a senior consultant to Christie's, London. She lives on the Essex / Suffolk border with her husband Iain Grahame and she runs her own company, Campione Fine Art, buying and selling antiques on behalf of clients. She has a particular interest in, and knowledge of, automata, bird-cages, corkscrews, dolls, dolls' houses, miniature and early furniture, and soft toys.
Her uncle was English film actor Stewart Granger, the brother of her mother Iris.
External links.
http://peeragenews.blogspot.co.uk/2013/02/alice-amaryllis-gibson-watt-1978-2012.html

</doc>
<doc id="19989121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989121" title="Vincent Orange (historian)">
Vincent Orange (historian)

Dr George Vincent Orange, (born in 1935 and known as "Vincent"—November 2012) was a British-born New Zealand historian, best known for his military biographies of RAF commanders John Slessor, Keith Park and Arthur Tedder. These received positive reviews, with British historian Sebastian Ritchie, for example, describing the Tedder biography as a "very important" book with an "eminently balanced narrative".
Biography.
Orange was born in 1935, in Shildon, County Durham and was educated at St. Mary's Grammar School, in Darlington, and at Hull University. Orange served in the Royal Air Force from 1953 to 1956.
In 1962 he went to live in New Zealand and taught History at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch until he retired in 2002. Orange was married to Sandra, and has a stepdaughter Sarah.
Acting.
In his younger days, Orange had parts in 20 stage plays and 50 radio plays. He also appeared regularly on television, commenting on current affairs.
Articles.
Among Orange's many peer reviewed articles is:"Cutting through the Political Jungle: Eisenhower and Tedder as Allies and Friends, 1942-1945." "Air Power Review" Vol. 3 No. 4 (Winter 2000), pp. 75–86.
Books.
Along with numerous articles and conference papers, Orange authored 11 books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19989129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989129" title="Barbara Rütting">
Barbara Rütting

Barbara Rütting (born 21 November 1927) is a German film actress and author. She appeared in 50 films between 1952 and 1979. She was born in Ludwigsfelde-Wietstock, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989133" title="Grieshorn">
Grieshorn

The Grieshorn (also known as "Corno Gries") is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located on the Swiss-Italian border. With an altitude of 2,969 metres above sea level, it is the culminating point of the group lying between the Gries Pass, the San Giacomo Pass and the Nufenen Pass.
On the west lies the slightly lower Klein Grieshorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19989138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989138" title="Don't Drink the Water (Stone Gods song)">
Don't Drink the Water (Stone Gods song)

"Don't Drink the Water" is the third single from Stone Gods, and the second song on their debut album, "Silver Spoons & Broken Bones". It was announced on September 2, 2008, on the official website blog, and released on 27 October 2008, and reached number 2 in the UK Rock Chart and 10 in the UK Indie Chart. Along with the title track came two B-sides, ("Making It Hard" and "Knight Of The Living Dead") recorded at Norwich Waterfront in June. They are both live.
The current Stone Gods drummer, Robin Goodridge, does not play on this single, as it was recorded before Ed Graham's departure.
The lyrics detail a man's holiday in Spain, not caring and relieving stress, with the title of the song referring to the warning phrase "Don't drink the water", used to deter foreign visitors from drinking water of which their metabolism may be unused to, causing illness.
Music video.
The music video is performed entirely in a small, dark room, in which there are a few bright lights, which occasionally pulse with the music. The band is dressed in dark colours, with frontman Richie wearing a leather jacket and a pair of trademark opaque Aviator sunglasses. The camera shots are all close, swaying around and brief, resting on an individual band member for only a few seconds, and many close-ups of guitars. The video is six seconds longer than the studio track, due to the silence at the beginning of the video.
Track listing.
CD Single; all songs written by Dan Hawkins, Ritchie Edwards, Toby MacFarlaine and Ed Graham.

</doc>
<doc id="19989143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989143" title="Kasia Wilk">
Kasia Wilk

Katarzyna Wilk (born 3 January 1982 in Lubin, Poland) is a Polish contemporary R&B singer, more commonly known as Kasia Wilk.
In 2008, she began her solo career with the hit single "Pierwszy raz" which reached position 51 on the Polish National Top 50 music chart. Previously she was a vocalist for KTO TO, Dreamland, and Groovestreet. She has also collaborated with Mezo. In 2004, she received an award at the Polish National Song Festival in memory of Anna Jantar.

</doc>
<doc id="19989148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989148" title="Brazilian general election, 1945">
Brazilian general election, 1945

General elections were held in Brazil on 2 December 1945, the first since the establishment of Getúlio Vargas' Estado Novo. The presidential elections were won by Eurico Gaspar Dutra of the Social Democratic Party (PSD), whilst the PSD also won a majority of seats in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. Voter turnout was 83.1% in the presidential election, 83.5% in the Chamber elections and 76.7% in the Senate elections.
Background.
Following the end of World War II, Vargas was forced by the military to re-democratize the country. However, the military feared that Vargas would suspend the elections like he had suspended the scheduled 1938 elections in 1937 and staged a preventive coup which prematurely removed Vargas from power on October 29, 1945 and installed a caretaker government led by José Linhares to ensure the free and fair carry-out of the elections.
During this era of liberalization, Vargas founded two parties: the Social Democratic Party (PSD), a centre-right party composed primarily of the national industrial bourgeoisie which had supported Vargas and Vargas' interventors in the states, and the Brazilian Labour Party (PTB) composed of the urban working class and trade union movement. The PSD would become the largest party of the two, although Vargas used the PTB as his personal machine. The PSD consistently had the largest number of deputies until the 1964 military coup. The "Vargista" coalition had nominated Vargas' War Minister Eurico Gaspar Dutra earlier in 1945, but the PTB and Vargas offered Dutra's fledgling candidacy only lukewarm support.
Vargas' traditional opponents had founded the National Democratic Union (UDN) in April 1945. The UDN, a conservative party defending economic liberalism through public incentive to foreign capital, was mostly a party of intellectuals and the urban middle-class, as well as the remnants of the oligarchic interests of the "República Velha". It nominated the former tenente and Air Force brigadier Eduardo Gomes, later known for participating in the 1964 coup, as its presidential candidate. Gomes notably advocated repealing a majority of the social legislation and labour reforms passed during the Vargas rule.
The recently legalized Brazilian Communist Party elected 14 deputies, and the party's popular leader, Luís Carlos Prestes was elected to the Senate in Guanabara. Getúlio Vargas, nominated by the PSD and his Brazilian Labour Party (PTB) in various states including Rio Grande do Sul was elected to the Senate representing Rio Grande do Sul and São Paulo as well as elected to the Chamber in six states and Rio de Janeiro. He opted to accept the Senate seat he won for the PSD (although he supported the PTB) in Rio Grande do Sul. Former President Artur Bernardes standing for election to the Senate in Minas Gerais for the Republican Party was defeated, placing third with 21.4% of the vote.
Results.
Senate.
In the Senate elections each voter had two votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19989152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989152" title="Kosciusko and Southwestern Railway">
Kosciusko and Southwestern Railway

The Kosciusko Railway was formed in 1998 to operate the former Aberdeen District of the Illinois Central Railroad between Aberdeen Junction and Munsons Crossing, Mississippi. The 21.66 mile railroad line was purchased from the Illinois Central Railroad by the Mississippi Department of Transportation and leased to the Kosciusko & Southwestern Railway.
The company once specialized in transporting wood products from local woodyards but now is mainly in the car storage business. The railroad currently is inactive. 
The railroad interchanges with the Grenada Railway at Aberdeen Junction.
On July 28, 2011, Grenada Railway filed an embargo, due to a bridge problem, which took a portion their line out of service. This embargo, which included the part of their line which connected to KSRY, meant that no traffic would be accepted to or from points within that section. On September 20, 2011, Grenada Railway filed a formal petition to abandon that segment which included the KSRY interchange. That petition was later withdrawn, but the embargo remains in effect as of early 2013.
With no rail service available to move cars in or out, KSRY is essentially a railroad to nowhere. Although KSRY was working with three prospective shippers in Kosciusko at the time of the embargo, any such efforts were rendered useless as long as the connecting line was not in service. 
Planned repairs to two KSRY bridges were put on hold. Maintenance efforts were reduced to vegetation control in specific areas. With the expected scrapping of the cars stored on KSRY in spring 2013 and the lack of service to the interchange precluding revenue freight service, the company will have no source of revenue. The KSRY’s contract with the State of Mississippi expires at the end of June 2013. There has been a suggestion that the rails be removed and a hiking trail be created along the right of way.
Motive Power.
The KSRY has two small locomotives at its disposal:
A third locomotive, *1 Plymouth Locomotive Works 12-ton switcher (KSRY 202) was privately owned and is no longer on the property.

</doc>
<doc id="19989165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989165" title="St Symphorien Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery">
St Symphorien Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery

The St Symphorien military cemetery is a First World War burial ground 2 km east of Mons in the Belgian province of Hainaut. It was created and maintained by the German army from August 1914 until November 1918, when it passed into Allied hands, and it contains the graves of 229 Commonwealth servicemen and 284 German soldiers. The cemetery is overlooked by a "granite obelisk some seven metres high", commemorating the dead from both sides in the Battle of Mons (August 1914) as well as a Commonwealth Cross of Sacrifice. There is an additional German monument to the dead of the 4th Battalion, Middlesex Regiment from the same battle. John Parr and George Lawrence Price are buried here, traditionally believed to be the first and last Commonwealth soldiers killed in action during the First World War. St Symphorien also contains the grave of the first Iron Cross recipient of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19989187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989187" title="Charles Régnier">
Charles Régnier

Charles Régnier (22 July 1914 – 13 September 2001) was a German film actor. He appeared in over 135 films between 1949 and 2000.
He was born in Freiburg, Germany and died in Bad Wiessee, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989219" title="Just Visiting (album series)">
Just Visiting (album series)

Just Visiting is a two-part 2002 Cog EP series recorded, besides vocals, in the late 90s. Guitar and drums were recorded at Stage Door Rehearsal Studio, in Alexandria, Sydney, Australia, while bass guitar was recorded by drummer Lucius Borich, at his home on a TASCAM 8-track portastudio, before Luke Gower joined the band. These tracks served as demonstration recordings that had them booked for performance, and eventually signed to booking agent TPA, through Owen Orford. Frustrated at the lack of label interest, Orford, despite his lack of experience with record labels started his own to release the "Just Visiting" EPs, Little Samurai Records.
In 2008, the series was released as a single album, remastered by Lucius Borich, as "Just Visiting". It contained all the tracks from both albums, with a longer version of "Bondi" in place of the one released on the EP.

</doc>
<doc id="19989223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989223" title="Damiano (surname)">
Damiano (surname)

Damiano is a surname with Greek and Italian roots.
People surnamed Damiano include:
Fictional people:

</doc>
<doc id="19989236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989236" title="Leonid Zolkin">
Leonid Zolkin

Leonid Aleksandrovich Zolkin () (born 1892; died 1958) was an association football player. He was the brother of Pavel Zolkin.
International career.
Zolkin played his only game for Russia on May 4, 1913 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19989240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989240" title="Half-keyboard">
Half-keyboard

A half-keyboard is a specially designed and programmed keyboard used in limited space situations or when the typist needs a hand free to answer the phone, hold documents, etc. 
It usually consists of only the left-hand half of a normal keyboard, but is coded in such a way that if a particular key is held down (usually the spacebar), it "jumps" to being the right half of the keyboard, allowing a person to type with only one hand.
It is said to be quick to learn, because our bodies can easily replicate one motion on one side to the other side, and almost as fast as a normal keyboard. A software implementation created with AutoHotkey is available .

</doc>
<doc id="19989244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989244" title="Bernie McCullough">
Bernie McCullough

Bernie "Mac" McCullough (born Bernard Jeffrey McCullough) is a character loosely based on comic actor Bernie Mac from the Fox sitcom "The Bernie Mac Show" which ran from 2001 to 2006.
Character Biography.
Bernard Jeffrey McCullough was born in Chicago, Illinois and raised by his mother, "Big Mama". He barely knew his father and he had two sisters, Bernita (Niecy Nash) and Stacy, and an older brother, Carl (Glynn Turman), and a younger brother, Darryl. In the episode ""Sweet Home Chicago", Part Two", Bernie discovers that his father was really his "Uncle" Ellister(In that same episode, he mentions to his niece that his father showed up at his birthday party asking for money. Since his "Uncle Ellister" was his actual father this would make the man he was talking about his stepfather). He decided he wanted to be a comedian. While delivering a package to a friendly customer(who was actually his future father in law, Lloyd), he met his future wife, Wanda (Kellita Smith). He had a rough start but he eventually won her heart and they later married. When Bernie's career took off they moved to Los Angeles. During that time, Bernie lived a happy life with his beautiful wife, but although it seemed bad at first, their lives filled with joy throughout a five-year period. In the pilot, he has to take in his sisters three children: Jordan (Jeremy Suarez), Bryana (Dee Dee Davis) and Vanessa (Camille Winbush).
At first his patience is put to the test on a daily basis, especially from Vanessa's nasty attitude and Jordan constantly crying and urinating on himself. 
He commonly made threats about ""Bust yo head 'til the white meat shows!"" and ""Excuse me, America...I gotta go stunt one of them kids growth"". Mac would always speak to the audience and address them as ""America"". The show is somewhat of a spoof of a reality series.
As the show progressed, he began to love and support the children as if they were his own.
In the series finale, he gets an electrical shock and when he recovers he worries what will happen to his "Angels" if something happened to him. He decides to teach Jordan how to be more masculine (including teaching him how to make a "Mac Sandwich") and Bryana how to be more careful of the things she uses (which was the cause of his shock, because she put a Baked potato wrapped in aluminum foil in the microwave and when he tried to cut it off, he was electrocuted). Vanessa finally finds a college but does not want him to be involved. With Wanda's advice, Vanessa changes her feelings towards her uncle and they reconcile. Bernie discovers that Jordan has been taking advantage of his kindness and in the final scene of the series, Bernie takes back the iPod he bought him.
Unlike the real Bernie Mac, Bernie was married with no children; however, in real life he was married with one daughter. Bernie Mac did look after his sister's three children after his daughter had left home. Mac discussed this custody arrangement in The Original Kings of Comedy stand up show and the accompanying Spike Lee movie. It is unclear how long he cared for his two nieces and one nephew in real life.
From 2005 until 2009, The character Bernie was one of the official U'z Guys on Chicago's television station The U. The U'z Guys is a lineup of all the male main characters from the station's television programs. Bernie was removed from the lineup when "The Bernie Mac Show" was removed from the station's schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19989268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989268" title="Pavel Zolkin">
Pavel Zolkin

Pavel Aleksandrovich Zolkin () (born 1894; died 1962) was an association football player. He was the brother of Leonid Zolkin.
International career.
Zolkin played his only game for Russia on May 4, 1913 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19989278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989278" title="OSCL">
OSCL

OSCL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989288" title="Kurt Meisel">
Kurt Meisel

Kurt Meisel (18 August 1912 – 4 April 1994) was an Austrian actor and film director. He appeared in 65 films between 1934 and 1994. He also directed 21 films between 1949 and 1984.
Meisel was married to the actress Ursula Lingen. He was born and died in Vienna, Austria, and is buried on the Vienna Zentralfriedhof.

</doc>
<doc id="19989302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989302" title="Irgendwoher">
Irgendwoher

"Irgendwoher" (From somewhere) was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, composed by Lothar Löffler and performed in German by Christa Williams. This was the first Swiss entry to not be performed by Lys Assia, who had performed all Swiss entrants up to this date.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 8th, following Sweden's Brita Borg with "Augustin" and preceding Austria's Ferry Graf with "Der K und K Kalypso aus Wien". At the close of the voting the song had received 14 points, placing fourth in a field of 11. 
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1960 Contest by Anita Traversi with "Cielo e terra".

</doc>
<doc id="19989319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989319" title="Esther and the King">
Esther and the King

Ester e il re (English Translation: "Esther and the King") is a 1960 Italian / U.S.A. CinemaScope international co-productionreligious epic film directed (with Mario Bava, the film's director of photography, who was credited as a co-director on Italian prints of the film ), written, and produced by Raoul Walsh. It was produced at 20th Century Fox/ Raoul Walsh Productions, and was released by 20th Century Fox. Joan Collins stars as Esther in this melodramatic, routine Biblical story. Based on the Old Testament, this epic recreates the Book of Esther, the tale that is the basis for the Jewish celebration of Purim.
Plot.
The film is set in Persia in the 5th century BC. After the King’s wife is murdered, Esther (a Jewish woman) comes to the attention of the recently widowed King Ahasuerus. The king has been trying to stifle and defeat the campaign of hatred against the Jews by his evil minister Haman (Sergio Fantoni). Before the King can pair off with Esther and defeat the villainous Haman, there are several intervening adventures and an additional, attractive woman who competes for attention.

</doc>
<doc id="19989357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989357" title="Thomas Talbot Bury">
Thomas Talbot Bury

Thomas Talbot Bury (26 Nov 1809 – 23 Feb 1877) was a British architect and lithographer.
Bury was articled to Augustus Charles Pugin in 1824 and started his own practice in Soho in 1830. At various times he collaborated with other notable architects including Charles Lee (partners between 1845 and 1849), Louis Vulliamy and A.W.N. Pugin, with whom he detailed the Houses of Parliament under Sir Charles Barry. 
Bury's works included thirty-five churches and chapels, fifteen parsonages, twelve schools and twenty other large public buildings and private homes. His ecclesiastical works included St Mary the Virgin's Church, Woodlands (near West Kingsdown), Kent (1850); the chapels at Tonbridge cemetery (1856); St James's Church, Dover (1859); and St John the Evangelist's Church in Burgess Hill, West Sussex (1861–63). He also carried out a restoration of St Peter and St Paul's Church at Temple Ewell near Dover.
Bury was also known for his engravings and lithography, notably of the works of Augustus Welby Pugin and Owen Jones. He exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1846 and 1872, and was noted for the sketches he produced for Ackerman's series of lithographs and aquatints of the "Coloured Views of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway", in 1831, republished in 1976. 
Bury was made a Fellow of the RIBA in 1843 and was elected vice-president in 1876. He was also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, a council member of the Royal Archaeological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland and an associate of the Society of Civil Engineers.
Bury died at his home in Cavendish Square, London and is buried at West Norwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19989361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989361" title="Agnes Windeck">
Agnes Windeck

Agnes Windeck (27 March 1888 – 28 September 1975) was a German theatre and film actress. She appeared in 55 films between 1939 and 1973.
She was born in Hamburg and started her career at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus. She later worked as a teacher at the drama school of the Deutsches Theater in Berlin. In the 1930s she began to play minor roles in several films but it was not until she was in her seventies when she became a popular character actress of West German cinema and television.
Agnes Windeck died in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19989380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989380" title="1993 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1993 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1993 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama for the 1993–94 college football season, competing in the Southeastern Conference Western Division. The team was led by head coaches Gene Stallings, who was in his fourth season at the position. 
The team attempted to repeat as Bowl Coalition National Champions, following their victory in the 1993 Sugar Bowl to claim their twelfth national championship. The team began the season ranked #2 in the AP Poll, behind Florida State.
Alabama began the season by winning their first five games, extending their winning streak to 28 games, matching the longest win streak in school history. The streak ended with a 17–17 tie against Tennessee (the unbeaten streak continued to 31 games before Alabama fell to LSU 13–17).
Alabama finished second in the SEC West in 1993, but played in the SEC Championship Game as Auburn was prohibited from post-season play because of NCAA violations. In the 1993 SEC Championship Game, Alabama lost 28–13 to the Florida Gators at Legion Field. Alabama received an invitation to the versus , winning 24–10 and finishing with a 9–3–1 record.
In 1995, the NCAA found Antonio Langham guilty of receiving improper benefits after signing with an agent following the 1992 season, forcing Alabama to forfeit all games in which Langham competed. Officially, Alabama finished the season with a 1–12 record, only winning their bowl game.

</doc>
<doc id="19989389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989389" title="John R. Gibson">
John R. Gibson

John R. Gibson (born 1925) is a senior circuit judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Springfield, Missouri, Gibson was a sergeant in the United States Army from 1944 to 1946. He received an A.B. in 1949 from the University of Missouri, followed by a J.D. from the University of Missouri-Columbia School of Law in 1952. He was in private practice of law in Kansas City, Missouri from 1952 to 1981.
Federal judicial service.
Gibson was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on July 9, 1981, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri vacated by Elmo B. Hunter. Confirmed by the United States Senate on September 16, 1981, Gibson received his commission three days later. His service was terminated on March 30, 1982, due to appointment to another judicial position.
On February 2, 1982, Gibson was nominated by Reagan to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit that had been vacated by Judge Floyd Robert Gibson, who had assumed senior status. President Jimmy Carter previously had nominated Howard F. Sachs to the seat, but Sachs' nomination was not acted upon by the U.S. Senate before Carter's presidency ended, and Reagan chose not to renominate Sachs. Reagan initially had brought forth the name of Hallmark Cards associate general counsel Judith Whittaker (born June 12, 1938) as a nominee to replace Floyd Gibson. However, after it emerged that Whittaker had supported the Equal Rights Amendment, conservatives opposing her nomination launched a letter-writing campaign objecting to her nomination, and Whittaker eventually withdrew her name from consideration.
On March 4, 1982, the Senate confirmed John R. Gibson, and he received his commission on March 9, 1982.
Gibson assumed senior status on January 1, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19989391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989391" title="Gavril Yushvaev">
Gavril Yushvaev

Gavril A. Yushvaev (Russian: Гаврил Юшваев; born 1957) is a Russian businessman, who is one of the largest shareholders of the milk and juice company Wimm-Bill-Dann, located in Moscow. Yushvaev has appeared on Forbes' list of richest billionaires.

</doc>
<doc id="19989392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989392" title="Cielo e terra">
Cielo e terra

"Cielo e terra" (Heaven and earth) was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, composed by Mario Robbiani and performed in Italian by Anita Traversi.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 9th, following Monaco's François Deguelt with "Ce soir-là" and preceding the Netherlands' Rudi Carrell with "Wat een geluk". At the close of the voting the song had received 5 points, placing 8th in a field of 13. 
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1961 contest by Franca Di Rienzo with "Nous aurons demain". Anita would later come back to the contest in 1964, unfortunately, ending up with nul points.

</doc>
<doc id="19989415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989415" title="Jermaghbyur Geothermal Power Plant">
Jermaghbyur Geothermal Power Plant

The Jermaghbyur Geothermal Power Plant will be Armenia's largest geothermal power plant having an installed electric capacity of 150 MW. It will be situated in Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19989424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989424" title="Maria Petraliphaina">
Maria Petraliphaina

Maria Doukaina Komnene Petraliphaina was the wife of Theodore Komnenos Doukas. She is the earliest consort of the Despotate of Epiros known by name. The two wives of Michael I Komnenos Doukas, predecessor of her husband, were members of the Melissenos family but their first names are unknown.
Family.
George Akropolites notes that Maria had a brother, John Petraliphas, who was a ranking noble in the court of Isaac II Angelos, and was appointed as governor of Thessaly and Macedonia. His daughter Theodora Petraliphaina married Michael II Komnenos Doukas.
Marriage and children.
Maria married Theodore Komnenos Doukas. He was a son of "sebastokratōr" John Doukas and of Zoe Doukaina. According to Sturdza, Zoe was a daughter of Constantine Doukas, better known as "Macrodoukas". On 30 May 1185, Constantine was stoned to death by orders of Andronikos I Komnenos. Choniates records that his wife was a Komnene. Her parents were daughter of Isaac Komnenos (d. 1154) and his first wife Theodora.
Theodore took over as Lord of Argos, Corinth and Nafplion in 1208. He succeeded his paternal half-brother Michael I Komnenos Doukas as ruler of ruler of Epiros in 1215. He expanded his rule to Thessaly and Medieval Thessalonica. He was crowned emperor in 1225. He was captured by Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria in 1230 and effectively deposed from all his lands. Maria is presumed to have been his consort throughout the reign. Her date of death is not recorded.
They had four known children:

</doc>
<doc id="19989427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989427" title="Tak and the Guardians of Gross">
Tak and the Guardians of Gross

Tak and the Guardians of Gross is a video game released for Wii and PlayStation 2. 
Plot.
While cleaning up a shrine, Tak removes a giant crystal and inadvertently releases the four Big G's, four of the nastiest, most disgusting Titans to terrorize Tak's village: Trashthulu the landfill giant, Slopviathan the slime giant, Gorgonzilla the molten cheese giant, and Stinkolossus the stink giant. Now Tak must find the Juju masters of the Big G's and acquire the magic needed to stop the giants before they make a mess that will take Tak an eternity to clean up!

</doc>
<doc id="19989428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989428" title="KASK">
KASK

KASK (91.5 FM) is a non-commercial American radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching format, licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Fairfield, California. As of January 2009, KASK-FM is owned by Continuous Bible Talk.
History.
The station was first licensed to begin broadcasting as KASZ on 1997-02-07. On 1997-05-23, the station changed its call sign to the current KASK. 
KASK was formerly owned and operated by The Doug Matthews Group in Las Cruces, New Mexico and ceased broadcasting in the early 1990s after a venture into independent television (KASK-TV) failed and forced the company into bankruptcy. The station's format during the 1970s and 1980s was Adult Contemporary and used a reel-to-reel automation system with live assist cutaways for news, weather, and sports. The station's frequency was 103.1 FM.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989434" title="El Tepozteco">
El Tepozteco

El Tepozteco is an archaeological site in the Mexican state of Morelos. It consists of a small temple to the Aztec god Tepoztecatl, a god of the alcoholic "pulque" beverage.
In the middle Postclassic Period, various terraces and a small pyramid were built on one of the peaks of the Sierra de Tepoztlan, overlooking the pre-Columbian town of Tepoztlan. The temple became important enough to attract pilgrims from as far away as Guatemala, although the cult of Tepoztecatl was local to this site.
The site.
The temple itself stands at the western side of the site. It consists of a 6.4-meter-high platform supporting a 3.3-meter-high temple base. Upon this stand the remains of the temple building, the remains of which now stand 2.7 meters high. The temple was formed of two rooms. The first room opened onto the temple stairs, with two pillars flanking the entrance. In the centre of this room a small hollow was found, containing traces of charcoal and copal.
The entry to the small inner sanctum was also flanked by two pillars. The sculpture of Tepoztecatl was probably kept in this room.
The temple was modified several times during its history. The first consisted of a narrowing of the entrance to the inner sanctum by building flanking walls against the formerly free-standing inner pillars. The second, and most important, modification was the addition of stone benches and a small projecting cornice. On the cornice are bas-reliefs of the glyphs of the 20 days of the sacred tonalpohualli calendar. Other glyphs include a turquoise crown and a shield with arrows, which have led investigators to conclude that the benches were built by the Triple Alliance some time after 1452 A.D., the year when the Alliance conquered Tepoztlan.
Dwellings were built on the terraces on the eastern side of the site in order to house the resident priests and their helpers.
Alternate interpretation.
In the ruins of the temple were found two fallen stones with glyphs, one stone bears the name of the eighth Aztec emperor Ahuizotl, the other with the calendrical date "10 rabbit". This date represents the year 1502 A.D., the year that this emperor died. From this, some archeologists have concluded that this was the year in which the temple was built, 
others suggest that these stones were added later to commemorate the death of the Aztec emperor. Another interpretation views the temple as being built by the Aztecs after they conquered Tepoztlan, to commemorate the victories of Ahuizotl.

</doc>
<doc id="19989435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989435" title="F(R) gravity">
F(R) gravity

Introduction.
In "f"("R") gravity, one seeks to generalise the Lagrangian of the Einstein-Hilbert action:
to
where "κ" = 8"πGc"−4, "g" = |"gμν"| is the determinant of the metric tensor and "f"("R") is some function of the Ricci Curvature.
Metric "f"("R") Gravity.
Derivation of field equations.
In metric "f"("R") gravity, one arrives at the field equations by varying with respect to the metric and not treating the connection independently. For completeness we will now briefly mention the basic steps of the variation of the action. The main steps are the same as in the case of the variation of the Einstein-Hilbert action (see the article for more details) but there are also some important differences. 
The variation of the determinant is as always:
The Ricci scalar is defined as
Therefore, its variation with respect to the inverse metric "gμν" is given by
For the second step see the article about the Einstein-Hilbert action. Since "δΓλμν" is the difference of two connections, it should transform as a tensor. Therefore, it can be written as 
Substituting into the equation above:
where ∇"μ" is the covariant derivative and □ = "gμν"∇"μ"∇"ν" is the D'Alembert operator.
Now the variation in the action reads:
where "F"("R") = ∂"f"("R")/∂"R". Doing integration by parts on the second and third terms we get:
By demanding that the action remains invariant under variations of the metric, "δS"["g"] = 0, one obtains the field equations:
where "Tμν" is the energy-momentum tensor defined as
where "L"m is the matter Lagrangian.
The generalized Friedmann equations.
Assuming a Robertson-Walker metric with scale factor "a"("t") we can find the generalized Friedmann equations to be (in units where "κ" = 8"πGc"−4 = 1):
where
the dot is the derivative with respect to the cosmic time "t", and the terms "ρ"m and "ρ"rad represent the matter and radiation densities respectively; these satisfy the continuity equations:
Modified Newton's constant.
An interesting feature of these theories is the fact that the gravitational constant is time and scale dependent. To see this, add a small scalar perturbation to the metric (in the Newtonian gauge):
where Φ and Ψ are the Newtonian potentials and use the field equations to first order. After some lengthy calculations, one can define a Poisson equation in the Fourier space and attribute the extra terms that appear on the right hand side to an effective gravitational constant "G"eff.
Doing so, we get the gravitational potential (valid on sub-horizon scales "k"2 ≫ "a"2"H"2):
where "δρ"m is a perturbation in the matter density and "G"eff is:
with
Massive gravitational waves.
This class of theories when linearized exhibits three polarization modes for the gravitational waves, of which two correspond to the massless graviton (helicities ±2) and the third (scalar) is coming from the fact that if we take into account a conformal transformation, the fourth order theory "f"("R") becomes general relativity plus a scalar field. To see this, identify
and use the field equations above to get
Working to first order of perturbation theory:
and after some tedious algebra, one can solve for the metric perturbation, which corresponds to the gravitational waves. A particular frequency component, for a wave propagating in the "z"-direction, may be written as
where
and "v"g(ω) = dω/d"k" is the group velocity of a wave packet "hf" centred on wave-vector "k". The first two terms correspond to the usual transverse polarizations from general relativity, while the third corresponds to the new massive polarization mode of "f"("R") theories. The transverse modes propagate at the speed of light, but the scalar mode moves at a speed "v"G < 1 (in units where "c" = 1), this mode is dispersive.
Equivalent formalism.
Under certain additional conditions Fiziev (2013) in Further reading, below we can simplify the analysis of "f"("R") theories by introducing an auxiliary field Φ. Assuming "f′′"("R") ≠ 0 for all "R", let "V"(Φ) be the Legendre transform of "f"("R") so that Φ = "f′"("R") and "R" = "V′"(Φ). Then, one obtains the O'Hanlon (1972) action
We have the Euler-Lagrange equations
Eliminating Φ, we obtain exactly the same equations as before. However, the equations are only second order in the derivatives, instead of fourth order.
We are currently working with the Jordan frame. By performing a conformal rescaling
we transform to the Einstein frame:
after integrating by parts. 
Defining
and substituting
This is general relativity coupled to a real scalar field: using "f"("R") theories to describe the accelerating universe is practically equivalent to using quintessence.
Palatini "f"("R") Gravity.
In Palatini "f"("R") gravity, one treats the metric and connection independently and varies the action with respect to each of them separately. The matter Lagrangian is assumed to be independent of the connection. These theories have been shown to be equivalent to Brans–Dicke theory with "ω" = −3/2. Due to the structure of the theory, however, Palatini "f"("R") theories appear to be in conflict with the Standard Model, may violate Solar system experiments, and seem to create unwanted singularities.
Metric-Affine "f"("R") Gravity.
In metric-affine "f"("R") gravity, one generalizes things even further, treating both the metric and connection independently, and assuming the matter Lagrangian depends on the connection as well.
Observational tests.
As there are many potential forms of "f"("R") gravity, it is difficult to find generic tests. Additionally, since deviations away from General Relativity can be made arbitrarily small in some cases, it is impossible to conclusively exclude some modifications. Some progress can be made, without assuming a concrete form for the function "f"("R") by Taylor expanding
The first term is like the cosmological constant and must be small. The next coefficient "a"1 can be set to one as in general relativity. For metric "f"("R") gravity (as opposed to Palatini or metric-affine "f"("R") gravity), the quadratic term is best constrained by fifth force measurements, since it leads to a Yukawa correction to the gravitational potential. The best current bounds are |"a"2| < 4 × 10−9m2 or equivalently |"a"2| < 2.3 × 1022 GeV−2.
The parameterized post-Newtonian formalism is designed to be able to constrain generic modified theories of gravity. However, "f"("R") gravity shares many of the same values as General Relativity, and is therefore indistinguishable using these tests. In particular light deflection is unchanged, so "f"("R") gravity, like General Relativity, is entirely consistent with the bounds from Cassini tracking.
Tensorial generalization.
"f"("R") gravity as presented in the previous sections is a scalar modification of general relativity. More generally, we can have a 
coupling involving invariants of the Ricci tensor and the Weyl tensor. Special cases are "f"("R") gravity, conformal gravity, Gauss-Bonnet gravity and Lovelock gravity. It is suggested to consider dependency to the covariant derivative of the Riemann tensor in order to resolve more problems. Notice that with any nontrivial tensorial dependence, we typically have additional massive spin-2 degrees of freedom, in addition to the massless graviton and a massive scalar. An exception is Gauss-Bonnet gravity where the fourth order terms for the spin-2 components cancel out.

</doc>
<doc id="19989448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989448" title="KCAN-LP">
KCAN-LP

KCAN-LP (103.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Needles, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Tri-State Christian Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989461" title="KCHP-LP">
KCHP-LP

KCHP-LP (97.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Arcata, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Arcata.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989467" title="Clancy Cooper">
Clancy Cooper

Clancy Cooper (born 23 July 1906 – died 14 June 1975) was an American actor. He appeared in over 100 films between 1938 and 1962. He also guest starred on numerous TV series, such as "The Rifleman", "Lawman", "", "Maverick", and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", he also appeared on "Sanford and Son" as Kelly, an elderly friend of Fred Sanford in the episode ""The Copper Caper"", the fourth episode in the first season of the series. Born in Boise, Idaho Cooper died in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19989470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989470" title="Pyotr Isakov">
Pyotr Isakov

Pyotr Yefimovich Isakov () (born 1900 in Gorodishchi, Vladimir Oblast; died April 3, 1957 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Isakov made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19989471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989471" title="Nestor of Thessaloniki">
Nestor of Thessaloniki

Nestor of Thessaloniki was a companion of St. Demetrius of Thessaloniki (October 26). St. Nestor's feast day is celebrated on October 27.
Having been moved to act against the mighty Lyeios (or Lyaeus), a most feared gladiator who mocked and tormented the Christians in the arena, Nestor went to see the imprisoned St. Demetrius and asked for his blessing to fight and defeat Lyeios. With the blessing of the saint and faith in God, he entered the arena and mortally struck Lyeios.
Maximian, the emperor, was angered by this and ordered that Nestor be slain with his own sword. The year of his death is reported variously as 290, 296, or 306.

</doc>
<doc id="19989494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989494" title="Shamb Hydroelectric Power Station">
Shamb Hydroelectric Power Station

The Shamb Hydro Power Plant is one of Armenia's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 170 MW. It is a part of the Vorotan cascade.

</doc>
<doc id="19989502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989502" title="Remote physiological monitoring">
Remote physiological monitoring

Remote monitoring of people is now a possibility due to remote wireless technology and miniaturization. Also the advent of smart fabrics in recent years has allowed people to stay attached to monitoring devices without the issues of discomfort, large bulky technology or skin break down associated with sticky patches.
Data analysis.
Technological advances in electronics, smart fabrics and wireless communications have led to increasing developments in remote physiological sensing hardware. These sensor platforms all measure raw physiological signal data from the body, however, for this to be of value it is necessary to convert these waveforms into meaningful and contextual information. Several of these devices provide real-time, on-board derivations of basic parameters such as heart rate and respiration rate. However, a wealth of additional, more detailed information is possible when measuring multiple, time synchronized data channels during non-laboratory, daily living conditions.
The research community is using these sensors to develop new applications that further advance the uses of the technology. Specialized offline software analysis platforms that aid the visualization, management and analysis of multiple, synchronized data channels are available to assist researchers with the development of new applications. These software platforms have tools specifically designed for the exploration of remotely acquired data sets and include features such as artifact management tools and derivations of a wide variety of meaningful endpoints that can be applied over multiple research contexts. The use of these sensors in applications such as disease management and performance monitoring is nascent but there is a still a strong need for more sophisticated endpoints and meaningful algorithms that extend well beyond basic heart and respiration rate monitoring.

</doc>
<doc id="19989512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989512" title="Step into My World EP">
Step into My World EP

The "Step Into My World EP" features the Perfecto remix by Paul Oakenfold and Steve Osborne. It reached top 20 in the UK Singles Charts. 
Personnel.
"Step Into My World Ep"
1, Remix produced and mixed by Paul Oakenfold and Steve Osborne 
Remix engineer Danton Supple
Remix programming - Ben Hillier for 140dB
2, 3, 4, Produced by Stephen Harris and Andy Bell
Engineered and mixed by Stephen Harris
All songs written by Andy Bell (Creation Songs)
Photography by Tim Page
Design by Phantom Industries

</doc>
<doc id="19989523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989523" title="Spacevidcast">
Spacevidcast

Spacevidcast, often abbreviated as SVC, is a live weekly HD video podcast hosted by husband and wife team, Cariann Higginbotham and Benjamin Higginbotham. The mission statement for Spacevidcast is "Making space commonplace."
SVC's main purpose, as stated, is 
In contrast to most space-related podcasts, Spacevidcast is produced independently and is not associated with any governmental or private organization, which sets it apart from other shows like NASA Edge or Hubblecast. In August 2011 show host Benjamin Higginbotham was hired at SpaceX, however there is no tie between SpaceX and Spacevidcast.
Aside from the generally available video content Spacevidcast also offers some audio and text content as well as a paid service called EPIC, st started a paid, includes a wide variety of "extra" content. In addition a Spacevidcast Wiki is hosted by the initiative. Spacevidcast was awarded the Best Presentation of Space Award during NewSpace 2010.
Weekly live-casts.
Format.
The show consists of several parts, starting with a show-opener that includes a Spacevidcast theme song, a logo including the motto "Making Space Commonplace" and a collection of space related footage. After a brief introduction of the hosts and a short off-topic discussion, the first segment of the show is Space News. Prepared by co-host Cariann, Space News takes up most of the first part of the podcast. A number of videos, as well as the Spacevidcast calendar of upcoming spaceflight-related events, are played after the news segment. During the third segment, the show hosts either discuss one or more topics with the live chat room community or interview guests.
Live events and daily-casts.
Spacevidcast has covered a number of live events such as Shuttle and Soyuz launches, the Phoenix Mars landing, the launch of Jules Verne ATV, the GLAST Space Telescope, Chandrayaan-1, Shenzhou 7, the Kepler Mission as well as commercial satellite launches. The website was one of many outlets to broadcast a live feed of the lunar impact by NASA's LCROSS spacecraft and participated in Guy Laliberté's "Poetic Social Mission Event: Moving Stars and Earth for Water". These events are usually summed up in short daily clips dedicated to one or two events.
Additionally, Spacevidcast streams NASA TV with an accompanying chat room through UStream live 24/7 with an HD video feed during launches and other significant events.
2008 Lunar Lander Challenge.
The Spacevidcast team was the official event webcaster for the X Prize Foundation's 2008 Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge.Spacevidcast streamed continuously from Las Cruces, New Mexico on October 24 and October 25. The hosts were on site to interview team leaders and VIP guests. The podcast was also the only media outlet to cover the "Rocket Racing League at Spaceport America" announcement by the governor of New Mexico, Bill Richardson.
ISDC 2009.
Spacevidcast was the exclusive webcaster of the 2009 International Space Development Conference, an annual event hosted and organized by the National Space Society. As part of its coverage, the hosts provided live video webcasts of the main presentations as well as an option for viewers to send questions via the chat room. The videos were also made available on demand. In addition to direct coverage of the conference, Spacevidcast also broadcast a regular weekly show from the ISDC 2009 setting and the hosts participated in a panel discussion on May 29 entitled "Space Media 2.0".
SpaceUp San Diego (2010).
Spacevidcast was the exclusive webcaster of the 2010 SpaceUp San Diego unconference, the first major space BarCamp-like event hosted by the San Diego Space Society. As part of their coverage, the hosts provided live video webcasts of the many of the presentations as well as much of the Ignite talks. The videos are now available on demand. The quality of these videos is low only because of a lack of internet connections at the conference and spotty cell phone coverage.
NewSpace 2010 (2010).
Spacevidcast was the exclusive webcaster of the 2010 Space Frontier Foundation NewSpace Conference, a yearly conference for NewSpace leaders to meet and organize the future of the NewSpace movement. Benjamin and Cariann provided live coverage of each of the talks during the weekend. The videos are now available on demand (some are EPIC subscriber-only).
SpaceUp D.C. (2010).
Spacevidcast was the exclusive webcaster of the 2010 SpaceUp Washington D.C. unconference, the second space BarCamp-like event hosted by Evadot founder Michael Doornbos. As part of their coverage, the hosts provided live video webcasts of the many of the presentations and Ignite talks. The videos are now all available to watch on their Youtube channel.
SpaceUp San Diego (2011).
Spacevidcast is the exclusive webcaster of the 2011 SpaceUp San Diego unconference, the third space BarCamp-like event hosted by the San Diego Space Society and the first repeat SpaceUp, held on February 12–13, 2011. Cariann Higginbotham, co-host of Spacevidcast, is attending the event and, assisted by corporate and private sponsors, will be providing live video webcasts of the many of the presentations and T-5 talks (similar to Ignite talks). The videos will be available to watch on their Youtube channel and will be viewable live on their website.
SpaceUp Houston (2011).
Spacevidcast is the exclusive webcaster of the 2011 SpaceUp Houston unconference, the fourth space BarCamp-like event hosted by the Clear Lake NSS/Moon Society and the Lunar and Planetary Institute on February 12–13, 2011. Benjamin Higginbotham, co-host of Spacevidcast, is attending the event and will be providing live video webcasts of the many of the presentations and demonstrations. The videos will be available to watch on their Youtube channel and will be viewable live on their website.
Space Shuttle launches.
Spacevidcast was one of the first sources to get High Definition Space Shuttle launches online. These shows progressed until Spacevidcast was granted media access to the Kennedy Space Center Press site for STS-132 through the end of the program. The Spacevidcast shuttle coverage was marked as Wired Magazine's three best ways to watch a shuttle launch online.
SpaceVidCast on LiveStream.
As of episode 7.03 SpaceVidCast left Youtube streaming and moved to LiveStream
SpaceVidCast on Patreon.
As of Season 7 SpaceVidCast has move from its previous on demand content form epics to a more Kickstarter Like Vidcasting server called Patreon.

</doc>
<doc id="19989525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989525" title="Spandaryan Hydro Power Plant">
Spandaryan Hydro Power Plant

The Spandaryan Hydro Power Plant is one of Armenia's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 76 MW. It is a part of the Vorotan cascade and is located near Spandaryan Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="19989540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989540" title="The Extra Mile (disambiguation)">
The Extra Mile (disambiguation)

The expression "the extra mile" refers to acts of service for others that go beyond what is required or expected. The expression probably comes from the Bible, when Jesus declares in his Sermon on the Mount, "Whoever forces you to go one mile, go with him two." (, (NASB))
The verse is a reference to the practice of "impressment" which, among other things, allowed a Roman soldier to conscript a Jewish native to carry his equipment for one Roman mile ("milion" = 1,000 paces, about ) -- no easy task considering a Roman soldier's backpack could weigh upwards of . Jesus' point was that his followers must relinquish their individual "rights" in order to advance God's kingdom through self-sacrifice.

</doc>
<doc id="19989547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989547" title="Aspall and Thorndon railway station">
Aspall and Thorndon railway station

Aspall and Thorndon was a railway station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway. This station was located with Aspall to the south, Debenham 2.5 miles further south and Thorndon 3.5 miles to the north-east.
History.
Opened by the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway, Aspall station was located 8 miles from Haughley and had a similar sized building to Mendlesham but the station was the only one on the line not to have an open fronted waiting room.

</doc>
<doc id="19989551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989551" title="Tatev Hydroelectric Power Station">
Tatev Hydroelectric Power Station

The Tatev Hydroelectric Power Station is located on the Vorotan River in Armenia. Lying near the village of Tatev, it is one of Armenia's largest hydroelectric power plants, withan installed capacity of 157.2 MW. Power is generated by three Pelton turbines of 52.4 MW each. The Tatev plant is part of the Vorotan cascade, a series of three hydroelectric power plants on the Vorotan River.

</doc>
<doc id="19989566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989566" title="KCVE-LP">
KCVE-LP

KCVE-LP (92.3 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a Religious format. Licensed to Ventura, California, USA, the station served the Ventura County area. The station was owned by Calvary Chapel of Ventura. The license was cancelled by the FCC on May 26, 2009.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989567" title="Wildspitz">
Wildspitz

The Wildspitz (also known as "Rossberg") is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Zug and Schwyz. Reaching a height of 1,580 metres above sea level, it is the highest summit in the canton of Zug.
The Wildspitz is surrounded by three lakes: Lake Zug, Lake Lauerz and Lake Ägeri.

</doc>
<doc id="19989570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989570" title="Something in Your Mouth">
Something in Your Mouth

"Something in Your Mouth" is the second single and 1st promotional single released from Canadian rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album "Dark Horse". The song was released as a digital download to the U.S. iTunes Store on October 28, 2008. The song is much heavier than the first single "Gotta Be Somebody", and more like the rest of the album. It was officially released as the second single to rock radio only on December 15, 2008, This song was also used in the seventh film in the "American Pie" series — "".

</doc>
<doc id="19989573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989573" title="KOCC-LP">
KOCC-LP

KOCC-LP (101.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Oxnard, California, USA, the station serves the Ventura County area. The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Oxnard.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989579" title="Loriberd Hydro Power Plant">
Loriberd Hydro Power Plant

The Loriberd Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant in the village of Lori Berd in Armenia's northern province of Lori along the Dzoraget River. It has an installed electric capacity of 60 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19989583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989583" title="KCYC-LP">
KCYC-LP

KCYC-LP (104.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Yuba City, California, USA. The station is currently owned by North Valley Calvary Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="19989587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989587" title="Ego Tripping">
Ego Tripping

"Ego Tripping" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989601" title="KDRT-LP">
KDRT-LP

KDRT-LP (95.7 FM) is a low powered radio station licensed to Davis, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Davis Community Television DBA Davis Media Access.

</doc>
<doc id="19989606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989606" title="Shnokh Hydro Power Plant">
Shnokh Hydro Power Plant

The Shnokh Hydro Power Plant will be one of Armenia's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 75 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19989616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989616" title="Ricard Pérez Casado">
Ricard Pérez Casado

Ricard Pérez Casado (Valencia, Spain, 27 October 1945) is a Spanish politician and former mayor of Valencia who belongs to the governing Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Married with one son, Pérez studied Economic Science at University of Barcelona and graduated in Political and Social Science at Complutense University of Madrid before gaining a PhD in history from University of Valencia. During the Franco era he become involved in the Valencian Socialist Party (PSV) which later became linked to the PSOE. In 1979 he became mayor of Valencia, replacing Ferran Martínez Castellano who was expelled from the party after a dispute over abandoning the party's residual Marxism. Pérez was re-elected in 1983 and 1987, however he resigned in 1988 after disagreements with the local branch of the party.
In 1996 he served as European Union administrator for the Bosnian city of Mostar. He entered national politics in 2000 when he was elected to the national parliament as a deputy for Valencia but not stand in 2004. He has also served as vice-president of the Council of European Municipalities and Regions and currently serves on the Federal Committee of the PSOE.

</doc>
<doc id="19989617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989617" title="KDUP">
KDUP

KDUP (88.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Cedarville, California, USA. The station is owned by Openskyradio Corp. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989618" title="Karl Anton">
Karl Anton

Karl Anton (25 October 1898 – 12 April 1979) was a German film director, screenwriter and film producer. He directed 58 films between 1922 and 1960. He was born in Prague, Austro-Hungarian Empire and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989628" title="Chris Stabb">
Chris Stabb

Christopher "Chris" Stabb (born 12 October 1976) is an English footballer, who plays for Bradford Park Avenue.
Career.
Born in Bradford, Chris Stabb began his footballing career in the Bradford City academy. In 1997, he moved to neighbours Farsley Celtic but joined Ossett Town in 1998. He re-joined Farsley Celtic in 2002 where he has played ever since.
He was the club's captain for a few years before fellow defender Carl Serrant took the armband. Stabb experienced the club's rise up the leagues featuring three promotions in four years. He missed the club's 2007–08 season in the Conference National due to a knee injury which threatened his future in football. Stabb made his return to the team on 14 September in a friendly against Sheffield United.

</doc>
<doc id="19989630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989630" title="Pavel Kanunnikov">
Pavel Kanunnikov

Pavel Aleksandrovich Kanunnikov () (born June 2, 1898 in Moscow; died April 17, 1974 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Kanunnikov played his only game for USSR on May 15, 1925 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19989631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989631" title="Le retour">
Le retour

"Le retour" ("The return") was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, composed by Géo Voumard and performed in French by Jean Philippe, who had previously represented France in 1959 with "Oui, oui, oui, oui".
On the night of the contest the song was performed 11th, following Norway's Inger Jacobsen with "Kom sol, kom regn" and preceding Yugoslavia' Lola Novaković with "Ne pali svetlo u sumrak". At the close of the voting the song had received 2 points, placing 10th in a field of 16. 
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1963 contest by Esther Ofarim with "T'en va pas".

</doc>
<doc id="19989635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989635" title="KEAL">
KEAL

KEAL (106.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish radio format. Licensed to Taft, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Lazer Licenses, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19989647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989647" title="KEFC-LP">
KEFC-LP

KEFC-LP (100.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian contemporary radio format. Licensed to Turlock, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Evangelical Free Church of Turlock.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989658" title="Bascom Maple Farms, Inc.">
Bascom Maple Farms, Inc.

Bascom Maple Farms, Inc., is a privately held company based at the Bascom Maple Farm in Alstead, New Hampshire. Officers of the company include President Bruce Bascom and Vice-Presidents David Bascom and Kevin Bascom. 
The company is one of the largest independent maple wholesalers in the United States as well as the country’s largest distributor of new and used sugaring equipment to maple farmers and sugar houses. Bascom Maple Farms, Inc., is one of the top four maple syrup processors in the United States and also buys, produces, bottles and sells pure maple syrup and maple sugar.
The Bascom family began producing maple syrup in 1853 and has operated commercial syrup production and maple packing facilities for over 40 years. Its division Bascom Family Farms is the largest independent supplier of pure and organic maple syrup and maple sugar products. Kenneth Bascom, who was instrumental in bringing the Bascom Farm maple products to the forefront of the industry, was inducted into the American Maple Hall of Fame in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19989659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989659" title="Svinařov">
Svinařov

Svinařov.
The village of Svinařov is situated in a picturesque valley surrounded by forested slopes, fields and meadows. Approximately 667 people live there (2007). It is about 30 kilometres (20 mi) from Prague. Other towns close to Svinařov are Libušín, Kladno, Smečno and Slaný. The village is connected with the nearby towns and villages by bus. Svinařov has its own association football team and a team of firemen volunteers. Next to the cemetery, we can find a little chapel with a precious statue of St. Mary and Jesus from 17th century.
History.
The village of Svinařov has very long and rich history. The first official mention dates back to 1328 when the village was sold by Bořita z Ředhoště to the Vyšehrad canon. So it belonged to the Vyšehrad chapter house. It is probable that there was some kind of settlement much earlier thanks to an archaeological research carried out in a nearby town of Libušín which proved that the area was inhabited in the 6th–7th centuries. The existence of Svinařov was closely connected with the fort of Libušín. As the name suggests (Svinařov in Czech language can mean that there were either swine or vineyards), Svinařov served as a supplier of agricultural products to the fort.
There was a stronghold built around the year 1330. The owner of Svinařov, Vyšehrad chapter house, used to hire out the Svinařov to different tenants till the reign of Wenceslas IV of Bohemia, when the village was sold. Some years later it became a part of property of the Smečno’s noble family of Martinic and it remained so until 19th century. The family of Martinic gradually became one of the richest and most powerful noble families in the Czech kingdom. In 1885, Svinařov settlement officially became a village.
Most people there earned their living in agriculture, but everything changed in the second half of 19th century with the discovery of coal in the region. Many people from all around the country started to move in and the village started to expand. Most people were therefore employed in the coal industry until the mines closed down in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19989660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989660" title="KINS-FM">
KINS-FM

KINS-FM (106.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Blue Lake, California, USA, the station is currently owned by Eureka Broadcasting Co. and features programing from Fox News Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19989668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989668" title="KEQP-LP">
KEQP-LP

KEQP-LP (106.9 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Formerly licensed to Modesto, California, USA, the station was owned by Calvary Chapel of Modesto, Inc.
On September 24, 2012, the Calvary Chapel of Modesto surrendered the license for KEQP-LP to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The FCC cancelled the station's license on October 5, 2012, and deleted its call sign from their database.

</doc>
<doc id="19989669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989669" title="Cypress forest">
Cypress forest

A Cypress forest is a western USA plant association typically dominated by one or more cypress species. Example species comprising the canopy include "Cupressus macrocarpa". In some cases these forests have been severely damaged by goats, cattle and other grazing animals. While cypress species are clearly dominant within a Cypress forest, other trees such as California Buckeye, "Aesculus californica", are found in some Cypress forests.
Examples.
The Guadalupe Island Cypress forest is situated on Guadalupe Island, offshore from Baja California. This forest was greatly destroyed by the introduction of grazing goats, but conservation biology efforts have been conducted to assist in restoring the forest. 
Another example on the Pacific Coast mainland of Northern California is the Sargent's cypress Forest, located in coastal Marin County, California.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19989673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989673" title="Kanaker Hydroelectric Power Station">
Kanaker Hydroelectric Power Station

The Kanaker Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant adjacent to the Hrazdan River near Armenia's capital city of Yerevan. It is next to the RUSAL ARMENAL aluminum smelter in Kanaker and has an installed electric capacity of 102 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19989692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989692" title="Gyumush Hydroelectric Power Station">
Gyumush Hydroelectric Power Station

The Gyumush Hydro Power Plant (also known as Argel Hydro Power Plant) is one of Armenia's largest hydroelectric power plants, having an installed electric capacity of 224 MW. Its hazard potential is ranked to be high (3).

</doc>
<doc id="19989705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989705" title="Schnebelhorn">
Schnebelhorn

The Schnebelhorn is a mountain located near Fischenthal in the Töss Valley, between the cantons of Zurich (west) and St. Gallen (east). It is the highest summit of the canton of Zurich.
Various trails lead to the summit from all sides. Most of the massif is covered by forests.

</doc>
<doc id="19989716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989716" title="Sint-Amandsberg">
Sint-Amandsberg

Sint-Amandsberg is a sub-municipality of Ghent, Belgium. The municipality was formed in 1872 after splitting from Oostakker.
During the First World War, on 7 June 1915, the German airschip LZ37 crashed after being destroyed by Reginald Warneford. A street was named Reginald Warnefordstreet on the spot where the airship crashed.

</doc>
<doc id="19989725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989725" title="Atarbekyan Hydro Power Plant">
Atarbekyan Hydro Power Plant

The Atarbekyan Hydro Power Plant (also known as the Hrazdan Hydro Power Plant) is a hydroelectric power plant along the Hrazdan River in the town of Hrazdan in Armenia. It has an installed electric capacity of 81.6 MW.Its hazard potential is ranked to be high.

</doc>
<doc id="19989733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989733" title="Millennium Roller Coaster">
Millennium Roller Coaster

Millennium Roller Coaster is a roller coaster at Fantasy Island in Ingoldmells, England. It was built by Vekoma, a Dutch roller coaster manufacturer, to celebrate the arrival of the new millennium but despite its name, was opened in May 1999. It was Fantasy Island's first "Extreme Thrill Ride", and circles the parks centre piece, the Pyramid.
Layout and operation.
The ride features a vertical loop, a side winder and another loop. It finishes in a low helix, which swoops down to a level just above head height of those in the amusement park, frequently startling the unsuspecting public. Some of Millennium Roller Coaster's track is intertwined with Jubilee Odyssey's, providing some Headchoppers especially when near Jubilee Odyssey's supports. 
Like Jubilee Odyssey, Millennium Roller Coaster is also affected by high winds (though not as badly as Jubilee Odyssey) and so in the case of bad weather or high winds Millennium Roller Coaster will not operate.
With a top speed of 55.9 mph, it is the seventh fastest roller coaster in the UK. It is also the fourth tallest British roller coaster, with a maximum height of 45.5 metres.
With its striking yellow and red paintwork, it can be seen from several miles away on the approach to Fantasy Island.
It presently operates with a single train and costs £3.50 per ride or can be accessed via the wristband system.

</doc>
<doc id="19989741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989741" title="Reavis">
Reavis

Reavis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989747" title="Arzni Hydro Power Plant">
Arzni Hydro Power Plant

The Arzni Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant in Arzni, Armenia along the Hrazdan River. It has an installed electric capacity of 70.5 MW. It is a part of the Sevan-Hrazdan Cascade. The power station is owned by International Energy Corporation, a subsidiary of Inter RAO. Its hazard potential is ranked to be significant (2).

</doc>
<doc id="19989750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989750" title="KFOK-LP">
KFOK-LP

KFOK-LP (95.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Georgetown, California, USA. The station is currently owned by American River Folk Society.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989757" title="Aleksei Karakosov">
Aleksei Karakosov

Aleksei Konstantinovich Karakosov () (born 1890 in Saint Petersburg; died 1917 killed in battle of World War I) was an association football player.
International career.
Karakosov played his only game for Russia on 4 May 1913 in a friendly against Sweden. At 75th minute Russian goalkeeper Dmitri Matrin was injured and, because the substitutions were not yet allowed, midfielder Karakosov had to take Matrin's place in goal. He allowed two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19989776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989776" title="Billboard Top Dance Hits">
Billboard Top Dance Hits

Billboard Top Dance Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records, compiling dance tracks from the 1970s and 1980s that were popular in discotecques and nightclubs during that period. Ten albums were released, each containing ten songs from a specific year from 1976 through 1985. The initial five albums, covering 1976 to 1980, were released on February 26, 1992. A second set of albums, covering 1981 to 1985, was released on June 16, 1998.
Many tracks in the series reached the top 10 of the "Billboard" National Disco Action chart and the "Billboard" Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19989778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989778" title="Kurt Ulrich">
Kurt Ulrich

Kurt Ulrich (28 June 1905 – 11 September 1967) was a German film producer. He produced 143 films between 1933 and 1964. He was born in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989780" title="KFSC-LP">
KFSC-LP

KFSC-LP (94.1 FM) was a radio station licensed to Visalia, California, USA. KDSC-LP's license was cancelled on December 1, 2013 for failing to file an application for renewal. The station was owned by Friends of Radio Grito/Proyecto Campesino.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989783" title="Howard Nusbaum">
Howard Nusbaum

Howard C. Nusbaum is professor at the University of Chicago, United States in the Department of Psychology and its College, and a steering committee member of the Neuroscience Institute. Nusbaum is an internationally recognized expert in cognitive psychology, speech science, and in the new field of social neuroscience. Nusbaum investigates the cognitive and neural mechanisms that mediate spoken language use, as well as language learning and the role of attention in speech perception. In addition, he investigates how we understand the meaning of music, and how cognitive and social-emotional processes interact in decision-making.
Background.
Nusbaum went to Brandeis University, Massachusetts, and obtained a B.A. in psychology and computer science in 1976. He was awarded Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) from SUNY at Buffalo (New York) in 1981. He then worked as a research associate at Indiana University (Bloomington, Indiana), and joined the University of Chicago in 1986, where he is a professor. He served as Chair of the psychology department from 1997-2010. Nusbaum is the co-director the Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience.
Howard Nusbaum has one daughter (Rebecca), and he is married to Anne Henly, the Director of the undergraduate research initiative in psychology at the University of Chicago social science collegiate division. They live in Hyde Park, Chicago with their two Newfoundland boys, Newton and Otto.
Academic achievements.
Nusbaum's scientific endeavor focuses on cognition and social neuroscience, with an emphasis on spoken language, because it is one of the primary ways by which humans interact. Nusbaum’s research is concerned with understanding the psychological and neural mechanisms that mediate the use of language and that guide much of human interaction. His work on spoken language processing has emphasized the role of learning and attention and working memory using a number of techniques including functional neuroimaging, psychophysiological, and behavioral measures. 
Much of Nusbaum's research is on the mechanisms of speech perception and production but recent studies have also examined the development of concepts, emotional processing, and social interaction. Notably, Nusbaum has examined the role of sleep in consolidating perceptual learning of speech sounds, the cortical mechanisms that mediate perception of audio-visual speech, the role of gesture in production and comprehension of speech, and how listeners adjust to differences among talkers. 
Current research projects involve understanding the ability of non-human animals to learn language-like structure, examining the role of sleep in illusory memory and perceptuo-motor learning, the processing of emotional information in lonely people, how we use different dimensions of speech to refer to events, how our expectations change the way we understand sensory information. Nusbaum is also involved in interdisciplinary studies in the new field of neuroeconomics. He served as the principal investigator on various John Templeton grants aiming to develop scholarly investigations into the nature, cultivation, benefits and applications of wisdom.
Nusbaum contribution to speech research.
Despite several decades of concerted effort, research in speech perception has yet to crack the "lack of invariance" problem: there is a many-to-many mapping between the acoustic patterns and percepts. The acoustic signature of a particular phoneme changes as a function of phonetic context, speaking rate, physical characteristics of talkers, dialect, acoustic environment, and so on. How listeners achieve "phonetic constancy" despite these sources of variability largely remains a mystery. The modal approach has been to search for invariant cues that have somehow been missed—that is, to hypothesize that there is no lack of invariance problem aside from the fact that researchers have not discovered how to detect invariant cues available to listeners. 
Nusbaum has taken a distinctly contrary position, assuming that the lack of invariance is real rather than apparent, and that the basis for phonetic constancy lies in the processing mechanisms of human speech perception. Nusbaum's early work pioneered the application of cognitive psychological theories of attention and memory to problems in speech perception., Nusbaum's more recent research uses functional neuroimaging techniques to further explore these issues. For instance, he has demonstrated that increased activity in a temporal-parietal network is associated with increased task demands in a multi-talker context, and that the time-course of relative activity in auditory and motor area during perception of the McGurk effect is consistent with a model of speech perception in which visual-motor information serves as a kind of feedback to augment (and potentially supplant) auditory representations of speech sounds.
His work has also shown that two dissociable networks underlie the use of context in sentence recognition, and that sleep serves an important role in the consolidation of generalizations of phonetic knowledge learned opportunistically through exposure to an unfamiliar talker.
Society Memberships.
Association for Psychological Science; Society for Neuroscience; Cognitive Science Society; Psychonomic Society; Associate Member of the Acoustical Society of America.

</doc>
<doc id="19989791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989791" title="KIHP-LP">
KIHP-LP

KIHP-LP (96.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Shasta Lake, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Shasta Lake.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989797" title="Sint-Kruis-Winkel">
Sint-Kruis-Winkel

Sint-Kruis-Winkel is a sub-municipality of Ghent, Belgium. 

</doc>
<doc id="19989798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989798" title="Blue acara">
Blue acara

The blue acara, Aequidens pulcher, is a very colorful freshwater fish in the cichlid family. This fish can be found in Central and South America, from Panama to Colombia. They can reach lengths of . The name "Aequidens pulcher" is indicative to its looks; pulcher meaning "beautiful." The Blue Acara is a common cichlid sold in many pet stores and they are often confused with or sold as Green Terrors ("Aequidens rivulatus").
The body is stocky and compact with a steel blue-gray coloration. There are noticeable horizontal green lines on their faces and their blueish-green scales give them a sparkling appearance. They also have long flowing fins with a hint of orange to the tips.
Blue Acaras natively live in a tropical climate and prefer water with a pH of 6.5-8.0, a water hardness of 25° dGH, and a water temperature of .
Geographical location.
The Blue Acara lives in South and Central America, down to Trinidad & Tobago, Colombia and Venezuela. The species can be found in both clear and turbid flowing streams. 
Size & Appearance.
The Blue Acara normally grows to around 13cm but have been scientifically measured at 16.0 cm (6.3 in). 
The body of the Blue Acara is compact and stocky while the fins are long and flowing. With a rounder head than on similar cichlids
The main body colour can vary from browns to blues to black due to local diversity, The body is decorated with 5-8 vertical black stripes (which may not always be distinctly visible) and blue iridescent spots and the face sport a few horizontal green lines. The fins have a hint of orange on the tips and some specimens have a red topfin rim. a distinctive black line is present going from the eye down the cheek, this one line is not found on other similar cichlids.
Rename.
Formally Aequidens Pulcher this fish was reclassified in 2012 during the study of Andinoacara rivulatus, Stalsbergi & the recently discovered bloombergi. the fish was included into the Andinoacara family due to the genetic similarity with the new family.
References.
N., S.O. Kullander and R.E. Barriga Salazar, 2012. Andinoacara blombergi, a new species from the río Esmeraldas basin in Ecuador and a review of A. rivulatus (Teleostei: Cichlidae). Ichthyol. Explor. Freshwat. 23(2):117-137.

</doc>
<doc id="19989813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989813" title="Diamond Valley (disambiguation)">
Diamond Valley (disambiguation)

Diamond Valley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989827" title="KGGV-LP">
KGGV-LP

KGGV-LP (95.1 FM) is a non-commercial all volunteer community radio station broadcasting music, news, and discussion forums. Licensed to Guerneville, California, USA, the station is currently owned by Congregational Church of Guerneville.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19989839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989839" title="Benny Chan">
Benny Chan

Benny Chan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989848" title="Montana Salish language">
Montana Salish language

The Salish or Séliš language , here called Montana Salish to distinguish it from the Salish language family to which it gave its name, also known as Kalispel–Pend d'oreille and Kalispel–Spokane–Flathead, is a Salishan language spoken (as of 2005) by about 64 elders of the Flathead Nation in north-central Montana and of the Kalispel Indian Reservation in north-eastern Washington state, and by another 50 elders (as of 2000) of the Spokane Indian Reservation of Washington. As of 2012, the language is defined as "critically endangered" in Montana and Idaho by UNESCO.
Dialects are spoken by the Spokane (Npoqínišcn), Kalispel (Qalispé), Pend d'Oreilles, and Bitterroot Salish (Séliš). The total population was 8,000 in 1977, but most have switched to English. 
As with many other languages of northern North America, Salish is polysynthetic; like other languages of the Mosan language area, there is no clear distinction between noun and verb. Salish is famous for native translations that treat all lexical Salish words as verbs or clauses in English, for instance translating a two-word clause that what would appear to mean "I-killed a-deer" as "I killed it. It was a deer."
Language revitalization.
Salish is taught at the Nkwusm Salish Immersion School, in Arlee, Montana. Public schools in Kalispell, Montana offer language classes, a language nest, and intensive training for adults. An online Salish Language Tutor and online Kalispel Salish curriculum are available. A dictionary, "Selis nyo?nuntn: Medicine for the Salish Language," was expanded from 186 to 816 pages in 2009; childrens' books and language CDs are also available.
Salish Kootenai College offers Salish language courses, and trains Salish language teachers at its Native American Language Teacher Training Institute as a part of its ongoing efforts to preserve the language. As of May 2013, the organization "Yoyoot Skʷkʷimlt" ("Strong Young People) is teaching language classes in high schools.
Salish-language Christmas carols are popular for children's holiday programs, which have been broadcast over the Salish Kootenai College television station, and Salish-language karaoke has become popular at the annual Celebrating Salish Conference, held in Spokane, Washington.
As of 2013, many highway signs on the Flathead Indian Reservation include the historic Native American language names for the towns and rivers the signs identify. The Missoula City Council is seeking input from the Salish-Pend d'Oreille Culture Committee regarding appropriate Salish-language signage for the City of Missoula.
Phonology.
Salish has five vowels, , plus an epenthetic schwa which occurs between an obstruent and a sonorant consonant, or between two unlike sonorants. (Differences in glottalization do not cause epenthesis, and in long sequences not all pairs are separated, for example in → "tale", → "red raspberry", and → "toilet". No word may begin with a vowel. 
Salish has pharyngeal consonants, which are rare worldwide and uncommon but not unusual in the Mosan "Sprachbund" to which Salish belongs. It is also unusual in lacking a simple lateral approximant and simple velar consonants ( only occurs in loanwords), though again this is known elsewhere in the Mosan area. 
Salish contrasts affricates with stop–fricative sequences. For example, "tender, sore" has a sequence of two affricates, whereas "killdeer" has a tee-esh sequence. All stop consonants are clearly released, even in clusters or word-finally. Though they are generally not aspirated, aspiration often occurs before obstruents and epenthetic schwas before sonorants. For example, the word "a fat little belly" is pronounced ; likewise, "woodtick" is pronounced , and is .

</doc>
<doc id="19989866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989866" title="KGDM-LP">
KGDM-LP

KGDM-LP (105.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian radio format. Licensed to Merced, California, USA. The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Merced.

</doc>
<doc id="19989867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989867" title="Meghri Dam">
Meghri Dam

The Meghri Dam (also known as the Aras Dam or Aras Watershed Dam) is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Aras River near Armenia's southern town of Meghri on the Armenia–Iran border. 
The joint Iranian–Armenia project was proposed in 1990s and was discussed between Iranian and Armenian authorities. Intergovernmental agreements between Armenia and Iran were signed in 2007 and 2008. On 14 April 2009, energy ministries of Armenia and Iran signed a memorandum on financing construction of the Meghri power station of Armenian side. The dam and power stations construction contract was signed on 16 October 2010 with Farab Sepasad Company. A ceremony on 17 November 2012, attended by Iran's Minister of Energy and the Armenian President, officially began construction.
The complex will consists of two 130 MW hydroelectric power stations — Ghare Chiler (also transcribed Gharachilar or Karachinar) on the Iranian side and Meghri on Armenia side. Due to the sufficient difference in elevation and the presence of Aras Dam on the upstream, the power stations will be run-of-river type. Both power stations will have two turbines with a capacity of 65 MW each.
The basic studies were carried out by Arm-Hydroenergo-Project Company and Mahab-E-Qods Consulting Engineers Company in 1999. The Meghri station will be operated by Iran for 15 years after which it will be returned to Armenia free of charge.
The project is expected to cost US$400 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19989868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989868" title="Scruton railway station">
Scruton railway station

Scruton railway station was a railway station that served the village of Scruton, in North Yorkshire, England.
History.
Opened by the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923.The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
Scruton site today.
Track still passes through the station site, providing rail access for the Wensleydale Railway which operates west from Leeming Bar.
As of January 2014, work has been well underway on carefully restoring the station to its former glory to serve the heritage line itself as part of the extension to Northallerton West.
It is expected that restoration work on the station will be completed by (and re-open Scruton station in) April 2014, (which will co-incide with the 60th anniversary of the line's closure to passenger services).

</doc>
<doc id="19989873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989873" title="Massaro House">
Massaro House

Massaro House is a U.S. residence inspired by designs of a never-constructed project conceived by the architect Frank Lloyd Wright. It is located on the privately owned Petre Island (sometimes spelled Petra Island) in Lake Mahopac, New York, and is named for its owner, Joseph Massaro. On Nov 25, 2013, various news sources reported the heart-shaped island and its buildings had been sold to Angelina Jolie as a 50th birthday present for her husband Brad Pitt.
The original plans.
In 1949, architect Frank Lloyd Wright received a commission from an engineer named A. K. Chahroudi to build a house on the Petre Island, which Chahroudi owned. Chahroudi would later state that during a lunch meeting he had with Wright and Edgar Kaufmann, the owner of Wright’s celebrated Fallingwater, the architect told Kaufmann: "When I finish the house on the island, it will surpass your Fallingwater".
Wright worked on designing a one-story, house for three months, but the project was cancelled when Chahroudi realized he was not able to afford the $50,000 budget that Wright envisioned for the project, nor a second more modest version requested of Wright. Instead, Wright designed a cottage for Chahroudi for the island.
Construction.
In 1996, Petre Island was purchased for $700,000 USD by Joseph Massaro, a sheet metal contractor. Though he had seen the original Wright drawings for the main home years earlier, he initially intended merely to restore the island’s guest cottage. Massaro received those renderings as part of the purchase of the island.
Massaro sold his sheet metal business in 2000 to focus on the creation of the house, the construction phase of which took place between 2003 and 2007.
All that survived of the original Chahroudi commission were five Wright drawings, including a floor plan with ideas for built-in and stand-alone furniture, a building section, and three elevations. Massaro hired Thomas A. Heinz, an architect and Wright historian, to complete the unfinished design.
Heinz employed 3D CAD/CAM computer software to model aspects of Wright's design not self-evident in the original renderings. His design also provided updated heating and cooling solutions that were not part of the original Wright concept, such as air conditioning and radiant heating. It was also determined to add chimney caps, which Wright characteristically demurred, for the home’s six fireplaces.
In common with Fallingwater, the house’s design does not merely accommodate but actually incorporates the island’s topography. A -high, -long rock forms the exterior to the entry and an interior wall, while a smaller rock doubles as a kitchen and bathroom wall. Again, like Fallingwater's signature terraces, the house features a cantilevered deck that stretches over Lake Mahopac. Its -high living area is illuminated with 26 triangular skylights.
Controversy over authenticity.
Throughout the construction, Massaro was in conflict with the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation, which was established by the architect in 1940 to conserve his intellectual property. Massaro told interviewers that the foundation requested $450,000 to render working drawings from Wright's sketches and supervise construction of the house. After Massaro hired Heinz, the foundation filed a lawsuit, which ended in a settlement that limited Massaro to referring to the structure as being "inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright".
To date, the foundation refuses to recognize Massaro House as an official Frank Lloyd Wright creation. Philip Allsopp, the foundation’s chief executive office, has stated: “It’s not a Frank Lloyd Wright house, because it hasn’t been certified by the foundation.”
Yet in the "Los Angeles Times", Massaro defended the Wright connection. “You hear these purists that talk about how no unbuilt Frank Lloyd Wright house should ever be built because Frank Lloyd Wright isn’t here anymore,” he said. “And then you take a look at this masterpiece of his – I’m sure Frank would rather have it built than not built at all."
Criticism of design.
Critics' concerns center on four details of Massaro's house.
``That's not the way Wright intended, plain and simple," Storrer said.
Such talk infuriates Massaro. In order to follow building codes, Massaro said, he had to add 4 inches of Styrofoam insulation inside the support posts, making it impossible to embed the odd-shaped granite stones he harvested from the island and still keep the house from collapsing.
``Frank would have changed this," Massaro said. ``He would have had to."
Wright purists argue that Massaro's 26 skylights are domed; Wright designed skylights that were flat.
Massaro counters that the flat ones leak.
``So what?" Storrer said. ``Modern sealants can prevent leakage. Otherwise, let them leak and be Wrightian, or don't claim to be Wrightian."
Massaro said he didn't build the stairs because they would descend into 3 feet of water.
If the purists' objections seem petty, it's because the little things matter a great deal to Wright's fans.
``It's the small details that we'll never know about," said Rich Herber, who owns a Wright house in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
``The outside of the Massaro house is dead-on. When you go inside, it's such a big house, it will be very hard to make the details" the way Wright envisioned.
Massaro, however, said he's worked hard to fulfill Wright's vision, searching for craftspeople who could make custom furniture, copper fascia, triangular skylights, angular doorknobs and mahogany ventilation grilles, among other detail work, in an effort to please not Wright's acolytes but the architect himself.
``When Frank says this is what I want, I try to go find it," he said.
Current status.
The Massaro House is currently maintained as a private residence and is not open for the general public. However, Massaro has stated he would make the house available as a fundraising location for nonprofit charitable groups.
In November 2012 the property was listed for sale at $20 million USD.

</doc>
<doc id="19989889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989889" title="Ethical monotheism">
Ethical monotheism

Ethical monotheism is a belief in one God who guides humanity through ethical principles. Ethical monotheists sometimes believe that all ethical standards are derived from God and are thus dependent upon the divine in this way.
Definition of ethical monotheism.
Ethical monotheism is evident in many different religions, such as Christianity, Islam, Judaism, and many more. All of these religions carry the belief of having one sole higher power, who controls everything that occurs in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19989893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989893" title="Heinz Drache">
Heinz Drache

Heinz Drache (9 February 1923 – 3 April 2002) was a German film actor. He appeared in 42 films between 1953 and 2002.
He was born in Essen, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989913" title="DRG Class 25">
DRG Class 25

Class 25 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19989919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989919" title="Dumitriţa Turner">
Dumitriţa Turner

Dumitriţa Turner (born February 12, 1964) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1980 Olympic Games. She is a world champion on vault, a world gold medalist with the team and an Olympic silver medalist. She now lives in Sydney, Australia, where she works as an accountant.

</doc>
<doc id="19989921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989921" title="Xian MA700">
Xian MA700

The Xian Modern Ark 700 (MA700) is a proposed all new and Chinese designed turboprop regional airliner.
Xi'an Aircraft Industry Company Ltd under AVIC I is the developer. Design assistance is being provided by the Ukrainian company Antonov. When it was first announced (2007) it was presented as a 70-seat aircraft. However, when a model of the proposed craft was shown at the 2008 Airshow China, it was touted as capable of offering 80 seats in 4-abreast configuration.
The MA700 is conventional configuration, with a non-swept tapered wing mounted high on the mid-fuselage. Its two Pratt & Whitney Canada engines are tractor-mounted. The 2008 model was equipped with 6-bladed slightly swept propellers. The main bogies of the tricycle landing gear are carried on faired pods outside the pressure capsule. The empennage has T-tail configuration. The 2008 model showed 28 exterior window openings on each side of the passenger area.
At the 2008 Airshow China, an announcement was made of changes to the organizational structure of the Chinese aircraft industry. The units formerly known as AVIC I and AVIC II have been re-merged into a single unit known as AVIC, or China Aviation Industry Corporation, in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19989934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989934" title="Lori 1 Wind Farm">
Lori 1 Wind Farm

Lori 1 Wind Farm is a wind farm located along the Bazum Mountains at Pushkin Pass in Lori, Armenia. It is the country's only wind farm. The wind farm consists of four 660-kW wind turbines and has a capacity of 2.64 MWe. Completed in December 2005 by the Iranian company Sunir with US$3.2 million funding from Iran, it is owned by the High-Voltage Electric Networks of Armenia. In 2006, the Lori 1 generated only 2.6 GWh of electricity (a yearly average of 296.8 KWe—about 11% of installed capacity).
The Armenian and Iranian authorities have agreed to expand the wind farm up to 90 MW. 

</doc>
<doc id="19989935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989935" title="United States Senate election in Minnesota, 2000">
United States Senate election in Minnesota, 2000

The 2000 United States Senate election in Minnesota was held on November 7, 2000 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of Minnesota. The race pitted incumbent Republican Senator Rod Grams against Minnesota State Auditor Mark Dayton. Dayton won with 48.83% of the vote against Grams’ 43.29%.

</doc>
<doc id="19989942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989942" title="2008–09 Bobsleigh World Cup">
2008–09 Bobsleigh World Cup

The 2008–09 Bobsleigh World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for bobsleigh. The season starts on November 24, 2008 in Winterberg and ends on February 14, 2009 in Park City, Utah. The World Cup is organised by the FIBT who also run world cups and championships in skeleton.
Schedule update.
On the November 14, 2008 FIBT website, it was announced that the competition at the bobsleigh track in Cortina d'Ampezzo was cancelled to technical issues and the competition for January 5–11, 2009 was moved to the Königssee track in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19989950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989950" title="Newport Opera House">
Newport Opera House

The Newport Opera House is a historic landmark and a fully functioning theatre in the center of Newport in Sullivan County, New Hampshire. It was built in 1886 after the previous town hall and courthouse burned down in 1885. The rebuilt Opera House was noted to have the largest stage north of Boston. 1974 began the restoration of the Opera House, and concluded with the unveiling of the stage in 1976 with its opening production of "The Music Man".

</doc>
<doc id="19989961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989961" title="Otto Berg (scientist)">
Otto Berg (scientist)

Otto Berg (23 November 1873 – 1939) was a German scientist. He is one of the scientists credited with discovering rhenium, the next-to-last naturally occurring element to be discovered and the last element to be discovered having a stable isotope.
Rhenium.
In 1925 in Germany, Walter Noddack, Ida Tacke, and Otto Berg reported that they detected the element in platinum ore and in the mineral columbite. They also found rhenium in gadolinite and molybdenite. 
In 1928 they were able to extract 1 gram of the element by processing 660 kg of molybdenite.
Technetium.
The same team was also involved in the discovery of technetium. They reported the discovery of element 75 and element 43 in 1925 and named element 43 masurium (after Masuria in eastern Prussia, now in Poland, the region where Walter Noddack's family originated). The group bombarded columbite with a beam of electrons and deduced element 43 was present by examining X-ray diffraction spectrograms. The wavelength of the X-rays produced is related to the atomic number by a formula derived by Henry Moseley in 1913. The team claimed to detect a faint X-ray signal at a wavelength produced by element 43. Contemporary experimenters could not replicate the discovery, and it was dismissed as an error for many years.
In 1998, John T. Armstrong of the National Institute of Standards and Technology performed computer simulations of the 1925 experiments and obtained results quite similar to those reported by the Noddack team. He claimed that this was further supported by work published by David Curtis of the Los Alamos National Laboratory measuring the (tiny) natural occurrence of technetium. Noddack's experimental results have never been reproduced, and they were unable to isolate any element 43. Debate still exists as to whether the 1925 team discovered element 43.
Discovery of element 43 was finally confirmed by a 1937 experiment in Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="19989975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989975" title="Premier Education Group">
Premier Education Group

The Premier Education Group (PEG) is a privately held company that operates vocational education institutions in the northeastern United States. Programs offered by PEG institutions vary by location but include massage therapy, medical assisting, health claims specialist, paralegal, and computer information technology.
Premier is based in East Haven, Connecticut.
The company was started in 1965, when it established its first school.
Institutions.
Premier operates programs at 25 locations under eight institutional names:
Controversy.
Premier Education Group has faced allegations of fraudulently misrepresenting school accreditations and certifications, and of unprofessional academic practices. A federal lawsuit by seven former employees charges that school officials routinely misled students about their career prospects, and falsified records to enroll them and keep them enrolled, so that they could continue to get government grant and loan dollars.A principal owner of Premier was Andrew N. Yao, who was convicted of fraud and served time in federal prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19989979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19989979" title="Indexed file">
Indexed file

An indexed file is a computer file with an index that allows easy random access to any record given its file key.
The key must be such that it uniquely identifies a record. If more than one index is present the other ones are called "alternate indexes".
The COBOL language supports indexed files with the following command in the codice_1 section
Support for indexed files was built into IBM Mainframe computer COBOL . The indexes were created with the file and maintained by the system.
In later systems, indexed files were replaced by current relational databases.

</doc>
<doc id="19990029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990029" title="Rhume">
Rhume

The Rhume is a 48 km long river in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Leine. Its source is a karstic spring in Rhumspringe, south of the Harz mountain range. The water drains with high pressure from the ground of the funnel-shaped well, known for its turquoise colour.
The Rhume then flows in northwesterly direction through the municipalities of Gieboldehausen, Katlenburg-Lindau and Northeim. It finally joins the Leine river west of Northeim.

</doc>
<doc id="19990030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990030" title="Mingachevir Hydro Power Plant">
Mingachevir Hydro Power Plant

The Mingachevir Hydro Power Plant is one of Azerbaijan's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 402 MW. It was built as a part of Mingachevir reservoir on Kura River.
The length of the hydroelectric dam is , its width is and height is .

</doc>
<doc id="19990062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990062" title="Sarsang Hydro Power Plant">
Sarsang Hydro Power Plant

The Sarsang Hydro Power Plant is a hydro power plant in Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan Republic, having an installed electric capacity of 50 MW on Sarsang reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="19990081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990081" title="Shamkir Hydroelectric Power Station">
Shamkir Hydroelectric Power Station

The Shamkir Hydro Power Plant is one of Azerbaijan's largest hydro power plants having an installed electric capacity of 380 MW. It is located on Shamkir reservoir in Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19990104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990104" title="Yenikend Hydroelectric Power Station">
Yenikend Hydroelectric Power Station

The Yenikend Hydro Power Plant is one of Azerbaijan's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 150 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990121" title="Crakehall railway station">
Crakehall railway station

Crakehall railway station was a railway station that served the village of Crakehall, North Yorkshire, England.
History.
Opened by the Bedale and Leyburn Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Track still passes through the station site, providing rail access for the Wensleydale Railway which operates west from Leeming Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19990124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990124" title="RAF Cranage">
RAF Cranage

RAF Cranage was a Royal Air Force station during the Second World War. It was located just to the North of Middlewich, Cheshire, England.
History.
The site at Cranage was chosen for use as a training station and aircraft maintenance unit in August 1939. Originally just a grass airfield, three runways were later built from American metal plank. The airfield unusually had eight blister hangars for maintenance use. 
The first flying unit was No. 2 School of Air Navigation which was formed on 21 October 1940. It operated the twin-engined Avro Anson for training navigators. In 1942 the unit was renamed the Central Navigation School and the strength was increased to 58 Ansons, they were joined two years later by a number of Vickers Wellingtons in the same role. 
As well as the training role, the airfield also housed an operational squadron from December 1940 with the formation of 96 Squadron which was equipped with Hawker Hurricanes. This unit operated in the night air-defence role, mainly in the protection of the industrial and port areas of Liverpool. 
A Vickers-Armstrongs shadow factory assembling Wellingtons, was situated at Byley but close to the airfield. The completed aircraft would be towed from the factory to the airfield for their first flight and onward delivery. In July 1942 1531 Flight was formed as a Beam Approach Training Flight using the Airspeed Oxford. Aircrew were taught the techniques of the-then new airfield approach aid. A United States Army Air Forces liaison flight, operating Sentinels, also worked from the site in 1944.
The only flying unit on the airfield after the war was No. 190 Gliding School which was formed in May 1945 and operated from the site for two years. With their departure, flying ceased at Cranage. The airfield was used for storage and maintenance until it closed in 1958. 

</doc>
<doc id="19990126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990126" title="Lady's Rock">
Lady's Rock

Lady's Rock is a skerry to the south west of Lismore in the Inner Hebrides. It is submerged at high tide and carries a navigation beacon. Eilean Musdile is to the north east, next to Lismore.
History.
In 1527, Lachlan Maclean of Duart decided to murder his wife, Lady Catherine Campbell, a sister of Archibald Campbell, 4th Earl of Argyll. He rowed out to the rock one night at low tide and left his wife stranded on the rock to die. Looking out the next day from Duart Castle he observed the rock was devoid of life, so he sent a message of condolence to the earl at Inveraray Castle, indicating that he intended to bring his wife's body there for burial. Maclean duly arrived at Inveraray with an entourage of men and the coffin. He was immediately taken to the dining hall of the castle for refreshment only to discover Lady Catherine waiting for him at the head of the table. She had been rescued during the night by boat from Tayvallich (or possibly Lismore) that had passed by the rock. 
No word was said of the incident by Argyll or his sister during the meal and Maclean was allowed to make his escape. He was murdered in his bed in Edinburgh some time later by Sir John Campbell of Calder, Lady Catherine's brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19990129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990129" title="Gheorghe Tașcă">
Gheorghe Tașcă

Gheorghe Taşcă (born Iorgu Taşcă, January 30, 1875 in Bălăbăneşti Tutova County, now in Galați County) was a Romanian economist and politician.
He was the son of Gheorghe I. Taşcă, a local landowner and philanthropist.
He was professor of political economy and rector (1929–1931) of the Academy of High Commercial and Industrial Studies of Bucharest (now the Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies). He was also corresponding member of the Romanian Academy. A liberal and anti-fascist, he was arrested in 1950 by the Communist authorities and died on March 25, 1951 in the Sighet prison, Maramureş County Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19990135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990135" title="Enikend Hydroelectric Power Station">
Enikend Hydroelectric Power Station

The Enikend Hydro Power Plant is one of Azerbaijan's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 112 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990152" title="Jervaulx railway station">
Jervaulx railway station

Jervaulx railway station was a railway station that served the village of Jervaulx, North Yorkshire, England.
History.
Opened by the Bedale and Leyburn Railway, it was taken over by the North Eastern Railway, which became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Track still passes through the station site, providing rail access for the Wensleydale Railway which operates west from Leeming Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19990158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990158" title="Herstmonceux Park">
Herstmonceux Park

Herstmonceux Park is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex, England. It is of importance because of its wetland habitat and fen vegetation. It is the only known location of Milk Parsley "Peucedanum palustre" in the south-east.

</doc>
<doc id="19990168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990168" title="Grosser Mythen">
Grosser Mythen

The Grosser Mythen is a mountain in the Schwyzer Voralpen, located near Schwyz in Central Switzerland. 
It is accessible from Holzegg by a hiking trail which is opened during the summer months only.
Geologically the Mythen is a penninic Klippe.

</doc>
<doc id="19990170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990170" title="Eilean Musdile">
Eilean Musdile

Eilean Musdile (Mansedale) is an islet, and lighthouse to the south west of Lismore in the Inner Hebrides. 
The island lies in the entrance to Loch Linnhe, separated from Lismore by a sound ¼ miles across. It is a low-lying rock, ten acres (4 ha) in size, with some grass on it. CalMac ferries pass close to the island on their way from Oban to Mull. 
The lighthouse was built by Robert Stevenson in 1833 at a cost of £4260 and initially showed a fixed white light. In 1910 most of the Northern Lighhouse Board's lights were changed to dioptric or Fresnel lenses but Lismore and Fidra, in the Firth of Forth, were left as the only remaining purely catoptric lights in the service.
A Standing Stone once stood on the highest point of the island (). The monolith appears to have recorded the midwinter sunset and is thought to have been removed during construction of the lighthouse.
The skerry of Lady's Rock lies a short distance to the south west.

</doc>
<doc id="19990172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990172" title="Oder (Harz)">
Oder (Harz)

The Oder is a 56 km long river in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Rhume. Its source is in the Harz mountains, near Sankt Andreasberg. It flows southwest through Bad Lauterberg, Pöhlde and Hattorf am Harz. The Oder flows into the Rhume in Katlenburg-Lindau.
History.
The Oder rises in the district of Goslar in the heart of the Harz Mountains. Its source is located in the southern part of the Brockenfeld about 1.3 km north of the Achtermannshöhe. The river's source is called the "Odersprung" or "Oder Leap."
On the Brockenfeld, which is close to the "Odersprung", the rivers Abbe, Große Bode, Ecker and Kalte Bode also have their respective origins. On its perimeter is the ancient Dreieckiger Pfahl boundary stone.
After the Oder has passed under the B 4 federal highway in Oderbrück in an east-west direction, it is impounded for the first time west of the village in the Oderteich, where it bends to the south. A few kilometres further downstream, the river is impounded for the second time not far southwest of Oder Valley Sawmill ("Odertaler Sägemühle") by the barrage of the Oder Dam. Thereafter the river flows through Bad Lauterberg and leaves the Harz.
In Bad Lauterberg the Oder swings west, running through Pöhlde and Hattorf am Harz, passing north of the Rotenberg, and reaching Wulften. In Hattorf it collects the Sieber river coming from the northeast, before emptying into the Rhume (a tributary of the Leine) in Katlenburg from the east.
Between Scharzfeld and Katlenburg the Oder flows through the nature reserve of Oderaue.

</doc>
<doc id="19990177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990177" title="Pale Hydro Power Plant">
Pale Hydro Power Plant

The Pale Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 50 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990178" title="William Healey">
William Healey

William Healey was the president of Newton Heath Football Club in the 1890s and one of the club's principal creditors.
In 1897, a friendly tournament was inaugurated for clubs in the Manchester and Salford area. Healey provided a trophy for the tournament the following year, and the competition became known as the Healey Charity Cup.
Around the turn of the 20th century, Newton Heath's fortunes began to diminish, both on the pitch and in their bank balance, and they found themselves more than £2,500 in debt. Eventually, Healey took the club to court in order to claim back the £242 17s 10d that he was owed. Due to their large debts, the club was unable to repay Healey and was declared bankrupt. Fortunately, they were soon rescued by local businessman John Henry Davies and renamed "Manchester United". Davies took over as club chairman, thus ending Healey's association with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19990208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990208" title="Srbinje Hydro Power Plant">
Srbinje Hydro Power Plant

The Srbinje Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 56 MW.
However, same as Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant, the project has been under harsh scrutiny of local and national communities and various NGO's from Bosnia and Herzegovina and abroad, due which is postponed and possibly will be eventually canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19990209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990209" title="Kleiner Mythen">
Kleiner Mythen

The Kleiner Mythen is a mountain in the Schwyzer Voralpen, located near Schwyz in Central Switzerland. It is located north of the Grosser Mythen.

</doc>
<doc id="19990210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990210" title="Delfinul">
Delfinul

Delfinul (The dolphin) is a Kilo class submarine of the Romanian Naval Forces. It was commissioned in August 1985 and is currently the only Romanian submarine in service. Due to a lack of funding the submarine is inactive since 1995 and kept in reserve docked in the military sector of the Port of Constanţa.
History.
In the early 1980s, the Romanian Naval Forces expressed the need for a submarine to train the anti-submarine vessels of the fleet. The Chinese government made an offer for six Type-33 submarines, two built in China (one with Romanian workers) and four in Romania. The Type-33 was however an obsolete design and the Romanian government decided to purchase Soviet equipment. A Kilo class submarine was acquired in 1984 for $61,5 million from USSR. The submarine was built by Krasnoye Sormovo Factory No. 112 in Gorki. The Romanian crew of the submarine was trained in the USSR. The submarine, christened "Delfinul", was delivered in 1985. Another two Kilo class submarines were going to be purchased, but due to financial reasons, the orders were cancelled.
Service.
The submarine successfully accomplished 67 missions, with 2000 hours of immersion. During these missions, "Delfinul" launched 23 torpedoes and 2 naval mines. In 1996, the submarine exhausted the resources of the initial batteries and is kept in reserve since then. After 2001, the submarine was transferred to the "Mircea cel Bătrân" Naval Academy, being used as a training ship. Numerous overhauling plans have been proposed since 1996, yet none was implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="19990223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990223" title="Class 34">
Class 34

The DRG Class 34 refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="19990239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990239" title="Ustikolina Hydro Power Plant">
Ustikolina Hydro Power Plant

The Ustikolina Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 63 MW.
However, the project has been under harsh scrutiny of local and national communities and various NGO's from Bosnia and Herzegovina and abroad, due which is postponed and possibly will be eventually canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19990255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990255" title="Billboard Hot Soul Hits">
Billboard Hot Soul Hits

Billboard Hot Soul Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1995, compiling 50 hit soul music recordings, which were popular in the 1970s. Five albums were released, containing ten songs from a specific year from 1970 through 1974.
All tracks on the albums were hits on the "Billboard" Best Selling Soul Singles chart (renamed "Hot Soul Singles" in 1973). Several of the tracks were crossover hits on the pop charts, including the number-one Billboard Hot 100 songs: "Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin)" by Sly & the Family Stone, "ABC" by The Jackson 5, "Want Ads" by Honey Cone, "Oh Girl" by The Chi-Lites, "TSOP (The Sound of Philadelphia)" by MFSB featuring The Three Degrees, "Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe" by Barry White and "Then Came You" by Dionne Warwick and The Spinners.

</doc>
<doc id="19990256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990256" title="Thomas Levett-Prinsep">
Thomas Levett-Prinsep

Thomas Levett-Prinsep ( – 1849), born Thomas Levett at Wychnor Park in Staffordshire, was a Derbyshire JP, member of the Tamworth Board of Guardians, landowner and cattle breeder in Derbyshire who took on the additional name of Prinsep upon inheriting his uncle's holding of Croxall Hall.
Thomas Levett was born at Wychnor Park in Wychnor, Staffordshire, the third son of Theophilus Levett. Thomas was educated at Eton College and in 1831 married Margaret, the daughter of Scottish merchant David Monro, a seigneur, businessman and political figure in Lower Canada who, after building a fortune in the Canadian ironworks, left North America and moved to Bath, Somerset.
Shortly afterwards, in 1835, Levett inherited Croxall Hall in Derbyshire, located eight miles (13 km) southwest of Burton-on-Trent, and which the Curzon family held for 15 consecutive generations. Mary Curzon, the heiress of the Curzon family and governess to the Royal Family, married Sir Edward Sackville, 4th Earl of Dorset. John Prinsep Esq., India merchant and progenitor of the Anglo-Indian family of the same name, purchased the property from George Sackville, 4th Duke of Dorset, and became lord of the manor. The Prinseps became well known for the cattle they bred at their Croxall estate, which at was said to be the biggest family farm in Derbyshire at the time.
Thomas Prinsep, High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1802, died without an heir, and so left Croxall Hall to his nephew, the son of Theophilus Levett of Wychnor Hall, High Sheriff of Staffordshire, who had married in 1794 Frances Prinsep, daughter of John Prinsep of Croxall Hall, and sister of Thomas Prinsep. Prinsep left his property to his nephew Levett on condition that he adopt the name and coat of arms of Prinsep in addition to Levett.
Following the early death of his wife Margaret, the by-now Thomas Levett-Prinsep married in 1838 as his second wife Caroline Mary Templer. She was the daughter of Rev. John James Templer of Newton Abbot in Devon, the Rector of Teigngrace and a member of the Templer family who owned Stover House and the Stover Estate in Devon – later sold due to Templer family financial troubles to Edward St Maur, 11th Duke of Somerset. Rev. Templer's other daughter Henrietta was married to Thomas Levett-Prinsep's elder brother Theophilus Levett, who had inherited the Levett family's Wychnor Park.
By his first wife, Levett-Prinsep had a daughter Margaret Catherine Levett-Prinsep, born in 1837 in Bath. In 1860 she married her cousin Robert Thomas Kennedy Levett, son of John Levett and his wife, the former Sophia Eliza Kennedy, of Wychnor Park. By his second wife, Caroline, Levett-Prinsep had an eldest son, also Thomas Levett-Prinsep, to whom he left the Croxall estate at his early death in 1849. The son Thomas Levett-Prinsep married Georgina Holdsworth, the granddaughter of Devonshire merchant and member of Parliament Arthur Howe Holdsworth, in 1868 at Stokenham, Devon.
Following his marriage in Devon, Thomas Levett-Prinsep returned to Croxall Hall, which he inherited from his father. He renovated the Hall, and built The Grange to control his farmland. He and his wife had three daughters and a son, Thomas. Ultimately, their daughter Katherine Mary married Lt. Col. Henry Edward Disbrow Wise, CBE. The couple moved to nearby Walton Hall, Walton-on-Trent.
Eventually the Levett-Prinsep heirs sold Croxall Hall in 1920, and moved to the West Country, closer to family relations there. The Levett-Prinseps eventually inherited Widdicombe House in Kingsbridge, Devon, the home of Arthur Bastard Easterbrook Holdsworth, son of MP Arthur Howe Holdsworth.
Croxall Hall is near to Catton Hall, once a property of the Anson family, who later intermarried with the Levetts of nearby Milford Hall, distant relations of Thomas Levett-Prinsep. The author John Dryden was said to have visited the Curzon family at Croxall Hall, and the land once known as Dryden's Walk was said to be named for the poet.
Thomas Levett-Prinsep died suddenly while crossing Teignmouth Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="19990261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990261" title="Howden, Livingston">
Howden, Livingston

Howden is an area of the new town of Livingston, the largest town in West Lothian, Scotland. Howden is bordered by the Craigshill (to the east), Ladywell (to the north), Almondvale (to the south) and Kirkton (to the west). It is named after the 18th-century Howden House, which is currently empty, although the adjacent stable block has been converted into the Howden Park Centre, an arts and entertainment venue. 2012 brought the start of construction on the 18th century building. A developer is turning the classic building into apartments with the land behind it also getting new apartments built.
External links.
. Just like every where else I suppose.

</doc>
<doc id="19990269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990269" title="Three-Sided Coin">
Three-Sided Coin

Three-Sided Coin is Nickelback's first compilation album, being a rare 2002 Japan-only release by Roadrunner International. It contains songs from all three of Nickelback's previous albums: "Curb", "The State", and "Silver Side Up", plus the song "Yanking Out My Heart", which is a previously unreleased song recorded during the "Silver Side Up" recording sessions, but later appeared on the special edition of "The Long Road", and the Scorpion King soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19990275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990275" title="Bocac Hydroelectric Power Station">
Bocac Hydroelectric Power Station

The Bocac Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 110 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990281" title="Claus Kleber">
Claus Kleber

Claus Kleber (born September 2, 1955 in Reutlingen, Germany) is a German journalist. He anchors "heute journal", an evening news program on ZDF, one of Germany major public TV stations. He is also known for his expertise in United States politics and German-American relations, as evidenced by his 2005 book "Amerikas Kreuzzüge" ("America's crusades").
Career.
Kleber started building his reputation during the 1980s as a Washington correspondent for Deutschlandfunk (DLF), a German public radio station.
In the spring of 1989, Kleber returned to Germany as chief editor of RIAS Berlin, the city’s most influential radio station. There, he was on location for the fall of the Berlin Wall, and brought eyewitness accounts of the crumbling Soviet Empire to Germany.
In 1990, Kleber returned to Washington as a senior correspondent and bureau chief for ARD, one of the two nationwide German public television networks (the other being ZDF, where he currently works). There, he spent twelve years to setting high standards in international reporting and consequently gained a reputation as one of his country’s most influential foreign policy journalists. He has reported from all fifty states in the US, and he has covered, met and interviewed every American president since Ronald Reagan as well as the most influential members of the George W. Bush administration, including President Bush himself as well as secretaries Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Colin Powell.
In 2001, Kleber moved to London as ARD bureau chief. Only a few months into the new job, he received an offer from ZDF (Germany's other major public network) to become managing editor and principal anchor of "Heute Journal", one of Germany's leading television news programs.
Kleber is also a documentary filmmaker, and with his long-standing professional partner, Angela Andersen, he has made many films, including the award-winning "America, Almighty" (2003), "Peoples of the Orient" (2003), "Minefield Afghanistan" (2004), "India – Unstoppable" (2006), and "The Bomb" (2009).
Awards and books.
Claus Kleber is a recipient of several prestigious awards, including the Media prize of the Johanna Quandt Foundation (1998) for excellence in economic reporting, the RIAS Berlin committee TV prize (1997, 1999 and 2003), and the "Deutscher Fernsehpreis" (the German equivalent of the American Emmy) in 2005 and 2006. His best-selling book "Amerikas Kreuzzüge" ("America's crusades") won the 2005 Corine Literature Prize for best non-fiction work. Shortly before the 2008 presidential election, Kleber published an updated edition with his views on the candidates.
Education & Family.
Kleber has a doctorate in Law and Political Science from Tübingen University. He is an alumnus of Studienstiftung. Kleber is married to Renate Kleber, a physician. They have two daughters, 20 and 18 years old, and the family lives in Wiesbaden, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19990286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990286" title="Hermenegildo Galeana">
Hermenegildo Galeana

Hermenegildo Galeana (April 13, 1762 – June 27, 1814) was a hero of the Mexican War of Independence.
Hermenegildo Galeana may also refer to:
Also named for him:

</doc>
<doc id="19990287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990287" title="Crepidula">
Crepidula

Crepidula, common name the "slipper limpets" or "slipper shells", is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calyptraeidae. This family includes the slipper snails ("Crepidula"), hat snails ("Calyptraea"), spiny slipper snails ("Bostrycapulus"), and cup-and-saucer snails ("Crucibulum") as well as "Crepipatella", "Siphopatella", "Grandicrepidula", and "Maoricrypta".
These recent changes in the definition of "Crepidula" are based on both DNA sequence data as well as anatomical work. Dissections of various calyptraeids show that species that are now placed in "Grandicrepidula" and "Maoricrypta" are anatomically very different from the true "Crepidula". If only the shells are examined this difference is not apparent. This distinction is supported by DNA sequence data from 3 genes (COI, 16S and 28S).
The genus "Crepidula" is probably the best studied group within the calyptraeids. A variety of species are commonly used in developmental, ecological, and behavioral research. They have been the major focus of research on protandrous sex-change in marine invertebrates and have been used to demonstrate that sex change is environmentally mediated (the timing of sex change depends on association with other individual snails). "Crepidula fornicata" and "Crepidula onyx" are well-studied examples of invasive, exotic species in marine habitats.
Due to their simple shells and plastic morphology, calyptraeid taxonomy is challenging. In many cases distinct species with similar-looking shells have been lumped into a single species with either global or unusual distributions. In these cases close examination of the mode of development or of DNA data is vital to verify the species identity. Because such taxonomic lumping is difficult to clear from the internet or from the literature many species range estimates available on the internet include dubious data or data from species that have been taken out of synonymy.
Species.
Species within the genus "Crepidula" include:
Species that were previously placed in the genus Crepidula but have subsequently removed from the genus on the basis of work by Bruce Marshall of the Te Papa Museum and Rachel Collin of the Smithsonian Institution include the following:
Now Maoricrypta:
Now Grandicrepidula:
Now "Siphopatella":
Synonyms:
Ecology.
Like all calyptraeids, slipper snails are sedentary filter-feeders. Adults use their large gill to capture microalgae from suspension, but there is some evidence that small juveniles can also use the radula to scrape algae from the substrate.
Introduced and invasive "Crepidula" species.
"Crepidula fornicata" - Native to the east coast of North America and ranging from Florida north into Canada. This species is now widespread and considered highly invasive along the north coast of Spain and France, along much of England's coastline and into the North Sea. It has also been reported from San Francisco Bay, Puget Sound and the Mediterranean Sea.
"Crepidula convexa" - Native to the east coast of North America and ranging from South Carolina to New England. This species has been reported from Puget Sound and San Francisco Bay.
"Crepidula onyx" - Native to the Southern coast of California and northern Pacific coast of Mexico. This species is now widespread and considered highly invasive in asian. It has been reported from Korea, Japan and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19990295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990295" title="ARM Hermenegildo Galeana">
ARM Hermenegildo Galeana

ARM "Hermenegildo Galeana" may refer to one of the following Mexican Navy ships:

</doc>
<doc id="19990296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990296" title="Čapljina Hydroelectric Power Station">
Čapljina Hydroelectric Power Station

The Čapljina Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 430 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990324" title="Grabovica Hydroelectric Power Station">
Grabovica Hydroelectric Power Station

The Grabovica Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 117 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990329" title="Jack Robinson (photographer)">
Jack Robinson (photographer)

Jack Robinson, Jr. (September 18, 1928 – December 15, 1997) was an American photographer and stained glass designer. Robinson was freelance photographer for "Vogue" and "The New York Times" from the 1950s to the early 1970s before he left New York to return home to the American South and pursue a career as a stained glass designer.
Photography career.
Jack Robinson, Jr. was born in Meridian, Mississippi on September 18, 1928 to Jack Robinson, Sr. and Euline Jones Robinson. The family soon moved to Clarksdale, Mississippi, where Jack attended Clarksdale public school and graduated in 1946. In Clarkesdale Robinson is said to have been somewhat shy and reclusive, often choosing to stay at home and paint and draw rather than socialize with peers. It was during those years that he began to develop a talent for photography. In 1946 Robinson left Clarksdale to attend Tulane University in New Orleans, initially planning to pursue a career in medicine.
It was in New Orleans that Robinson began his career in photography. Much of his early work was shot in the French Quarter where he documented street scenes and vibrant nightlife. He frequented Dixie's Bar of Music, a Bourbon Street club which was an epicenter of the New Orleans gay community in the 1950s and 1960s, and hangout of artists and writers such as Lyle Saxon, Tennessee Williams, Truman Capote, and Gore Vidal. During this period he refined his talent as a photographer, capturing portraits of notable figures of the southern Bohemia art and culture scene in New Orleans, and documenting the gay community's involvement in Mardi Gras.
In 1954 Robinson traveled to Mexico with Betty Parsons, the famous New York art dealer, and photographed scenes of Mexican life. At Parsons' encouragement, he moved to New York in 1955 to pursue a career in fashion photography. He was quickly recognized as an emerging talent and was sought out by top designers in the fashion industry. In 1959 he shot his first major cover for a fashion special for "Life Magazine". In the late 1950s he began free-lancing for "The New York Times Magazine" under style editor Carrie Donovan. His relationship with Donovan proved to be important for Robinson. When she left the magazine in 1965 to work for "Vogue", she brought Robinson with her.
At "Vogue" Robinson shot regularly for the running sections "Vogue's own Boutique," a monthly feature that utilized celebrities as models in various boutiques around New York, and "People are Talking About," a feature that profiled up and coming personalities in arts, entertainment, and politics. Additionally, he contributed photographs to many other "Vogue" articles. It was at "Vogue" that Robinson photographed many of his most famous subjects including Elton John, Joni Mitchell, Jack Nicholson, and Cher. Robinson remained at "Vogue" for the duration of his time in New York, amassing a large body of work between 1965 and 1973.
Robinson's career as a photographer was not however to continue past the early 1970s. In the late 1960s he began frequenting Andy Warhol's Factory in Manhattan and his lifestyle gradually shifted towards the excesses that were typical of the Factory scene of the era. In the early 1970s he developed a serious drinking problem and his professional career and financial stability began to unravel as a result. By the end of 1972 Robinson's once steady flow of work had slowed to a trickle. Facing financial problems he left New York and moved south to Memphis, Tennessee. His career as a professional photographer was over, and it was a part of his life that Robinson would seldom speak of in years to come. He became an intensely private person. For reasons not at all clear, he seemed determined to remain anonymous. He once confided in a friend that "he wanted a coffee table book after he was dead, but he just didn't want any limelight while he was alive."
Stained Glass Career.
Back in Memphis Robinson pulled his life back together. He joined Alcoholics Anonymous, quit drinking, and began working for a local stained glass studio. His primary work was in designing church windows, which can be seen today in churches across the American South. His most notable achievement in the stained glass field was winning the international competition for the design and fabrication of the stained glass windows in the Danny Thomas chapel at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis.
Legacy.
By the early 1970s Jack had established himself as one of the leading fashion and portrait photographers in the world. In 1974, "Vogue" unveiled a retrospective of "50 Years of Women in Vogue". "Newsweek" magazine covered the show and printed a two-page spread that featured six photographs: one by Richard Avedon, two by Irving Penn, one by George Hoyningen-Huene, one by Edward Steichen, and one by Jack Robinson. Robinson's work was clearly regarded as among the best of his contemporaries. In 2007, New York fashion magazine "MAO MAG" published an article entitled "Who was Jack Robinson?" in which they profiled Robinson and his career. They wrote:
In his 17 year career, Jack Robinson was one of the editorial world's most accomplished photographers (in fact, one of Diana Vreeland's favorites) and had exclusive access to film actors, music stars, fashion designers, artists, sports figures, politicians, and socialites via his assignments for "Vogue", "The New York Times", and "Life" but his self exile from New York in 1973 and his determination never to talk about his prolific past continues to shroud his career in mystery.
Today, Robinson is being recognized posthumously for his talent, and his work has been shown in galleries around the world including Staley-Wise Gallery in New York, Getty Gallery in London, and Bryant Gallery in New Orleans.
Notable Photographs.
Celebrity:
Fashion:

</doc>
<doc id="19990330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990330" title="Örtze">
Örtze

The Örtze is a river in the North German state of Lower Saxony, which rises north of Munster in the "Große Heide" (in the "Raubkammer" federal forest) and, after , joins the Aller southeast of Winsen.
Source and course.
The Örtze valley is an old glacial valley. It was formed during the Saale glaciation about 230,000 to 130,000 years ago by the drainage of meltwater from the ice sheet which cut 20 to 50 metres deep into the plateaus of the southern Lüneburg Heath. The upper Örtze has incised its own, much smaller valley into the sandur beds and the roughly 4 kilometre wide, flat glacial valley floor.
The source region of the Örtze and its several source bogs lie on the terrain of the Munster North Training Area. In order to remove suspended solids and sediments which are washed away during heavy rains from the tank training areas with their sparse covering of vegetation, four successive lakes - the so-called "Munoseen" - have been created on the Örtze, and, on the "Ilster", the main headstream of the river, there is a further dam pond. The Örtze is the largest river on the Southern Heath or "Südheide" and drains its central area, between the rather longer Böhme to the west and the Ise to the east. It has a relatively steep incline. In the middle of the river in its lower course the stream flow is about 0.71 metres per second and the water depth varies from 0.5 m to 2 m. It is classed as a so-called summer-cold heath stream ("sommerkalter Heidebach"). 
The Örtze passes the towns and villages of Munster (an important military base in North Germany), Kreutzen, Poitzen, Müden, Hermannsburg (renowned because of the Hermannsburg Mission), Oldendorf, Eversen and Wolthausen. 
The tributaries of the Örtze are the:
Ilster, Kleine Örtze, Wietze, Schmarbeck and Sothrieth (which discharge together as the Landwehrbach into the Örtze), Brunau, Weesener Bach, Brandenbach, Hasselbach, Angelbach and Mühlenbach.
The main headstream of the Örtze is the "Ilster". It name recalls the largest village, which the Munster-North Training Area has to circumvent. Its largest tributary is the "Wietze", which rises between Soltau and Munster and which, together with its tributary the "Aue", is longer than the Örtze by a good 5 kilometres. It joins the Örtze near Müden and gave the heath village its name.
The "Kleine Örtze" rises north of Oerrel and discharges into the Örtze near Kreutzen (parish of Faßberg). Before it was renaturalised its upper course acted as a drainage ditch for the former raised bog, now afforrested, in the narrow valley (nature reserve).
On the headstreams of the "Landwehrbach" lie the Faßberg military airfield (north of "Schmarbeck") and numerous old kieselgur pits (either side of the "Sothrieth").
Fauna and Flora.
Because Örtze has largely been spared from development, a near-natural habitat has been preserved. Its water quality is classed throughout as Class "II: moderately polluted" (saprobic system). Alders, pines and spruce along the river bank provide shade, keeping the water cool even in summer and the oxygen content high. The Örtze is relatively low in nutrients. Its course is meandering and structurally varied ("strukturreich") in places and offers many places for fish to hide and spawn with its steep banks, hollows, gravel and sand banks.
The fish and animal species found in the river include:
freshwater eels ("Anguilla anguilla") and burbots ("Lota lota"), grayling ("Thymallus thymallus"), brown trout ("Salmo trutta forma fario"), bream ("Abramis brama"), minnow ("Phoxinus phoxinus"), perch ("Perca fluviatilis"), 
Salmon fishing in the Örtze had been recorded since 1766, but the last salmon was caught in 1935. Since 1982 attempts have been made to re-introduce salmon by stocking the river. The weir at Wolthausen is, however, an obstacle to fish swimming upstream. From the 16th century until 1960 the Örtze drove the water wheel of a corn mill here, today by contrast it powers a turbine next to the water wheel to generate electricity (generator). A fish pass (a fish ladder (with eight steps and suitable for invertebrates) is being planned.
Boating on the Örtze.
Boating is permitted on the Örtze during the summer months, from 16 May to 14 October, between 9 am and 6 pm, provided it does not harm the natural environment. The only types of craft allowed are rowing boats (e.g. kayaks or canoes). The Örtze may be used downstream of the mill in Müden. There are launching places in Müden, Baven, Hermannsburg, Oldendorf, Eversen, Wolthausen and Winsen
Mentioned in literature.
The regional writer Hermann Löns devoted a chapter to the Örtze with several pages. He wrote "inter alia":
Meadow irrigation.
Until the 1950s the meadows in the floodplain of the Örtze were irrigated, and fertilised by the minerals and organic substances in the river water, using a principle known as "Lüneburger Rückenbau" or "Suderburger Rückenbau". 
To irrigate the Baven meadows ("Rieselwiesen") a canal was laid between 1831 and 1850 and opened in 1854. It began near Müden with a weir at the start of the diversion. Other weirs distributed the water from the canal into the meadows. Today the canal acts as a floodway.
Timber rafting.
History.
Timber rafting on the Örtze probably began in the 17th century. On 28 February 1677 the prince's master rafter ("Floßmeister"), Johann Bastian Erhardt, looked into the possibility of using the river to float timber downstream from forest in the areas of Hassel, Lüß and Kalbsloh. He gave the following report to the senior forester of Wahrenholz:
In the 19th century, timber rafting on the Örtze assumed great importance for the region. The number of rafts increased from around 600 per year in 1868 to 1,946 in 1874, which reflected the economic boom of the so-called "Gründerzeit" years. Demand was generated by the construction of buildings and ships at Bremen, Bremerhaven and in the district of Wesermarsch. Its supply, by contrast, was from private landowners and local communities ("Realgemeinden") to whom large areas of old forest had been transferred following the division of common land in the mid-19th century. From 1877 the number of rafts on the Örtze fell rapidly, especially when its lower reaches silted up and became too shallow. From 1912 timber rafting came to a standstill. Competition came from the Celle-Soltau light railway, Celle-Munster light railway built in 1910 and the metalled roads and new sawmills in the immediate vicinity.
Number of rafts from 1869 to 1910
Technology.
The Örtze was navigable by timber rafts all year round from its confluence with the Wietze near Müden to the Aller thanks to its water-retentive, sandy river bed. A timber raft could travel these 36 river kilometres in a day. In the second half of the 19th century there were also 11 raft-building points from Müden to Oldendorf where the logs hauled to the river by horse and cart were tied together to form a raft. On the Aller the logs were bound together to form even larger rafts and floated down to their offloading point in Bremen. From there the wood was shipped to England, Holland, France or Spain. 
The rafts were 23 metres long and 3 metres wide. One feature were the rounded willow hoops at the front, the so-called hand rails ("Handregels"), which the rafter could grab in an emergency. The rafter carried a pole ("Schufstaken" or "Schufboom") for manoeuvering the raft which he pressed against the left shoulder with a T handle. It was fitted with an iron spike and hook at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="19990342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990342" title="Lakeview Cemetery, Sarnia">
Lakeview Cemetery, Sarnia

Lakeview Cemetery Company is a cemetery located at Colborne Road and Michigan Avenue in Sarnia, Ontario. Opened in 1879 by the Town of Sarnia to replace smaller and church based cemeteries, it is most notable for being the burial place of Canadian Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie. The cemetery is still an active burial site.
Other notables buried here include:
References.
Jennifer McKendry `Into the silent land : historic cemeteries & graveyards in Ontario` Kingston, Ont. : , c2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19990349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990349" title="Jablanica Hydroelectric Power Station">
Jablanica Hydroelectric Power Station

The Jablanica Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 151 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990354" title="Features new to Windows 7">
Features new to Windows 7

Some of the new features included in Windows 7 are advancements in touch, speech, and handwriting recognition, support for virtual hard disks, support for additional file formats, improved performance on multi-core processors, improved boot performance, and kernel improvements.
Shell and user interface.
Windows 7 retains the Windows Aero user interface and visual style first introduced with its predecessor, Windows Vista, but many areas have seen enhancements.
Desktop.
Support for themes has been extended in Windows 7. In addition to setting the colors of the window chrome, desktop background, desktop icons, mouse pointers and sound schemes, themes in Windows 7 include desktop slideshow settings. A new control panel interface, accessible through the "Personalize" context menu item on the desktop, has been introduced which provides the ability to customize and switch between themes, as well as download more themes from Microsoft's web site. Support for "theme packs" is included; theme packs are cabinet files with an extension of codice_1, and consist of a codice_2 as well as any number of image, sound, icon, and mouse cursor files. Windows 7 recognizes this file format and will switch the user's theme to the theme contained inside when opened. A Windows 7 theme can also specify an RSS feed from which new desktop background images can be downloaded.
The default theme is titled "Windows 7", which consists of a single desktop background named "Harmony" and the same sound scheme, desktop icons and mouse pointers as Windows Vista. Six new "Aero Themes" are included: Architecture, Characters, Landscapes, Nature, Scenes, and an additional country-specific theme that is determined based on the defined locale when the operating system is installed. Windows 7 includes themes for the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Japan, South Africa and Australia, and while the theme for the user's home country is the only one displayed in the user interface, the files for all these themes are included in the operating system installation. Each of the themes included with Windows 7 consists of six desktop backgrounds each at 1920x1200 resolution; none of the desktop backgrounds included with Windows Vista are present in Windows 7. The country-specific desktop backgrounds depict both famous places in those countries (such as the Sydney skyline) as well as country scenes. A number of sound schemes are included, each associated with an included theme: Afternoon, Calligraphy, Characters, Cityscape, Delta, Festival, Garden, Heritage, Landscape, Quirky, Raga, Savanna, and Sonata.
Additional theme packs are available as free downloads from Microsoft's web site.
Windows 7 includes a desktop slideshow that changes the desktop background in a designated amount of time with a smooth fading transition. This feature supports pre-downloaded sets of wallpapers and also supports photo RSS feed.
Windows Vista introduced Gadgets and a sidebar which provides the ability to anchor Gadgets to the side of the user's desktop. In Windows 7, the sidebar has been removed, while gadgets can still be placed on the desktop. Gadgets snap to certain positions on the desktop and from each other; dragging with the Shift key held down prevents gadgets from automatically snapping into position. Windows 7 adds a Windows Media Center gadget to the default collection while removing the Contacts and Notes gadgets.
Managing gadgets is more closely integrated with Windows Explorer, but the gadgets themselves continue to operate in a separate codice_3 process. The Desktop context menu includes a new "Gadgets" menu option to access the gadget gallery, and a "View" sub-menu option to show or hide gadgets. Hiding gadgets results in the codice_3 process being unloaded, which Microsoft says is a power-saving practice. Unlike Windows Vista, all gadgets run in a single process, which saves memory, and the process is not run at all if the user has no gadgets on the desktop. Gadgets can be brought to the foreground on top of active applications by pressing Win+G.
OEMs and enterprises are able to customize the logon screen wallpaper of Windows 7 that is displayed before a user logs on.
Windows Explorer.
Libraries.
Windows Explorer in Windows 7 supports file libraries that aggregate content from various locations – including shared folders on networked systems if the shared folder has been indexed by the host system – and present them in a unified view. The libraries hide the actual location the file is stored in. Searching in a library automatically federates the query to the remote systems, in addition to searching on the local system, so that files on the remote systems are also searched. Unlike search folders, Libraries are backed by a physical location which allows files to be saved in the Libraries. Such files are transparently saved in the backing physical folder. The default save location for a library may be configured by the user, as can the default view layout for each library. Libraries are generally stored in the "Libraries" special folder, which allows them to be displayed on the navigation pane.
By default, a new user account in Windows 7 contains four libraries for different file types: Documents, Music, Pictures, and Videos. They are configured to include the user's profile folders for these respective file types, as well as the computer's corresponding Public folders. The Public folder also contains a hidden Recorded TV library that appears in the Windows Explorer sidepane when TV is set up in Media Center for the first time.
In addition to aggregating multiple storage locations, Libraries enable Arrangement Views and Search Filter Suggestions. Arrangement Views allow you to pivot your view of the library's contents based on metadata. For example, selecting the "By Month" view in the Pictures library will display photos in stacks, where each stack represents a month of photos based on the date they were taken. In the Music library, the "By Artist" view will display stacks of albums from the artists in your collection, and browsing into an artist stack will then display the relevant albums.
Search Filter Suggestions are a new feature of the Windows 7 Explorer's search box. When the user clicks in the search box, a menu shows up below it showing recent searches as well as suggested Advanced Query Syntax filters that the user can type. When one is selected (or typed in manually), the menu will update to show the possible values to filter by for that property, and this list is based on the current location and other parts of the query already typed. For example, selecting the "tags" filter or typing "tags:" into the search box will display the list of possible tag values which will return search results.
Arrangement Views and Search Filter Suggestions are database-backed features which require that all locations in the Library be indexed by the Windows Search service. Local disk locations must be indexed by the local indexer, and Windows Explorer will automatically add locations to the indexing scope when they are included in a library. Remote locations can be indexed by the indexer on another Windows 7 machine, on a Windows machine running Windows Search 4 (such as Windows Vista or Windows Home Server), or on another device that implements the MS-WSP remote query protocol.
Federated search.
Windows Explorer also supports federating search to external data sources, such as custom databases or web services, that are exposed over the web and described via an OpenSearch definition. The federated location description (called a "Search Connector") is provided as a codice_5 file. Once installed, the data source becomes queryable directly from Windows Explorer. Windows Explorer features, such as previews and thumbnails, work with the results of a federated search as well.
Miscellaneous shell enhancements.
Windows Explorer has received numerous minor enhancements that improve its overall functionality. The Explorer's search box and the address bar can be resized. Folders such as those on the desktop or user profile folders can be hidden in the navigation pane to reduce clutter. A new "Content" view is added, which shows thumbnails and metadata together. A new button to toggle the Preview Pane has been added to the toolbar. The button to create a new folder has been moved from the "Organize" menu and onto the toolbar. "List" view provides more space between items than in Windows Vista. Finally, storage space consumption bars that were only present for hard disks in Windows Vista are now shown for removable storage devices.
Other areas of the shell have also received similar fine-tunings: Progress bars and overlay icons may now appear on an application's button on the taskbar to better alert the user of the status of the application or the work in progress. File types for which property handlers or iFilters are installed are re-indexed by default. Previously, adding submenus to shell context menus or customizing the context menu's behavior for a certain folder was only possible by installing a form of plug-in known as shell extensions. In Windows 7 however, computer-savvy users can do so by editing Windows Registry and/or "desktop.ini" files. Additionally, a new shell API was introduced designed to simplify the writing of context menu shell extensions by software developers.
Start menu.
The start orb now has a fade-in highlight effect when the user moves the mouse over it. The Start Menu's right column is now the Aero glass color. In Windows Vista, it was always black.
Windows 7's Start menu retains the two-column layout of its predecessors, with several functional changes:
The Start Search field, introduced in Windows Vista, has been extended to support searching for keywords of Control Panel items. For example, clicking the Start button then typing "wireless" will show Control Panel options related to configuring and connecting to wireless network, adding Bluetooth devices, and troubleshooting. Group Policy settings for Windows Explorer provide the ability for administrators of an Active Directory domain, or an expert user to add up to five Internet web sites and five additional "search connectors" to the Search Results view in the Start menu. The links, which appear at the bottom of the pane, allow the search to be executed again on the selected web site or search connector. Microsoft suggests that network administrators could use this feature to enable searching of corporate Intranets or an internal SharePoint server.
Taskbar.
The Windows Taskbar has seen its most significant revision since its introduction in Windows 95 and combines the previous Quick Launch functionality with open application window icons. The taskbar is now rendered as an Aero glass element whose color can be changed via the Personalization Control Panel. It is 10 pixels taller than in Windows Vista to accommodate touch screen input and a new larger default icon size (although a smaller taskbar size is available), as well as maintain proportion to newer high resolution monitor modes. Running applications are denoted by a border frame around the icon. Within this border, a color effect (dependent on the predominant RGB value of the icon) that follows the mouse also indicates the opened status of the application. The glass taskbar is more translucent than in Windows Vista. Taskbar buttons show icons by default, not application titles, unless they are set to 'not combine', or 'combine when taskbar is full.' In this case, only icons are shown when the application is not running. Programs running or pinned on the taskbar can be rearranged. Items in the notification area can also be rearranged.
Keyboard shortcuts.
A variety of new keyboard shortcuts have been introduced.
Global keyboard shortcuts:
Taskbar:
Windows Explorer:
Font management.
The user interface for font management has been overhauled. As with Windows Vista, the collection of installed fonts is shown in a Windows Explorer window, but fonts from the same font family appear as "stacks" instead of as individual icons. A user can then double-click on the font stack and see the individual font. A preview of the font is displayed as part of the icon as well. New options for hiding installed fonts are included; a hidden font remains installed, but is not enumerated when an application asks for a list of available fonts. Windows Vista had received considerable criticism for including the same "Add Font" dialog that had existed as far back as Windows NT 3.1; this dialog has been removed.
The Font dialog box has also been updated to show previews of the font selection in the selection lists.
The fontview.exe default font viewing application has replaced the "Properties" button with a "Install" button.
Devices.
There are two major new user interface components for device management in Windows 7, "Devices and Printers" and "Device Stage". Both of these are integrated with Windows Explorer, and together provide a simplified view of what devices are connected to the computer, and what capabilities they support.
Devices and Printers.
Devices and Printers is a new Control Panel interface that is directly accessible from the Start menu. Unlike the Device Manager Control Panel applet, which is still present, the icons shown on the Devices and Printers screen are limited to components of the system that a non-expert user will recognize as plug-in devices. For example, an external monitor connected to the system will be displayed as a device, but the internal monitor on a laptop will not. Device-specific features are available through the context menu for each device; an external monitor's context menu, for example, provides a link to the "Display Settings" control panel.
This new Control Panel applet also replaces the "Printers" window in prior versions of Windows; common printer operations such as setting the default printer, installing or removing printers, and configuring properties such as paper size are done through this control panel.
Windows 7 and Server 2008 R2 introduce print driver isolation, which improves the reliability of the print spooler by running printer drivers in a separate process to the spooler service. If a third party print driver fails while isolated, it does not impact other drivers or the print spooler service.
Device Stage.
Device Stage provides a centralized location for an externally-connected multi-function device to present its functionality to the user. When a device such as a portable music player is connected to the system, the device appears as an icon on the task bar, as well as in Windows Explorer.
Windows 7 ships with high-resolution images of a number of popular devices, and is capable of connecting to the Internet to download images of devices it doesn't recognize. Opening the icon presents a window that displays actions relevant to that device. Screenshots of the technology presented by Microsoft suggest that a mobile phone could offer options for two-way synchronization, configuring ring-tones, copying pictures and videos, managing the device in Windows Media Player, and using Windows Explorer to navigate through the device. Other device status information such as free memory and battery life can also be shown. The actual per-device functionality is defined via XML files that are downloaded when the device is first connected to the computer, or are provided by the manufacturer on an installation disc.
Multi-touch.
Hilton Locke, who worked on the Tablet PC team at Microsoft, reported on December 11, 2007 that Windows 7 will have new touch features on devices supporting multi-touch. An overview and demonstration of the multi-touch capabilities, including a virtual piano program, a mapping and directions program and a touch-aware version of Paint, was given at the All Things Digital Conference on May 27, 2008. A video of the multi-touch capabilities was made available on the web later the same day.
Graphics.
DirectX.
Direct3D 11, Direct2D, DirectWrite, DXGI 1.1, WARP and several other components are currently available for Windows Vista SP2 and Windows Server 2008 SP2 by installing the Platform Update for Windows Vista.
Desktop Window Manager.
First introduced in Windows Vista, the Desktop Window Manager (DWM) in Windows 7 has been updated to use version 10.1 of Direct3D API, and its performance has been improved significantly.
The Desktop Window Manager still requires at least a Direct3D 9-capable video card (supported with new device type introduced with the Direct3D 11 runtime).
With a video driver conforming to Windows Display Driver Model v1.1, DXGI kernel in Windows 7 provides 2D hardware acceleration to APIs such as GDI, Direct2D and DirectWrite (though GDI+ was not updated to use this functionality). This allows DWM to use significantly lower amounts of system memory, which do not grow regardless of how many windows are opened, like it was in Windows Vista. Systems equipped with a WDDM 1.0 video card will operate in the same fashion as in Windows Vista, using software-only rendering.
The Desktop Window Manager in Windows 7 also adds support for systems using multiple heterogeneous graphics cards from different vendors.
Other changes.
Support for color depths of 30 and 48 bits is included, along with the wide color gamut scRGB (which for HDMI 1.3 can be converted and output as xvYCC). The video modes supported in Windows 7 are 16-bit sRGB, 24-bit sRGB, 30-bit sRGB, 30-bit with extended color gamut sRGB, and 48-bit scRGB.
Each user of Windows 7 and Server 2008 R2 has individual DPI settings, rather than the machine having a single setting as in previous versions of Windows. DPI settings can be changed by logging on and off, without needing to restart.
File system.
Solid state drives.
Over time, several technologies have been incorporated into subsequent versions of Windows to improve the performance of the operating system on traditional hard disk drives (HDD) with rotating platters. Since Solid state drives (SSD) differ from mechanical HDDs in some key areas (no moving parts, write amplification, limited number of erase cycles allowed for reliable operation), it is beneficial to disable certain optimizations and add others, specifically for SSDs.
Windows 7 incorporates many engineering changes to reduce the frequency of writes and flushes, which benefit SSDs in particular since each write operation wears the flash memory.
Windows 7 also makes use of the TRIM command. If supported by the SSD (not implemented on early devices), this optimizes when erase cycles are performed, reducing the need to erase blocks before each write and increasing write performance.
Several tools and techniques that were implemented in the past to reduce the impact of the rotational latency of traditional HDDs, most notably disk defragmentation, Superfetch, ReadyBoost, and application launch prefetching, involve reorganizing (rewriting) the data on the platters. Since SSDs have no moving platters, this reorganization has no advantages, and may instead shorten the life of the solid state memory. Therefore these tools are by default disabled on SSDs in Windows 7, except for some early generation SSDs that might still benefit.
Finally, partitions made with Windows 7’s partition-creating tools are created with the SSD’s alignment needs in mind, avoiding unwanted systematic write amplification.
Virtual hard disks.
The Enterprise, Ultimate, and Professional editions of Windows 7 incorporate support for the Virtual Hard Disk (VHD) file format. VHD files can be mounted as drives, created, and booted from, in the same way as WIM files. Furthermore, an installed version of Windows 7 can be booted and run from a VHD drive, even on non-virtual hardware, thereby providing a new way to multi boot Windows. Some features such as hibernation and BitLocker are not available when booting from VHD.
Disk partitioning.
By default, a computer's disk is partitioned into two partitions: one of limited size for booting, BitLocker and running the Windows Recovery Environment and the second with the operating system and user files.
Removable media.
Windows 7 has also seen improvements to the Safely Remove Hardware menu, including the ability to eject just one camera card at the same time (from a single hub) and retain the ports for future use without reboot; and the labels of removable media are now also listed, rather than just the drive letter as for Windows versions from Me and 2000 to Vista. Windows Explorer now by default only shows memory card reader ports in My Computer if they contain a card.
BitLocker to Go.
BitLocker brings encryption support to removable disks such as USB drives. Such devices can be protected by a passphrase, a recovery key, or be automatically unlocked on a computer.
Boot performance.
According to data gathered from the Microsoft Customer Experience Improvement Program, 35% of Vista SP1 installations boot up in 30 seconds or less. The more lengthy boot times on the remainder of the machines are mainly due to some services or programs that are loaded but are not required when the system is first started. Microsoft's Mike Fortin, a Distinguished Engineer on the Windows team, noted in August 2008 that Microsoft has set aside a team to work solely on the issue, and that team aims to "significantly increase the number of systems that experience very good boot times." They "focused very hard on increasing parallelism of driver initialization." Also, it aims to "dramatically reduce" the number of system services, along with their processor, storage, and memory demands.
Multimedia.
Windows Media Center.
Windows Media Center in Windows 7 has retained much of the design and feel of its predecessor, but with a variety of user interface shortcuts and browsing capabilities. Playback of H.264 video both locally and through a Media Center Extender (including the Xbox 360) is supported.
Some notable enhancements in Windows 7 Media Center include a new mini guide, a new scrub bar, the option to color code the guide by show type, and internet content that is more tightly integrated with regular TV via the guide. All Windows 7 versions now support up to four tuners of each type (QAM, ATSC, CableCARD, NTSC, etc.).
When browsing the media library, items that don't have album art are shown in a range of foreground and background color combinations instead of using white text on a blue background. When the left or right remote control buttons are held down to browse the library quickly, a two-letter prefix of the current album name is prominently shown as a visual aid. The Picture Library includes new slideshow capabilities, and individual pictures can be rated.
Also, while browsing a media library, a new column appears at the top named "Shared." This allows users to access shared media libraries on other Media Center PCs from directly within Media Center.
For television support, the Windows Media Center "TV Pack" released by Microsoft in 2008 is incorporated into Windows Media Center. This includes support for CableCARD and North American (ATSC) clear QAM tuners, as well as creating lists of favorite stations.
A Windows Media Center gadget is included as well.
Format support.
Windows 7 includes AVI, WAV, AAC/ADTS file media sinks to read the respective formats, an MPEG-4 file source to read MP4, M4A, M4V, MP4V MOV and 3GP container formats and an MPEG-4 file sink to output to MP4 format. Windows 7 also includes a media source to read MPEG transport stream/BDAV MPEG-2 transport stream (M2TS, MTS, M2T and AVCHD) files.
Transcoding (encoding) support is not exposed through any built-in Windows application but codecs are included as Media Foundation Transforms (MFTs). In addition to Windows Media Audio and Windows Media Video encoders and decoders, and ASF file sink and file source introduced in Windows Vista, Windows 7 includes an H.264 encoder with Baseline profile level 3 and Main profile support and an AAC Low Complexity (AAC-LC) profile encoder.
For playback of various media formats, Windows 7 also introduces an H.264 decoder with Baseline, Main, and High profile support, up to level 5.1, AAC-LC and HE-AAC v1 (SBR) multichannel, HE-AAC v2 (PS) stereo decoders, MPEG-4 Part 2 Simple Profile and Advanced Simple Profile decoders which includes decoding popular codec implementations such as DivX, Xvid and Nero Digital as well as MJPEG and DV MFT decoders for AVI. Windows Media Player 12 uses the built-in Media Foundation codecs to play these formats by default.
Windows 7 also updates the DirectShow filters introduced in Windows Vista for playback of MPEG-2 and Dolby Digital to decode H.264, AAC, HE-AAC v1 and v2 and Dolby Digital Plus (including downmixing to Dolby Digital).
Security.
The Windows Security Center, which encompasses both security and maintenance of the computer, has been renamed "Windows Action Center" (Windows Health Center and Windows Solution Center in earlier builds).
A new user interface for User Account Control has been introduced, which provides the ability to select four different levels of notifications, one of these notification settings, "Default", is new to Windows 7. Geo-tracking capabilities are also available in Windows 7. The feature will be disabled by default. When enabled the user will only have limited control as to which applications can track their location.
The Encrypting File System supports Elliptic-curve cryptographic algorithms (ECC) in Windows 7. For backward compatibility with previous releases of Windows, Windows 7 supports a mixed-mode operation of ECC and RSA algorithms. EFS self-signed certificates, when using ECC, will use 256-bit key by default. EFS can be configured to use 1K/2k/4k/8k/16k-bit keys when using self-signed RSA certificates, or 256/384/512-bit keys when using ECC certificates.
In Windows Vista, the Protected User-Mode Audio (PUMA) content protection facilities are only available to applications that are running in a Protected Media Path environment. Because only the Media Foundation application programming interface could interact with this environment, a media player application had to be designed to use Media Foundation. In Windows 7, this restriction is lifted. PUMA also incorporates stricter enforcement of "Copy Never" bits when using Serial Copy Management System (SCMS) copy protection over an S/PDIF connection, as well as with High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) over HDMI connections.
Biometrics.
Windows 7 includes the new Windows Biometric Framework. This framework consists of a set of components that standardizes the use of fingerprint biometric devices. In prior releases of Microsoft Windows, biometric hardware device manufacturers were required to provide a complete stack of software to support their device, including device drivers, software development kits, and support applications. Microsoft noted in a white paper on the Windows Biometric Framework that the proliferation of these proprietary stacks resulted in compatibility issues, compromised the quality and reliability of the system, and made servicing and maintenance more difficult. By incorporating the core biometric functionality into the operating system, Microsoft aims to bring biometric device support on par with other classes of devices.
A new Control Panel called "Biometric Device Control Panel" is included which provides an interface for deleting stored biometrics information, troubleshooting, and enabling or disabling the types of logins that are allowed using biometrics. Biometrics configuration can also be configured using Group Policy settings.
Networking.
HomeGroup.
Alongside the workgroup system used by previous versions, Windows 7 adds a new ad hoc home networking system known as HomeGroup. The system uses a password to join computers into the group, and allows users' libraries, along with individual files and folders, to be shared between multiple computers. Only computers running Windows 7 or higher can access or join a HomeGroup.
HomeGroup as a concept is very similar to a feature slated for Windows Vista, known as "Castle", which would have made it possible to have an identification service for all members on the network, without a centralized server.
HomeGroup is created in response to the need for a simple sharing model for inexperienced users who need to share files without wrestling with user accounts, Security descriptors and share permissions. To that end, Microsoft previously created Simple File Sharing mode in Windows XP that once enabled, caused all connected computers to be authenticated as Guest. Under this model, either a certain file or folder was shared with anyone who connects to the network (even unauthorized parties who are in range of the wireless network) or was not shared at all. In a HomeGroup, however:
Windows Firewall.
Windows 7 adds support for multiple firewall profiles. The Windows Firewall in Windows Vista dynamically changes which network traffic is allowed or blocked based on the location of the computer (based on which network it is connected to). This approach falls short if the computer is connected to more than one network at the same time (as for a computer with both an Ethernet and a wireless interface). In this case, Vista applies the profile that is more secure to all network connections. This is often not desirable; Windows 7 resolves this by being able to apply a separate firewall profile to each network connection.
DNSSEC.
Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 introduce support for Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC), a set of specifications for securing certain kinds of information provided by the Domain Name System (DNS) as used on Internet Protocol (IP) networks. DNSSEC employs digital signatures to ensure the authenticity of DNS data received from a DNS server, which protect against DNS cache poisoning attacks.
Management features.
Windows 7 contains Windows PowerShell 2.0 out-of-the-box, which is also available as a download to install on older platforms:
Other new management features include:
Upgraded components.
Windows 7 includes Internet Explorer 8, .NET Framework 3.5 SP1, Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.5, Windows Installer 5.0 and a standalone XPS Viewer. Paint, Calculator, Resource Monitor and WordPad have also been updated.
Paint features a Ribbon interface similar to the one introduced in Office 2007, and also sports several new features.
Calculator has been rewritten, with multiline capabilities including "Programmer" and "Statistics" modes, unit conversion, and date calculations. Calculator was also given a graphical facelift, the first since Windows 95 in 1995 and Windows NT 4.0 in 1996.
WordPad also features the new Ribbon user interface. WordPad supports Office Open XML and ODF file formats.
Resource Monitor includes an improved RAM usage display and supports display of TCP/IP ports being listened to, filtering processes using networking, filtering processes with disk activity and listing and searching process handles (e.g. files used by a process) and loaded modules (files required by an executable file, e.g. DLL files).
Windows Installer 5.0 supports installing and configuring Windows Services, and provides developers with more control over setting permissions during software installation. Neither of these features will be available for prior versions of Windows; custom actions to support these features will continue to be required for Windows Installer packages that need to implement these features.

</doc>
<doc id="19990374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990374" title="Jajce Hydro Power Plant">
Jajce Hydro Power Plant

The Jajce Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 79 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990383" title="Niamh Redmond">
Niamh Redmond

Niamh Marie Redmond is an Irish former model who found fame by winning Miss Ireland in 1996.
Born to parents Ronald and Orla, Redmond grew up the only female child with three brothers in Drimnagh. At the age of nineteen she represented Dublin at Miss Ireland and was crowned the winner.
Although her win qualified her to represent the country at Miss Universe 1997, Redmond - who had deferred a place at Maynooth College to prepare for the pageant - was controversially replaced by Miss Ireland second runner-up Fiona Mullaly. When queried, pageant boss Kieran Murray stated that Mullaly was best suited to represent Ireland, and his decision to remove Redmond was a bid to raise the standard and profile of Miss Ireland. Redmond had previously been a contestant at Miss World 1996 where she was a favourite, but did not place, and former Miss Ireland boss Krish Naidoo, who defended Murray, claimed that Redmond had failed to impress the judges because she had given up completely.
As a model, Redmond was lined to promote a range of summer clothing for Lee Jeans alongside "Fair City" actor Peter Warnock, but came under fire when she appeared in a contraceptives commercial shortly after being crowned. 
Redmond graduated with a degree in Finance, and worked in IT after her reign.

</doc>
<doc id="19990386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990386" title="Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy">
Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy

Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy Is a non-profit conservation organization working to preserve water and land resources in Western North Carolina. CMLC is an example of a land trust, or an organization that engages in conservation efforts through acquisition of deeded land and conservation and farm easements.
History.
The Conservancy began with a 1991 survey proposed by Lela McBride and the Hendersonville League of Women Voters to determine the natural areas of Henderson County worth protecting. The survey determined that the mountain bogs, dense forests, and scenic mountain peaks surrounding Hendersonville were valuable resources worthy of conservation efforts. In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was formed and a year later it was renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, and Jackson Counties. The organization immediately began working with local landowners to protect farm, forest, park, and natural lands with the support of local community members. Since its creation, Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy has grown to be one of the premier land conservancies in the South East, protecting some of land, and is a fully accredited land trust under the Land Trust Accreditation Commission.
Approach.
The Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy works with various sectors of society including businesses, individuals, communities, partner organizations, and government agencies to achieve its goals. CMLC uses a mix of financial incentives along with the good will of conservation minded land owners to preserve land from development.
Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy has pioneered the use of conservation easements in Henderson and Transylvania Counties. A conservation easement is a way for land owners to ensure that their land remains in its natural state while capitalizing on some of the land's potential development value. CMLC also works with the North Carolina Division of State Parks and other government partners to acquire land for sites such as Chimney Rock State Park.
Significant Conservation.
Chimney Rock State Park.
The World's Edge Property was a 2005, $16 million joint effort between the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy, along with The Nature Conservancy to save some of a non-contiguous property spanning across Henderson, Polk, and Rutherford counties. The Worlds Edge Property, formerly owned by The Robert Haywood Morrison Foundation, contains over of streams and waterfalls, in addition to numerous endangered salamander, bird, and bat species. In December 2009, CMLC acquired the Weed Patch Mountain tract north of Lake Lure, which adds to the corridor of conserved land including the State Park.
Green River Preserve.
The Green River Preserve encompasses some of the upper Green River Watershed, the largest conservation project in terms of acreage by CMLC. The Green River area is listed under the North Carolina Natural Heritage identified natural area, significant for a diversity of habitat types including granite dome outcrops, steep cliffs, rich cove forests, Carolina hemlock bluffs, and pine-oak forests. The conservation of this area was made possible by donations from the Schenck and Ball families, with help from the Clean Water Management Trust Fund.
Florence Nature Preserve.
The Florence Nature Preserve is a 600 acre (2.4 km2) tract located in the upper Hickory Nut Gorge area near Gerton North Carolina. Donated by Dr. Tom and Glenna Florence in two phases (1996 and 2001) the preserve is open to the general public for hiking. Trails on this preserve are maintained by the Carolina Mountain Club.
Lewis Creek Nature Preserve.
Lewis Creek Nature Preserve is located in Edneyville, North Carolina. The preserve is home to a mixed Southern Appalachian Mountain Bog. This ecosystem is listed as critically endangered with only of this variety of bogs and fens still in existence, an 83 percent loss from the estimated that once existed.
CMLC purchased the property that forms Lewis Creek Nature Park in 2004 to be maintained for the use of homeowners in the adjacent neighborhood. The North Carolina Ecosystem Enhancement Program has been contracted to conduct stream restoration on the portion of Lewis Creek running through the nature park. The finish date of this project has been delayed from the original estimation of August 2008. Due to the fragile and unique nature of the park, it is not open to the general public, but Carolina Mountain Land conservancy does hold tree planting and exotic invasive species removal work days which are.
Headwaters Conservation Project.
In June 2010, CMLC, in partnership with The Conservation Fund, announced that in the upper French Broad River watershed in Transylvania County, North Carolina was under contract for purchase with Champion Cattle and Tree Farms, a company owned by the family of former western North Carolina Congressman Charles Taylor. The tract lies on the South Carolina state line across from the City of Greenville's Table Rock Watershed property. It includes an eight-mile (13 km) section of the Foothills Trail and is home to over of headwaters trout streams.
Volunteerism.
Like many non-profits, Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy relies on the contribution of volunteers who constitute CMLC's board of directors, and participate in the day to day operations of the organization. In 2007 volunteers contributed over 3600 hours to the conservancy, saving the organization an estimated $70,236.00 (U.S) worth of staff time. Volunteer positions include office administrators, wildlife monitors, committee members, and tech support consultants.

</doc>
<doc id="19990387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990387" title="1999–2000 Ukrainian Second League">
1999–2000 Ukrainian Second League

The 1999–2000 Ukrainian Second League is the ninth season of 3rd level professional football in Ukraine. The competitions are divided into three groups – A, B, and C.
Group A.
Team Changes.
"Bukovyna Chernivtsi", "Podillya Khmelnytskyi" participated previously in the First League. 
"Dynamo Lviv", "Nyva Vinnytsia" (the farm team of FC Vinnytsia), "Prykarpattia-2 Ivano-Frankivsk" obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
Group B.
Team Changes.
"Obolon-Zmina-2 Kiev" (later as Obolon-PPO-2 Kiev) obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
Standings.
During the winter break Krystal Kherson changed its name to Kherson, while Torpedo Melitopol became OLKOM Melitopol.
Group C.
Team Changes.
"Desna Chernihiv", "Kremin Kremenchuk" participated previously in the First League. 
"ADOMS Kremenchuk", "Mashynobudivnyk Druzhkivka", "Arsenal Kharkiv" obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
Standings.
"Myrhorod" and "Shakhtar Horlivka" finished to participate after the first half.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="19990391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990391" title="Wonderland (novel)">
Wonderland (novel)

Wonderland is a 1971 novel by Joyce Carol Oates, the fourth in the so-called Wonderland Quartet. It was a finalist for the annual U.S. National Book Award for Fiction and it has been called one of the prolific author's best books.
"Wonderland" follows the character Jesse Vogel from his childhood in the Great Depression to his marriage and career in the late 1960s. Oates later wrote that Jesse is a protagonist who does not have an identity unless he is "deeply involved in meaningful experience", a theme that allowed her to address both what she calls "the phantasmagoria of personality" and the faceless nature of the novelist. 
Oates wrote in a 1992 Afterword that "Wonderland" among her early novels was "the most bizarre and obsessive" and "the most painful to write". Oates continued to think about the novel after its completion, and rewrote the ending for the 1972 paperback edition. She also continued to write about the Vogels: the play "Ontological Proof of My Existence" is an expansion of Jesse's visit to Toronto in the novel, and she considers the story 'How I Contemplated the World from the Detroit House of Correction, and Began My Life Over Again' "an analogue of Shelley 's experience as a runaway to Toledo."

</doc>
<doc id="19990400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990400" title="Ron Nischwitz">
Ron Nischwitz

Ronald Lee Nischwitz (born July 1, 1937 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played from 1961 to 1963, and again in 1965, for the Detroit Tigers and Cleveland Indians. A switch-hitter, he threw left-handed, was 6'3" tall and weighed 205 lb.
Before playing professional baseball, he attended Fairview High School and then Ohio State University. Signed by the Tigers as an amateur free agent in 1958, Nischwitz made his big league debut on September 4, 1961 against the Baltimore Orioles. He pitched two perfect innings, striking out three batters. He played in a total of six games in his rookie year, going 0-1 with a 5.56 ERA.
In 1962, Nischwitz was the Tigers' most used reliever, appearing in 48 games. He went 4-5 with a 3.90 ERA. In 64 innings, he struck out only 28 batters but proved to be a solid hitter, collecting five hits - including a triple - in 12 at-bats, for a .417 batting average. After the season he was traded by the Tigers with Gordon Seyfried to the Indians for Bubba Phillips.
Nischwitz played in only 14 big league games in 1963, going 0-2 with a 6.48 ERA. He did not play in the majors in 1964.
1965 was Nischwitz's final big league season. Before the season began, he was purchased by the Tigers from the Indians. He appeared in 20 games for the Tigers, going 1-0 with a 2.78 ERA - one of the best ERAs on the team. He played his final game on September 19.
Overall, Nischwitz 5-8 with a 4.21 ERA in 88 games. In 115 innings, he walked 48 batters and struck out 68. He hit .278 in 18 career at-bats.
Following his playing career, he served as the head coach of Dayton's Wright State University baseball team from 1975 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19990401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990401" title="Rama Hydroelectric Power Station">
Rama Hydroelectric Power Station

The Rama Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 161 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990425" title="Sleep Station">
Sleep Station

Sleep Station is an American indie rock band on Eyeball Records from Bergen County, New Jersey that revolves around frontman David Debiak. While some Sleep Station albums have been recorded with a full band (After the War, The Pride of Chester James), others have essentially been David Debiak solo albums (Von Cosel, The Blood of Our Our Fathers), featuring very little, if any, instrumentation other than David Debiak's own guitar playing. Sleep Station is known for its concept albums; to date, all Sleep Station releases have been concept albums, and have been called "rock operas" by some critics. David Debiak himself, however, has stated that he is not trying to tell a story in his songs, stating in a MySpace bulletin "Every record I have done as Sleep Station has been thematic in its nature, not trying to tell a story but just create a mood." Unconventional love affairs and war are common lyrical themes in Sleep Station's music.
Anhedonia.
Sleep Station began in 2001, with David Debiak having the intention of producing a movie. Unable to obtain funds to do so, he opted to write a soundtrack to the nonexistent movie instead. The result was the concept album Anhedonia, released on Spot The Genius Productions in 2001, which chronicles the life, death and subsequent trip to hell, of a serial killer and rapist.
Runaway Elba-1.
Following Anhedonia, Sleep Station signed to New Jersey-based Eyeball Records. In 2002, Sleep Station released its first album on Eyeball Records, Runaway Elba-1. The album tells the story of a cybernetics engineer who builds a female robot, Elba-1. Elba-1 and the engineer fall wildly in love, but must flee when the engineer's employers are determined to steal Elba-1.
Von Cosel.
The following year, Sleep Station released the Von Cosel EP as a free download on the band's website. Although previous Sleep Station albums had featured several David Debiak acoustic solo songs, Von Cosel was the first release to completely abandon the "band" format and exclusively consist of David Debiak playing solo. Von Cosel tells the story of Dr. Carl Von Cosel, a doctor who fell in love with a dying tuberculosis patient, and proceeded to live with her body after her death.
Hang In There Charlie.
For their next album, Hang In There Charlie, Sleep Station once again adopted a "band" format. Hang In There Charlie tells the story of two astronauts who arrive at a space station to discover it has been hugely neglected. When the astronauts protest, they are punished by NASA by being abandoned and left in the space station to die.
After The War.
In 2004, Sleep Station released its arguably most successful album to date, After The War. Recorded using mostly instruments and equipment from the 1940s, After The War tells the story of a soldier fighting in World War II, while occasionally interspersing stories from other characters. The album features interludes of 1940s audio recordings of soldiers reciting poetry for their wives and girlfriends.
Hiatus and return.
Following After the War, Sleep Station went on hiatus, with David Debiak starting a side project, New London Fire, with his brother Jason.
In 2008, Sleep Station returned from hiatus with the album The Pride of Chester James, an album about a fictional circus drifter who shows up in a small town.
Later in the year, Sleep Station released The Blood Of Our Fathers as a free download on the Air and Sea Battle website, an album whose lyrics loosely revolve around two brothers fighting in an unnamed war.

</doc>
<doc id="19990426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990426" title="Sou Nishimura">
Sou Nishimura

, born April 28, 1936, is a Japanese manga artist from Izumiōtsu, Osaka. Nishimura's best-known work is the 4-koma comedy , which earned Nishimura the 1985 Bungeishunjū Manga Award and the Japanese Cartoonists' Association's Excellence Prize for 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19990430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990430" title="Salakovac Hydroelectric Power Station">
Salakovac Hydroelectric Power Station

The Salakovac Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plants having an installed electric capacity of 210 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990437" title="Vaudreuil-Soulanges">
Vaudreuil-Soulanges

Vaudreuil-Soulanges may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19990441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990441" title="I Won't Be Denied">
I Won't Be Denied

"I Won't Be Denied" is the debut album by rapper, Fiend. It was released on November 14, 1995 for Big Boy Records and was produced by Leroy "Precise" Edwards with David "D-Funk" Faulk on guitar, bass, keyboards/synths, etc. The album did not make it to any charts, but Fiend would find greater success two years later when he signed with No Limit Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19990459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990459" title="Trebinje Hydroelectric Power Station">
Trebinje Hydroelectric Power Station

The Trebinje Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 176 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990477" title="List of Trinidadian Britons">
List of Trinidadian Britons

This is a list of notable Trinidadian British people.

</doc>
<doc id="19990501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990501" title="Visegrad Hydroelectric Power Station">
Visegrad Hydroelectric Power Station

The Visegrad Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 315 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990503" title="James Haworth">
James Haworth

James Haworth (1896 – 16 December 1976) was a British Labour politician.
He was a railwayman and active in the Railway Clerks Association. Refused recognition as a conscientious objector in the First World War, he was in Preston Prison (along with Sydney Silverman), and then went to Princetown Work Centre in the erstwhile Dartmoor Prison.
In the 1945 general election he was elected Member of Parliament for Liverpool Walton, but was defeated at the 1950 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19990505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990505" title="Corycium">
Corycium

Corycium is a genus of terrestrial orchid comprising some 14 species in Eastern and Southern Africa including 10 species endemic to the fynbos. In South Africa they are called Monkshood Orchids.
Their resting stage is a tuber and when growing they have many leaves scattered along the stem but concentrated near the base. The dense spikes of flowers are not particularly striking and are often brown, green or purple. The uppermost 3 tepals are connivent into a hood whilst the lateral sepals are almost united. The lip is joined to the column bearing an appendage that covers the anthers 

</doc>
<doc id="19990527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990527" title="Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant">
Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant

The Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 450 MW.
However, the project has been under harsh scrutiny of local and national communities and various NGO's from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and abroad, due which is postponed and possibly will be eventually canceled. 
This project was a matter of inter-state agreement between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro, but it would certainly destroy the magnificent canyon of the Tara river, which is why this project encountered major opposition in both countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19990533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990533" title="Andreea Cacovean">
Andreea Cacovean

Andreea Cacovean (born September 15, 1978 in Turda, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast who competed between 1991 and 1996. She is a world gold medalist with the team and a world bronze medalist on uneven bars.
1992 Jr. European Team Championships-1st Team 
1993 Tournament of Champions-1st A-A 
1993 World Championships-3rd UB 
1993 Jr. European Championships-3rd Team, 2nd A-A, 3rd V, 2nd BB, 1st UB, 3rd FX 
1994 ROM vs USA-1st Team, 14th A-A 
1995 France Telecom-2nd A-A 
1995 World Championships-1st Team 
1995 Trinacria Cup-2nd A-A, 1st UB, 1st BB 
1995 Romanian Nationals-1st Team, 3rd A-A, 3rd BB, 1st UB

</doc>
<doc id="19990537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990537" title="Making Plans">
Making Plans

Making Plans is the eighth studio album by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. This album was released exclusively through Wal Mart so it was unable to chart and no singles were released. This was his only release under the Vanguard label.

</doc>
<doc id="19990546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990546" title="Andrew Wakefield">
Andrew Wakefield

Andrew Jeremy Wakefield (born 1957) is a British former surgeon and medical researcher, known for his fraudulent 1998 research paper in support of the now-discredited claim that there is a link between the administration of the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine, and the appearance of autism and bowel disease.
Four years after the publication of the paper, other researchers' results had still failed to reproduce Wakefield's findings or confirm his hypothesis of a relation between childhood gastrointestinal disorders and autism. A 2004 investigation by "Sunday Times" reporter Brian Deer identified undisclosed financial conflicts of interest on Wakefield's part, and most of his co-authors then withdrew their support for the study's interpretations. The British General Medical Council (GMC) conducted an inquiry into allegations of misconduct against Wakefield and two former colleagues. The investigation centred on Deer's numerous findings, including one that autistic children were subjected to unnecessary invasive medical procedures, such as colonoscopy and lumbar puncture, and that Wakefield acted without the required ethical approval from an institutional review board.
On 28 January 2010, a five-member statutory tribunal of the GMC found three dozen charges proved, including four counts of dishonesty and 12 counts involving the abuse of developmentally challenged children. The panel ruled that Wakefield had "failed in his duties as a responsible consultant", acted both against the interests of his patients, and "dishonestly and irresponsibly" in his published research. "The Lancet" immediately and fully retracted his 1998 publication on the basis of the GMC’s findings, noting that elements of the manuscript had been falsified. Wakefield was struck off the Medical Register in May 2010, with a statement identifying dishonest falsification in "The Lancet" research, and is barred from practising medicine in the UK.
In January 2011, an editorial accompanying an article by Brian Deer in "BMJ" identified Wakefield's work as an "elaborate fraud". In a follow-up article, Deer said that Wakefield had planned to launch a venture on the back of an MMR vaccination scare that would profit from new medical tests and "litigation driven testing". In November 2011, yet another report in BMJ revealed original raw data indicating that, contrary to Wakefield's claims in "The Lancet", children in his research did not have inflammatory bowel disease.
Wakefield's study and his claim that the MMR vaccine might cause autism led to a decline in vaccination rates in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland and a corresponding rise in measles and mumps, resulting in serious illness and fatalities, and his continued warnings against the vaccine have contributed to a climate of distrust of all vaccines and the reemergence of other previously controlled diseases. Wakefield has continued to defend his research and conclusions, saying there was no fraud, hoax or profit motive.
Personal life and career.
Wakefield was born in 1957;
his father was a neurologist and his mother was a general practitioner. After leaving the independent King Edward's School, Bath, Wakefield studied medicine at St Mary's Hospital Medical School (now Imperial College School of Medicine), fully qualifying in 1981. He became a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1985. At the University of Toronto from 1986 to 1989, he was part of a team that studied tissue rejection problems with small intestine transplantation, using animal models. He continued his studies of small intestine transplantation under a Wellcome Trust travelling fellowship at University of Toronto in Canada.
Back in the UK, he worked on the liver transplant programme at the Royal Free Hospital in London. In 1993, Wakefield attracted professional attention when he published reports which concluded that measles virus might cause Crohn's disease; and two years later he published a paper in the Lancet proposing a link between the measles vaccine and Crohn's disease. Subsequent research failed to confirm this hypothesis, with a group of experts in Britain reviewing a number of peer-reviewed studies in 1998 and concluding that the measles virus did not cause Crohn's disease, and that the MMR vaccine did not either. Later in 1995, while conducting research into Crohn's disease, he was approached by Rosemary Kessick, the parent of an autistic child, who was seeking help with her son's bowel problems and autism; Kessick ran a group called Allergy Induced Autism. In 1996, Wakefield turned his attention to researching possible connections between the MMR vaccine and autism. At the time of his MMR research study, Wakefield was senior lecturer and honorary consultant in experimental gastroenterology at the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine (from 2008 UCL Medical School). He resigned in 2001, by "mutual agreement and was made a fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists", and moved to the US in 2001 or 2004, both dates according to "The Times". One report noted he was asked to leave Royal Free Hospital in 2001 after he did not fulfil a request to duplicate the findings in his controversial "The Lancet" paper.
Wakefield subsequently helped establish and served as the executive director of Thoughtful House Center for Children, which studies autism in Austin, Texas, where, according to "The Times", he "continued to promote the theory of a link between the MMR vaccine and autism, despite admitting it was 'not proved'." He resigned from Thoughtful House in February 2010, after the British General Medical Council found that he had been "dishonest and irresponsible" in conducting his earlier autism research in England. "The Times" reported in May 2010 that he was a medical advisor for Visceral, a UK charity that "researches bowel disease and developmental disorders".
Wakefield is barred from practising as a physician in the UK, and is not licensed in the US. He lives in the US where he has a following including celebrity Jenny McCarthy who wrote the foreword for Wakefield's autobiography, "Callous Disregard", and believes her son's autism is due to vaccines. According to Deer, as of 2011, he lives near Austin with his wife, Carmel, and four children.
Wakefield has set up the nonprofit Strategic Autism Initiative to commission studies into the condition, and is currently listed as a director of a company called Medical Interventions for Autism and another called the Autism Media Channel.
In 2011, Wakefield was at the top of the list of the worst doctors of 2011 in "Medscape's" list of "Physicians of the Year: Best and Worst". In January 2012, "Time" Magazine named Wakefield in a list of "Great Science Frauds".
MMR controversy.
On 28 February 1998, a paper written by Wakefield and twelve other authors about twelve autistic children was published in "The Lancet". In it, the authors claimed to have identified a new syndrome which they called autistic enterocolitis, raising the possibility of a link between a novel form of bowel disease, autism, and the MMR vaccine. The authors noted that the parents of eight of the twelve children linked what were described as "behavioural symptoms" with MMR, and reported that the onset of these symptoms began within two weeks of MMR vaccination. In the published "The Lancet" summary, known as the "interpretation", the authors wrote:
These possible triggers were reported to be MMR in eight cases, and measles infection in one. The paper was instantly controversial, leading to widespread publicity in the UK and the convening of a special panel of the UK's Medical Research Council the following month. One study done based in Japan found that there was no causal relationship between the MMR vaccine and autism in groups of children given the triple MMR vaccine and children who received individual measles, mumps and rubella vaccinations. The MMR was replaced with individual vaccinations in 1993.
Although the paper said that no causal connection had been proven, and before it was published, Wakefield made statements at a press conference and in a video news release issued by the hospital, calling for suspension of the triple MMR vaccine until more research could be done. This was later criticized as 'science by press conference'. According to BBC News, it was this press conference, rather than the paper in "The Lancet", that fuelled the MMR vaccination scare. According to the BBC, "He told journalists it was a 'moral issue' and he could no longer support the continued use of the three-in-one jab for measles, mumps and rubella. 'Urgent further research is needed to determine whether MMR may give rise to this complication in a small number of people,' Dr Wakefield said at the time." He said, "If you give three viruses together, three live viruses, then you potentially increase the risk of an adverse event occurring, particularly when one of those viruses influences the immune system in the way that measles does." He suggested parents should opt for single vaccinations against measles, mumps and rubella, separated by gaps of one year.
In December 2001, Wakefield resigned from the Royal Free Hospital, saying, "I have been asked to go because my research results are unpopular." The medical school said that he had left "by mutual agreement." In February 2002, Wakefield stated, "What precipitated this crisis was the removal of the single vaccine, the removal of choice, and that is what has caused the furore—because the doctors, the gurus, are treating the public as though they are some kind of moronic mass who cannot make an informed decision for themselves."
Aftermath of initial controversy.
Wakefield continued conducting clinical research in the United States after leaving the Royal Free Hospital in December 2001. He joined a controversial American researcher, Jeff Bradstreet, at the International Child Development Resource Center, to conduct further studies on the possible relationship between the MMR vaccine and autism.
In 2004, Wakefield started work at the Thoughtful House research center in Austin, Texas. Wakefield served as Executive Director of Thoughtful House until February 2010, when he resigned in the wake of findings against him by the British General Medical Council.
In February 2004, controversy resurfaced when Wakefield was accused of a conflict of interest. The "Sunday Times" reported that some of the parents of the 12 children in the study in "The Lancet" were recruited via a UK lawyer preparing a lawsuit against MMR manufacturers, and that the Royal Free Hospital had received £55,000 from the UK's Legal Aid Board (now the Legal Services Commission) to pay for the research. Previously, in October 2003, the board had cut off public funding for the litigation against MMR manufacturers. Following an investigation of "The Sunday Times" allegations by the UK General Medical Council, Wakefield was charged with serious professional misconduct, including dishonesty. In December 2006, the "Sunday Times" further reported that in addition to the money they gave the Royal Free Hospital, the lawyers responsible for the MMR lawsuit had paid Wakefield personally more than £400,000, which he had not previously disclosed.
Twenty-four hours before the 2004 "Sunday Times" report, "The Lancet" responded to the investigation in a public statement, describing Wakefield's research as "fatally flawed". "The Lancet's" editor said he believed the paper would have been rejected as biased if the peer reviewers had been aware of Wakefield's conflict of interest. Ten of Wakefield's twelve co-authors of the paper in "The Lancet" later published a retraction of an interpretation: The section of the paper retracted read as follows:
The retraction stated:
Wakefield v Channel 4 and others.
In November 2004, Channel 4 broadcast a one-hour "Dispatches" investigation by reporter Brian Deer; the "Toronto Star" said Deer had "produced documentary evidence that Wakefield applied for a patent on a single-jab measles vaccine before his campaign against the MMR vaccine, raising questions about his motives".
In addition to Wakefield's unpublished initial patent submission, Deer released a copy of the published patent application. At page 1, the first paragraph of this stated:
Before describing the research in Wakefield's 1998 paper in "The Lancet", at the same page this patent explicitly states that the use of the MMR vaccine causes autism:
According to Deer, a letter from Wakefield's lawyers to him dated 31 Jan 2005 said: "Dr Wakefield did not plan a rival vaccine."
In the Dispatches programme, Deer also revealed that Nicholas Chadwick, a researcher working under Wakefield's supervision in the Royal Free medical school, had failed to find measles virus in the children reported on in "The Lancet".
In January 2005, Wakefield initiated libel proceedings against Channel 4, the independent production company Twenty Twenty and Brian Deer. At the same time, Wakefield issued libel proceedings against "The Sunday Times", and against Deer personally over his website briandeer.com. Within weeks of issuing his claims, however, Wakefield sought to have the action frozen until after the conclusion of General Medical Council proceedings against him. Fighting back, Channel 4 and Deer obtained a High Court order compelling Wakefield to continue with his action, or discontinue it. After a hearing in court on 27 and 28 October 2005, Mr Justice David Eady ruled against a stay of proceedings, stating:
He also said in his judgement:
The judgment identified Channel 4's "very lengthy extracts" regarding Wakefield, where Deer's allegations are that he had:
Mr Justice Eady's ruling states that "the views or conclusions of the GMC disciplinary body would not, so far as I can tell, be relevant or admissible", that Channel 4's allegations "go to undermine fundamentally the Claimant's professional integrity and honesty" and that "It cannot seriously be suggested that priority should be given to GMC proceedings for the resolution of issues".
Other proceedings continued for two years, but in December 2006, Deer reported figures obtained from the Legal Services Commission showing that it had paid £435,643 in undisclosed fees to Wakefield for him to build a case against the MMR vaccine, payments which "The Sunday Times" reported had begun two years before the paper in "The Lancet".
Within days of Deer's report, Wakefield dropped all his libel actions and was required to pay all the defendants' legal costs.
Other concerns.
Other concerns regarding Wakefield were that an extension of his project caused life-threatening complications in one child, who received substantial compensation in an out-of-court settlement. Wakefield's data were also questioned; a former graduate student, who appeared in Deer's programme, later testified that Wakefield ignored laboratory data which conflicted with his hypothesis. An independent investigation of a collaborating laboratory questioned the accuracy of the data underpinning Wakefield's claims.
In June 2005, the BBC programme "Horizon" reported on an unnamed and unpublished study of blood samples from a group of 100 autistic children and 200 children without autism. They reported finding 99% of the samples contained no trace of the measles virus, and the samples that did contain the virus were just as likely to be from non-autistic children, i.e. only three samples contained the measles virus, one from an autistic child and two from a normal child. The study's authors found no evidence of any link between MMR and autism.
The Institute of Medicine (IOM) of the United States National Academy of Sciences, along with the CDC and the UK National Health Service, have found no link between vaccines and autism. Reviews in the medical literature have also found no link between the MMR vaccine and autism or with bowel disease, which Wakefield called "autistic enterocolitis."
General Medical Council hearings.
Between July 2007 and May 2010, a 217-day "fitness to practise" hearing of the UK General Medical Council examined charges of professional misconduct against Wakefield and two colleagues involved in the paper in "The Lancet" . The charges included that he:
Wakefield denied the charges; on 28 January 2010, the GMC ruled against Wakefield on all issues, stating that he had "failed in his duties as a responsible consultant", acted against the interests of his patients, and "dishonestly and irresponsibly" in his controversial research. On 24 May 2010 he was struck off the United Kingdom medical register. It was the harshest sanction that the GMC could impose, and effectively ended his career as a doctor. In announcing the ruling, the GMC said that Wakefield had "brought the medical profession into disrepute," and no sanction short of erasing his name from the register was appropriate for the "serious and wide-ranging findings" of misconduct. On the same day, Wakefield's autobiography, "Callous Disregard" was published. It argued that he had been unfairly treated by the medical and scientific establishment.
Fraud and conflict of interest allegations.
In February 2009, "The Sunday Times" reported that a further investigation by the newspaper had revealed that Wakefield "changed and misreported results in his research, creating the appearance of a possible link with autism", citing evidence obtained by the newspaper from medical records and interviews with witnesses, and supported by evidence presented to the GMC.
In April 2010, Deer expanded on laboratory aspects of his findings in a report in the "BMJ", recounting how normal clinical histopathology results (obtained from the Royal Free hospital) had been subjected to wholesale changes, from normal to abnormal, in the medical school and published in "The Lancet". On 2 January 2011, Deer provided two tables comparing the data on the twelve children, showing the original hospital data and the data with the wholesale changes as used in the 1998 "The Lancet" article.
On 5 January 2011, "BMJ" published an article by Brian Deer entitled "How the case against the MMR vaccine was fixed". Deer, funded by "The Sunday Times" of London and Channel 4 television network, said that, based on examination of the medical records of the 12 children in the original study, his research had found:
In an accompanying editorial, "BMJ" editors said:
Clear evidence of falsification of data should now close the door on this damaging vaccine scare ... Who perpetrated this fraud? There is no doubt that it was Wakefield. Is it possible that he was wrong, but not dishonest: that he was so incompetent that he was unable to fairly describe the project, or to report even one of the 12 children's cases accurately? No. A great deal of thought and effort must have gone into drafting the paper to achieve the results he wanted: the discrepancies all led in one direction; misreporting was gross. Moreover, although the scale of the GMC's 217 day hearing precluded additional charges focused directly on the fraud, the panel found him guilty of dishonesty concerning the study's admissions criteria, its funding by the Legal Aid Board, and his statements about it afterwards.
In a "BMJ" follow-up article on 11 January 2011, Deer said that based upon documents he obtained under Freedom of information legislation, Wakefield—in partnership with the father of one of the boys in the study—had planned to launch a venture on the back of an MMR vaccination scare that would profit from new medical tests and "litigation driven testing". "The Washington Post" reported that Deer said that Wakefield predicted he "could make more than $43 million a year from diagnostic kits" for the new condition, autistic enterocolitis. According to Deer's report in "BMJ", the ventures, Immunospecifics Biotechnologies Ltd and Carmel Healthcare Ltd—named after Wakefield’s wife—failed after Wakefield's superiors at University College London's medical school gave him a two-page letter that said:"We remain concerned about a possible serious conflict of interest between your academic employment by UCL, and your involvement with Carmel ... This concern arose originally because the company's business plan appears to depend on premature, scientifically unjustified publication of results, which do not conform to the rigorous academic and scientific standards that are generally expected."
WebMD reported on Deer's "BMJ" report, saying that the $43 million predicted yearly profits would come from marketing kits for "diagnosing patients with autism" and that "the initial market for the diagnostic will be litigation-driven testing of patients with AE enterocolitis, an unproven condition concocted by Wakefield from both the UK and the US". According to WebMD, the "BMJ" article also claimed that Carmel Healthcare Ltd would succeed in marketing products and developing a replacement vaccine if "public confidence in the MMR vaccine was damaged".
In October 2012, research published in PNAS, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, identified Wakefield's 1998 paper as the most cited retracted scientific paper, with 758 citations, and gave the "reason for retraction" as "fraud".
Journal retractions.
On 2 February 2010, "The Lancet" formally retracted Wakefield's 1998 paper. The retraction states that "the claims in the original paper that children were 'consecutively referred' and that investigations were 'approved' by the local ethics committee have been proven to be false".
The following day the editor of a specialist journal, "Neurotoxicology", withdrew another Wakefield paper that was in press. The article, which concerned research on monkeys, had already been published online and sought to implicate vaccines in autism.
In May 2010, "The American Journal of Gastroenterology" retracted a paper of Wakefield's that used data from the 12 patients of the article in "The Lancet".
On 5 January 2011, "BMJ" editors recommended that Wakefield's other publications should be scrutinized and retracted if need be.
Wakefield response.
As of January 2011, Wakefield continued to maintain his innocence. In a press release, he stated,
In an internet radio interview, Wakefield said the "BMJ" series "was utter nonsense" and denied "that he used the cases of the 12 children in his study to promote his business venture". Although Deer is funded by "The Sunday Times" and Channel 4, he has filed financial disclosure forms and denies receiving any funding from the pharmaceutical industry, which Wakefield says is paying him. According to CNN, Wakefield said the patent he held was for "an 'over-the-counter nutritional supplement' that boosts the immune system". WebMD reported that Wakefield said he was the victim of "a ruthless, pragmatic attempt to crush any attempt to investigate valid vaccine safety concerns".
Wakefield claims that Deer is a "hit man who was brought in to take down" and that other scientists have simply taken Deer at his word. While on "Anderson Cooper 360°", claiming he had not read the "BMJ" articles yet, he denied their validity and denied that Deer had interviewed the families of the children in the study. He also urged viewers to read his book, "Callous Disregard", which he claimed would explain why he was being targeted, to which Anderson Cooper replied: "But, sir, if you're lying, then your book is also a lie. If your study is a lie, your book is a lie."
Wakefield later implied that there is a conspiracy by public health officials and pharmaceutical companies to discredit him, including suggesting they pay bloggers to post rumours about him on websites or that they artificially inflated reports of deaths from measles.
Deer counter-response.
Deer responded to Wakefield's charge by challenging Wakefield to sue him for libel:
He also noted that Wakefield has previously sued him and lost. In January 2012 Wakefield filed a defamation lawsuit in Texas state court against Deer, Fiona Godlee and the BMJ for false accusations of fraud, seeking a jury trial in Travis County. The lawsuit said Wakefield is a resident of Austin. The suit cited the "Texas Long-Arm Statute" as justification for the venue. The journal said that it stood by the writings and would "defend the claim vigorously." On 3 August 2012, Judge Amy Meachum, in the 201st Texas district court, dismissed Wakefield's suit.
On 5 April 2011, Deer was named the UK's specialist journalist of the year in the British Press Awards, organised by the Society of Editors. The judges said that his investigation of Wakefield was a "tremendous righting of a wrong".
Epidemics and effects.
Physicians, medical journals, and editors have made statements tying Wakefield's fraudulent actions to various epidemics and deaths. Michael J. Smith, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Louisville, an "infectious diseases expert who has studied the autism controversy's effect on immunization rates", said, "Clearly, the results of this study have had repercussions."
The Associated Press said:
ABC News Channel WWAY3 said:
Paul Hébert, editor-in-chief of the "Canadian Medical Association Journal" (CMAJ) said:
A profile in a New York Times Magazine article noted:
Journalist Brian Deer called for criminal charges to be brought against Wakefield.
J. B. Handley of the autism and anti-vaccine advocacy group Generation Rescue noted, "To our community, Andrew Wakefield is Nelson Mandela and Jesus Christ rolled up into one." Wakefield has a fundraising group dedicated to supporting his litigation.
On 1 April 2011, the James Randi Educational Foundation awarded Wakefield the Pigasus Award for "refusal to face reality".
A 2011 journal article described the vaccine-autism connection as "the most damaging medical hoax of the last 100 years".

</doc>
<doc id="19990554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990554" title="Glavaticevo Hydro Power Plant">
Glavaticevo Hydro Power Plant

The Glavaticevo Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 172 MW.
However, the project has been under harsh scrutiny of local and national communities and various NGO's from Bosnia and Herzegovina and abroad, due which is postponed and possibly will be eventually canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19990569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990569" title="Chile Open (golf)">
Chile Open (golf)

The Chile Open, or the Abierto de Chile, is a men's professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica, that was first played in 1927.
Previous winners include Gary Player, Roberto de Vicenzo and his brother Osvaldo. The 2008 Chile Open was held at Hacienda de Chicureo in Santiago, and was won by Felipe Aguilar with a score of 265 (−23). 

</doc>
<doc id="19990571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990571" title="Konjic Hydro Power Plant">
Konjic Hydro Power Plant

The Konjic Hydro Power Plant was supposed to be one of the largest hydroelectric power plants Bosnia and Herzegovina, having an installed electric capacity of 122 MW, but project was canceled due to organized protests by various NGO's from Bosnia and Herzegovina and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19990592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990592" title="Mostarsko Blata Hydro Power Plant">
Mostarsko Blata Hydro Power Plant

The Mostarsko Blata Hydro Power Plant will be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 60 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19990597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990597" title="Natalia Tudge">
Natalia Tudge

Natalia Tudge (born January 9, 1986 in Kelowna, British Columbia) she began her career as an actress in Canadian independent films and attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York.
Developing a diverse and busy career, Natalia has continued to wear many different hats, helming the feature film Deep Cove starring Haylie Duff and Aaron Ashmore while also acting as development executive and associate producer for Waterfront Pictures. She was responsible for writing and producing four seasons of the hit Canadian series CMT Star, and worked as Rugged Media’s head of development, producing shows with the likes of BC Film, Movie Central, Telefilm and Canada Council. 
Natalia has continued to manage a string of hit lifestyle series including World’s Weirdest Restaurants with The Food Network and Urban Suburban with HGTV Canada, as well as a variety of her own projects. Besides her involvement with IMM’s music videos, she is hard at work on Foot It, a Bollywood-themed dance film with Movie Central set to shoot in Mumbai and Vancouver for Autumn 2013, and writing for HUSH Magazine.
Filmography.
Actress.
etc.
Associate producer.
etc.
Production Manager.
etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19990598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990598" title="Alexandrovskiye Trade Rows">
Alexandrovskiye Trade Rows

Alexandrovskiye Trade Rows () in Taganrog is a piece of architecture of the 19th century. Their construction took place in 1840s, the author of the project – architect M. Campinioni. 
Initially this architectural ensemble consisted of the two identical single-storey buildings semicircling the Alexandrovskaya Square (now Red Square), but being dissected by the street currently bearing the name of Chekhov. The concave facades constituted the solid high gallery arcades with austere Doric columns. Deep in the apertures between the columns there were shops, each had a front door and two windows; a back door led to a spacious yard. In the high plinth there were entries into deep cellars. The continuous line of stairs of the gallery, as well as the massive entablature crowning the edifice, emphasized the integrity of the entire ensemble. The structure looked like an antique temple rather than a shopping center. The rightmost stall near the Soborniy (Red) Pereulok was rented by Anton Chekhov’s father in 1874–1876. His uncle Ivan Loboda also had a shop there. Since some of the stalls were empty, the trade activities were concentrated in the right part of the rows, the rest was sold for lodging (the left side of Chekhov street, No 107–119). In 1911 the integrity of the right gallery was damaged by the construction of the two-storey building housing a leather goods shop (Chekhov street, 98). In 1921 just over the former Pavel Chekhov’s stall, the sculpture group was installed; it symbolized the union of workers and peasants (sculpted by Navratil from Czechoslovakia). In the course of repair work in 1966, it was removed from the edifice. In 1935 for the 75th birth anniversary of Anton Chekhov the territory was transformed into a public square. During the WWII the structure was damaged by a bomb; many apertures were bricked. The intact quarters are still in use. 
In 1960, for the 100th birth anniversary, the Chekhov Monument in Taganrog was inaugurated right in the Red Square facing the Chekhov Street and the historical downtown Taganrog.
The restoration work of the part of the former Alexandrovskiye Trade Rows was completed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19990609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990609" title="St. Nicholas Rink">
St. Nicholas Rink

The St. Nicholas Rink, also called the St. Nicholas Arena, was an indoor ice rink, and later a boxing arena in New York, New York, from 1896 until 1962. The rink was the second ice rink utilizing mechanically frozen ice for its surface in North America, (the second after the North Avenue Ice Palace in Baltimore, Maryland built in 1894), enabling a longer season for skating sports. It was demolished in the 1980s.
As a rink, it was used for pleasure skating, and the sports of ice hockey and skating. It was an important rink in the development of both sports in the United States. As a boxing arena, it was one of the first legal venues for boxing and remained a busy venue until its closing, although as the popularity of boxing grew, the sport outgrew the capacity of the arena to hold title fights. The arena hosted live boxing on television.
History.
St. Nicholas Rink opened November 7, 1896, at 69 West 66th Street, on the northeast corner of 66th Street and Columbus Avenue. The builders included Cornelius Vanderbilt and John Jacob Astor. Flagg and Chambers were the architects. The ice rink used a mechanically frozen ice or "artificial ice" surface using techniques developed at the Glaciarium in London, England. A basement ice-making factory shared the ice-making equipment. The arena was used exclusively for ice sports until 1906, when boxing was introduced. In 1911, prize fight boxing was legalized and prize fights became a popular event at the arena. By 1920, the use of the arena for boxing made the ice rink dispensable and it was removed. The building continued as a boxing venue until 1962. The building itself was used as the television production center for the ABC Network and local station WABC-TV where Eyewitness News was broadcast. The building was demolished in the 1980s and the site converted to main offices of ABC Network.
Ice hockey.
The rink was the home of the St. Nicholas hockey club of the (New York) Amateur Hockey League. The league operated its first season in 1896–97. The rink was also the site of numerous exhibitions of Canadian ice hockey teams both against New York area teams and between the Canadian teams. A challenge between amateur teams of the U.S. and Canada was held there, called the "International Amateur Championship".
On February 26, 1900, the rink was the site of the first ice hockey game between Harvard University and Yale University, won by Yale 5–4.
The arena was the site of the first game between women's ice hockey teams in the United States. In 1917, the St. Nicholas team defeated Boston 1–0.
The St. Nicholas men's amateur team eventually moved to Madison Square Garden and played on Sunday afternoons in the Eastern Amateur Hockey League.
Boxing.
The Rink was a boxing venue from 1906 until May 28, 1962, the date of the last main event. Upon its demise, it was reported that more than 30,000 fights had been staged here. (Others estimate 10,000, to 15,000, to 20,000.) Accounts in "The New York Times" report that boxing greats Jack Johnson, Jess Willard, Kid Chocolate and Rocky Graziano fought there; the former heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson fought his first professional match there in 1952. On one of the final fight cards, Cassius Clay (later Muhammad Ali) stopped Billy Daniels by seventh-round TKO on May 19, 1962, nine days before The Rink closed its doors for good. The last TV series on the DuMont network was "Boxing from St. Nicholas Arena" which went off the air August 6, 1956.
In a 1960 episode called "The Big Tall Wish" of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone the venue of a fictional boxing match was a "St. Nick's Arena".
Skating.
The arena was also formative in the growing sport of figure skating. Championships were held at the rink starting in 1897. The last championship, a "North American Championship" was held in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19990648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990648" title="South Carolina Highway 410">
South Carolina Highway 410

South Carolina Highway 410 is a state highway in Horry County going from the North Carolina state line to the community of Baxter Forks at U.S. Highway 701 which is just north of SC Hwy 22. 
Route description.
From the beginning SC 410 starts at the North Carolina Border near the community of Baxter Forks and Tabor City which was NC 410 and ends at U.S. Highway 701 near Homewood from Columbus County to Horry County borders.

</doc>
<doc id="19990650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990650" title="Hancock Fabrics">
Hancock Fabrics

Hancock Fabrics is a specialty retailer of crafts and fabrics based in Baldwyn, Mississippi, United States. Hancock Fabrics operates 266 stores in 37 states under the Hancock Fabrics name.
History.
The company, founded in 1957 in Tupelo, Mississippi by Elaine and L.D. Hancock, started out as a cost-efficient retail store and offered a greater selection of merchandise to its customers at lower prices. In 1985, they acquired Minnesota Fabrics based in Charlotte, North Carolina which operated over one hundred stores under the names Minnesota Fabrics and Fabric Warehouse. By 1992, the company was one of seven major retail piece-goods chains operating 482 stores in the United States.
On March 21, 2007, Hancock Fabrics announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The company closed 104 stores and emerged from bankruptcy in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19990663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990663" title="Crucibulum spinosum">
Crucibulum spinosum

Crucibulum spinosum, common name the spiny cup-and-saucer snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails and cup-and-saucer snails.
This species is native to the west coast of the Americas, from California to Chile. It has been introduced and established in Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="19990673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990673" title="Hugo Winzer">
Hugo Winzer

Dr. Hugo Winzer (b. 1862 – d. January 13, 1937 in Dresden) was a German pair skater. He was German pair champion in 1912 with his wife Hedwig Winzer.
Hugo Winzer stated skating 1886 in Leipzig inspired by the Finnish skater Neiglick. Hugo Winzer studied chemistry at the university in Leipzig at this time.
Due to a bad lung-illness he had to quit his job. To recover he moved to Switzerland where he also trained skating.
Dr. Hugo Winzer married Hedwig Müller from Berlin. They competed in pair skating also internationally.
After his skating career he became an international figure skating judge, so at the Worlds 1926. He also published articles about the “History of the German Figure Skating” (Handbuch der Leibesübungen Nr. 8, 1925)

</doc>
<doc id="19990678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990678" title="Anne Swithinbank">
Anne Swithinbank

Anne Swithinbank (born in Belvedere in Kent in 1957) is a trained horticulturist, freelance gardening broadcaster and writer. She trained at the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew Gardens and was Glasshouse Supervisor at the Royal Hortcultural Society's garden at Wisley, Surrey.
She is known for being a regular panellist on Gardeners' Question Time since 1994, she has also presented television gardening programmes including The Gardens of the Caribbean and The Chelsea Flower Show.
She writes for several magazines and papers including the News of the World and BBC's Gardeners' World Magazine. She has written several books on Gardening including the Gardeners' World Book of Houseplants and Gardeners' World Book of Containers. 
In 1986 she left Wisley to work as a freelance gardener and speaker. She then joined the team on BBC 2's Gardeners' World where she was a regular presenter for five years, subsequently she has made guest appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19990681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990681" title="Microsoft Office 95">
Microsoft Office 95

Microsoft Office 95, also known as Microsoft Office for Windows 95, released on 24 August 1995, was a version of Microsoft Office designed specifically for Windows 95, succeeding Office 4.3. Office 95 was replaced by Office 97.
Features.
Microsoft Office 95 includes six applications: Word (a word processor), Excel (a spreadsheet), PowerPoint (a presentation program), Access (a database management system), Schedule+ (a time management app) and Binder (a program for binding the work of the mentioned apps together). The CD-ROM version also includes Microsoft Bookshelf.
True to its namesake, this suite is designed specifically for Windows 95. Previously, Microsoft had released Office 4.2 for Windows NT for several architectures, which included 32‑bit Word 6.0 for Windows NT and Excel 5.0 for Windows NT, but PowerPoint 4.0 was 16‑bit. With Office for Windows 95, all components in the suite were 32-bit. All the Office 95 apps are OLE 2-enabled, meaning that they allow interoperability between themselves, as well as all other applications that support this data interchange protocol. Binder used this protocol bind OLE objects together.
Office for Windows 95 bears version number 7.0 to match Word's version number. Other components also bear the same version numbers to show that they are contemporaries, although their predecessors were not version 6.0. The previous versions of components were Word 6.0, Excel 5.0, PowerPoint 4.0, Schedule+ 1.0 and Access 2.0. Binder was a new app at the time with no predecessor. Microsoft Outlook was not included and used to be bundled with Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5.
Microsoft Excel contained an easter egg, a hidden "Doom"–like game called "Hall of Tortured Souls" crediting the application's writers.
Contemporary components.
Several additional programs were "compatible with Microsoft Office 95":
Other contemporary Microsoft products were:
Editions.
Office 95 was available in two versions. They contained the following applications:
Updates.
There were no downloadable service packs or service releases for Office for Windows 95. Instead, two updated versions, 7.0a and 7.0b were released to fix bugs. They could be ordered from Microsoft Support. A downloadable update was released in 1999 to address minor year 2000 problems.
Versions of Microsoft Jet database engine, 3.0 and 3.5 used by Access for Windows 95 (Access 7.0) and the later released, Access 97 respectively, had a critical issue which made these versions of Access unusable on a computer with more than 1 GB of memory. While this problem was fixed for Jet 3.5/Access 97, it was never fixed for Jet 3.0 or Access 95.
System requirements.
Microsoft Office 95 requires a 386DX or higher CPU, and either Windows 95, Windows NT 4.0, or Windows NT 3.51. It also requires 8 MB of RAM. Regarding hard disk space, compact installations require 28 MB, "typical" installations require 55 MB, and full installations require 88 MB.

</doc>
<doc id="19990682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990682" title="Propynylidyne">
Propynylidyne

Propynylidyne is a chemical compound that has been identified in interstellar space.
Structure.
Linear (l-C3H).
μD=3.551 Debye
2Π electronic ground state 
Simulated spectrum.
A rotational spectrum of the 2Π electronic ground state of l-C3H can be made using the PGopher software (a Program for Simulating Rotational Structure, C. M. Western, University of Bristol, http://pgopher.chm.bris.ac.uk) and molecular constants extracted from the literature. These constants include μ=3.551 Debye and others provided by Yamamoto et al. 1990, given in units of MHz: B=11189.052, D=0.0051365, ASO=432834.31, γ=-48.57, p=-7.0842, and q=-13.057. A selection rule of ΔJ=0,1 was applied, with S=0.5. The resulting simulation for the rotational spectrum of C3H at a temperature of T=30K agree well with observations. The simulated spectrum is shown in the figure at right with the approximate atmospheric transmission overplotted in blue. All of the strongest simulated lines with J < 8.5 are observed by Yamamoto et al.
Cyclic (c-C3H).
μD=2.4 Debye electronic ground state
Chemistry.
The molecule C3H has been observed in cold, dense molecular clouds. The dominant formation and destruction mechanisms are presented below, for a typical cloud with temperature 10K. The relative contributions of each reaction have been calculated using rates and abundances from the UMIST database for astrochemistry.
Contribution to carbon-chain molecule production.
The C3H molecule provides the dominant pathway to the production of C4H+, and thereby all other CnH (n>3) molecules via the reactions:<br>
These reactions produce the majority of C4H+, which is necessary for the production of higher-order carbon-chain molecules. Compared to the competing reaction,<br>
C3H3+ + C → C4H2+ + H, <br>
also shown right, the destruction of C3H provides a much faster pathway for hydrocarbon growth.
Other molecules in the C3H family, C2H and C3H2, do not significantly contribute to the production of carbon-chain molecules, rather forming endpoints in this process. The production of C2H and C3H2 essentially inhibits larger carbon-chain molecule formation, since neither they nor the products of their destruction are recycled into the hydrocarbon chemistry.
First astronomical detection.
The first confirmation of the existence of the interstellar molecule C3H was announced by W.M Irvine et al. at the January 1985 meeting of the American Astronomical Society. The group detected C3H in both the spectrum of the evolved carbon star IRC+10216 and in the molecular cloud TMC-1. These results were formally published in July of the same year by Thaddeus et al. A 1987 paper by W.M. Irvine provides a comparison of detections for 39 molecules observed in cold (Tk ≅10K), dark clouds, with particular emphasis paid to tri-carbon species, including C3H.
Subsequent astronomical detections.
Later reports of astronomical detections of the C3H radical are given in chronological order below.
In 1987, Yamamoto et al. report measurements of the rotational spectra of the cyclic C3H radical (c-C3H) in the laboratory and in interstellar space towards TMC-1. This publication marks the first terrestrial measurement of C3H. Yamamoto et al. precisely determine molecular constants and identify 49 lines in the c-C3H rotational spectrum. Both fine and hyperfine components are detected toward TMC-1, and the column density for the line of sight toward TMC-1 is estimated to be 6x1012cm−2, which is comparable to the linear C3H radical (l-C3H).
M.L Marconi and A. Korth et al. reported a likely detection of C3H within the ionopause of Comet Halley in 1989. Using the heavy ion analyzer (PICCA) on board the Giotto spacecraft they determined that C3H was responsible for producing a peak at 37amu detected within ~4500 km of the comet nucleus. Marconi et al. argue that a gas phase progenitor molecule for C3H is unlikely to exist within the ionopause and suggest that desorption from circumnuclear CHON dust grains may have instead produced the observed C3H.
In 1990, Yamamoto et al. detected C3H toward IRC + 10216 using the Nobeyama Radio Observatory's 45-m radio telescope. They determine an upper limit for the column density of the ν4 state 3x1012cm−2. From additional laboratory measurements they determine an extremely low vibrationally excited state for the C3H radical: ν4(2Σμ)=610197(1230) MHz, caused by the Renner-Teller effect in the ν4 (CCH bending) state.
J.G. Mangum and A. Wootten report new detections of c-C3H towards 13 of 19 observed Galactic molecular clouds. They measure relative abundance of C3H to C3H2: N(c-C3H)/N(C3H2) = 9.04+/-2.87 x 10−2. This ratio does not change systematically for warmer sources, which they suggest provides evidence that the two ring molecules have a common precursor in C3H3+.
L.A. Nyman et al. present a molecular line survey of the carbon star IRAS 15194-5115 using the 15m Swedish-ESO Submillimetre Telescope to probe the 3 and 1.3 mm bands. Comparing the molecular abundances with those of IRC + 10216, they find C3H to have similar abundances in both sources.
In 1993, M. Guelin et al. map the emission from the 95 GHz and 98 GHz lines of the C3H radicals in IRC+10216. This reveals a shell-like distribution of the C3H emission and time-dependent chemistry. The close correspondence between the emission peaks of C3H and the species <noautolink>MgNC</noautolink> and C4H suggests a fast common formation mechanism, suggested to be desorption from dust grains.
Turner et al. survey 10 hydrocarbon species, including l-C3H and c-C3H in three translucent clouds and TMC-1 and L183. Abundances are measured or estimated for each. The mean cyclic-to-linear abundance ratio for C3H is found to be 2.7, although a large variation in this ratio is observed from source to source.
In 2004, N. Kaifu et al. completed the first spectral line survey toward TMC-1 in the frequency range 8.8-50.0 GHz with the 45-m radio telescope at Nobeyama Radio Observatory. They detected 414 lines of 38 molecular species including c-C3H and compiled spectral charts and improved molecular constants for several carbon-chain molecules.
Martin et al. made the first spectral line survey towards an extragalactic source, targeting the starburst galaxy NGC253 across the frequency range 129.1-175.2 GHz. Approximately 100 spectral features were identified as transitions from 25 different molecular species, including a tentative first extra-galactic detection of C3H.

</doc>
<doc id="19990689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990689" title="Mecklenburg P 3.1">
Mecklenburg P 3.1

The steam locomotives of DRG Class 34.73, formerly the Mecklenburg Class P 3.1 were passenger train locomotives operated by the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg Friedrich-Franz Railway and were based on the Prussian P 3.1. They were sometimes used in express train services to begin with. Of the 41 examples belonging to this administration, which were built between 1888 and 1908, two originally came from the Lloyd Railway (Neustrelitz-Warnemünde). One improvement over the Mecklenburg P 2 was the braked coupled axle.
Twenty two of these locomotives were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, where they were given the running numbers 34 7301–34 7308 and 34 7351–34 7364. These engines were exclusively vehicles from the Friedrich-Franz Railway.
The engines were equipped with Prussian tenders of Class pr 3 T 10.5.

</doc>
<doc id="19990690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990690" title="Castle Hill, Brighton">
Castle Hill, Brighton

Castle Hill is a Site of Special Scientific Interest near Brighton, England. To the north-west this SSSI is in the parish of Kingston near Lewes, the rest is in the city of Brighton and Hove, a Unitary authority, whilst the whole of the SSSI and most of its surrounding farmland is owned by Brighton and Hove City. English Nature classify it under East Sussex. The site is within the South Downs AONB (Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty) and the northern part of the site is a national nature reserve.
The site is listed as of biological interest due to its chalk grassland habitat supporting a variety of flora and fauna.
Just inside the most north-western corner of the reserve, near the summit of Newmarket Hill, is the site of a nineteenth-century farm labourer's cottage and barns, known as Newmarket Farm. It is now an overgrown pile of demolition rubble, having been used for artillery practice during the second world war by our allies. To the south, the SSSI surrounds the former hamlet of Balsdean which was also demolished as a result of the same second world war artillery.

</doc>
<doc id="19990692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990692" title="36th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
36th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 36th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1916 and 1920.
The Liberal Party led by George Henry Murray formed the government.
James F. Ellis was speaker in 1916. Robert Irwin was named speaker in 1917 because Ellis was serving overseas.
The assembly was dissolved on June 28, 1920.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19990695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990695" title="Harry Warner (disambiguation)">
Harry Warner (disambiguation)

Harry Warner (1881–1958), co-founder of Warner Bros.
Harry Warner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19990720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990720" title="A801 road">
A801 road

The A801 is a road in Scotland which runs from east of Polmont to the A705 near Whitburn that heads towards Livingston in the other direction.
The A801 provides a link from the M8 to the M9, creating easy access from travellers from Falkirk or Stirling to places in West Lothian like Livingston. 

</doc>
<doc id="19990744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990744" title="St. Thomas Aquinas Cemetery">
St. Thomas Aquinas Cemetery

St. Thomas Aquinas Cemetery is a cemetery located in Compton, Quebec. It is most notable for being the burial place of Canadian Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent. 
Established in the 1850s, the cemetery is the resting place for a few of St. Laurent family including the Prime Minister's daughter Madeleine St. Laurent.

</doc>
<doc id="19990778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990778" title="St. Marys Cemetery">
St. Marys Cemetery

St. Marys Cemetery is a cemetery located in St. Marys, Ontario. It is most notable for being the burial place of Canadian Prime Minister Arthur Meighen. Opened in 1885 to relieve the full Protestant Cemetery, it is the resting place for Protestants in the area. A few plots were relocated to this cemetery from the old, which has since become a park.
Other notables buried here:

</doc>
<doc id="19990779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990779" title="North American Old Catholic Church">
North American Old Catholic Church

The North American Old Catholic Church (NAOCC) was a community of 22 independent Catholic churches based in the United States. Although unaffiliated with the Roman Catholic Church, this Old Catholic Church branch of Catholicism described its faith tradition as being "rooted in the early days of Jesus and his teachings on peace, love, justice and equality."
History.
The North American Old Catholic Church was formed in January 2007 in Louisville, Kentucky, as a community of independent Catholic churches, with Archbishop Michael Seneco being elected as the community's first presiding bishop. This United States-based organization traced its history to an 1870 movement in the Netherlands that dissented from the Roman Catholic Church largely over the 1869 First Vatican Council doctrine of papal infallibility, a dogma of the Catholic Church which states that the pope is preserved from the possibility of error in certain circumstances.
In 2009, the group included twenty Old Catholic churches in the United States, with Washington, D.C., Texas, and Maryland each having two parishes, Florida having three, and the rest located in other states. During the 2009 flu pandemic, an influenza virus began to spread on a worldwide scale. To help stop the spread of swine flu, the North American Old Catholic Church issued guidance that shaking hands, hugging, and other bodily contact was prohibited during services.
In August 2010, the presiding bishop officiated at a same-sex marriage service between Robert Crawford, son of Mary and Donald Crawford, and Mark Nielsen, son of Nancy H. Nielsen, at the Long View Art Gallery in Washington, D.C. In October 2011, Glory to God American Catholic Church, located in Ogden, Utah, joined the North American Old Catholic Church, renaming itself Glory to God Old Catholic Church. By joining the community, Glory to God Old Catholic Church became the first church in Utah to be affiliated with the North American Old Catholic Church. In addition, the North American Old Catholic Church received its 21st parish and its then-farthest west affiliate in the United States. 
The North American Old Catholic Church was disbanded in 2013. It no longer exists as an ecclesiastical entity.

</doc>
<doc id="19990804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990804" title="Harry Nuttall (footballer)">
Harry Nuttall (footballer)

Harry Nuttall (born Henry Nuttall in Bolton, Lancashire on 9 November 1897), was a football player best known for being in the winning Bolton Wanderers team which won the FA Cup in 1923.
Nuttall was signed by Charles Foweraker for Bolton Wanderers in 1921, debuting against Tottenham Hotspur in September of that year. His first silverware was won in the 1923 Final, which was a 2–0 victory over West Ham United, with Nuttall playing as half back. Nuttall would go on to win the 1926 and 1929 trophies with Bolton. Nuttall was made captain of the side in 1929, and after playing 326 games for the club, moved to Rochdale in May 1932, before becoming the coach of Nelson the year after. In 1935 Nuttall moved back to Wanderers, acting as second team coach, a position he held until 1964.
Nuttall played as an international for England in three games, the first against Northern Ireland on 22 October 1927, the second against Wales and the last against Scotland on 13 April 1929.
Nuttall died in Bolton in April 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19990813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990813" title="Jim Aiken (concert promoter)">
Jim Aiken (concert promoter)

Jim Aiken (1932–2007) was a concert promoter responsible for bring many international acts to perform concerts in Ireland through his company Aiken Promotions, he was responsible for many big gigs in Ireland such as U2 at Croke Park, and concerts at Slane Castle such as Bruce Springsteen and Queen.
Aiken was from Jonesborough in County Armagh and played Gaelic Football for the county. He spent four years in Maynooth College studying for the priesthood but instead went on to become a teacher of physics and maths at Harding Street school in Belfast.
Jim Aiken died on 27 February. He is survived by his wife Anne, five children (Peter, Claire, Susan, Cathy, Joan) and 13 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19990825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990825" title="Tito the Builder">
Tito the Builder

Tito Muñoz, also known by the moniker "Tito the Builder", is a conservative activist who has received substantial media attention for various political campaign activities. During the United States presidential election, 2008, Muñoz became notable for publicly defending Joe Wurzelbacher, and also for campaigning with Sarah Palin. Muñoz is a member of the Virginia state Board of Housing and Community Development, and has a conservative Latino radio show.
Personal life.
Muñoz, a Colombian immigrant, is presently a small construction company owner and a United States citizen. He is a resident of Woodbridge, Virginia. Muñoz claims to have 250 cousins.
Muñoz hosts “America Eres Tu”, an hour long Spanish language radio show that is broadcast on Saturday afternoons. On his radio show, Muñoz covers social issues and takes the time to explain conservative fiscal issues. Many Hispanics don’t know “we owe money to other countries,” Muñoz says, “they don’t understand we have a deficit, they don’t understand the magnitude of the debt, so I’m there trying to explain it in simple Spanish.”
Campaigns.
Muñoz created a 527 organization called the Conservative Hispanic Coalition. Muñoz also supports Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks. In 2010, Muñoz considered challenging Corey Stewart, the Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors, in the Republican primary. According to the Daily Caller, "At a time when political leaders in both parties tend to understand their constituents as discrete and predictable voting blocks aligned by race and ethnicity, Munoz is a reminder that the American political reality is more complex, and inspiring." Muñoz campaigned for Governor Bob McDonnell in the Virginia gubernatorial election, 2009.
2008 presidential campaign.
During the 2008 presidential campaign, Tito Muñoz received substantial media attention. He became known for wearing a yellow hard hat with a McCain-Palin bumper sticker, an orange reflector jacket, as well as sunglasses. He campaigned with Sarah Palin, and was known for a confrontation with reporters. Will Rabbe, of the Independent Film Channel, has posted a video about Muñoz and his interaction with reporters. Five days before the election, Muñoz appeared on Fox News’ "Hannity & Colmes". Muñoz told Alan Colmes that he became involved in the 2008 presidential election by giving newspapers "hiding the truth about Obama" a piece of his mind.
During this time, Muñoz coined the phrase: “Born in Colombia, Made in the U.S.A.”
2011 Virginia General Assembly campaign.
In April 2011, Muñoz, who identifies as a Tea Party activist, formed his own Political Action Committee called TitoPAC. Muñoz ran for the Virginia General Assembly seat held by State Senator Toddy Puller. In May 2011, Muñoz protested a plan for Virginia state Republicans to nominate a candidate for the 36th district race. Under this plan, one GOP representative from each of the three counties will decide "whether to call a primary, convention, firehouse primary or mass meeting to select a nominee for the Senate seat." The Washington Post reported that, after "making a passionate plea in front of Northern Virginia Republicans, potential state Senate candidate Tito Muñoz got what he wanted — a primary, not a convention, to select the Republican nominee for the 36th district Senate race. Three GOP representatives, one each from Stafford, Prince William and Fairfax counties, voted Saturday to hold an Aug. 23 primary to find a challenger for Democratic Sen. Linda “Toddy” Puller, who has held the seat since 1999."" Jeff Frederick, former chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia, filed paperwork to run for state Senate in the district. Muñoz stated that he wanted to focus on "the depleted Route 1 corridor and education." Muñoz was been endorsed by former governor George Allen. On June 16, Muñoz officially launched his campaign for state senator, in Muñoz’s first run for public office. 
"The district has a voting-age Hispanic population of 19.5 percent." If elected, Munoz would have been the first foreign-born Hispanic to serve in Virginia's state legislature.
In the August primary, Muñoz was defeated by Frederick, losing by a 76.8% to 23.19% margin. Puller won the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19990829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990829" title="Rodica Dunca">
Rodica Dunca

Rodica Dunca Köszegi (born May 16, 1965 in Baia Mare, Romania)is a Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1980 Olympic Games. She is an Olympic silver medalist and a world gold medalist with the team. Individually she won a continental bronze medal on beam.

</doc>
<doc id="19990832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990832" title="Bertie (TV series)">
Bertie (TV series)

Bertie is an IFTA-winning four-part miniseries documenting the life of former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, which was broadcast on Irish television channel, RTÉ One in 3 November 2008. The series examined in close detail how he operated as leader of the country and what drove him through his political career. Interviews interwoven with archive footage formed the basis of series.
The series featured contributions from over 70 people directly linked with Ahern, including family members, schoolfriends and national and international politicians. A central aspect of the programme was a "marathon" interview with Ahern. This interview was conducted shortly after he resigned as Taoiseach and leader of the Fianna Fáil political party in May 2008. "Bertie" features an interview with Tony Blair and contributions from former Cabinet colleagues Charlie McCreevy and Mary O'Rourke. His former wife Miriam Ahern and their daughters, Cecelia and Georgina were also interviewed. Amongst those declining an interview were Ahern's former partner Celia Larkin.
Other Cabinet ministers and junior ministers interviewed included Dermot Ahern, Willie O'Dea, Brian Lenihan, Martin Cullen, Mary Harney, Conor Lenihan and Noel Ahern.
Others interviewed included Des Richardson, Joe Burke, Barry English, David McKenna, Chris Wall, Paddy Duffy and Royston Brady. Ahern's successor as Taoiseach, Brian Cowen, did not contribute to the programme.
In the documentary Brian Lenihan described Ahern as "a man who is utterly consumed by politics and by the exercise of power and he has devoted much of his life to that exercise".
Carson the producer said: “It is a political biography of the Taoiseach while also covering Ireland’s political history from 1992, where the "Haughey" series left off.” 
"Bertie" was produced by Mint Productions, who also produced the 2003 programme, "Fine Gael: A Family at War" and in 2005 "Haughey" documentary series. also directed by Carson. The show was envisaged and production commenced before Ahern resigned from office.
Episodes.
Part one.
The opening episode was broadcast on 3 November 2008 on RTÉ One. It traced Ahern's life up to the Irish general election in 1989, detailing his years as an accounts clerk in the Mater Hospital, Dublin and his fledgling political career, during which he won a seat in Dáil Éireann in 1977 on his first campaign. The programme outlined the close bond he forged with his party leader at the time, Charles Haughey, whilst serving as Fianna Fáil chief whip.
Part two.
The second episode was broadcast on 10 November 2008, commenced with the 1990 Irish presidential election, in which Mary Robinson became the country's first female president, and follows Ahern's career up to his appointment as leader of the Fianna Fáil political party in 1994.
Part three.
The third episode was broadcast on 17 November 2008, focused on the period from 1994, when Ahern very nearly formed a coalition Government with the Labour. There was also the issue of the briefcase full of cash delivered by Michael Wall to Ahern's constituency office in St Lukes, the previous weekend; the cash was passed on to Celia Larkin who lodged it in an AIB account. From there the focus switched to the 1997 general election, when a minute increase in Fianna Fáil's share of the vote saw him elected Taoiseach for the first time in a coalition Government with the Progressive Democrats. Subsequently the extensive negotiations in Stormont, leading to the Good Friday Agreement.
Part four.
The fourth episode was broadcast on 24 November 2008, focused on the period from early 1999 up to 2008. The Planning Tribunal, Mahon Tribunal was set up in 1998 to "enquire urgently" into planning affairs in Dublin. Nearly a decade later it would focus on Ahern's missing bank accounts and a pattern of lodgements and withdrawals noticeably larger than his salary between 1993 and 1995. His subsequent attempts to explain this on the in September 2006 and the coining of the term "dig-out" entered Irish political folklore. His performance at the Tribunal and dichotomies in his evidence featured there.
Viewing figures.
601,000 watched the first episode, 594,000 watched the second episode and "in excess" of 500,000 were said to have watched the third episode. Ahern was not amongst the viewers, preferring to "listen to others' views on it at this stage" and watch it later when the series has completed broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="19990842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990842" title="Guinness World Records (disambiguation)">
Guinness World Records (disambiguation)

Guinness World Records is an annual book first published in 1954.
Guinness World Records may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19990846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990846" title="1926–27 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1926–27 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1926–27 season was Cardiff City's 7th season in The Football League since joining in 1920. They competed in the 22-team Football League First Division, finishing in 14th place.
Hughie Ferguson was the club's top scorer with a total of 31 goals in all competitions which became a club record that would not be broken until 2003 when Robert Earnshaw scored a total of 35.
Season review.
FA Cup.
Finalists two years earlier, Cardiff began their FA Cup campaign with a 2–1 win over Aston Villa at Ninian Park. After consecutive 2–0 wins over Darlington and reigning holders Bolton Wanderers, they were drawn against Second Division side Chelsea. Following a 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge, Cardiff came away with a 3–2 win in the replay and advanced to the final with a 3–0 win over Reading in the semi-final held at Molineux Stadium in Wolverhampton.
Cardiff met Arsenal in the final at Wembley Stadium. The only goal of the game came after 74 minutes when Cardiff forward Hughie Ferguson fired a hopeful shot towards goal only for Arsenal goalkeeper Dan Lewis to let the ball slip out of his hands and into the net. Lewis later blamed the error on his jersey, claiming that due to it being brand new was greasy and made it difficult to grip the ball. By winning, Cardiff became the first, and still only, side from outside England to have ever won the FA Cup.
Welsh Cup.
In the Welsh Cup, Cardiff recorded victories over Ebbw Vale, Barry Town and Wrexham before beating Rhyl 2–0 in the final held at the Racecourse Ground, with goals from Len Davies and Sam Irving, winning the tournament for the fifth time in the club's history.
Fixtures & results.
Welsh Cup.
green=win orange=draw red=lost

</doc>
<doc id="19990849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990849" title="Notts Pot">
Notts Pot

Notts Pot is cave system on Leck Fell, Lancashire, England. It is described as 'the most concentrated vertical maze in Britain'.

</doc>
<doc id="19990851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990851" title="St-Rémi-de-Napierville Cemetery">
St-Rémi-de-Napierville Cemetery

St-Rémi-de-Napierville Cemetery is a small Catholic cemetery in Saint-Rémi-de-Napierville, Quebec and located on the southside of rue Saint-Andre east of rue Saint-Paul (222 rue Saint-Andre).
It is the final resting place of Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau (in the family vault that can be seen from the rue Saint-Andre).

</doc>
<doc id="19990853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990853" title="Haughey (TV series)">
Haughey (TV series)

Haughey is a four-part mini-series documenting the life of former Taoiseach Charles Haughey which was first broadcast on Irish television channel RTÉ One in June and July 2005. It was aired as part of RTÉ's summer schedule that year.
"Haughey" is a creation of Mint Productions, the company founded by presenter Miriam O'Callaghan and her producer husband Steve Carson, responsible for the 2003's "Fine Gael: A Family At War" and later the 2008 "Bertie" documentary series.
Unlike "Bertie", which saw one of Haughey's successors as Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, give a "marathon" three-hour interview to the cameras and national television, Haughey could not be persuaded to take a direct part in the series. However, he did give his blessing to the involvement of his family and friends in co-operating with the programme.
The programme provoked much debate throughout its four-week run, drawing fire from many individuals, some with "already sharpened axes to grind anew". The series was accused of being "too soft" on its subject. Desmond O'Malley thought his screened interview unlike that which actually happened. Some of the interviewees were criticised as viewing their part "through the distorting mirror of bitterness or loyalty", whilst "others bore grudges, others were staking their positions for posterity". The series was noted for the wry contributions of former secretary to the government Dermot Nally, the contrasting observations of Haughey's son Seán with those of his daughter Eimear, and the performance of Pádraig Flynn before the camera, which was described as "utterly extraordinary". Questions were, however, raised if a better programme could have been made after Haughey's death when people would feel freer to speak.

</doc>
<doc id="19990871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990871" title="Gurney Slade">
Gurney Slade

Gurney Slade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19990881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990881" title="Mint Productions">
Mint Productions

Mint Productions is an Irish production company that has produced documentaries and television series for RTÉ, BBC and Channel 4. The company, founded by RTÉ television presenter Miriam O'Callaghan and her producer husband Steve Carson, has produced a number of series, including "Fine Gael: A Family At War" (2003), "Our Lady's" (2003), its follow-up "Return to Our Lady's" (2005), "Legal Eagles" (2004), "Making Babies" (2004) and "Junior Doctors" (2006). Amongst its most noted achievements are "Haughey" (2005) and the IFTA-winning "Bertie" (2008), two separate series on the lives and political careers of two of Ireland's more prominent taoisigh, Charles Haughey and Bertie Ahern.
The 2001 Mint-produced "Ireland's Own" examined the popular Irish magazine of the same name which was celebrating its 100th anniversary that year. The same year's "Pearse - Fanatic Heart" was a biopic of Irish rebel teacher Patrick Pearse. In 2002, Mint produced three biographical documentaries for BBC Four; "Sharpton" on the preacher Al Sharpton, "Berlusconi" on Italian politician Silvio Berlusconi and "Mary Robinson: The Outsider" on former President of Ireland Mary Robinson. That same year they produced "Venezuela: The Two-Day Coup" for the station. This focused on the period that April when the Presidency of Venezuela exchanged hands thrice in two days. "Matthew Bourne: The Entertainer" was a joint production for BBC Four/BBC Two on the controversial choreographer Matthew Bourne in 2002. A return to RTÉ led to "Eamonn", a documentary on TV presenter Eamonn Andrews. "All the Queen's Men" was a joint production between RTÉ and the Irish Film Board which focused on the reasons behind hundreds of young Irishmen opting to fight in the British Army. In 2003 "Paul Seawright: Hidden" was produced for BBC Four. It focused on the Belfast photographic artist who grew up during the Troubles. "Abu Hamza" examined the controversial preacher Sheikh Abu Hamza al-Masri who has since been jailed in the UK. For a period of six months in 2002-03 "Crash" was filmed for RTÉ. It focused on the car crash epidemic that blights the Irish nation. "Emmet" was an account of the Republican revolutionary Robert Emmet who was hanged and beheaded in Dublin in 1803. In 2004 "Who Kidnapped Shergar" was produced for Channel 4 and RTÉ. It detailed the 1983 disappearance of the famous racehorse from County Kildare.

</doc>
<doc id="19990896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990896" title="The Doll (1919 film)">
The Doll (1919 film)

The Doll () is a 1919 romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch . The film is loosely based on the same short story which inspired the ballet "Coppélia".
DVD releases.
The film was released in the US by Kino Lorber as part of the box set "Lubitsch in Berlin" in 2007 with English intertitles. It was also released in the UK by Eureka's Masters of Cinema series as part of the box set "Lubitsch in Berlin: Fairy-Tales, Melodramas, and Sex Comedies" in 2010 with German intertitles and English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="19990900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990900" title="Holy Cross Cemetery, Halifax">
Holy Cross Cemetery, Halifax

Holy Cross Cemetery is a cemetery in Halifax Nova Scotia. Many Irish immigrants who arrived in Halifax prior to Canada's Confederation and many of their descendants are buried there, as well as Canada's fourth Prime Minister, Sir John Sparrow Thompson. Among the more well-known families there are the Kennys of Halifax (Hon. Sir Edward Kenny, Thomas Edward Kenny, etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="19990922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990922" title="Saxon VIb V">
Saxon VIb V

The Saxon Class VIb formula_1 were four-coupled, tender locomotives in express train service with the Royal Saxon State Railways. In 1925, the Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped these engines into DRG Class 34.8.
History.
The Saxon Class VIb V locomotives were built from 1889 onwards in a total of 14 units by the Hartmann and were designed for hauling express trains. They were mostly retired by 1922. The Reichsbahn took over just one engine and gave it the running number 34 8011. It was retired in 1925.
Technical features.
These locomotives were the first compound locomotives in Saxony. Its two-cylinder, compound engine was located behind the carrying axle and drove the final axle. The locomotives had an inside Allan valve gear. The steam dome was in the centre of the boiler over the middle axle. The running gear had an improved "Nowotny" carrying axle, nevertheless it did not have good riding qualities. The "Schleifer" brakes were later converted to Westinghouse brakes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19990933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990933" title="St. John's Cemetery, Halifax">
St. John's Cemetery, Halifax

St. John's Cemetery is a cemetery in Halifax, Nova Scotia and forms a series of cemeteries in the Fairview area of Halifax, with Fairview Cemetery and Baron de Hirsch Cemetery.
Opened in 1839, it is the final resting place for a few prominent Anglicans in Halifax:
The cemetery contains war graves of 70 Commonwealth service personnel, 62 from World War I (of whom 48 lie in the Naval Plot in Section Q) and 8 from World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19990940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990940" title="Social currency">
Social currency

Social currency is a common term that can be understood as the entirety of actual and potential resources which arise from the presence in social networks and communities, may they be digital or offline. It derives from Pierre Bourdieu’s social capital theory and is about increasing one’s sense of community, granting access to information and knowledge, helping to form one’s identity, and providing status and recognition.
Social currency in Marketing and Management.
In their study on social currency, the consulting company Vivaldi Partners defined social currency as the extent to which people share the brand or information about the brand as part of their everyday social lives at work or at home. This sharing helps companies to create unique brand identities and earn permission to interact with consumers or customers. In today’s age, building social currency is probably the most important investment companies can make to create value for themselves. Social Currency moves social initiatives and campaigns beyond marketing and communications efforts to impacting and changing entire industries and categories. Consumers and customers will benefit as well as they increasingly participate in social platforms, and use social technologies.
Social currency can be divided into six dimensions or levers:
It is about creating a sense of community and by that a strong affiliation between customers, consumers and users of a brand. Having social currency increases a brand’s engagement with consumers and interaction with customers, and by that adding to the customer conversation around the brand, it grants access to information and knowledge, which is being shared within the customer base. Belonging to a group also helps users of a brand to grow personally by accessing new utility and also developing their own identity in the respective peer group. A strong attachment to a brand will also be a core driver for an active advocacy recommending or even defending the brand.
The Social Currency Wheel is an alternative to the traditional brand funnel or customer decision journey. The Social Currency Wheel evaluates the impact of social behaviors of customers on social currency and three outcomes: consideration, purchase, and loyalty. The goal of the Social Currency Wheel is to explain how customers’ social processes and behaviors drive each of the conversions. Marketers can engage with customers during these social processes and behaviors, and influence the outcomes.
Further examples of social currency.
Social currency is information shared which encourages further social encounters. It can be a factor in establishing fans of sports or television programmes. As well as talking about sports, attendance at sports events themselves is a form of social currency. Young men in particular feel the need to learn about sporting current events in order to facilitate social interaction. However these types of fan can easily move to a new sport, team, or programme in the future if the new one offers more social currency. Women may use jewellery and clothes as part of their social currency, providing a way into communication.

</doc>
<doc id="19990948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990948" title="Carl Begai">
Carl Begai

Carl Begai (born December 1, 1968 in Toronto). is a Canadian music journalist, and author.
Life.
Begai was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He attended York University in Toronto and received a B.A. in History in 1993. 
Begai currently lives in Germany.
Career.
Begai began his writing career in October 1993 as a contributor to M.E.A.T Magazine, a Toronto-based metal fanzine distributed across Canada that was available for free. At the end of 1996 he joined the ranks of Toronto-based metal magazine Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles (BW&BK). He has contributed to every issue since, having become one of the key writers on staff. In May 2005 Begai added the BW&BK website Bravewords.com to his mag-related duties, joining other staff members in reporting metal news on a daily basis.
Begai has also contributed to the regional German rock fanzine Rock City News (better known these days as RCN) and was a copy editor for the English language edition of the German gothic culture magazine Orkus for two years.
In addition, he has written brief band biographies for Blood Stain Child, Midnattsol, Scarlet Sins, Ahab and vocalist Amanda Somerville. Carl also assisted Midnattsol vocalist Carmen Elise Espenaes in shaping and arranging lyrics for the band’s 2005 debut, Where Twilight Dwells, and its 2008 follow-up, Nordlys.
Begai is the co-writer and collaborator on ex-Bonfire bassist Joerg Deisinger’s memoir, Fire And Fame, released independently in August 2008. He is currently working on a book of his own entitled Won’t Go Quietly, a work of fiction inspired his experiences in the music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19990978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19990978" title="PAVED Arts">
PAVED Arts

PAVED Arts is a new media art Artist run centre located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada that focuses on what it calls the 'PAVED Arts' arts: photography, audio, video, electronic and digital. PAVED operates an access centre for media production and post-production and an exhibition space for works falling within their mandate.
History.
PAVED Arts was created March 31, 2003, as an amalgamation of The Photographers Gallery and Video Vérité. In June 2005 it was determined that the centre needed a new space, and along with the Saskatoon Artist-run centre AKA Gallery, PAVED moved into 424 20th Street West.
PAVED is a member of the Independent Media Arts Alliance.
Significance.
PAVED's importance to the city of Saskatoon and the Canadian Arts community is underlined by Former Saskatchewan Labour Minister David Forbes statement in 2007 that "It is important that artists are able to pursue viable careers in Saskatchewan ... the 20 Above Arts Centre will provide increased access to creative and professional opportunities for young artistic talent to stay in the province." PAVED sees itself as a way of “democratizing art and increasing access to the ability to make art”.
Other important contributions to Canadian art include the hosting of an online database and digital archive called Upstream Saskatchewan containing hundreds of photographic and video works, and the commissioning of "Coincidence Engines" by Montreal-based artists' collective User.
PAVED Arts is the only artist-run new media access point in Saskatoon. It is the Saskatoon host of the electronic media art organization Dorkbot.
PAVED's significance is not just arts-based, but also as a political entity and vehicle of social change. Within the city PAVED also has outreach programs facilitating, among other things, inner-city youth in recording their own hip-hop tracks. Located in the economically depressed Saskatoon neighbourhood of Riversdale, PAVED uses art as a way to create dialogue with other residents; one commissioned project was designed by artist Linda Duvall with the idea that “instead of being passive, there is a commitment to having art act as a form of engagement." Another, more recent commission was a series of politically relevant advertisement-like billboards drawing attention to NIMBY situations city-wide.
PAVED is also important as a site of dialogue regarding the voice of Canadian First Nations people, facilitating, with shows like "21" (curated by Elwood Jimmy) and screenings of Ali Kazimi's "Shooting Indians", discussion of the predicament of First Nations people in Canada and the historical roots of it. In these ways, PAVED has assisted young First Nations people in Saskatoon to express the reality of their lives through art.

</doc>
<doc id="19991012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991012" title="Kim Ji-hoo">
Kim Ji-hoo

Kim Ji-hoo (April 5, 1985 – October 6, 2008) was an actor and model.
Career and coming out.
Kim made his debut as a fashion model in 2007. Regarded as "one to watch", he later appeared as a guest on the MBC drama series "Before and After Plastic Surgery", and on family sitcom "The Unstoppable High Kick". On April 21, 2008, he came out as a gay man on the tvN reality show "Coming Out", a series which profiles the lives of LGBT Koreans. Shortly after the episode aired, Kim's personal webpage was inundated with messages denouncing his sexuality. Several fashion shows and television programmes cancelled his appearances, while his management company declined to renew his contract.
Death.
Kim hung himself at his home in Jamsil, southern Seoul, on October 6, 2008. A suicide note found at the scene read: "I'm lonely and in a difficult situation. Please cremate my body." Kim's mother said that he "underwent many professional and personal difficulties following his coming-out", while police attributed his suicide to public prejudice against homosexuality. Days before taking his life, Kim wrote on his web site: "Life is like the wind. What's there to agonise over? Meetings are happy, partings are sad, everything is just a moment." His funeral service was on October 9, 2008.
Kim's death was one of several celebrity suicides in South Korea, which included the earlier deaths of actors Ahn Jae-hwan and Choi Jin-sil, and President Roh Moo-hyun.

</doc>
<doc id="19991024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991024" title="Social Science Research Laboratory">
Social Science Research Laboratory

The Social Science Research Laboratory (SSRL) is a component of the College of Arts & Letters at San Diego State University (SDSU) in San Diego, California.
Functions.
The SSRL provide comprehensive survey research and program evaluation services to university faculty, administration, students, and regional government and non-profit organizations, and to provide education and training in current survey research and program evaluation methods to SDSU students. The SSRL also provides information on current best practices in survey research methodology and program evaluation to SDSU students, faculty, staff, and the greater San Diego community.
Standards.
Activities are conducted in accordance with the American Association for Public Opinion Research (AAPOR) Code of Professional Ethics and Practices.

</doc>
<doc id="19991031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991031" title="Nokia E66">
Nokia E66

The Nokia E66 is a slider smartphone in the Nokia Eseries range, a S60 platform third edition device with slide action targeting business users. It is a successor to the Nokia E65 with which it shares many features.
E66 has similar features to the Nokia E71 handset, but lacks sufficient battery capacity for all day use and does not have the full QWERTY, however the E66 is smaller in size and weighs less. The E66 also includes an accelerometer and new animations and transition effects, which are lacking in the E71.
Features.
The 2.5 mm (3/32") audio port is not suitable for traditional 3.5 mm (1/8") headphones plugs.
The microUSB port cannot be used to charge the mobile.
Firmware history.
Dial *#0000# to Check firmware version

</doc>
<doc id="19991059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991059" title="St. Michael's Churchyard, Mickleham">
St. Michael's Churchyard, Mickleham

St. Michael's Churchyard is the church and graveyard located in Mickleham, Surrey, England, belonging to the Church of England parish of Mickleham.
History.
The church building dates back to the Norman period from 950 to 1180, but some changes to the building were made in 1823, 1842, 1872 and 1891.
Notable Burials.
There are 867 recorded burials, but more are accounted for since 1891, not including those from 950 to 1891. The graveyard is the final resting place of Richard Bedford Bennett, Prime Minister of Canada and a member of the House of Lords. Bennett's grave is located steps from the front of the church doors and has a marker from the Government of Canada signifying the important figure buried there.
Also, Maria Drummond née Maria Kinnaird, widow of Thomas Drummond, is buried here.

</doc>
<doc id="19991070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991070" title="Mihatovići">
Mihatovići

Mihatovići is a Bosnian war refugees settlement, located near the city of Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the home of 8,000 refugees, who are mainly Bosnian Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="19991083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991083" title="Matrix molding">
Matrix molding

Matrix molding or matrix transfer molding is a technique often used during molding. The person doing the assembly will first create the rigid outer shell, then introduce the softer and more fluid molding material between the shell and the prototype. This process is often used for complex shapes using composites such as with glass and glass/ceramic composites.

</doc>
<doc id="19991095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991095" title="Cosmic Universal Fashion">
Cosmic Universal Fashion

Cosmic Universal Fashion is a solo album by Sammy Hagar, released in 2008. Shortly after its release, Hagar formed the supergroup Chickenfoot with his former Van Halen band mate Michael Anthony.
"Cosmic Universal Fashion" debuted at number 95 on the "Billboard 200".

</doc>
<doc id="19991106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991106" title="Redistributive change">
Redistributive change

Redistributive change is a legal theory of economic justice in the context of U.S. law that promotes the recognition of poverty as a classification, like race, ethnicity, gender, and religion, that should likewise draw extra scrutiny from the courts in matters pertaining to civil rights.
The theory was discussed in academia in the wake of "Goldberg v. Kelly", a 1970 U.S. Supreme Court case, which decided that due process, such as a notice and a fair hearing, were required when dealing with the deprivation of a government benefit (such as a medical license) or an entitlement (such as welfare payments). However, attempts to promote redistributive change through the courts gained no traction, and the result of "Goldberg v. Kelly" was thus limited in scope. 
One of the goals, in light of "Brown v. Board of Education", was to promote equality in school funding, but this was specifically rejected by the Supreme Court in "San Antonio School District v. Rodriguez" (1973) which ruled there was no inherent right to education in the United States.
A discussion among two law professors and Illinois State Senator and law lecturer Barack Obama on the topic of civil rights aired on Chicago Public Radio's Odyssey program in 2001. Obama declared in the discussion that redistributive change needs to come through legislation, not the courts, and lamented that the civil rights movement failed to pursue political means to bring such a change about. As a result of Obama's candidacy in the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, the matter became a campaign issue during the final week of the election, fueling a charge made by his opponent, U.S. Senator John McCain, that Obama was a closet socialist.

</doc>
<doc id="19991107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991107" title="Renzo Sheput">
Renzo Sheput

Career.
Renzo Sheput started playing with Deportivo Zúñiga at the age of 7. He was promoted to the first team of the club which played in the Second Division. In 1998 he tried out for Sporting Cristal and was immediately signed. He started playing in the U-20 team for Sporting Cristal.
Due to his good performances with the U-20 team, head coach Juan Carlos Oblitas promoted him to the first team in the month of September, 1999. In 2001 he was loaned out to Union Minas for the first half of the year. He has also played for Universidad San Martín, Coronel Bolognesi FC, Alianza Atletico, Deportivo Municipal, La Equidad, and Juan Aurich.

</doc>
<doc id="19991108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991108" title="Trepan Records">
Trepan Records

Trepan Records is a pioneering independent English record label and promotions company, founded in London in 2007. It is notable for its regular showcase event "The Great Brain Robbery", a B-movie themed evening of live music, burlesque, and DJs, often featuring surprise guest spots and guerrilla gigs from some of London's foremost musicians.
Noteworthy performers have included Johnny Borrell of Razorlight, Florence and the Machine, Lily Allen, Mystery Jets, Ed Harcourt, Pete Doherty, Mick Jones formerly of The Clash, and Ronnie Wood of The Rolling Stones.
Trepan Records describes itself as "the label of the cranially connected - dedicated to drilling a hole in the side of the British music industry to expose our collective cortex". Its merchandise and advertising often eschews a logo or name favouring the slogan: "You Need This... Like A Hole in the Head'.'
To date Trepan Records has released three "Cranial Connections" compilation albums; a fourth was due to coincide with Easter 2008. 2009 saw the release the of Trepan's first 7" single.

</doc>
<doc id="19991127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991127" title="Healthline">
Healthline

Healthline Networks is a privately owned provider of health information and technology solutions for publishers, advertisers, employers, healthcare providers, and health plans. 
Overview.
Dr. James Norman, an endocrine specialist and Internet health education pioneer, originally founded the company in 1999 as YourDoctor.com. In 2005, the company was re-launched as Healthline Networks. Today, the company is headquartered in San Francisco, California. According to information retrieved from InsideView in 2013, Healthline Networks has over $21 Million in revenue and 105 employees. 
Deloitte ranked Healthline Networks as one of the top 500 fastest growing technology companies in North America in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. 
Investors in the privately held company include Aetna Ventures, LLC, Comcast Ventures, GE, Investor Growth Capital, Kaiser Permanente Ventures, Reed Elsevier Ventures, U.S. News & World Report, and VantagePoint Capital Partners. 
The company’s product suite consists of health search and navigation products (BodyMaps, HealthLinks, HealthAnswers), including clinical applications of these products (Symptom Search, Treatment Search, Doctor Search, Drug Search). The product suite also includes display, banner and rich media advertising services, and medical reference content.
Healthline.com.
Healthline Network’s content website, Healthline.com, is a top ten health information destination site. According to comScore, Healthline.com had over 3.3 million visitors in October 2013 and 7 million page views. The site is a significant competitor to WebMD. In 2009, Kim Komando, a technology columnist with USA Today, listed Healthline.com as a top health information website. 
In addition to Healthline.com, the company also provides health-related content, tools and services to more than 40 other sites. In 2010, Healthline Networks signed an agreement to provide medical and health-related content and tools to Yahoo Health Other partners include AARP.com and DoctorOz.com. Healthline Networks software also powers Aetna’s patient portal.
Products.
Healthline Taxonomy.
Healthline gathers source data from multiple industry-standard sources. It subscribes to and receives regular updates from these source data providers:
While these third party lists provide comprehensive medical source data, they require further vetting and organization. Healthline’s engineering team imports this massive, disparate collection of data (UMLS alone has more than 64 million records), and organizes the data into more manageable thematic groupings. The compressed data is screened to correct and/or eliminate redundant, inaccurate or incomplete terms. Following the incorporation of source data from the above mentioned sources, Healthline’s team of medical informaticians, clinicians and subject matter experts add other lists that cover health-relevant related and lifestyle topics such as diet, exercise, and supplements. Healthline employs professionals representing all major specialties in the health care industry to verify incoming information as well as perform scheduled updates that capture the latest information. Example: “Swine flu” normally might rank lower on the taxonomy’s disease listing based on Healthline’s criteria of longevity or incidence rate; however, when Healthline medical experts noticed increased traffic for swine flu, they mapped new synonyms (H1N1), and added symptoms, treatments, precautions, and their associated codes.
Healthline SymptomSearch.
Healthline SymptomSearch is a comprehensive tool with 1,000 diseases and conditions and 4,500 symptom choices. Unique features such as Guided Research, Filter Results, and Related Symptoms help users check the likely cause of their symptoms more quickly and accurately. Results include links to Healthline’s library of physician-reviewed articles, as well as to Healthline TreatmentSearch and Healthline DocSearch, enabling users to get more information about possible conditions, and take the next step in managing their health condition.
Healthline Provider Search.
The Healthline DocSearch application culls results from a database of 1.3 million health professionals—one of the largest databases on the web—including physicians, chiropractors, nurses, clinicians, and alternative practitioners to find the right care in their area. Healthline DocSearch can further refine results by a doctor’s length of experience, languages spoken, education, hospital affiliation, and even letters in a last name. A unique doctor-compare feature opens a window that lets users compare up to 20 different doctors.
Healthline HealthWeb.
Contextual health advertising network reaching over 33 million monthly users and over 30 of the largest health publishers. HealthSTAT, a contextual ad targeting technology, broadens condition-specific reach for health advertisers and improves monetization for publishers. The technology has the medical expertise to recognize and deliver ads against new health content in real time, enabling advertisers to dynamically deliver contextually relevant and/or condition-specific adjacency.
Healthline Navigator.
Healthline Navigator is an in-text content navigation tool that displays links to relevant content on a publisher's website as well as on other websites that the publisher chooses. Navigator's overlay window is activated by a user's mouse-over on specified health terms.

</doc>
<doc id="19991129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991129" title="Marc Warren (disambiguation)">
Marc Warren (disambiguation)

Marc Warren is an English television and film actor.
Marc Warren may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19991143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991143" title="PCCE">
PCCE

PCCE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19991146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991146" title="Ontario Landowners Association">
Ontario Landowners Association

The Ontario Landowners Association is an organization which seeks to protect property rights in Ontario, Canada. The OLA was formed "...to preserve and protect the rights of property owners and to enshrine property rights within the Constitution of Canada and the laws of the Province of Ontario." The organization seeks to cause laws and regulations, whether federal, provincial, or municipal, to be written so as to be more respectful of the rights of property owners. The Ontario Landowners Association is also researching and is promoting the Crown Grants/Letters Patent as a tool to aid in the protection of private property rights.
History.
The Ontario Landowners Association was founded in December 2005 by delegates from twelve pre-existing landowners groups representing different rural areas of the province. The groups had already been cooperating closely, and for the most part were modeled on the Lanark Landowners Association, which had been conducting demonstrations and other activities since early 2003. A parallel group, the Renfrew Landowners Association, had existed since 2000 and had started the slogan, “This Land is Our Land: Back off Government” that would be adopted by the Lanark Landowners and eventually by the OLA. But it was the Lanark group that first tried to move beyond purely local issues and to recreate itself in different parts of the province.
The Lanark Landowners had grown out of an effort to set up a group to advise Scott Reid, the MP for Lanark, on agricultural issues. An initial meeting in April 2003, with Reid present, was held at the kitchen table of Merle Bowes, a Carleton Place farmer. Randy Hillier, who would go on to serve as the first president of the Lanark Landowners, was also present at the meeting. Bowes later observed that no matter what farm-related issue was being discussed at the meeting, “All the problems pointed back to property rights and that got us going.” 
The Lanark Landowners’ first action, in May 2003, was a demonstration to protest a property standards by-law in the town of Mississippi Mills. The next month, the group conducted an illegal out-of-season deer hunt to draw attention to the refusal of the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources to permit farmers to cull deer who were eating their crops. Media were invited to the hunt and ministry officials were presented with a choice between three options: arresting the farmers, tolerating an ongoing violation of the law, or loosening the criteria for issuing out-of-season cull licences. Within weeks, the third option had been chosen, and the Landowners had won a high-profile victory.
This victory emboldened the group and Hillier rapidly built a high profile in the Ontario media, conducting increasingly large demonstrations in rural Ontario. The highest-profile demonstrations took place on Parliament Hill in Ottawa in April 2004, and in March 2005 in Toronto on front lawn of the Ontario Legislature. Future Prime Minister Stephen Harper attended the Ottawa rally and addressed the crowd, endorsing property rights.
Local groups modeled on the Lanark model grew up across Ontario over the next three years. By the time of the first convention of the Ontario Landowners Association in Belleville in February 2006, the combined membership of all the local groups was claimed by "The Landowner" (a magazine started by the Landowners in early 2006) to be over 8,000. Hillier was elected as the organization’s first president.
During its first years, the OLA sometimes engaged in acts that were seen by some to be in poor taste. For example, the group sent to Queen's Park a photograph of a bullet-riddled dead deer which had been tagged "Leona"—a reference to Leona Dombrowsky, who at the time was agriculture minister in Premier Dalton McGuinty’s cabinet. 
After the creation of the OLA in 2006, acts of civil disobedience mostly ended, and were replaced by attempts to influence the political system by more traditional means. Landowner-endorsed candidates ran for municipal office in many rural municipalities in the 2006 Ontario municipal elections. Hillier and other members of the OLA began to appear as witnesses before parliamentary hearings into issues affecting rural areas.
In January 2007, Hillier resigned as president of the OLA to seek the Progressive Conservative nomination in Lanark—Frontenac—Lennox and Addington the upcoming provincial election. Some members of the party suggested that Hillier's activist past made him an unsuitable candidate, and the "Toronto Star" speculated that the party might disqualify him, but in the end Hillier won the nomination and was elected to the legislature, where he currently serves. The presidency was taken over by Jack MacLaren, a farmer from rural Ottawa who had previously been a leader of the de-amalgamation movement calling for the re-establishment of the old Carleton County out of the four rural townships that had been amalgamated into the City of Ottawa in 2001.
By the summer of 2008, the OLA had expanded to 20 chapters, including one in Toronto, and had become a large enough movement to attract the attention of the Governor General’s Leadership Group, which arranged a meeting with the OLA in June.
"The Landowner" magazine.
The OLA publishes a magazine, "The Landowner". The first issue appeared early in 2006, and the magazine has been published every second month since that time. The magazine’s three areas of focus are stated on the front cover of every issue: “Rural people, rural politics, rural business.”
Under the heading “rural people”, the magazine includes lifestyle articles on such subjects as “Forgotten Foods” (which describes how to turn cattails, milkweed and acorns into delicacies), or on how to repair an old-fashioned wood cookstove. A regular feature is a column called “Blurbs on Herbs”, which advises on growing, storing and using edible and decorative herbs.
As part of its mandate to report on rural politics, "The Landowner" provides updates on the activities of the Landowner movement and also on issues that are important to the property right movement. Typical articles report on zoning laws, expensive water and land-use regulations, and editorials on bureaucratic tangles that make it difficult to farm, to sell home-made products at farmers’ markets, or to carry on independent business activities in rural areas.
Typical articles from the “rural business” part of the magazine include a discussion of whether it makes sense to install a biodigester on your farm to turn animal manure into methane which can be burned to generate electricity, and a regular update on the bait fishing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19991150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991150" title="Michel Richard Citronelle">
Michel Richard Citronelle

Michel Richard Citronelle is an American restaurant located in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. in the Latham Hotel. The chef and owner of Michel Richard Citronelle is Michel Richard, who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Outstanding Chef.
History.
Michel Richard opened the first Citronelle in the Santa Barbara Inn Hotel. Richard then went on to open Bistro M in San Francisco, and Citronelle in Baltimore and Philadelphia. In 1994, he opened Citronelle in The Latham Hotel in Washington, D.C.
Richard moved from Los Angeles to Washington, D.C. to head DC's Michel Richard Citronelle in 1998 after the restaurant received a major renovation. The restaurant was closed again for renovation due to water damage in July 2012, and in May 2013 Richard announced that it would not reopen.

</doc>
<doc id="19991172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991172" title="Württemberg A">
Württemberg A

Then locomotives of Württemberg Class A were express train steam locomotives operated by the Royal Württemberg State Railways. They were built from 1878 by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen engineering works.
In the mid-1860s the Württemberg State Railways turned away from the 4-4-0 American-influenced locomotives and went back to 2-4-0 locomotives, because they were cheaper to buy and maintain. They even converted some 4-4-0s to 2-4-0 engines. 
Because these locomotives had been built over many years, the individual engines differed from one another in certain details and, for example, the boiler pressure was increased from 10 to 12 bar. The engines had a tender of Class 2 T 10 and were recognisable by their large steam dome, that was located just behind the only slightly higher smokestack.
Two locomotives ended up in the final DRG renumbering plan of 1925 as the DRG Class 34.81. Number 34 8101 was the former 336, that in 1896 had been converted from a Württemberg Aa. Number 34 8102, formerly 363, was by contrast newly built in 1891. Both locomotives were retired in 1925. 

</doc>
<doc id="19991176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991176" title="Justin Hamilton (comedian)">
Justin Hamilton (comedian)

Justin Hamilton (aka "Hammo") is an Australian comedian, writer and radio host.
Early life.
Hamilton grew up in Adelaide, South Australia.
Career.
He is a standup performer who started his comedy career in Adelaide in 1994 as part of a duo called The Bunta Boys with school mate Doug. They wrote and performed songs such as 'Red Necked Boy' and 'I Wanna Be Hip'. The latter an inspired tribute to Rick Astley. Justin would regularly end up gyrating in an (often male) audience member's lap, or running across the stage without trousers. Both would attract much laughter. Justin appeared in the 1995 Adelaide Fringe parade as the second half of 'Buttman and Throbbin': a comedy crime fighter, wearing red fishnets and a yellow cape.
He has performed at the 'Sit'n'Spin' in Seattle and the prestigious 'Gershwin Room' in New York. Hamilton has been involved in shows at the Adelaide Fringe Festival since 1994. He has also been a regular at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival and its Roadshow, and been a support act for Wil Anderson's live stand up shows.
Television.
Hamilton has appeared on programs such as "The Glass House" and "The Librarians" (2010), and he made a small guest appearance in "Upper Middle Bogan", in Episode 4.
Radio.
Hamilton has been the regular movie reviewer for the Perth Mix FM Breakfast Show and is a regular guest on the Triple M radio program "Wil & Lehmo".
Currently he is a co-host of the Triple M Melbourne weekend radio program "Toast" with fellow comedians Charlie Pickering and Terri Psiakis.

</doc>
<doc id="19991180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991180" title="Ariel Red Hunter">
Ariel Red Hunter

The Ariel Red Hunter was the name used for a range of Ariel single-cylinder motorcycles. They were designed by the firm's chief designer Val Page in 1932 around an overhead-valve single-cylinder engine he developed six years earlier. Originally a 'sports' version of the Ariel 500, 250 and 350cc versions were developed and became popular with grass track and trials riders.
All Red Hunters had a distinctive dark red petrol and oil tanks which were painted in the former Bournbrook cinema opposite the main Ariel factory in Dawlish road. The engines were all run for two hours on a test bench to maintain Ariel's record of reliability and quality control.
The Red Hunter was a success and formed the backbone of the company, and made Ariel able to purchase Triumph. On the 500cc, acceleration from 0-60mph could be made in 10.9 seconds, while stopping from 25mph could be made under 24 feet.
Edward Turner developed the design further with added chrome and it became a popular touring road bike. Handling was improved by the addition of rear suspension and telescopic forks and it gained an alloy cylinder head from the 1950s.
Champion Sammy Miller had great success with a 500cc Red Hunter from 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19991189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991189" title="Walter Knight-Adkin">
Walter Knight-Adkin

The Very Rev Walter Kenrick Knight-Adkin CB OBE DL (17 August 1880 – 24 May 1957) was an eminent Anglican priest in the first half of the 20th Century.
Born in Cheltenham, Knight-Adkin was educated at Cheltenham College and St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He did his pastoral training at Wells Theological College. Ordained in Jun 1908 at St Paul's Cathedral in London, he was a Curate at Kentish Town before commencing a long period of service as a Chaplain with the Royal Navy rising to become "Chaplain of the Fleet" from 1929 to 1933, after which he was Dean of Gibraltar. Evacuated to England in 1941 due to illness, he became civilian Vicar of Sparkwell then Chaplain to the Lord Mayor of Bristol at St Mark`s Church, College Green.
He was awarded the OBE in 1919 and appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1932. On 25 January 1929 he was appointed as Honorary Chaplain to HM King George V. He was an Honorary Canon of Bristol Cathedral and was Deputy Lieutenant of Gloucester and of Bristol.
Family.
Knight-Adkin was the second son of the Rev Harry Kenrick Knight-Adkin (1851–1928) and Georgina Elizabeth Knight (1849–1930). He was born in Cheltenham on 17 August 1880.
He married Elizabeth Cuff Napier (1891–1984) at St. Andrew's-by-the-Green, Glasgow on 20 December 1915. His bride was the daughter of Colonel Alexander Napier RAMC. They had one child, Peter Napier Knight-Adkin, who died at Portsmouth in 1918.
Walter died at his home at 17 Miles Road, Bristol on 24 May 1957. His wife was to live a further 27 years.
His elder brother was the war poet James Harry Knight-Adkin. His younger brother, Frederick John Knight-Adkin, after a period working as a journalist and author in New York, emigrated to Argentina where he became a successful cattle rancher. He had two sisters, Georgina Noel Knight-Adkin, a photographer in Bristol, and Violet Doris Knight-Adkin who died at the age of 19.

</doc>
<doc id="19991194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991194" title="Giv Gud en chance om søndagen">
Giv Gud en chance om søndagen

Giv Gud en chance om søndagen is a 1970 Danish film. The title is Danish for "Give God a chance on Sunday".
It stars Ulf Pilgaard, Ove Sprogøe and Lotte Tarp. 

</doc>
<doc id="19991204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991204" title="XHRCG-TV">
XHRCG-TV

XHRCG-TV also known as Siete Saltillo is a television station located in Saltillo, Coahuila, Mexico. The station obtains its programming from Televisa's four networks and also produces local news and programming and is considered a Televisa local station. Siete Saltillo is relayed to a repeater XHCAW-TV in Ciudad Acuña, Coahuila and some cable systems in Coahuila.
Grupo Empresarial RCG also operates a chain of AM and FM radio stations in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19991212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991212" title="Fogo Seamounts">
Fogo Seamounts

The Fogo Seamounts, also called the Fogo Seamount chain, are a group of seamounts located about offshore of Newfoundland and southwest of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland. They consist of basaltic submarine volcanoes that formed during the Early Cretaceous period.
The volcanic activity that formed the Fogo Seamounts could have originated in two ways. They may have formed as a result of magma rising along a linear fault zone or from the North American Plate passing over the Canary or Azores hotspots.

</doc>
<doc id="19991213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991213" title="Maclaren Cemetery">
Maclaren Cemetery

Maclaren Cemetery is a small cemetery in the town of Wakefield, Quebec and the final resting place for Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson. Established near the 1870s, the cemetery is located in the clearing below the hills bordering the Gatineau River and is the resting place for Scottish settlers in the area.
Other buried here include:

</doc>
<doc id="19991237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991237" title="Pádraig Ó Fiannachta">
Pádraig Ó Fiannachta

Pádraig Ó Fiannachta is a renowned Irish language scholar, poet and priest, born in the Kerry Gaeltacht in 1927. He studied at Maynooth, University College Cork and All Hallows, Clonliffe College. He was ordained a priest in 1953. He spent some time in Wales prior to returning to Maynooth College where he became professor of early Irish in 1960 as well as Welsh Language lecturer. He was made professor of Modern Irish at Maynooth in 1982. He was awarded the Douglas Hyde prize for literature in 1969.
He translated and edited an Irish language version of the Bible - An Bíobla Naofa which was published in 1982.
He retired from Maynooth in 1992, returning to Dingle as parish priest. In 1998 he was awarded the title Monsignor by Pope John Paul II. In 2013, he was made a Companion of the Order of Clans of Ireland. He is involved in many Dingle events such as "the blessing of the boats" and participated in the "Dingle/Daingean Uí Chúis" name change debate.

</doc>
<doc id="19991241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991241" title="Hansson III Cabinet">
Hansson III Cabinet

The third cabinet of Per Albin Hansson was the cabinet of Sweden between 13 December 1939 and 31 July 1945. It consisted of members from the Social Democratic Party, the Farmers' League, the People's Party and the National Organization of the Right.
It was a grand coalition formed for reasons of national stability during World War II, and its constituent parties represented 219 out of the 230 seats in the Parliament of Sweden since the 1936 general election. Two parties of the 1936–1940 parliament were kept out of the government, the pro-Soviet Communist Party and the Socialist Party, which veered between Communist and Nazi positions, and lost its parliamentary representation in 1940. After the 1940 general election, the government represented 227 out of the 230 seats in parliament, and after 1944 general election, 215 out of 230.
After the end of World War II, the coalition government was dissolved on 31 July 1945, and was replaced by a government consisting only of social democrat ministers, as this party held 115 out of 230 seats in parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19991242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991242" title="Nikolaos Tselementes">
Nikolaos Tselementes

Nikólaos Tselementés (Νικόλαος Τσελεμεντές) (1878 – 2 March 1958) was a Greek chef of the early 20th century. He is considered one of the most influential cookery writers of modern Greece.
He was born in Exampela, a village on the island of Sifnos and grew up in Athens, where he finished High School. At first, he worked as a notary clerk, then he started cooking, working at his father's and uncle's restaurant.
He studied cooking for a year in Vienna and, on his return to Greece worked for various embassies. He became initially known with the magazine "Cooking Guide" (Odigos Mageirikis) that he began publishing in 1910, which included – in addition to recipes – nutritional advice, international cuisine, cooking news, etc.
In 1919, he became manager of hotel "Hermes", while the next year he left for America, where he worked in some of the more expensive restaurants of the world, while also following higher studies in cooking, confectionery and dietetics. In 1920, he published the influential cookbook, "Cooking and Patisserie Guide".
He returned to Greece in 1932, founded a small cooking and confectionery school and brought out his well known book of recipes, which, being the first complete cookbook in Greek, had over fifteen official reprints during the following decades. In 1950, he published his only book in English, "Greek Cookery".
Influenced by French cuisine, he had been the moderniser of Greek cuisine, as, thanks to him the Greek housewives learned of Béchamel sauce, Pirozhki and Bouillabaisse. This, according to some, was equal to bastardization of the Greek cuisine with European elements. His name (Tselementés) is today in Greece a synonym of "cookbook", and is also used in jest about someone who can cook very well.
References.
Translated from Νικόλαος Τσελεμεντές in the Greek Wikipedia

</doc>
<doc id="19991258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991258" title="Sociology of space">
Sociology of space

The sociology of space is a sub-discipline of sociology that examines the social and material constitution of spaces. It is concerned with understanding the social practices, institutional forces, and material complexity of how humans and spaces interact. The sociology of space is an inter-disciplinary area of study, drawing on various theoretical traditions including Marxism, postcolonialism, and Science and Technology Studies, and overlaps with various academic disciplines such as geography and architecture.
Definition of space.
Space is one of most important concepts within the disciplines of social science as it is fundamental to our understanding of geography. The term "space" has been defined variously by scholars:
In general terms,the Oxford English Dictionary defines space in two ways;
1. A continuous extension viewed with or without reference to the existence of objects within it. 
2. The interval between points or objects viewed as having one, two or three dimensions.
However, the human geographers’ interest is in the objects within the space and their relative position, which involves the description, explanation and prediction of the distribution of phenomena. Thus, the relationships between objects in space is the central of the study.
Michel Foucault defines space as;
“The space in which we live, which draws us out of ourselves, in which the erosion of our lives, our time and our history occurs, the space that claws and gnaws at us, is also, in itself, a heterogeneous space…..we live inside a set of relations.
Nigel Thrift also defines space as;
"The outcome of a series of highly problematic temporary settlements that divide and connect things up into different kinds of collectives which are slowly provided with the meaning which render them durable and sustainable." 
In short, "space" is the social space in which we live and create relationship with other people, societies and surroundings. Space is an outcome of the hard and continuous work of building up and maintaining collectives by bringing different things into alignments. All kinds of different spaces can and therefore do exist which may or may not relate to each other. Thus, through space, we can understand more about social action.
History of the sociology of space.
Georg Simmel has been seen as the classical sociologist who was most important to this field. Simmel wrote on "the sociology of space" in his 1908 book "Sociology: Investigations on the Forms of Sociation". His concerns included the process of metropolitanisation and the separation of leisure spaces in modern economic societies.
The category of space long played a subordinate role in sociological theory formation. Only in the late 1980s did it come to be realised that certain changes in society cannot be adequately explained without taking greater account of the spatial components of life. This shift in perspective is referred to as the topological turn. The space concept directs attention to organisational forms of juxtaposition. The focus is on differences between places and their mutual influence. This applies equally for the micro-spaces of everyday life and the macro-spaces at the nation-state or global levels.
The theoretical basis for the growing interest of the social sciences in space was set primarily by English and French-speaking sociologists, philosophers, and human geographers. Of particular importance is Michel Foucault’s essay on “Of Other Spaces”, in which the author proclaims the “age of space”, and Henri Lefebvre’s seminal work “La production de l’espace”. The latter provided the grounding for Marxist spatial theory on which David Harvey, Manuel Castells, Edward Soja, and others have built. Marxist theories of space, which are predicated on a structural, i.e., capitalist or global determinacy of spaces and the growing homogenization of space, are confronted by action theoretical conceptions, which stress the importance of the corporeal placing and the perception of spaces as albeit habitually predetermined but subjective constructions. One example is the theory of space of the German sociologist Martina Löw. Approaches deriving from the post-colonialism discourse have attracted greater attention in recent years. Also in contrast to (neo)Marxist concepts of space, British geographer Doreen Massey and German sociologist Helmuth Berking, for instance, emphasise the heterogeneity of local contexts and the place-relatedness of our knowledge about the world.
Duality of space.
Martina Löw developed the idea of a "relational" model of space, which focuses on the “orderings” of living entities and social goods, and examines how space is constituted in processes of perception, recall, or ideation to manifest itself as societal structure. From a social theory point of view, it follows on from the theory of structuration proposed by Anthony Giddens, whose concept of the “duality of structure” Löw extends sociological terms into a “duality of space.” The basic idea is that individuals act as social agents (and constitute spaces in the process), but that their action depends on economic, legal, social, cultural, and, finally, spatial structures. Spaces are hence the outcome of action. At the same time, spaces structure action, that is to say spaces can both constrain and enable action.
With respect to the constitution of space, Löw distinguishes analytically between two, generally mutually determining factors: “spacing” and “synthesis.” Spacing refers to the act of placing or the state of being placed of social goods and people in places. According to Löw, however, an ordering created through placings is only effectively constituted as space where the elements that compose it are actively interlinked by people – in processes of perception, ideation, or recall. Löw calls this synthesis. This concept has been empirically tested in studies such as those by Lars Meier (who examined the constitution of space in the everyday life of financial managers in London and Singapore), Cedric Janowicz (who carried out an ethnographical-space sociological study of food supply in the Ghanaian city of Accra), and Silke Steets (who looked at processes of space constitution in the creative industries in Leipzig).
Marxist approaches.
The most important proponent of Marxist spatial theory was Henri Lefebvre. He proposed "social space" to be where the relations of production are reproduced and that dialectical contradictions were spacial rather than temporal. Lefèbvre sees the societal production of space as a dialectical interaction between three factors. Space is constituted:
In Lefebvre’s view of the 1970s, this spatial production resulted in a space of non-reflexive everydayness marked by alienation, dominating through mathematical-abstract concepts of space, and reproduced in spatial practice. Lefebvre sees a line of flight from alienated spatiality in the spaces of representation – in notions of non-alienated, mythical, pre-modern, or artistic visions of space.
Marxist spatial theory was given decisive new impetus by David Harvey, in particular, who was interested in the effects of the transition from Fordism to “flexible accumulation” on the experience of space and time. He shows how various innovations at the economic and technological levels have breached the crisis-prone inflexibility of the Fordist system, thus increasing the turnover rate of capital. This causes a general acceleration of economic cycles. According to Harvey, the result is “time-space compression.” While the feeling for the long term, for the future, for continuity is lost, the relationship between proximity and distance becomes more and more difficult to determine.
Postcolonial theories of space.
Theories of space that are inspired by the post-colonialism discourse focus on the heterogeneity of spaces. According to Doreen Massey, calling a country in Africa a “developing country” is not appropriate, since this expression implies that spatial difference is temporal difference (Massey 1999b). This logic treats such a country not as different but merely as an early version of countries in the “developed” world, a view she condemns as "Eurocentrism." In this vein, Helmuth Berking criticises theories that postulate the increasing homogenisation of the world through globalisation as “globocentrism.” He confronts this with the distinctiveness and importance of local knowledge resources for the production of (different and specific) places. He claims that local contexts form a sort of framework or filter through which global processes and globally circulating images and symbols are appropriated, thus attaining meaning. For instance, the film character Conan the Barbarian is a different figure in radical rightwing circles in Germany than in the black ghettoes of the Chicago Southside, just as McDonald’s means something different in Moscow than in Paris.
Third Space.
Henri Lefebvre says that (social) space is a (social) product, or a complex social construction (based on values, and the social production of meanings) which affects spatial practices and perceptions. He explains space embraces a multitude of intersection in his great book, “Production of Space”. That means that we need to consider how the various modes of spatial production relate to each other.
He argues that there are three aspects to our spatial existence, which exist in a kind of triad:
1. First Space
"The spatial practice of a society secretes that society's space; it propounds and presupposes it, in a dialectical interaction; it produces it slowly and surely as it masters and appropriates it."
2. Second Space
"Conceptualized space, the space of scientists, planners, urbanists, technocratic subdividers and social engineers, as of a certain type of artist with a scientific bent -- all of whom identify what is lived and what is perceived with what is conceived."
3. Third Space
"Space as directly lived through its associated images and symbols."
Even though there are many disciplines in the study of Human Geography, the most well-known approach is “The third space” formulated by Edward Soja. In unitary theory, there are three approaches; first space, second space and third space. First space is physical space, and spaces are measurable and mappable. The second space is a mental or conceived space which comes from our thinking and ideas. However, the third space is a social space/lived space which is a social product that is a space created by society under oppression or marginalization that want to reclaim the space of inequality and make it into something else. Soja argues that our old ways to thinking about space (first and second space theories) can no longer accommodate the way the world works because he believed that spaces may not be contained within one social category, they may include different aspects of many categories or developed within the boundaries of a numbers of category. For instance, two different cultures combine together and emerge as a third culture. This third hybrid space displaces the original values that constitute it and set up new values and perspectives that is different from the first two spaces. Thus, the third space theory can explain some of the complexity of poverty, social exclusion and social inclusion, gender and race issues.
Rational view of space.
In the work of Nigel Thrift, he wrote a rational view of space in which, rather than seeing space being viewed as a container within which the world proceeds, space should be seen as a co-product of these proceedings. He explained about four constructed space in modern human geography. 
There are four different kinds of space according to how modern geography thinks about space. They are 1. Empirical Construction of Space, 2. Unblocking space, 3. Image space and 4. Place Space.
First Space is the empirical construction of space. Empirical space refers to the process whereby the mundane fabric of daily life is constructed. These simple things like, cars, houses, mobiles, computers and roads are very simple but they are great achievements of our daily life and they play very important role in making up who we are today. For example, today’s technology such as GPS did not suddenly come into existence; in fact, it is laid down in the 18th century and developed throughout time. The first space is real and tangible, and it is also known as physical space.
Second space is the unblocking space. This type of space refers to the process whereby routine pathways of interaction as set up around which boundaries are often drawn. The routine may include the movement of office workers, the interaction of drunk teenagers, and the flow of good, money, people, and information. Unlike the old time in geography when people accepted a space as blocked boundary (Example: A capitalist space, neoliberal space or city space), we began to realize that there is no such thing like boundaries in space. The space of the world is flowing and transforming continuously that it is very difficult to describe in a fixed way. The second space is ideology/conceptual and it is also known as mental space. For example, the second space will explain the behaviors of people from different social class and the social segregation among rich and poor people. 
Third space is the image space that refers to the process whereby the images has produced new kind of space. The images may be in different form and shape; ranging from painting to photograph, from portrait to post card, and from religious theme to entertainment. Nowadays, we are highly influenced by images in many ways and these certain images can tell us new social and cultures values, or something new about how we see the world. Images, symbols and sign do have some kind of spatial expression. 
Fourth space is the place that refers to the process whereby spaces are ordered in ways that open up affective and other embodied potentials. Place space has more meaning than a place and it can represent as different type of space. This fourth type of space tries to understand that place is a vital actor in bring up people lives in certain ways and place will let us to understand all kind of things which are hidden form us..
Scale: the local and the global.
Andrew Herod mentioned that scale, within human geography, is typically seen in one of the two ways: either as a real material thing which actually exists and is the result of political struggle and/or social process, or as a way of framing our understanding of the world. People’s lives across the globe have been re-scaling by contemporary economic, political, cultural and social processes, such as globalization, in complex ways. As a result, we have seen the creation of supra-national political bodies such as the European Union, the devolution of political power from the nation-state to regional political bodies. We have also experienced the increasing homogenization and ‘Americanization’ through the process of globalization while the locals’ tendencies (or counter force)among people who defend traditional ways of life increase around the world .The process of re-scaling people‘s lives and the relationship between the two extremes of our scaled lives- the ‘global’ and the ‘local’ were brought into question.
Ontological status of the global and the local.
Until 1980s, theorizing the concept of ‘scale’ itself was taken for granted although physical and human geographers looked at issues from ‘regional scale’ or‘national scale’. The questions such as whether scale is simply a mental device categorizing and ordering the world or whether scales really exists as material social products, particularly, were debated among materialists and idealists. Some geographers draw upon Immanuel Kant’s idealist philosophy that scales were handy conceptual mechanism for ordering the world while others, by drawing upon Marxist ideas of materialism, argue that scales really exist in the world and they were the real social products. For those idealists based on Kantian‘s inspiration, the ‘global’ is defined by the geologically given limits of the earth and the ‘local’ is defined as a spatial resolution useful for comprehending the process and practices. For materialists, the ‘national’ scale is a scale that had to be actively created through economic and political processes but not a scale existed in a logical hierarchy between global and the regional.
The notion of ‘becoming’ and the focus on the politics of producing scales have been central to materialist arguments concerning the global scale. It is important to recognize that social actors may have to work just as hard to become ‘local’as they have to work to become ‘global’. People paid attention to how transnational corporations have ‘gone global’, how institutions of governance have‘become’ supra-national and how labour unions have sought to ‘globalize’ their operations to match those of an increasingly ‘globalized’ city. 
For the scale ‘global’ and ‘local’, Kevin Cox mentioned that moving from the local to the global scale ‘is not a movement from one discrete arena to another’ but a process of developing networks of associations that allow actors to shift between various spaces of engagement. According to his view, ‘scale’ is seen as a process rather than as a fixed entity and, in other words, the global and the local are not static ’arenas’within which social life plays out but are constantly made by social actions.For example, a political organization might attempt to go ‘global’ to engage with actors or opportunities outside of its own space; likewise, a transnational corporation may attempt to ‘go local’ through tailoring its products and operations in different places.
Discourses of the global and the local.
Gibson Graham (2002) has identified at least six ways in which the relationship between the local and the global is often viewed.
1. The global and the local are seen as interpretive frames for analyzing situations
2. Drawing on Dirlik, Gibson Graham suggests that in such a representation, the global is ‘something more than the national or regional ..anything other than the local’. Meaning that, the global and the local each derive meaning from what they are not.
3. According to French social theorist Bruno Latour, the local and the global ‘offer different points of view on networks that are by nature neither local nor global, but are more or less long and more or less connected. Also, in Latour’s view, it is impossible to distinguish where the local ends and the global begins.
4. The concept ‘The global is local’ was proposed by Gibon Graham. For instance, multinational firms are actually ‘multi local‘ rather than ‘global’.
5. The local is global. In this view,the local is an entry point to the world of global flows which encircle the planet.
6. The global and the local are actually the processes rather than the locations. All spaces are the hybrids of global and local; so they are ‘glocal.’
There are some western thoughts that greater size and extensiveness imply domination and superior power, such that the local is often represented as ‘small and relatively powerless, defined and confined by the global’. So, the global is a force and the local is its field of play. However, the local can serve as a powerful scale of political organization; the global is not a scale just controlled by capital – those who challenge capital can also organize globally( Herod, A). There has been the concept ‘Think globally and act locally’ viewed by neoliberals.
Metaphors of scale.
For representing how the world is scaled, there are five different and popular metaphors: they are the ladder, concentric circles, Matryoshka nesting dolls,earthworm burrows and tree roots. First, in using such a metaphor of hierarchical ladder, the global as the highest rung on the ladder is seen to be above the local and all other scales. Second, the use of concentric metaphor leaves us with a particular way of conceptualizing the scalar relationship between places. In this second metaphor, the local is seen as a relatively small circle, with the regional as a larger circle encompassing it, while the national and the global scales are still larger circles encompassing the local and the regional. For the hierarchy of Russian Matryoshka nesting dolls, the global can contain other scales but this does not work the other way round; for instance, the local cannot contain the global. For the fourth metaphor concerning with thinking on scale, what French social theorist Bruno Latour argued is that a world of places is ‘networked’ together. Such the metaphor leaves us with an image of scale in which the global and the local are connected together and not totally separated from each other.  For the tree roots metaphor similar with the earthworm burrow metaphor, as the earthworm burrows or tree roots penetrating different strata of the soil, it is difficult to determine exactly where one scale ends and another begins. When thinking about the use of metaphor, it should be aware that the choice of metaphor over another is not made on the basis of which is empirically a ‘more accurate’representation of something but, on the basis of how someone is attempting to understand a particular phenomenon.
Such an appreciation of metaphors is important because it suggests that how we talk about scale impacts upon the ways in which we engage socially and politically with our scaled world and that may impact on how we conduct our social,economic and political praxis and so make landscapes ( Herod,A )

</doc>
<doc id="19991266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991266" title="Clive Ng">
Clive Ng

Clive Ng is a media sector financier and executive. He has focused primarily on Asian business opportunities and has been instrumental in several joint-venture partnerships between American companies and Asian firms, particularly during the Internet and e-commerce boom of the late 90s and early 2000s. He has also been a founding shareholder in Asian new media firms such as MTV Japan and E*TRADE Asia.
Career.
Ng's work in Asian media began in the mid-1990s, as a proliferation of satellite space and a spate of programming piracy during this time inspired huge efforts by many mass media firms, most notably Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., to develop presences in Asian media markets.
Wilton Group, PLC.
Working as deputy chairman of Wilton Group, PLC, a former consumer goods distribution firm based in London, UK, that transitioned to media and entertainment investment and finance, Ng spearheaded the company's entry into Asian media markets.
In a 1994 joint-venture partnership with Hong Kong–based Shaw Brothers Ltd (formerly Shaw Media Corp. and owners of Shaw Brothers Studio, Hong Kong's largest film production company), Ng's Wilton team financed the establishment of a Chinese-language satellite television channel for Chinese-speaking communities in Europe called Chinese Channel. It was the first European network of its kind, broadcasting programs primarily produced by Hong Kong Television Broadcasting Ltd, the world's largest Chinese-language entertainment producer at the time.
Later in 1994, Ng acquired for Wilton a 20% stake in the Asian interests of Denver-based cable television operator United International Holdings (now Liberty Global), with which Ng had worked previously while managing a Denver investment fund. He then set up a joint venture between UIH and United Artists Theatres, then the United States’ largest movie theatre operator, to open a series of cineplexes in key cities in Asia. The first was in the Bugis Junction shopping mall in Singapore, followed by six other locations.
Pacific Media, PLC.
In the late 90s, Wilton Group became Pacific Media, PLC. Ng was appointed CEO in 1999, when the company was experiencing a period of financial turmoil. Soon after his appointment as CEO, Ng negotiated an investment deal with Hong Kong Supernet, an Asian Internet provider, that precipitated a 1.89m HKP surge in pre-tax profits, greatly bolstering the financial health and reputation of the company.
Upon being named CEO, Ng transformed Pacific Media into a "shell" company and used it to invest in new Asian Internet ventures beginning in 2000. He secured financing from American investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston, and set forth a £70 million plan.
Asiacontent.com.
One major result of these "shell" investments was the acquisition of internet company Asiacontent.com, which went public during the bursting of the dot-com bubble in April 2000 to become one of the first Asian initial public offerings to be listed on NASDAQ.
Prior to going public, in January 2000, Ng, with funding from Goldman Sachs, led Asiacontent into a joint venture with NBC Internet Inc (or NBCi), then the Internet arm of the American television network NBC, to create a series of websites in South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Taiwan that would combine search engine functionality, news feeds and shopping links into sites similar to those of Yahoo!, the worldwide leader at the time. This came on the heels of similar successful NBCi ventures in Italy and France.
Under Ng's tenure as Chairman of Asiacontent, the company also entered into many other major joint ventures in Asian media markets, and Asiacontent soon became the largest distributor of global content in Asia.
Among the partnerships were:
Toward the end of 2000, amid the souring tech economy, Ng and Asiacontent Chief Executive Chris Justice expanded the company with an Internet solutions arm called Asiacontent Solutions, which offered web development and content management services for the Asian web presences of companies such as Sun Microsystems, Hachette Filipacchi, and L'Oréal.
In the years after the bursting of the dot-com bubble and ensuing stock market turmoil, Pacific Media soon became financially troubled. Media firm MediaXposure then invested $20 million in the flagging company in 2003 to keep it operational through the first quarter of 2004. In late 2006, after Pacific Media had regained its financial stability, Ng resigned from Pacific Media's Board of Directors to pursue other interests.
8 Holdings.
After leaving Pacific Media, Ng formed his own investment holding company, 8 Holdings, which specialized in mergers and acquisitions of Asian media companies. In 8 Holdings' largest deal, Ng joined in 2005 with Harlan Kleiman, former head of programming for US cable television network HBO, to coordinate investors in the acquisition of Chinese television advertising company China Media Network by Metaphor Corp. Ng was named CEO of Metaphor Corp. as part of the acquisition.
Investment in Feature Films.
Ng has also invested in major motion pictures directed by Oliver Stone, including 1993's "Heaven & Earth", the final in Stone's trilogy of films focused on the Vietnam War; and 1994's "Natural Born Killers".
Fashion Networks International LLC.
In 2009, Ng became Chairman and principle shareholder of Fashion Networks International LLC, a digital media channel consisting of a network of fashion related websites and blogs. Fashion Networks’ properties include NowManifest, Freshnet, and BlogLovin. NowManifest, a curated blog portal, boasts bloggers Anna Dello Russo, editor at large and creative consultant for Vogue Japan, Bryan Grey Yambao, and Derek Blasberg.
Fashion Networks International was acquired by Fairchild Fashion Media in May 2012.
China Broadband, Inc. and YOU On Demand (CBBD.OB).
Ng was a founding partner and served as Executive Chairman of China Broadband, Inc., now known as YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:YOD), a national pay-per-view and video-on-demand platform in the People’s Republic of China. China Broadband, Inc.’s common stock gained approval for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board on December 20, 2007 and changed its name to YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc. in February 2011.
YOU On Demand is the first of its kind in China, offering high quality movies to customers across the country through its Near Video On Demand (NVOD), Video On Demand (VOD) and Subscription Video On Demand (SVOD) services. Through its subsidiaries the Company engages in value-added services for cable providers, cable broadband, and publishing businesses in China. YOU On Demand is headquartered in New York, NY, with its China headquarters in Beijing.
Ng resigned from his post in 2010 to pursue other endeavors.
China Cablecom.
Clive Ng is Founder and Executive Chairman of China Cablecom Holdings, a joint-venture provider of cable television services in the People’s Republic of China. The Company was founded in October 2006 and was approved for listing onto the NASDAQ Capital Markets on July 30, 2008.
In September 2007, China Cablecom gained operating rights of the Binzhou Broadcasting network in Binzhou, Shandong Province. China Cablecom entered into a series of asset purchase and services agreements with a company organized by State Owned Enterprises (“SOE”), owned directly or indirectly by local branches of China’s State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television (“SARFT”), in five different municipalities to serve as a holding company of the relevant businesses.
Pursuant to the terms of an agreement and plan of merger, Jaguar, a special purpose acquisition company merged with and into China Cablecom Holdings, Ltd., its wholly owned British Virgin Islands subsidiary, for the purpose of re-domesticating Jaguar to the British Virgin Islands on April 9, 2008. This merger was the first of its kind for a US public company. 
In May 2008, China Cablecom issued convertible notes with a principal value of $43,175,000 along with 1,524,994 shares of ordinary shares to a number of investors. China Cablecom also announced its achievement of “Foreign Private Issuer” status, for purposes of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the company declared its entrance into a framework agreement with Hubei Chutian Broadcasting and Television Networks Co., Ltd., a local state-owned enterprise owned by the Hubei branches of SARFT. This act established a cable TV operation joint venture. 
On June 18, 2008, China Cablecom announced the completion of the first phase, of its framework agreement with Hubei Chutian Broadcasting and Television Networks Co., Ltd., to acquire a 60 percent economic interest in Hubei Chutian Video & Information Network. This consummation secured over 800,000 additional paying subscribers for China Cablecom. Phase two would represent an additional 800,000 paying subscribers and is pending further due diligence and execution of definitive agreements. 
On October 9, 2009, the Company underwent comprehensive restructuring of its outstanding debt obligations with holders of its Hubei assets and of its debt securities and majority holders of its ordinary shares. The restructuring strengthened the Company's balance sheet by reducing the overall principal amount of its long-term debt obligations and eliminated cash interest obligations on the new debt securities issued in exchange for its outstanding notes. Simultaneous to the restructuring, China Cablecom announced placement of $33 million in senior secured notes used to satisfy the Company’s remaining obligations to the Hubei SOE under its amended framework agreement.
On April 3, 2012, the Company reported that, as per its previous announcement, the Company's joint venture partner Hubei Chutian Radio & Television Information Network Company Limited ("Hubei SOE") has agreed to purchase its Hubei assets for a total of RMB 374 million. The Company is pleased to announce today that it has received the first payment of RMB 50 million.
In accordance to the terms of the agreement, the Company has signed a JV Termination agreement with Hubei Chutian Shi Xun Network Company Limited ("Hubei JV"). 
The company has announced that it will use proceeds of the sale to reduce the Company's outstanding debt and any excess proceeds will be used to increase shareholder value going forward.
On October 20, 2011, the Company announced that it had received an offer from its joint venture partners to purchase its assets in Hubei. The acceptance by China Cablecom for the offer was mandated by the State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television (SARFT) and made in compliance with provincial regulatory policies.
On Nov 15, 2012, China Cablecom Holdings, Ltd. ("China Cablecom" or the "Company") ( OTCBB : CABLF ) announced that it has completed the redemption on the Company's principal note obligations. The notes paid in full include $19.1 million in senior secured, $16.2 million in junior secured, and $4.2 million in unsecured notes.
The Board was pleased with the conclusion of the redemption and feel that their job as board members has been fulfilled upon the repayment of its notes. As a result, the Company announced the resignation of three of its Board members effective immediately. Mr. Robi Hartman, Mr. David Kratochvil, and Mr. Jacob Weiss have agreed to step down following the liquidation of China Cablecom's Hubei assets.
"The Company appreciates the contributions made by Mr. Hartman, Mr. Kratochvil, and Mr. Weiss," says Pu Yue, Chief Executive Officer of China Cablecom. "They have individually served the Board with invaluable and insightful guidance and we wish them the best in their future success."

</doc>
<doc id="19991271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991271" title="2008–09 Skeleton World Cup">
2008–09 Skeleton World Cup

The 2008–09 Skeleton World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for skeleton. The season started on November 28, 2008 in Winterberg and will end on February 12, 2009 in Park City, Utah. The World Cup is organised by the FIBT who also run world cups and championships in bobsleigh.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19991296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991296" title="Amaozara">
Amaozara

Amaozara is a village located in Afikpo in Ebonyi state, Nigeria. It is made up of four compounds: Ezi Ukwu, Ezi Egwu, Ezi Okoro and Ezi Uhu.
Geography.
Amaozara has the largest land mass in Afikpo. Most of the inhabitants are farmers, traders, civil servants and bricklayers. The village has spring waters, stream water, as well as the river Enyium. The geography of the land is very diverse, with hills, lakes, forests, ponds and a river.
Culture and Economy.
Most of the indigenous are Christians and few are traditional worshippers. The village has a primary school. The village has its own calendar and market days (Eke, Orie, Afor, Nkwo). Eke market day is the major market day in Afikpo. The headquarters of Afikpo NorthEast Development center is located in Amaozara village. Amaozarans take part in traditional activities, such as traditional wrestles (NGBA), New yam festival (Ike JI) and the Okrchi festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19991299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991299" title="Olainfarm">
Olainfarm

AS Olainfarm () is a Latvian company listed on the Riga OMX exchange with production of pharmaceutical drugs,chemical ingredients and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Products of JSC Olainfarm are exported to more than 35 countries, including the Baltic States, Russia, other CIS countries, Scandinavian, Western European and Asian countries, as well as North America and Australia.
The Company was founded in 1972 as state enterprise “Olaines ķīmiski – farmaceitiskā rūpnīca” (Olaine Chemical-Pharmaceutical Plant). The main goal of founding the Company was to ensure pharmaceutical substances and semiproducts to several finished drug form manufacturing plants in the Soviet Union. As a result of privatization in 1997, the Company was reorganized into a joint stock company and its shares were listed on stock exchange. Starting from 1 December 2006, shares of JSC Olainfarm are listed in the Main List of stock exchange NASDAQ OMX Riga.
In 2012, Olainfarm had a turnover of € 75,2 million with a profit of € 13,8 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="19991302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991302" title="Royal Rifles of Canada">
Royal Rifles of Canada

The Royal Rifles of Canada was a rifle regiment in the Canadian Army and fought alongside the Winnipeg Grenadiers in the Battle of Hong Kong during World War II.
Lineage.
The Royal Rifles of Canada originated in Quebec City, Quebec on 28 February 1862, when The 8th Battalion Volunteer Militia Rifles, Canada was authorized. It was redesignated the 8th or Stadacona Volunteer Militia Rifles on 28 March 1862; the 8th Battalion "Royal Rifles" on 6 April 1877; the 8th Regiment "Royal Rifles" on 8 May 1900; The Royal Rifles of Canada on 29 March 1920; the 2nd (Reserve) Battalion, The Royal Rifles of Canada on 7 November 1940 and The Royal Rifles of Canada on 1 June 1945. On 22 February 1965, it was amalgamated with Les Voltigeurs de Québec. On 1 November 1966, these two regiments ceased to be amalgamated and the regiment was reduced to nil strength and transferred to the Supplementary Order of Battle.
The Sherbrooke Hussars, a present-day Canadian Army Primary Reserve armoured regiment, has the honorary distinction of placing the Royal Rifles' badge and the date 1941 on its guidon. This distinction is not a battle honour, but an acknowledgement that one of its predecessor units, the 7th/XI Hussars, provided about half its effective strength to the Royal Rifles while it was preparing for overseas.
Perpetuations.
The Royal Rifles of Canada perpetuate the 12th Battalion, CEF and the 171st Battalion (Quebec Rifles), CEF.
Operational History.
The Fenian Raids.
The 8th Volunteer Militia Rifles were called out on active service on 8 March 1866. The battalion, which served in Quebec City, was removed from active service on 31 March 1866.
South African War.
The regiment contributed volunteers for the Canadian contingents in the field, mainly the 2nd (Special Service) Battalion, Royal Canadian Regiment of Infantry.
The Great War.
Details of the regiment were placed on active service on 6 August 1914 for local protection duties.
The 12th Battalion, CEF was authorized on 10 August 1914 and embarked for Great Britain on 30 September 1914. It was redesignated as the 12th Reserve Infantry Battalion, CEF on 29 April 1915, to provide reinforcements for the Canadian Corps. The battalion was disbanded on 15 September 1920.
The 171st Battalion (Quebec Rifles), CEF was authorized on 15 July 1916 and embarked for Great Britain on 24 November 1916. Its personnel were absorbed by the 20th Reserve Battalion, CEF on 8 January 1917 to provide reinforcements to the Canadian Corps. The battalion was disbanded on 27 July 1917.
The Second World War.
Details from the regiment were called out on service on 26 August 1939 and then placed on active service on 1 September 1939, as The Royal Rifles of Canada, Canadian Active Service Force (Details), for local protection duties. The details called out on active service were disbanded on 31 December 1940. Details of the regiment were again called out on service on 1 January 1941, under the designation Details of 2nd (Reserve) Battalion, The Royal Rifles of Canada. The details were removed from active service on 30 September 1941.
The regiment subsequently mobilized The Royal Rifles of Canada, CASF for active service on 24 May 1940. It was redesignated as the 1st Battalion, The Royal Rifles of Canada, CASF on 7 November 1940. The battalion served in Newfoundland on garrison duty from early November 1940 to August 1941. On 27 October 1941 it embarked for Hong Kong, where it was destroyed while fighting in defence of the colony. The unit was reconstituted on 10 January 1942. It served in Canada in a home defence role as part of the Vancouver Defences of Pacific Command. On 2 January 1945 it embarked for Great Britain, where it was disbanded on 10 January 1945 to provide reinforcements to the Canadian army in the field.
Battle Honours.
Those battle honours in bold type are emblazoned on the regimental accoutrements.
South African War.
SOUTH AFRICA, 1899-1900
The Great War.
YPRES, 1915, '17; FESTUBERT, 1915; MOUNT SORREL; SOMME, 1916; ARRAS, 1917; HILL 70; AMIENS
The Second World War.
Hong Kong; SOUTH-EAST ASIA, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19991378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991378" title="William Hewitt (minister)">
William Hewitt (minister)

William Currie Hewitt (born 1951) is a minister of the Church of Scotland and is a former Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland (2009–2010).
He was born on 6 April 1951 in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, Scotland and educated at Kilmarnock Academy and the University of Glasgow. He graduated with the degree of Bachelor of Divinity from the University of Glasgow in 1974.
He was minister at Westburn Parish Church in Greenock, Scotland until 2012 and was the first serving minister of a church in Greenock ever to become Moderator. He was ordained in 1977, whilst serving as Assistant Minister at Castlehill Parish Church in Ayr. In 1978 he became minister at Elderslie Parish Church, Johnstone, serving for 16 years before moving to St Luke's Parish Church, Greenock, in 1994. In 2006 St Luke's united with neighbouring St George's North Church to become Westburn Church. His latest role is in interim ministry, currently (2012) serving as Clerk "pro tem" to the Presbytery of Glasgow.
He has also served as Moderator of the Presbytery of Greenock and the first Moderator of the successor Presbytery of Greenock and Paisley. In 1993, Mr Hewitt was appointed to the General Assembly's Board of Practice and Procedure where he served for 8 years, becoming Convener of the General Assembly Arrangements Committee and Convener of the Business Committee of the General Assembly. Mr Hewitt has also been a member of the Church of Scotland's Assembly Council and of the Support and Services Committee.
He is married to Moira; they have a daughter and two sons. Full name and title: The Very Reverend William Currie Hewitt BD DipPS.

</doc>
<doc id="19991382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991382" title="William Ashley-Brown">
William Ashley-Brown

The Very Rev William Ashley-Brown was an eminent Anglican Priest in the middle decades of the 20th Century. He was born on 22 February 1887 and educated at St John's College, Armidale, NSW and the Australian College of Theology. Ordained in 1911 he was a Curate at Christ Church Cathedral, Grafton followed by a period as Vicar of Walgett. He was then Archdeacon of Bombay after which he was Dean of Gibraltar. Returning to Australia in 1945 he became Rural Dean of West Charing. He died on 2 September 1970.
His life recounted is in his memoir, "Memory Be Green", which is illustrated by his daughter Joan Ashley-Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19991392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991392" title="Albert Stock">
Albert Stock

Albert Stock (21 April 1897 – 4 May 1969) was a Welsh international rugby union centre who played club rugby for Newport. While with Newport, Stock faced three international touring teams and scored over a hundred tries for the club.
Rugby career.
Born in Newport, Stock was introduced to rugby while serving in Egypt during World War I. After returning to Wales he joined hard, dock team Pill Harriers, before switching to Newport in 1921. In 1924, Stock was selected to play for Wales against France in the Five Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Rowe Harding, Stock was part of a ramshackle selection, caused by the late suspension of Ossie Male. Wales won, but unconvincibly.
Towards the end of 1924, Stock was part of the Newport team to face the touring New Zealand team. Newport came close to beating the All Blacks, and Stock found himself re-selected for Wales when they played the touring New Zealanders on 29 November. Wales were thoroughly beaten by the All Blacks, and Stone did not play for any of the 1925 Five Nations Championship. In 1926 Stone was back in the Welsh team and faced England and Scotland in the Championship. The game against Scotland, the very first Welsh match at Murrayfield, was Stock's last for his country.
Away from internationals, Stock continued to represent Newport playing against two more touring sides. He faced the New South Wales Waratahs in 1926 and the New Zealand Māori rugby union team in 1927.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19991403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991403" title="Central Board of Film Censors">
Central Board of Film Censors

The Central Board of Film Censors (CBFC) is the regulatory body and censorship board of Pakistan. The CBFC is governed by the Motion Picture Ordinance, 1979 and rules made there under. The prime statuary function of the CBFC is censorship of films. With its Head office at Islamabad headed by the Chairman, has two branches at Lahore and Karachi. The CBFC examines the films in the light of the Censorship Code provided by the Federal Government.
Main functions.
The main function of the Central Board of Film Censors is to examine suitability of films for public exhibition or otherwise under the guidelines provided by the Federal Government in the shape of film censorship code. Producers of locally produced films have the option to apply for Censorship of their films to any of the office of the Board at Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi whereas imported films are
examined by the Board only at Islamabad. Films belonging to Foreign Missions are also examined at Islamabad. 
The Motion Pictures Ordinance, 1979 and the rules made there under focus upon the broad policy framework and administrative procedures for the certification of films for public exhibition. The film censorship code covers all the important aspects of society and lays down the guiding principles for film making in Pakistan. To make the film industry abide by the code for censorship, strict policy measures are adopted from time to time and, while certifying films, every effort is
made to ensure that no scene, dance or dialogue gets through which is derogatory to the accepted moral standards of the society. 
While examining films, the CBFC eliminates public exhibition of a film or any part thereof which is likely to:
Members Central Board of Film Censors of Pakistan (CBFC).
Federal Government of Pakistan vide Notification no's
No.F.76 (2)/2012-SO (CBFC)dated.12/10/2012 constituted the Board with immediate effect and till further orders:
1# Chairman ( "ex officio" Member).
2# V.Chairman ( "ex officio" Member).
A) OFFICIAL MEMBERS:
B) MEMBERS OF CIVIL SOCIETY:

</doc>
<doc id="19991414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991414" title="Dominance (ecology)">
Dominance (ecology)

Ecological dominance is the degree to which a taxon is more numerous than its competitors in an ecological community, or makes up more of the biomass. Most ecological communities are defined by their dominant species.

</doc>
<doc id="19991424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991424" title="Voies navigables de France">
Voies navigables de France

The French natural and man-made waterways network is the largest in Europe extending to over of which VNF manages the navigable sections. The assets managed by VNF comprise of waterways, made up of of canals and of navigable rivers, 494 dams, 1595 locks, 74 aqueducts, 65 reservoirs, 35 tunnels and a land area of . Two significant waterways which are not under VNF's control are the navigable sections of the River Somme and the Brittany Canals, which are both under local management, and neither is the River Lot in Aquitaine.
Approximately 20% of the network is suitable for commercial boats of over 1000 tonnes and the VNF has an ongoing programme of maintenance and modernisation to increase depth of waterways, widths of locks and headroom under bridges to support France's stategy of encouraging freight onto water as part of her sustainable development programme—a survey by Price Waterhouse Coopers showed that 75% of French companies were willing to switch to barge transport. A major current initiative is the cross-border Seine-Scheldt project which will provide a continuous wide-gauge navigation from Le Havre to Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="19991458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991458" title="Obama logo">
Obama logo

The Obama logo was the flagship symbol of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. The design became one of the most recognized political brand logos during the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, and was used again for Obama's re-election campaign.
Process.
The logo was designed by Chicago-based Sender LLC (a brand development and design company) on assignment from Chicago-based mo/de (a motion design studio). The latter had been brought on board early on by David Axelrod, Obama’s chief campaign strategist, although it had never done a political identity before. Creative director Sol Sender, now a partner at VSA Partners and founding director of the IBM Design Lab, led the design team of three which included Amanda Gentry and Andy Keene. Project managers at mo/de were Colin Carter and Steve Juras.
"We were looking at the “o” of his name and had the idea of a rising sun and a new day,” according to Sender. “The sun rising over the horizon evoked a new sense of hope." "The design expression was so constrained and so bland for so many years in politics," Sender says. "I think we had a fresh approach because we’d never worked on a campaign before” — and, of course, the power of the logo had a lot to do with “the power of the candidate’s message." 
The final design was decided among seven or eight options in the first round. "In terms of our internal process, though, I believe the logo — as we now know it — came out of a second round of design explorations. At any rate, it happened quite quickly, all things considered. The entire undertaking took less than two weeks."
The design began late in 2006 and the finished logo made its debut when Obama officially announced his candidacy for president February 10, 2007 in Springfield, Illinois.
John Slabyk and Scott Thomas, designers with the Obama campaign oversaw the customization of the logo for 12 different identity groups as well as for each state with 50 additional versions. There was also identity for Republicans and Independents supporting Barack Obama.
Reception.
The reception of Obama's logo was generally positive, and in some circles, highly praised. The Boston Globe beamed that "the ever-present rising sun logo has the feeling of a hot new Internet company." 
"It begins to break with tradition while also rooting itself in tradition," said Peter Krivkovich, CEO of Cramer-Krasselt advertising agency in Chicago. "Patriotism is the foundation, but above that is hope, opportunity, newness."
David Morrison, president of Philadelphia-based market research firm Twentysomething Inc., said the logo has "a nice, contemporary, dynamic, youthful vibe about it." Designer Michael Bierut called Obama's branding "just as good or better" as the best commercial brand designs. "Every time you look, all those signs are perfect," Beirut said. "Graphic designers like me don't understand how it's happening. It's unprecedented and inconceivable to us. The people in the know are flabbergasted."
On the other hand, cartoonist Ward Sutton asked, "is it a zero and a sunset over a deserted highway?" "Too many type styles and colors. The look is left undefined. The designer may have been too inexperienced," he added. 
Some have noted the similarity of Obama's campaign logo to others, namely those of Vietin Bank, The Sidney Hillman Foundation, City of Chandler, Arizona, the Taiwan Solidarity Union, and the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation. There is also some similarity to the European Union's Protected Designation of Origin and Protected Geographical Indication logos and the logo of Germany's Agenda-Glas AG. The official logo of the Democratic Alliance party of South Africa models their logo after Obama's campaign logo.

</doc>
<doc id="19991459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991459" title="Daniel Sanchez (Peruvian footballer)">
Daniel Sanchez (Peruvian footballer)

Daniel Alonso Sánchez Albújar (born 2 May 1990 in Lima) is an Peruvian footballer who plays for Inti Gas.
Career.
In 2007 Sanchez, were called along with 8 other U-20 players to the first team of Sporting Cristal. After his participation in the U17 WC, Sanchez started gaining caps in the first team of Sporting Cristal. Sanchez made his debut right after the WC ended for Peru and he became in 2008 a regular member of the starting line-up of the team. Sanchez, who wears the 23 jersey, has a brilliant future, and has contributed a lot to his team. "Dani" is still young, but has scored many excellent goals in the 2008 season. One of the best ones so far, is the one he scored against Universitario de Deportes when Sporting Cristal beat 2-1 la U in Monumental Stadium. Sanchez will continue in Sporting Cristal, but it seems like he will soon emigrate to Europe.
On June 9, 2011 it was announced that Daniel transferred to Peruvian team C.D. Universidad César Vallejo.
International career.
He was also part of the Peru U-17 team that reached the quarterfinal stage at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup played in South Korea. Now Sanchez is a player that could end up later in Europe and it's about to represent Peru in the next U20 South American Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19991466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991466" title="Scott Painter">
Scott Painter

Scott Painter ("b. 1968") is an American investor and entrepreneur in the technology and automotive industries. He is the founder and CEO of TrueCar, an automotive pricing information and analysis company that creates a better buying experience for dealers and consumers.
Painter is a serial entrepreneur having incorporated 37 companies and having raised over $1.25 billion in debt and equity capital for those businesses over the last 20 years. His primary focus is auto-retail and he was the founder and CEO of CarsDirect.com and Build-To-Order as well as having been an early adviser to numerous automotive businesses including Tesla motors. Painter regularly attends TED, All Things D, and is a member of the World Economics Forum, where he has both attended and spoken at Davos.
Painter is one of the first customers to reserve a seat on Virgin Galactic, the sub-orbital spaceflight company owned by Sir Richard Branson.
Early life and education.
Scott Painter was born in Seattle on September 30, 1968 and grew up in Placer County, California, near Sacramento. He started his first company, a car-detailing service, at the age of 14. After high school, he joined the United States Army and trained to become a Spanish interrogator. He attended West Point, where he studied military strategy and systems engineering. While at West Point he served as class president before transferring to UC Berkeley where he studied political economics.
Career.
Prior to graduating Berkeley, Painter dropped out to sell his first auto-related startup company, AUTOAccess, an electronic database of used cars for sale. Painter was also an IdeaLab CEO and an eCompanies CEO. His other ventures include Advertise.com, SharesPost, PriceLock, CarsDirect.com, US Digital Gaming, Zag.com and Brighthouse. Painter was also an early advisor to Tesla
TrueCar.
Scott Painter is the founder and CEO of TrueCar, Inc., headquartered in Santa Monica, California. TrueCar is an automotive pricing information and analysis company that creates a better buying experience for dealers and consumers. As an online publisher of new and used car transaction data, TrueCar.com provides price reports that enable dealers and consumers to agree on the parameters of a fair deal by supplying a transparent understanding of what others recently paid for identically equipped new cars in their geographic area. TrueCar also owns ALG, the benchmark for vehicle value information to the automotive industry, and has been forecasting residual values for nearly 50 years in both the U.S. and Canadian markets. TrueCar was founded in 2005 and through its dealer partners has sold over 600,000 vehicles. It has a national network of more than 5,000 certified dealers.
"Inc. Magazine" ranked TrueCar as one of 5,000 fastest growing companies in the United States in 2010 and 2011. In 2012, TrueCar was named by the "Los Angeles Business Journal" as the #1 fastest growing private company based in the Los Angeles area and has been listed at #99 on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500, a ranking of the fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and clean technology companies in North America. TrueCar grew 1193 percent during this period.
In 2011, Painter launched TrueCar Racing, an all-female racing team, co-sponsored by Penske Media Corporation and Virgin Group. The racing team supports high-potential women aspiring to become premier race series race car drivers. TrueCar and its partners provide full sponsorship support, professional coaching and training, marketing exposure, and top-tier racing team opportunities throughout the U.S. with the goal of winning races and championships.
Disruption with the auto industry.
In late 2011, TrueCar raised significant debt and equity capital (>$200m) which enabled it to advertise nationally on television. Response from consumers and dealers was strong. Consumer usage increased in response to the television campaign that was developed in conjunction with TrueCar investor Guthy-Renker, but dealer and industry criticism was immediate and well documented in a series of Automotive News articles. Painter, who is commonly associated with vehicle pricing transparency, up-front pricing and the value of big data in auto retail was nearly boycotted by auto dealers and manufacturers over the fear that TrueCar was responsible for massive discounting. The industry resistance lead to nearly a dozen states launching investigations into the companies practices and policies. As a result, Painter and TrueCar underwent a nine-month overhaul to ensure national compliance and cooperation with the industry. It has been widely published that TrueCar went through a business turnaround in 2012 that resulted in a return to profitability after having lost nearly $40mm in the first half of the year. In November 2012, Painter spoke directly to the industry about the current status of TrueCar in an Autoline TV interview and Painter was recently featured in Forbes. In November 2012, TrueCar went back on television with new commercials and a completely new version of its web experience for both dealers and consumers.
Honors.
The Technology Council of Southern California named Scott Painter its 2009 Entrepreneur of the Year. He was also listed as a Worth Elite Automobile Innovator in 2009-2010. In 2011, he was a finalist for the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award for the Greater Los Angeles Area. In 2011, Scott became a member of the Swiss non-profit organization known as the World Economic Forum. In 2012, Painter was named a Technology Pioneer by the WEF.
Philanthropy.
As part of the "Women Empowered" initiative, Painter and TrueCar pledged to help fund six female professional racecar drivers. Painter also serves on the boards of several public, private, and nonprofit organizations., including Save Cal Rugby.
Painter was one of the youngest members to join of the Board of Governors at Cedar Sinai Medical Center.
Personal life.
Scott Painter is married and lives in Los Angeles with his four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19991505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991505" title="Fred Fraenkel">
Fred Fraenkel

Fred S. Fraenkel of Fairholme Capital Management, an investment professional who was on the "Barron's" year end roundtable for four years and managed large research organizations at several Wall Street firms. He ran his own venture fund for eight years and is currently the President and Chief Research officer of a Miami based advisor of mutual funds. [http://www.fairholmefunds.com/]
Biography.
Fraenkel has spent over 35 years in investing and his career includes being a member of Barron's year-end roundtable from 1982-1985, and heading global research at Lehman Brothers from 1987 to 1993. During that time, Lehman Brothers had its first number one ranking in the "Institutional Investor" rankings. He currently is chief research officer of The Fairholme Capitaland advisor to value oriented mutual funds founded by Bruce Berkowitz. Prior to Fairholme he was Vice Chairman of Beacon Trust Company in Morristown, NJ for three years and prior to that he was a founding partner of Millennium 3 Capital. Millennium 3 was a venture firm specializing in early stage companies. Before founding Millennium 3 Capital in 2000, Fraenkel served as vice chairman of ING Barings Furman Selz and chief operating officer of Furman Selz . Before joining Furman Selz in March 1995, Fraenkel spent nine years at Lehman Brothers where he was a Managing Director and Director of Global Research overseeing 110 analysts located in New York, London, Tokyo and Hong Kong. As Global Research Director, Fraenkel was responsible for managing the department’s ascension in the Institutional Investor poll from a rank of 15th in 1987 to 1st in 1990, 1991, and 1992.
Prior to Lehman Brothers, Mr. Fraenkel was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Market America Group, an investment advisory firm. He also spent four and a half years as Director of Equity Research and a member of the Board of Directors at Prudential Securities. Mr. Fraenkel began his Wall Street career in 1974 as a securities analyst with Goldman Sachs & Company, and was Chief Investment Strategist for E. F. Hutton & Co. from 1980 to 1982.
Education.
Fraenkel received a B.S. in Economics and Finance from Lehigh University, and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Fraenkel was elected to membership of Beta Gamma Sigma and Omicron Delta Epsilon the national business school and economics honorary societies. He is a past Chairman of the Board of Advisors of the College of Business and Economics of Lehigh University. Fraenkel guest lectures annually at Harvard Business School, Harvard Law School, Columbia University Business School and Lehigh University College of Business and Economics
Affiliations.
Mr. Fraenkel is a member of the CFA Institute, New York Society of Security Analysts and the AIMR. 
Fraenkel is married and has three children, and two grandchildren. He resides in Miami Beach, Florida.
References.
http://www.dailyfinance.com/2013/01/03/fairholme-announces-appointment-of-fred-fraenkel-a/

</doc>
<doc id="19991513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991513" title="Time-of-flight camera">
Time-of-flight camera

A time-of-flight camera (ToF camera) is a range imaging camera system that resolves distance based on the known speed of light, measuring the time-of-flight of a light signal between the camera and the subject for each point of the image. The time-of-flight camera is a class of scannerless LIDAR, in which the entire scene is captured with each laser or light pulse, as opposed to point-by-point with a laser beam such as in scanning LIDAR systems.
Time-of-flight camera products for civil applications began to emerge around 2000, as the semiconductor processes became fast enough for such devices. The systems cover ranges of a few centimeters up to about 60 m. The distance resolution is about 1 cm. The lateral resolution of time-of-flight cameras is generally low compared to standard 2D video cameras, with most commercially available devices at 320 × 240 pixels or less as of 2011. Compared to 3D laser scanning methods for capturing 3D images, TOF cameras operate very quickly, providing up to 160 images per second.
Types of devices.
Several different technologies for time-of-flight cameras have been developed.
RF-modulated light sources with phase detectors.
Photonic Mixer Devices (PMD), the Swiss Ranger, and CanestaVision work by modulating the outgoing beam with an RF carrier, then measuring the phase shift of that carrier on the receiver side. This approach has a modular error challenge; ranges are mod the maximum range, which is the RF carrier wavelength. The Swiss Ranger is a compact, short-range device, with ranges of 5 or 10 meters, with 176 x 144 pixels. With phase unwrapping algorithms, the maximum uniqueness range can be increased. The PMD can provide ranges up to 60m. Illumination is pulsed LEDs, rather than a laser. CanestaVision developer Canesta was purchased by Microsoft in 2010.
Range gated imagers.
These devices have a built-in shutter in front of the image sensor that opens and closes at the same rate as the light pulses are sent out. Because part of every returning pulse is blocked by the shutter according to its time of arrival, the amount of light received relates to the distance the pulse has traveled.
The distance can be calculated using the equation, "z" = "R" ("S2" − "S1") / 2("S1" + "S2") + "R" / 2 for an ideal camera. "R" is the camera range, determined by the round trip of the light pulse, "S1" the amount of the light pulse that is received, and "S2" the amount of the light pulse that is blocked.
The ZCam by 3DV Systems is a range-gated system. Microsoft purchased 3DV in 2009. Microsoft's second-generation Kinect sensor was developed using knowledge gained from Canesta and 3DV Systems.
Similar principles are used in the ToF camera line developed by the Fraunhofer Institute of Microelectronic Circuits and Systems and TriDiCam. These cameras employ photodetectors with a fast electronic shutter.
The depth resolution of ToF cameras can be improved with ultra-fast gating intensified CCD cameras. These cameras provide gating times down to 200ps and enable ToF setup with sub-millimeter depth resolution. 
Range gated imagers can also be used in 2D imaging to suppress anything outside a specified distance range, such as to see through fog. A pulsed laser provides illumination, and an optical gate allows light to reach the imager only during the desired time period. 
Components.
A time-of-flight camera consists of the following components:
Principle.
The simplest version of a time-of-flight camera uses light pulses. The illumination is switched on for a very short time, the resulting light pulse illuminates the scene and is reflected by the objects. The camera lens gathers the reflected light and images it onto the sensor plane. Depending on the distance, the incoming light experiences a delay. As light has a speed of approximately c = 300,000,000 meters per second, this delay is very short: an object 2.5 m away will delay the light by:
formula_1
The pulse width of the illumination determines the maximum range the camera can handle. With a pulse width of e.g. 50 ns, the range is limited to
formula_2
These short times show that the illumination unit is a critical part of the system. Only with some special LEDs or lasers is it possible to generate such short pulses.
The single pixel consists of a photo sensitive element (e.g. a photo diode). It converts the incoming light into a current. In analog timing imagers, connected to the photo diode are fast switches, which direct the current to one of two (or several) memory elements (e.g. a capacitor) that act as summation elements. In digital timing imagers, a time counter, running at several gigahertz, is connected to each photodetector pixel and stops counting when light is sensed.
In the diagram of an analog timer, the pixel uses two switches (G1 and G2) and two memory elements (S1 and S2). The switches are controlled by a pulse with the same length as the light pulse, where the control signal of switch G2 is delayed by exactly the pulse width. Depending on the delay, only part of the light pulse is sampled through G1 in S1, the other part is stored in S2. Depending on the distance, the ratio between S1 and S2 changes as depicted in the drawing. Because only small amounts of light hit the sensor within 50 ns, not only one but several thousand pulses are sent out (repetition rate tR) and gathered, thus increasing the signal to noise ratio.
After the exposure, the pixel is read out and the following stages measure the signals S1 and S2. As the length of the light pulse is defined, the distance can be calculated with the formula:
formula_3
In the example, the signals have the following values: S1 = 0.66 and S2 = 0.33. The distance is therefore:
formula_4
In the presence of background light, the memory elements receive an additional part of the signal. This would disturb the distance measurement. To eliminate the background part of the signal, the whole measurement can be performed a second time with the illumination switched off. If the objects are further away than the distance range, the result is also wrong. Here, a second measurement with the control signals delayed by an additional pulse width helps to suppress such objects.
Other systems work with a sinusoidally modulated light source instead of the pulse source.
Advantages.
Simplicity.
In contrast to stereo vision or triangulation systems, the whole system is very compact: the illumination is placed just next to the lens, whereas the other systems need a certain minimum base line. In contrast to laser scanning systems, no mechanical moving parts are needed.
Efficient distance algorithm.
It is very easy to extract the distance information out of the output signals of the TOF sensor, therefore this task uses only a small amount of processing power, again in contrast to stereo vision, where complex correlation algorithms have to be implemented.
After the distance data has been extracted, object detection, for example, is also easy to carry out because the algorithms are not disturbed by patterns on the object.
Speed.
Time-of-flight cameras are able to measure the distances within a complete scene with one shot. As the cameras reach up to 160 frames per second, they are ideally suited to be used in real-time applications.
Disadvantages.
Background light.
Although most of the background light coming from artificial lighting or the sun is suppressed, the pixel still has to provide a high dynamic range. The background light also generates electrons, which have to be stored. For example, the illumination units in today's TOF cameras can provide an illumination level of about 1 watt. The Sun has an illumination power of about 50 watts per square meter after the optical band-pass filter. Therefore, if the illuminated scene has a size of 1 square meter, the light from the sun is 50 times stronger than the modulated signal.
Interference.
If several time-of-flight cameras are running at the same time, the cameras may disturb each other's measurements. There exist several possibilities for dealing with this problem:
Multiple reflections.
In contrast to laser scanning systems, where only a single point is illuminated at once, the time-of-flight cameras illuminate a whole scene. Due to multiple reflections, the light may reach the objects along several paths and therefore, the measured distance may be greater than the true distance.
Applications.
Automotive applications.
Time-of-flight cameras are used in assistance and safety functions for advanced automotive applications such as active pedestrian safety, precrash detection and indoor applications like out-of-position (OOP) detection.
Human-machine interfaces and gaming.
As time-of-flight cameras provide distance images in real time, it is easy to track movements of humans. This allows new interactions with consumer devices such as televisions. Another topic is to use this type of cameras to interact with games on video game consoles. The second-generation Kinect sensor which is a standard component of the Xbox One console uses a time-of-flight camera for its range imaging, enabling natural user interfaces and gaming applications using computer vision and gesture recognition techniques. Creative and Intel also provide a similar type of interactive gesture time-of-flight camera for gaming, the Senz3D based on the DepthSense 325 camera of Softkinetic. Infineon and pmdtechnologies enable tiny integrated 3D depth cameras for close-range gesture control of consumer devices like all-in-one PCs and laptops.
Measurement and machine vision.
Other applications are measurement tasks, e.g. for the fill height in silos. In industrial machine vision, the time-of-flight camera helps to classify objects and help robots find the items, for instance on a conveyor. Door controls can distinguish easily between animals and humans reaching the door.
Robotics.
Another use of these cameras is the field of robotics: Mobile robots can build up a map of their surroundings very quickly, enabling them to avoid obstacles or follow a leading person. As the distance calculation is simple, only little computational power is used.

</doc>
<doc id="19991523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991523" title="Carl Miles">
Carl Miles

Carl Thomas Miles (born March 22, 1918) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He was born in Trenton, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Missouri. Miles played in two games, with a 13.50 ERA, in his one year career.
Miles is recognized as one of the oldest living Major League baseball players.

</doc>
<doc id="19991539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991539" title="A Quiet Life">
A Quiet Life

A Quiet Life () is a 2010 Italian neo-noir film directed by Claudio Cupellini. It entered the competition at the 2010 Rome International Film Festival, in which Toni Servillo was awarded best actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19991549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991549" title="Paul Street (journalist)">
Paul Street (journalist)

Paul Louis Street (born May 23, 1958) is an American journalist, author, historian, and political commentator. He is a member of the International Organization for a Participatory Society and holds a doctorate in U.S. History from Binghamton University. 
Street served as both the Director of Research and Vice President for Research and Planning at the Chicago Urban League from 2000 to 2005. He is the author of five books:
Street is co-author of:
Street's articles, essays, reviews, and editorials have been published in numerous outlets, including the "Chicago Tribune", "Journal of American Ethnic History", "Journal of Social History", "Mid-America", "Chicago History", "Review of Education, Pedagogy and Cultural Studies", "Studies in History and Politics", "History of Education Quarterly", "In These Times", the "International Social Review", "The Greanville Post", "Cyrano's Journal Today", "Dissent", "Capital City Times", "Z Magazine", "Black Commentator", Black Agenda Report, ZNet, AlterNet, Tom’s Dispatch, History News Network, and "Monthly Review". Street has also published a large number of book chapters and project studies, including the widely read reports "The Vicious Circle: Race, Prison, Jobs and Community in Chicago, Illinois and the Nation" (Chicago Urban League, 2002) and "Still Separate, Unequal, Race, Place and Policy in Chicago" (Chicago Urban League, 2005). 
Street’s writings, research findings, reviews, and commentaries have been featured and presented in a large number and wide variety of media venues, including "The New York Times", CNN, The Huffington Post, Al Jazeera, the "Chicago Tribune", "The Times of India", "Morning Star", Al-Alkhbar (The News in Beirut, Lebanon), Canal da Imprensa (Brazil), Real Clear Politics, WNBC (New York City), WGN (Chicago/national), WLS (ABC-Chicago), Fox News Channel, the "Chicago Sun-Times", "Illinois Issues", the "Capital City Times" (Madison, WI), and the "Iowa City Press-Citizen". Street has been featured in more than 70 radio and television interviews and broadcasts, ten television interviews, and on the popular live Web book-chat at “Firedoglake.” 
He is a regular contributor to the ZNet website, and according to his ZSpace author's profile he "once hit a 25-foot jump shot over the outstretched arm of Michigan Wolverine basketball great and future NBA veteran Ricky Green."
Street cites Martin Luther King's philosophy against the "triple evils" of "racism, economic exploitation (capitalism), and militarism-imperialism" as a primary influence on his life and works.
"Barack Obama and the Future of American Politics".
Street's 2008 book is about Barack Obama's political and personal history, candidacy, campaign strategy, and political philosophy, as it relates to modern American political culture. The book has received favorable reviews from many journalists, commentators, historians, and intellectuals among the left, including documentary film-maker and journalist John Pilger and M.I.T. Professor Noam Chomsky, along with many others.
According to Pilger:
“All those interested in truth rather than seduction should read urgently this wise book by Paul Street, who peels away the mask of the ‘Obama phenomenon’ and reveals power as it is, not as many of us wish it to be.”
And Chomsky:
“That the Obama phenomenon is of considerable significance in American social and political history should hardly be in doubt. But what exactly is it, and where might it lead? This lucid and penetrating book situates it firmly within the ‘corporate-dominated and militaristic U.S. elections system and political culture,’ explores in depth its substantive content and its limits, and draws valuable lessons about how these might be transcended in the unending struggle to achieve a more just and free society and a peaceful world. It is a very welcome contribution in complex and troubled times.”
Political views.
Street is a Marxist whose leading influences beyond Marx include Gerrard Winstanley, Edward Palmer Thompson, Eric Hobsbawm, Rosa Luxembourg, Noam Chomsky, and John Pilger. Street is an outspoken critic of pseudo-populism, which is usually engineered with the help of mass media, especially as it perpetuates corporatism and imperialism. Street is also an expert analyst and commentator on contemporary racism in the "post Civil Rights era." 
In an October 2008 interview with "Little Village" magazine, Street said: "We either transcend the corporate-managed profits system or we descend ever further into barbarism, totalitarianism, and ecological ruin over the long haul."

</doc>
<doc id="19991553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991553" title="Evgeny Aleshin">
Evgeny Aleshin

Evgeny Aleshin (born May 4, 1979) is a former Russian swimmer who specialized in backstroke. He competed at the 2004 Olympics and the 2007 World Championships.
In November 2010, Aleshin was banned for two years for violation of FINA DC Rule 2.4 (failure to file required whereabouts information and missed tests). He subsequently retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19991567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991567" title="Stephen Nason">
Stephen Nason

The Very Rev (George) Stephen Nason was an eminent Anglican Priest in the middle decades of the 20th Century. He was born on 30 March 1901 and educated at Shrewsbury and Pembroke College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1927 he was a Curate at St Luke’s Battersea followed by a period as Rector of Bamford. He then served his country during World War II as a Chaplain in the RNVR after which he was Dean of Gibraltar. Returning to England in 1950 he became Rural Dean of Greenwich and Deptford, following which he was Vicar of St Peter and St Paul, Hambledon, Hampshire. He died on 13 March 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19991576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991576" title="California (Gianna Nannini album)">
California (Gianna Nannini album)

California is the third album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1979.
Track listing.
All songs by Gianna Nannini except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19991596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991596" title="Dominant Species">
Dominant Species

Dominant species may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19991599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991599" title="Spectacle Reef Light">
Spectacle Reef Light

Spectacle Reef Light is a lighthouse eleven miles (18 km) east of the Straits of Mackinac and is located at the northern end of Lake Huron, Michigan. It was designed and built by Colonel Orlando Metcalfe Poe and Major Godfrey Weitzel, and was the most expensive lighthouse ever built on the Great Lakes. It is said to be the most spectacular engineering achievement in lighthouse construction on Lake Huron, and ranks high among all of those on the Great lakes.
History.
Overview.
The period between 1852 and the beginning of the 20th century saw great activity on the Great Lakes by the United States Lighthouse Board. Between 1852 and 1860, 26 new lights were built. Even as the United States Civil War and its aftermath slowed construction, a dozen new lights were still lit in that decade. In the 1870s, 43 new lights were built on the Lakes. The 1880s saw more than one hundred lights constructed.
As the new century began, on the Great Lakes the Lighthouse Board operated 334 major lights, 67 fog horns and 563 buoys.
During the 19th century design of Great Lakes lights slowly evolved. Until 1870 the most common design was to build a keeper's dwelling with the light on the dwelling's roof or on a relatively small square tower attached to the house. In the 1870s, so as to raise lights to a higher focal plane, conical brick towers, usually between eighty and one hundred feet tall were constructed. In the 1890s steel-lined towers began to replace the older generation of brick buildings. "See" Big Sable Point Light for a striking transition and transformation.
The Spectacle Reef Light was part of a forty-year effort—between 1870 and 1910—where engineers began to build lights on isolated islands, reefs, and shoals that were significant navigational hazards. To that time, light ships were the only practical way to mark the hazards, but were dangerous for the sailors who manned them, and difficult to maintain. "Worse, regardless of the type of anchors used lightships could be blown off their expected location in severe storms, making them a potential liability in the worst weather when captains would depend on the charted location of these lights to measure their own ship's distance from dangerous rocks." "See", United States lightship Huron (LV-103).
Successively, using underwater crib designs, the Board built on a shoal the Waugoshance Light (1851), and demonstrated a "new level of expertise" in constructing of the Spectacle Reef Light (1874), Stannard Rock Light (1882) and Detroit River (Bar Point Shoal) (also known as the Detroit River Entrance Light) (1885). "The long and expensive process of building lights" in remote and difficult sites "ended in nationally publicized engineering projects that constructed" Rock of Ages Light (1908) and the White Shoal (1910) lights.
In the first three decades of the twentieth century the Lighthouse Board and the new Lighthouse Service continued to build new lights on the Great Lakes. For 1925, the Board had under its auspices around the Great Lakes: 433 major lights; ten lightships; 129 fog signals; and about 1,000 buoys. Of these 1,771 navigational aids, 160 stations had resident keepers, as most navigational aids were automated. By 1925 nearly all of the Great Lakes lighthouses that today exist (excepting "e.g.", Poe Reef Light and Gravelly Shoal Light) had been constructed.
This is part of a larger pattern of building 14 reef lights around Michigan, which was intended to help ships navigate through and around the shoals and hazards around the Straits of Mackinac.
Construction.
The site was first marked by a buoy in 1868.
The construction was undertaken under the auspices of the Lighthouse Board, and was quite a feat of civil engineering and endurance. Construction began in 1870, in answer to the disastrous loss of a large number of ships during the 1860s at the site; in particular, two schooners ran aground and broke up in 1867. The massive cost of the loss helped convince Congress that it would be more cost effective to build a light and reduce the probability of future tragedies.
The reef that the lighthouse is built upon is shaped like a pair of eyeglasses (hence its name) and is located in the path of littoral commerce on Lake Huron. As the freighter traffic increased through the straits, so did the impending likelihood of more ship losses.
The Spectacle Reef Lighthouse cost $406,000. Significantly, one costly item was the purchase of a steamer to convey the materials to the site.
Submerged below the surface, the foundation was laid in a cofferdam protected by a crib made from timber. The crib was constructed upon slipways at the depot, like building a ship, then launched and towed by tugboats to the reef, where it was sunk and grounded on the site. This crib is massive: by high (203,136 cubic feet total). This afforded a protected pond, making a base for the cofferdam, a wharf, and worker's quarters. In due course, the cofferdam was pumped out to expose the bedrock, upon which the masonry courses were laid.
The light's 20-month construction process had to be spread out over a calendar period of four years (1870–1874), because no work was possible during the winter, most of the spring, and most of the fall.
Bois Blanc Island is the nearest point of land, to to the northwest; but neither it nor Ninemile Point, to the south, formed a suitable staging area for construction, which had to take place entirely on site. After the construction of workers' quarters on the pier, a fourth-order Fresnel lens was temporarily installed on the roof of one of the buildings. Construction was almost complete in the fall of 1873, when the onset of winter's storms forced the work site to be abandoned until the following spring. In the spring of 1874, work on the lighthouse began again. With the installation of the cast-iron lantern room and a new second-order Fresnel lens, the work was complete, and the light was put into service for the first time in June 1874.
The location of the lighthouse makes it susceptible to wave fetch, which for this reef is to the southeast. Lake Huron ice fields, known as drift ice which in this lake can be as much as two or more feet thick and measure thousands of acres in size, are moved by wintertime currents. Masses of these dimensions create "an almost irresistible force", which for Spectacle Reef Light was "overcome by interposing a structure against which the ice is crushed and by which its motion is so impeded that it grounds on the 7–foot shoal" and in turn this creates an effective wall "against other ice fields."
The tower is formed as a "frustum of a cone". The diameter base rises above water level, and is below water level.
As the Coast Guard notes: "The focal plane is above the top of the parapet, making it above the top of the submerged rock and above the surface of the water. For up the tower is solid and from them on up it is hollow. In it are five rooms, one above the other each in diameter, with varying heights. The walls of the hollow portion are at the bottom, tapering to at the spring of the cornice."
Just below the cornice, the blocks of stone are thick. They are interlocked in each course, and fastened together with wrought iron bolts 2 inches thick and long. Likewise, the tower is bolted to the foundation rock with bolts long. After "the stones were in place they were plugged with pure portland cement, which is now as hard as the stone itself. Hence the tower is, in effect, a monolith."
The stones were cut at the depot at Scammon’s Harbor, away. They were fitted, course by course, on a platform of masonry. The stones fit so well that each course took but three days to set, drill, and bolt. The light has been described as "the best specimen of monolithic stone masonry in the United States." and "one of the greatest engineering feats on the Great Lakes."
In September 1872, a severe gale did considerable damage, which had to be repaired at very great expense. In passing, it should be noted that the term "gale" is being used loosely, as there was no wind speed device being monitored in the winter at that location; and in a similar location on Lake Superior at Granite Island, Michigan, wind speeds of were recorded on January 18, 2003.
"After the winter of 1873–74, when the keepers returned to the newly completed tower, they found the ice piled against it at a height of , or higher than the doorway, and they could not gain entrance until they had cut away the iceberg of which the lighthouse formed the core."
The light has an attached fog signal building, oil house and storage building. There are davits to raise and lower boats.
The Lighthouse Board built a model of this light, and it was featured in the Aids to Navigation display at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, also known as "The Chicago World's Fair" in Chicago, Illinois.
The combination of a crib foundation with monolithic stone masonry worked so well that the Lighthouse Board used the design and a similar process in producing the Stannard Rock Light in Lake Superior in 1878. Further economies were achieved by getting 'double duty' from the "costly apparatus and machinery purchased" for the Spectacle Reef project.
Current status.
The original second-order Fresnel lens (by Henry Lepaute of Paris, France) was removed in 1982. It is now on display at the Inland Seas Maritime Museum (also known as the Great Lakes Historical Society Museum) at the Vermilion Light in Vermilion, Ohio.
After the Fresnel lens was replaced by a modern acrylic lens, the Spectacle Reef Light continues to serve as an active aid to navigation as of 2007.
In July 2005, "Spectacle Reef Light Station" was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as site #05000744, and said to be "Located in northern Lake Huron, . NNE of Ninemile Point, Benton Township, Michigan".
Spectacle Reef Lighthouse was one of five lighthouses chosen for the "Lighthouses of the Great Lakes" series postage stamp designed by Howard Koslow in 1995. There was one lighthouse chosen on each of the Great Lakes. The five lighthouses are Split Rock Light on Lake Superior, St Joseph Light on Lake Michigan, Spectacle Reef Light on Lake Huron, Marblehead Light (Ohio) on Lake Erie and Thirty Mile Point Light on Lake Ontario.
Getting there.
Although the light and crib are closed to the public, a private boat is optimal to see this light close up. It is a long way from shore in dangerous and open water, fraught with shoals.
Short of that, Shepler's Ferry Service out of Mackinaw City offers periodic lighthouse tours in the summer season. Its "Eastbound Tour" includes passes by St. Helena Island Light, and even offers a luncheon. Schedules and rates are available from Shepler's.
Another alternative is to charter a seaplane to make a tour of the Mackinac Straits and environs.
As of 2008, the Great Lakes Light Keepers' Association operates a single annual "Grand Light Tour" that is conducted by Shepler's Mackinac Island Ferry, and it includes a pass-by of the Spectacle Reef Light.

</doc>
<doc id="19991600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991600" title="Prince Andrew (disambiguation)">
Prince Andrew (disambiguation)

Prince Andrew may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19991602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991602" title="Martina Löw">
Martina Löw

Martina Löw (born 9 January 1965 in Würzburg, West Germany) is a German sociologist.
Vita.
Martina Löw earned her doctoral degree in 1993 with a dissertation titled "Raum Ergreifen" Space - Women who live alone between the Poles of Work, Social Relationships and the Culture of Self supervised by Marianne Rodenstein from Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main. In 2000 she completed her post-doctoral qualification (habilitation) at the faculty of History, Philosophy and Social Sciences at Martin-Luther University in Halle-Wittenberg. For her habilitation thesis on the sociology of space she was awarded the Christian-Wolff Prize. 
Löw taught and conducted research as professor of sociology at the Darmstadt University of Technology from 2002 until 2013, specialising in space-related social analysis, urban and regional sociology, women’s and gender studies. Since August 2013 she is professor for the sociology of planning and architecture at the Technical University of Berlin. At an earlier stage of her career, she held the position of assistant professor at the Martin Luther University of Halle/Saale, was a researcher at the famous Institute of Social Research in Frankfurt am Main, and visiting professor at the Technical Universities of Berlin and Darmstadt.
Work.
In 2001, Löw published a Sociology of space, which understands the origination of space as a social phenomenon that depends of societal developments. Löw understands space as a relational ordering of social goods and living beings that is generated by the synthesis and placing of these elements. Such a processual concept of space contrasts with the view that has hitherto prevailed in sociology of space as a rigid backdrop to social processes. On this basis, Löw is conducting empirical research into how spatial constructions change in and through electronic networks. Other focuses of research are “space, power, and social differentiation” and ethnographic urban studies.
In the field of urban research, a range of studies in the topic areas "public security" and "theatre and city" have been carried out. An empirical study on the interactional web of space and gender that examines prostitution in Frankfurt am Main complements the topic area. Among her latest research ventures is the analysis of the intrinsic logic of cities. The intrinsic logic of cities refers to a complex ensemble of knowledge stocks and forms of expression which interrelate internally, are based on rule-governed, routinized and resource-stabilised forms of action and which condense cities into provinces of meaning.
In 2008 Löw became senior coordinator of the University of Technology Darmstadt’s and the University of Applied Sciences’ joint project “Intrinsic Logic of Cities”, sponsored by the Land Hesse’s Ministry of Economics and Arts to promote scientific and economic excellence. “Intrinsic Logic” is a heuristic term trying to conceptualise and capture the specific and “typical” characteristics and qualities of a city, as well as the tacit meaning-making processes shaping its "image" and contributing to "making sense" of it. The objective is to ultimately work out the fundamental structures shaping a particular city, and to better understand relations, similarities and differences between cities. The method of choice is comparative research between cities.
It is a fresh approach to urban studies that differs fundamentally from other sociological perspectives, which usually take the city under investigation as a given fact(or) requiring no further research, instead of scrutinising its basic formative structures and processes. The focus on the intrinsic logic puts the city itself centrestage and explores its overall make-up in a holistic way in its physical, relational and symbolic dimensions.

</doc>
<doc id="19991603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991603" title="Uroš Stamatović">
Uroš Stamatović

Uroš Stamatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Стаматовић; born November 9, 1976) is a retired Serbian footballer. As of the 2013 Canadian Soccer League season, he is the head coach of Serbian White Eagles FC. 
Stamatović has played over 200 first-league matches and scored over 30 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19991605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991605" title="Elks Lodge (Lima, Ohio)">
Elks Lodge (Lima, Ohio)

The former Elks Lodge (B.P.O. E. #54) is a historic building in Lima, Ohio, United States. The lodge was the fifty-fourth of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks to be chartered; it is the largest lodge in Ohio. It is located within the Ohio West Central District No. 7120. The original lodge building, built in 1909, has been sold and is now used by Tabernacle Baptist Church.
The lodge building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 7, 1982. It was one of seventeen Lima buildings listed on the Register as a group, the "Lima Multiple Resource Area." Of these buildings, it was one of the newest. Around the time of its construction in the early twentieth century, oil and railroading had taken Lima's economy to an extremely prosperous point.

</doc>
<doc id="19991620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991620" title="Laurence Bristow">
Laurence Bristow

Laurence Bristow (born July 18, 1952), was a British racing driver best known for his time in the British Touring Car Championship.
Racing career.
He first started racing in 1985 when he entered the MG Metro Challenge. In 1987 he raced in the Uniroyal Production Car Championship driving a Ford Sierra RS500 where he finished second in class. A year later he stepped up to the BTCC, again driving a class A Ford Sierra RS500. In 1989 he drove for the Labatts team along with team mate Tim Harvey. This year he got his only BTCC win along with Tiff Needell at the Donington Park 1 hour endurance race. Bristow got his highest championship finish of 9th in 1990. When the BTCC switched to the single Super Touring class in 1991, the Labatts team changed to a BMW M3 for two more years with Bristow. 
Other racing in 1989 included the British Sportscar Championship and the 24 hours of Le Mans. In 1993 he left the BTCC and raced in the Thundersaloons back in a Ford Sierra. [http://www.btccpages.com/driv/bristowlaurence.php.]

</doc>
<doc id="19991625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991625" title="Petra Granlund">
Petra Granlund

Petra Granlund (born October 15, 1987 in Stenungsund, Sweden) is a swimmer from Valla, representing Väsby SS. Granlund participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics for Sweden in the 200 m butterfly and in the 4×200 m freestyle relay race. She finished 14th in the 200 m butterfly and 8th in the 4×200 freestyle relay, alongside Josefin Lillhage, Gabriella Fagundez and Ida Marko-Varga.

</doc>
