<doc id="20075174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075174" title="Windows HPC Server 2008">
Windows HPC Server 2008

Windows HPC Server 2008, released by Microsoft on 22 September 2008, is the successor product to Windows Compute Cluster Server 2003. Like WCCS, Windows HPC Server 2008 is designed for high-end applications that require high performance computing clusters (HPC stands for High Performance Computing). This version of the server software is claimed to efficiently scale to thousands of cores. It includes features unique to HPC workloads: a new high-speed NetworkDirect RDMA, highly efficient and scalable cluster management tools, a service-oriented architecture (SOA) job scheduler, an MPI library based on open-source MPICH2, and cluster interoperability through standards such as the High Performance Computing Basic Profile (HPCBP) specification produced by the Open Grid Forum (OGF).
In June 2008, a system built collaboratively with the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) and Microsoft ranked #23 on the Top500 list, a ranking of the world's fastest supercomputers, with a LINPACK score of 68.5 teraflops. The NCSA supercomputer uses both Windows Server HPC and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4. As of November 2011, that ranking has since dropped to #253.
In the November 2009 rankings published by Top500, a Windows HPC system built by the Shanghai Supercomputer Center achieved a peak performance of 180.6 teraflops and was ranked #19 on the list. As of November 2011, Windows HPC has about 0.2% (1 out of 500) of the market of the 500 most powerful supercomputers, with about 0.2% of total gigaflops, with Linux dominating the rankings with 91.4% and Unix second place with 6%. The other two systems in the top 100 that can run Windows HPC do so only part of the time.
Windows HPC Server 2008 R2.
Windows HPC Server 2008 R2, based on Windows Server 2008 R2, was released on 20 September 2010.
Windows HPC Pack.
After Windows HPC Server 2008 R2, Microsoft released HPC Pack 2008 R2 in four flavors: Express, Enterprise, Workstation and Cycle Harvesting. Later it simplified the offer by releasing HPC Pack 2012 that combined capabilities of all four versions of HPC Pack 2008 R2. HPC Pack 2012 can be installed on top of any Windows Server 2012 Standard or Datacenter.

</doc>
<doc id="20075213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075213" title="The Girl in the Picture (1985 film)">
The Girl in the Picture (1985 film)

The Girl in the Picture is a 1985 British film directed by Cary Parker and starring John Gordon Sinclair as Alan, a Glaswegian photographer, keen to get back with his former girlfriend. Meanwhile his assistant Ken (played by David McKay) is smitten by a girl he knows only through her photograph.
The film also stars Gregor Fisher and Rikki Fulton.

</doc>
<doc id="20075222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075222" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 116">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 116

The 116th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Luzerne County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20075242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075242" title="Quadrula metanevra">
Quadrula metanevra

Quadrula metanevra, common name the Monkeyface, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
"Quadrula metanevra" is found in the Southeastern United States. It is critically endangered, and listed as near extinct on the IUCN Red List

</doc>
<doc id="20075300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075300" title="Hurricane Olaf (2003)">
Hurricane Olaf (2003)

Hurricane Olaf was a weak hurricane that impacted Mexico. A tropical wave became better organized on October 2 to the south-southeast of Acapulco and developed into a depression the next day. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Olaf six hours after forming. Continued intensification occurred, and Olaf reached its peak strength as a Category 1 hurricane with 75 mph (120 km/h) winds on October 5 and developed a partial eyewall. The storm soon became disorganized and was only a hurricane for six hours, before re-curving towards the Mexican coast. The cyclone made landfall near Manzanillo, Colima, on October 7 and soon dissipated overland. The storm caused severe flooding in the states of Jalisco and Guanajuato. However, no fatalities were reported.
Meteorological history.
Olaf formed from a tropical wave that left the coast of Africa on September 17. Over the next two weeks it moved westbound into the East Pacific Ocean. Initially, the wave was not in an environment conductive for further development. However, on October 2, a low-level circulation was noted on satellite imagery. This circulation quickly became better defined over the next several hours while located 400 miles (645 km) south of Acapulco, Mexico. The next day, Dvorak Classifications, a tool that estimates a tropical cyclone intensity, were placed at 1.5. This is equivalent to winds of around 30 mph (50 km/h). In addition, a ship nearby reported winds of 35 mph (45 km/h). Microwave imagery also indicated that the center was near the associated convection. Based on this, the system was upgraded into a tropical depression.
Initially, wind shear from nearby Tropical Storm Nora was expect to weaken the system. However, the depression was soon upgraded into a tropical storm. Moving northwest, it steadily intensified into a moderate tropical storm late on October 3. The next day, Olaf weakened slightly; it soon intensified into a strong tropical storm roughly 24 hours later. At that time, it was noted that additional intensification was likely. On October 5, radar imagery indicated a partial eyewall. Based on this, Olaf was upgraded into a minimal Category 1 hurricane. It reached it peak intensity at 75 mph (120 km/h) and a barometric pressure of 987 millibars. Olaf was hurricane for only six hours, but operationally it was believed had been a hurricane for much longer. This is because that the center was initially believed to be further north, closer to the deep convection.
Shortly after reaching its peak, Olaf became disorganized. Olaf weakened steadily while the storms motion slowed down. By early October 6, Olaf was only a minimal tropical storm as the system recurved northwest. However, Olaf rapidly reorganized that afternoon and the National Hurricane Center re-assessed the intensity at 50 mph (80 km/h). Continued restrengthening occurred, and by October 8 Olaf made landfall wind winds of 60 mph (98 km/h) near Manzanillo, Mexico. Shortly thereafter, Olaf weakened rapidly over the high terrain of the coast. Within 24 hours, Olaf had dissipated inland.
Preparations and Impact.
While Olaf was at peak strength, a tropical storm warning issued for Punta San Telmo to Lazaro Cardenas and a hurricane warning was issued from Punta San Telmo to San Blasincluding the Islas Marias. The next day, the tropical storm warning was extend to include Manzanillo. At that same time, a hurricane watch was issued from San Blas to Mazatlán. In addition, hurricane warning was extend to include areas from Manzanillo to San Blas including the Islas Marias. Thee hours later, when Olaf was revealed to be much weaker, the hurricane warnings and hurricane watches were canceled. However, the tropical storm warnings remained in effect until October 7. A yellow alert was declared in Mexican states Michoacán, Colima, and Jalisco, and green alert was declared in Baja California Sur, Sinaloa, Nayarit, and Guerrero. Local authorities also opened shelters.
Olaf was a part of a rainy year in Mexico, producing more rain than Hurricane Nora. Although no deaths were reported, flooding caused serve damage to roadways and crops in the Mexican state of Jalisco. In the same state, more than 12,000 homes were damaged. In state of Guanajuato, an estimated total of 15,000 people were impact from the floods. In addition, two communities were isolated. After the hurricane, a program wanted donation from food to basic home supplies. Moisture from the remnants of Nora and Olaf interacted with an upper-level low to produce heavy rainfall across Texas, producing flooding near Waco that forced a family to evacuate in McGregor. The floodwaters closed portions of Interstate 35, U.S. Route 84, and Texas State Highway 36. It also spawned a tornado in Sugar Land that damaged four buildings, including a school.

</doc>
<doc id="20075330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075330" title="Safwan al-Qudsi">
Safwan al-Qudsi

Safwan al-Qudsi (, b. 1940) is the Secretary General of the Syrian Arab Socialist Union Party, a member of the central leadership of the National Progressive Front which controls the Syrian legislature, and chairman of the Arab Parties Congress.
Safwan al-Qudsi received his bachelor's degree in philosophy from the University of Damascus. From 1972 to 1974 he was an assistant editor of the magazine "Knowledge" ("المعرفة"), a chief editor from 1974 to 1978. From 1980 through 1981 he was editor-in-chief of "Moral" ("الأدبي") a literary magazine.
Safwan al-Qudsi was elected to the legislature in 1977, and was a Minister of State from 1978 to 1980. Since 1981 he has been a member of the central leadership of the National Progressive Front. He has been the Secretary General of the ASU since 1984. He is member of the Syrian Society for Research and Studies (جمعية البحوث والدراسات).
In March 2000 Safwan al-Qudsi's wife, Bari'a al-Qudsi, was appointed as Minister of Labor and Welfare, representing the ASU party in the cabinet. She lost the position in the December 2001 governmental reshuffle.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="20075331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075331" title="Stephen Paul Miller">
Stephen Paul Miller

Stephen Paul Miller is an American poet and academic. He has written five books of poetry, one critical volume, and co-edited two critical collections.
Miller's poetry books include "Being with a Bullet" (Talisman), "Skinny Eighth Avenue" (Marsh Hawk Press), "Art Is Boring for the Same Reason We Stayed in Vietnam" (Domestic), "The Bee Flies in May" (Marsh Hawk Press), and the forthcoming "Fort Dad" (Marsh Hawk Press). He is also the author of "The Seventies Now: Culture as Surveillance" (Duke University Press) and "Screwball Consensus: Franklin Roosevelt, Alan Turing, and Preston Sturges". With Terence Diggory, Miller co-edited Scene of Our Selves: New Works on the New York School Poets (National Poetry Foundation, University of Maine, Orono) and, with Daniel Morris, Secular Jewish Culture/Radical Poetic Practice (University of Alabama Press). Miller teaches English at St. John's University.

</doc>
<doc id="20075343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075343" title="Schimmelpenninck (family)">
Schimmelpenninck (family)

Schimmelpenninck is the name of two families belonging to the Dutch nobility.
History.
The first recorded members of the family lived in the 14th century Zutphen and belonged to the political elite of that city. 
Two branches exist nowadays:
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of the family is two crossed, black keys on a silver surface.

</doc>
<doc id="20075348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075348" title="California Integrated Waste Management Board">
California Integrated Waste Management Board

The California Integrated Waste Management Board, CIWMB, was a state agency of California dealing with recycling and waste reduction. The CIWMB was created in 1989, and abolished in 2010. 
The CIWMB's duties and responsibilities were transferred to the California Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery in 2010. 
History.
The predecessor of the CIWMB was the State Solid Waste Management Board (established 1972), which was renamed the California Waste Management Board in 1982. 
The CIWMB was established in 1989 under AB 939 introduced by Byron Sher of the California State Assembly and signed into law by Governor George Deukmejian.
The CIWMB was one of six agencies under the California Environmental Protection Agency (abbreviated Cal/EPA, to distinguish it from the federal United States Environmental Protection Agency—EPA). The CIWMB was led by a six-member policy-making Board. Four members of the Board were appointed by the governor, and each branch of the Legislature made one appointment. Board terms ran for up to four years.
The stated mission of the CIWMB was to "promote the reduction of waste whenever possible; to manage all materials to their highest and best use; and to protect public health and safety and the environment."
Accomplishments.
When the CIWMB was established, California diverted only 10 percent of solid waste out of landfills and into recycling and/or reuse projects. By 2007, the waste diversion rate had increased to 58 percent. The CIWMB's cooperative efforts with California's local jurisdictions (counties and municipalities) in furtherance of AB 939's mandate to reach 50 percent waste diversion contributed to the rise.
The CIWMB worked to implement programs to seek "a higher and better use" for an estimated 92 million tons of waste generated each year in California. Specifically, the CIWMB provided grants and loans that helped California's recycling industry; used incentive grants and loans to help spur the private sector into developing new markets for recycled materials; cleaned up solid waste disposal sites; and cleared illegal waste tire disposal sites. The CIWMB also regulated California landfills; promoted the proper disposal of used motor oil; promoted the reuse and recycling of electronic waste; coordinated the safe disposal of sharps waste; and encouraged the purchase of environmentally preferable devices. 
California Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery—CalRecycle.
In 2005, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed to eliminate the CIWMB as well as 87 other state boards and commissions. California State Senator Tony Strickland introduced Senate Bill (SB) 63 in January 2009 to dissolve the CIWMB; Schwarzenegger signed SB 63 into law in July 2009. The California Integrated Waste Management Board—CIWMB became defunct on January 1, 2010. 
The California Integrated Waste Management Board was replaced by the California Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery—CalRecycle, also under Cal/EPA, in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="20075370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075370" title="MS Azura">
MS Azura

MS "Azura" is a cruise ship operated P&O Cruises and owned by Carnival PLC. The ship was built by Fincantieri at their shipyard in Monfalcone, Italy. At 115,055 tonnes, "Azura" is the second largest of seven ships currently in service with P&O Cruises. She is also the sister ship of MS "Ventura". She officially entered service with the company in April 2010 and was named by Darcey Bussell.
Delivery.
"Azura" is a "Grand" class ship, with a modified design which distinguishes her from early ships of the same class. Construction of "Azura" began in 2008 when her keel was officially laid on 27 October 2008. A ceremonial float out took place on Friday 26 June 2009, in which she was blessed by a priest, with Amanda Dowds, wife of the ship's captain, acting as her Godmother. The formal handover took place on 26 March 2010.
Maiden voyage.
"Azura's" maiden voyage began on 31 March 2010, when she departed from the Fincantieri shipyard en route to Southampton. She arrived in the UK on 7 April 2010 at 9:12am. "Azura" cruise with passengers began on 12 April 2010.
Christening.
"Azura" was christened at 08:20 pm on 10 April 2010, by godmother Darcey Bussell. As well as performing the traditional bottle breaking ceremony, as a former principal dancer of the Royal Ballet, Bussell presented a dance performance by Royal Ballet School as part of the celebrations.
"Azura" was originally registered in her homeport of Southampton, UK, but on November 2011 she was re-registered to Hamilton, Bermuda, bringing her in line with her other P&O fleetmates and enabling wedding ceremonies to be conducted on board.
Design.
"Azura" is designed to appeal more to P&O's traditional client base and returning customers, whereas sister ship "Ventura" is more family orientated, and attracts new, often younger clients. For the first time in the P&O Cruises fleet, "Azura" features eighteen single staterooms, however sister ship Ventura received this feature after her 2013 refit. There are 900 cabins with private balconies and a number of spa staterooms with access to the Oasis Spa. Azura is the only Grand Class ship to feature a "Duck Tail" stern.
The ship also features a dance floor in the atrium, a New York styled show lounge and a modern interpretation on a London pub.
For the first time in the P&O Cruises fleet, "Azura" features an open air cinema screen similar to those found on Princess Cruises ships such as "Caribbean Princess". The screen, known as the SeaScreen is situated in front of the funnel.
Facilities.
"Azura" features many rooms and facilities common on other ships in the fleet. Following a company tradition, the English style pub is named "Brodie's", in tribute to Brodie McGhie Wilcox, co-founder of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. The ship's main dining rooms are also given the traditional names of the Peninsular, Oriental and Meridian restaurants.
In total, the ship has eleven restaurants and eating areas, twelve bars and places to drink, four pools, a gym, two spas, outdoor cinema, a theatre and two show lounges.
Select dining.
In common with other ships in the fleet, "Azura" has 'select dining'; premium dining venues with passengers paying a cover charge to dine. "Sindhu" is an Indian restaurant with menu devised by Atul Kochhar. "The Glass House" is a restaurant and wine bar concept devised by television wine expert Olly Smith. "Seventeen" serves classic and modern British cuisine with traditional silver service.
Other.
The ship's main entertainment is an 800 seat theatre known as the Playhouse Theatre. She also features The Retreat, an outdoor spa terrace exclusively for adults. Azura also has the Oasis Spa and Thermal Suite which has couple and balcony treatment rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20075390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075390" title="PackJacket">
PackJacket

PackJacket is an open source application to create cross-platform Java installers. The installer generated can be a JAR or an EXE.
PackJacket takes care of the XML code, compiling to Java, and wrapping into an EXE for faster and simpler generation of installers.
PackJacket is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="20075406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075406" title="Efecto Dominó">
Efecto Dominó

Efecto Dominó is an album by Chetes, released on April 15, 2008. The album received a Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album.
Track list.
All songs written by Chetes except where noted:

</doc>
<doc id="20075410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075410" title="Villosa taeniata">
Villosa taeniata

Villosa taeniata, common name the Painted creekshell, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20075413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075413" title="Ivan Dimov">
Ivan Dimov

Ivan Dimov () was a Bulgarian actor. He finished the acting school at the Ivan Vazov National Theatre and spent the next 39 years playing on the stage. Meanwhile he managed to star in some of the most prominent Bulgarian films of the 1950s and 1960s like "Kalin Orelat" and "Tyutyun". For his contribution to the cinema Dimov was awarded the title "People's artist" (very popular in Communist Bulgaria).

</doc>
<doc id="20075435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075435" title="Liuxing Hudie Jian">
Liuxing Hudie Jian

Meteor, Butterfly, Sword () is a 1973 wuxia novel by Gu Long. It is the basis of a 1976 film "Killer Clans", a 1978 television series produced by Hong Kong's CTS, the 1993 film "Butterfly and Sword", a 2003 mainland Chinese television series and a franchise of video games.
"A shooting star burns but briefly, but while it burns what other star in the heavens is as bright, as brilliant. When a shooting star appears not even the stars in the enduring constellations can match its light. The life of a butterfly is delicate even more fragile than flowers, but alas it lives only in the spring. It is beauty, it is freedom, it is flight. Although its life is short it is fragrant. Only swords, in comparison are eternal. A swordsman holds his light, his brilliance and light in his hands, but should the sword feel emotion will its brilliance be as short as that of a meteor."
The novel touches on the themes of life, love and ambition and what is endured, betrayed and sacrificed to achieve each.

</doc>
<doc id="20075440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075440" title="Incident at Antioch">
Incident at Antioch

The Incident at Antioch was an Apostolic Age dispute between the apostles Paul and Peter which occurred in the city of Antioch around the middle of the first century. The primary source for the incident is Paul's Epistle to the Galatians . Since Ferdinand Christian Baur, scholars have found evidence of conflict among the leaders of Early Christianity; for example James D. G. Dunn proposes that Peter was a "bridge-man" between the opposing views of Paul and James the Just. The final outcome of the incident remains uncertain resulting in several Christian views of the Old Covenant to this day.
Gentile Christians and the Torah.
As Gentiles began to convert from Paganism to Christianity, a dispute arose among Christian leaders as to whether or not Gentiles needed to observe all the tenets of the Law of Moses. In particular, it was debated whether Gentile converts needed to be circumcised or observe the dietary laws; circumcision especially being considered repulsive in Hellenistic culture.
Probably completely independent of Paul (see Possible conversion of Gamaliel for a counterview) but around the same time period, the subject of "Gentiles and the Torah" was also debated among the rabbis as recorded in the Talmud. This resulted in the doctrine of the Seven Laws of Noah, to be followed by gentiles, as well as the determination that "gentiles may not be taught the Torah." The 18th-century Rabbi Jacob Emden was of the opinion that Jesus' original objective, and especially Paul's, was only to convert Gentiles to the Seven Laws of Noah while allowing Jews to follow full "Mosaic Law". See also Dual covenant theology.
Paul was a strong advocate of the position that Gentiles need not be circumcised nor observe dietary laws, a position which some took to advocate Antinomianism. Others, sometimes termed Judaizers, felt that Gentile Christians needed to fully comply with the Law of Moses.
Council of Jerusalem.
Paul left Antioch and traveled to Jerusalem to discuss his mission to the Gentiles with the Christian "pillars of authority." Describing the outcome of this meeting, Paul says "they recognized that I had been entrusted with the good-news for the un-circumcised." Acts of the Apostles describes the dispute as being resolved by Peter's speech and concluding with a decision by James the Just to not require circumcision from gentile converts. Acts quotes Peter and James as saying:
This Apostolic Decree is still observed by the Greek Orthodox Church.
However, the historical reliability of the Acts of the Apostles is disputed. See also Dual-covenant theology.
Incident.
According to the Epistle to the Galatians chapter 2, Peter had traveled to Antioch and there was a dispute between him and Paul. The Epistle does not exactly say if this happened after the Council of Jerusalem or before it, but the incident is mentioned in Paul's letter as his next subject after describing a meeting in Jerusalem which scholars often consider to be the council. says:
When Peter came to Antioch, I opposed him to his face, because he was clearly in the wrong. Before certain men came from James, he used to eat with the Gentiles. But when they arrived, he began to draw back and separate himself from the Gentiles because he was afraid of those who belonged to the circumcision group.
To Paul's dismay, the rest of the Jewish Christians in Antioch sided with Peter, including Paul's long-time associate Barnabas:
The rest of the Jews joined in this charade and even Barnabas was drawn into the hypocrisy.
The Acts of the Apostles relates a fallout between Paul and Barnabas soon after the Council of Jerusalem, but gives the reason as the fitness of John Mark to join Paul's mission (). Acts also describes the time when Peter went to the house of a gentile. says:
The apostles and the believers throughout Judea heard that the Gentiles also had received the word of God. So when Peter went up to Jerusalem, the circumcised believers criticized him and said, "You went into the house of the uncircumcised and ate with them."
This is described as having happened before the death of King Herod (Agrippa) in 44 AD, and thus years before the Council of Jerusalem (dated c. 50). Acts is entirely silent about any confrontation between Peter and Paul, that or any other time.
There is some debate that the confrontation was actually not between Paul and Peter, the Apostle, but another one of the identified 70 disciples of the time with the same name as Peter. In 1708, a French Jesuit, Jean Hardouin wrote a dissertation that argues "Peter" was actually "another Peter", thus the emphasis of using the name Cephas (Aramaic for "Peter").
Outcome.
The final outcome of the incident remains uncertain; indeed the issue of Biblical law in Christianity remains disputed to this day. The "Catholic Encyclopedia" states: "St. Paul's account of the incident leaves no doubt that St. Peter saw the justice of the rebuke." In contrast, L. Michael White's "From Jesus to Christianity" states: "The blowup with Peter was a total failure of political bravado, and Paul soon left Antioch as persona non grata, never again to return."
According to church tradition, Peter and Paul taught together in Rome and founded Christianity in that city. Eusebius cites Dionysius, Bishop of Corinth as saying, "They taught together in like manner in Italy, and suffered martyrdom at the same time." This may indicate their reconciliation. In , Paul's letters are referred to as "scripture", which indicates the respect the writer had for Paul's apostolic authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20075445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075445" title="Pavel Mikšík">
Pavel Mikšík

Pavel Mikšík (born July 27, 1943) is a Slovak architect and designer working in the field of fountain design.
Biography.
Pavel Mikšík was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. He was introduced to fine arts in early childhood by his father. In school he excelled in both drawing and technical subjects. His interest in design and architecture influenced the choice of his further studies - he decided on the Faculty of Architecture at the Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava. After disappointment with the state of architecture at that time in Czechoslovakia, when any creativity was banned from architectural planning, Mikšík changed to the Department of Sculpture at the Academy of Fine Arts and Design in Bratislava. He graduated in 1968.
Early works.
During studies in 1966 he won first prize in graphic design competition for a magazine layout, which became his first real project. After graduation Mikšík won another First prize, this time for Dr. Clementis Memorial. Later on he was awarded First prize in many other national and international competitions. His spectrum ran from bronze figures, ceramics, glass, artprotis, graphics and industrial design. Mikšík workeds on a sailboat project as well as an avant-garde sportscar "Esox", which became a buzzword in the media in 1974.
Contemporary works.
Mikšík has specialised in the creation of fountains, from interior and drinking fountains to large-scale monumental pieces. He approacheds his fountains as complete solutions, from water shape and engine calculations, to design of the whole monumental piece. One of his most popular creations is the Singing Fountain in the Czech spa town Mariánské Lázně. It is a complex sound-water-light piece which provides daily concerts.
Memberships.
Mikšík is a member of Professional Artist Group ART-CLUB+8. He takes part in annual exhibitions. He works and lives near Bratislava, Slovakia.
List of major works.
In front of the VUB headquarters in Bratislava this object was installed in 1996. Its purpose is to protect the ventilation entrance of the bank's air conditioning system. It was designed as a piece of art which has to satisfy various technical and security requirements. Materials used: stone, stainless steel, eloxed aluminum.
Fountain is literally growing out of the paving in front of the main entrance to the VUB Headquarters. The fountain uses a classic water management solution with an underground reservoir. During the winter, although without water (due to temperatures below 0) it is still a valued sculpture. The concentric composition gives an impression of a dynamic relief. The piece is made of granite and polished and gilded stainless steel. In the night hours it is lit with different light sources. Year of installation: 1996.
On demand of the local firefighters in Samorin the memorial with sculpture of St Florian has been created. This monument has been installed in 1994 next to the main entrance to the cemetery in Samorin. St Florian is made of bronze, body of the memorial of artificial stone.
Fountain embedded in front of the Town Hall in Karlskrohn (Germany). Created in 1993 as a winning project for international competition. The fountain is in principle an artesian well, with its own lights in the night time. This fact is the main idea of the project, which represents life-giving spring water opening the earth surface. The fountain is made of stainless steel and granite.
For the 750th anniversary of obtaining the municipal status in Trnava a jubilee fountain was created on the Main Square. The fountain consists of 750 jets aligned in a circular array. Made in 1990 from stainless steel and stone from the local quarry.
The fountain is situated in front of the Karolina's Source in the spa town Marianske Lazne. The sculptural part is composed of a bronze fan arch with natural motives, embedded in an opening granite plateau. This piece is impressively lit during the night time. Created in 1987.
This fountain patronizing the Cross Spring in the Eastern part of the spa colonnade in Marianske Lazne was created in 1987. It is a composition of convex shapes made of stainless steel, embedded into the stone paving.
Designed in 1977 for the Czech spa town Marianske Lazne for the centre of the colonnade. Since its creation The Singing Fountain has been the most admired and visited attraction in Marianske Lazne and surroundings. The attractiveness of this multimedia fountain created from granite and stainless steel lies in the regular evening concerts when the water, light and music creates a stunning choreography. Several famous music composers created music directly for this fountain. With its qualities and options, at the time of its creation, it was the only one of its kind in the world.
In the city park of the Aspremonte Palace; this composition of three drinking fountains. Various heights are respected and the smallest of the group is accessible to children as, who are often coming for a refreshment from the nearby playground. Made of marble and stainless steel in 1986.
Installed in 1986 for baroque park Medical Garden with the aim to visually match with the style of the park. The choice of material was baroque as well - bronze and sandstone. This fountain is able to create several water shapes and has its own light system as well. The pool has a baroque ground-plan, with park seating around it creating a beautiful scenery for the heart of the fountain which is composed of four bronze swans.
Situated in the garden of baroque Aspremonte Palace. A composition of 4 pigeons enjoying a quick bath in a fountain, created in 1986 in the place of original baroque fountain which has not been preserved. Main body is made of sandstone, pigeons are made of bronze.
Installed in the Mierove Square, created with coauthors T. Bartfay and K. Lacko
During the reconstruction of the Presidential Palace in Bratislava this fountain has been installed in the park opposite the palace. It is a composition of three girls playing with a ball and was created with coauthors T.Bartfay and K. Lacko. Made of bronze and stone.
Situated in the main square of a Slovak town Ziar nad Hronom, famous as one of the biggest aluminum producers in the economic region. This fact was taken into consideration for planning of the placement and shape of the fountain. Removed in 2000 due to reconstruction works.
Originally designed for City Park in Bratislava as a kinetic piece using sound and light effects. Mobile parts of the fountain were powered by water. Made of stainless steel resting on ceramic plateau. In 1986 moved to its current location.
This is the winning concept of an anonymous competition in 1970, for Dr. Vladimir Clementis memorial in Tisovec. This was author's first large-scale project after graduating from Art University and as a victory in national competition a good start of a successful career. The monument was made of stainless steel and granite in cooperation with J. Horvat. Installed in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20075459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075459" title="Juan Martínez">
Juan Martínez

Juan Martínez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20075469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075469" title="Indoor Cricket World Cup">
Indoor Cricket World Cup

The Indoor Cricket World Cup is the premier international championship of both men's and women's Indoor Cricket. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the World Indoor Cricket Federation (WICF) and is held every two or three years. The first Indoor Cricket World Cup contest was organised in England in 1995. Separate world championships are held for both junior and masters age groups with the Junior World Series of Indoor Cricket and the Masters World Series of Indoor Cricket held at similar intervals.
The World Cup is contested by the members of the WICF (though member nations have not always entered teams) and beyond being an affiliated member of that body there are no formal qualifications for entry. Australia have been the most successful side having won every world title in both divisions to date.
The 2014 Indoor Cricket World Cup is to be held in New Zealand.
Tournament Format.
Whilst the precise nature of the tournament has varied slightly over the years, each tournament usually follows a simple round robin format followed by finals contested by the highest placed sides. The semi finals are contested by the top four sides and more often than not the winner of each semi final progresses to the World Cup final.
The tournament usually takes place over the course of 7 to 10 days and is sometimes run in conjunction with the Masters World Series or the Junior World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20075496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075496" title="Executive Council of the Province of Canada">
Executive Council of the Province of Canada

The Executive Council of the Province of Canada had a similar function to the Cabinet in England but was not responsible to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from its inception in 1841 to 1848. 
Members were advisers to the Governor and later to the Premier of the Province of Canada. Members of the Executive Council were not necessarily members of the Legislative Assembly but were usually members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada. Members were appointed, often for life and came from Canada East and Canada West. The council replaced the Executive Councils of Upper and Lower Canada. It sat from 1841 to 1867, when it was replaced by the Queen's Privy Council of Canada.
The Executive Council sat at several capitals of the Province of Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="20075498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075498" title="Shane Battelle">
Shane Battelle

Shane Battelle (born October 5, 1971) is a retired American soccer player who played with the Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer.
College.
After capping off his senior year at Hazelwood Central High School with a State Championship, Missouri Player of the Year honors and being named a Parade Magazine All-American, Battalle spent one season (1990) playing soccer at Southern Methodist University. He was named to the Soccer America Magazine Freshman All-American Team as one of the best 11 Freshman in the entire country that year. In 1991, he transferred to St. Louis University where he played for the men's soccer team. SLU finished the 1991 season ranked second in the nation. Battelle was team captain his Senior year. The Billikens went to the quarterfinals of the NCAA Division I post-season tournament that season and Battelle was selected as a 1993 first team All American. Battelle was also nominated for the MAC Award and Hermann Trophy as the best player in college soccer but finished behind Claudio Reyna in the voting. He was inducted to the Saint Louis University Hall of Fame in 1999.
Professional.
In January 1994, the St. Louis Ambush selected Battelle in the first round of the National Professional Soccer League draft. The Ambush went on to win the NPSL Championship that season. In the summer of 1995, he played for the St. Louis Knights in the USISL In February 1996, the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer selected Battelle in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. Battelle spent one season playing for Columbus, starting at defensive center midfield. A knee injury suffered that season ended his career.
International.
In 1990, Battelle played with the United States U-20 National Soccer Team (US U-20) in its bid to qualify for the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship. Battelle also played with the U.S. National B Team, a group of the best college players in the country who were seen as prospects for the full U.S National Team, from 1992-1994. The full National Team was composed of only players who had graduated college, at that time. This included a win over Trinidad & Tobago in Trinidad. He was co-captain of the U.S. at the 1993 World University games along with Claudio Reyna, scoring key goals in wins against Ireland and Australia, and notching two goals and an assist in a victory over Nigeria. Battelle also played in the 1990 U.S. Olympic Festival, captaining the North team to the Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20075505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075505" title="Cape Charles (headland)">
Cape Charles (headland)

Cape Charles is a headland, or cape, in Northampton County, Virginia. Located at the southern tip of Northampton County, it forms the northern side of the entrance to the Chesapeake Bay.
Cape Henry, which forms the southern side of the entrance to the Chesapeake Bay, and Cape Charles are collectively known as the Virginia Capes.

</doc>
<doc id="20075507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075507" title="Arthur Emmett">
Arthur Emmett

Arthur Emmett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20075515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075515" title="Xiang-Dong Kong">
Xiang-Dong Kong

Xiang-Dong Kong (born 1968, Shanghai) is a Chinese pianist. He was one of the young musicians featured in "".
Kong was Gold Medalist at the 1988 Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition. In 1992 he won the Sydney International Piano Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20075559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075559" title="Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman">
Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman

Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman are American screenwriters who have worked together on several projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20075577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075577" title="Andreas Hanakamp">
Andreas Hanakamp

Andreas Hanakamp (born July 1, 1966) is an Austrian sailor who has competed in two Olympic Games as well many other sailing events including the 1996 Hong-Kong-Challenge, Bacardi Cup, Rolex Fastnet Race and most recently, is competing in the 2008-09 Volvo Ocean Race.
Hanakamp has sailed over 150,000 miles offshore, with 30,000 miles offshore racing experience. Andreas works as a professional sailor and also owns his own sailing services company based in Austria.
He is married to Nicole, they have three children; Lisa, Nicola and Marie.
Achievements.
Hanakamp is an ambassador to the Year of the Dolphin project.
Volvo Ocean Race.
Hanakamp was the press officer for the 2001-02 Volvo Ocean Race, and skipper for Team Russia in the 2008-09 Volvo Ocean Race.

</doc>
<doc id="20075635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075635" title="Jeffrey Price">
Jeffrey Price

Jeffrey Price may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20075687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075687" title="Staff captain">
Staff captain

Staff captain the English translation of a number of military ranks:
Estonia.
A Staff-Captain ("staabikapten" in Estonian language), was an Estonian military rank in the Naval forces of Estonia, which existed between 1918 in 1922.
Prussia and Russia.
staff captain (Stabskapitän, also: "Stabshauptmann") is a historic military rank, used in the Prussian and Russian armies.
It ranked between the Premierleutnant (later called Oberleutnant) and Hauptmann/Rittmeister in the Prussian army, and between lieutenant and captain in the Russian army. Its holder represented the actual captain and company commander in his absence, frequently and often for long periods, should his (usually noble) Hauptmann show no interest in leading the company, though the Hauptmann would retain his rank, status and uniform.
In the army of Frederick the Great, a regiment's regimentschef, oberst, staff officers, company commanders and those of nearby rank received a far higher rank than the staff captains who "actually" led the company. From this difference later developed the salary difference between a first class "Hauptleute first class" and "Hauptleute second class".
In Russian military the rank counted as a lieutenant captain ("light" captain) or Senior Lieutenant who was in charge of a company-size element.
A similar rank, "yliluutnantti", is in use in Finnish military ranks.
Germany.
Stabshauptmann (StHptm) meaning "Staff Captain", is the highest military rank in the Bundeswehr for specialist officers ("Offiziere des Militärfachlichen Dienstes" (OffzMilFD)).
Bundeswehr.
Instead of being promoted to the rank of major, specialist officers that were holding the rank of Hauptmann (Captain) for a specific time are promoted to the rank of Stabshauptmann and given the salary of a Major. Sometimes regular officers are promoted to a post that is intended for a Stabshauptmann if there is no free post for a Major. 
The badge of rank is four silver stars. It is one of the rarest ranks in the German military. The rank has no history outside the Bundeswehr and has been created especially for the MilFD officers. Those are former NCOs who have accomplished a special training programme through which they are given the opportunity to become officers. Their duties are, however, specific, similar to that of a Warrant officer in the English-speaking armies.
There is no corresponding rank for officers in Bundeswehr Joint Medical Service.
Deutsche Marine (Navy).
The navy equivalent is "Stabskapitänleutnant" (Staff Lieutenant Captain (Navy)). Its rank insignia are two medium stripes with two narrow stripes between the medium ones.
Historical background outside of Bundeswehr.
Historically, a rank named "Stabshauptmann" (also: "Stabskapitän") existed in several German armies in the 18th century. However, while the modern Stabshauptman is a Senior Captain senior to a regular Hauptmann, the historical Stabshauptmann was a Junior captain, ranking below Hauptmann rank. In 18th century armies companies often were "owned" by a noble man, who formally was the company's captain, but did not actually command the unit. Instead, the owner of the company appointed an officer from the company his "Stabshauptmann", who technically served as the Hauptmann's mere staff assistant, but actually led the unit in his place.
The reversing in ranking of "Hauptmann" and "Stabshauptmann" in modern times is consequence of the practice in modern German military organisations (Reichswehr, Wehrmacht) to name the highes rank of a rank group beginning with the prefix "Stabs-", indicating that the holder serves in staff position to officers of the next higher rank group, e.g. during World War II, the highest NCO rank in the German army was Stabsfeldwebel, who served as direct assistant to company-grade officers or in staff function. However, this is no longer represented in the Bundeswehr's post-WWII rank structure since the creation of rank levels senior to the "Stabs-" level of ranks, denoted by the prefix "Oberstabs-" ("Senior Staff-", e.g. Oberstabsfeldwebel). There are no plans to creat the rank of "Oberstabshauptmann".
International comparison.
German pay grade of Stabshauptmann is A13, same as of Major (Hauptmann: A12). According to NATO's STANAG 2116, the NATO rank code of Stabshauptmann is OF-2, same as for regular Hauptmann and therefore equal to Captain rank in other NATO armies. To express the seniority of Stabshauptmann, "OF-2a" or other modifications of the official NATO rank code are in use unofficially.
A similar rank outside the German Bundeswehr is the "primo capitano" (First Captain) in the Italian military.

</doc>
<doc id="20075694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075694" title="Dick Burwell">
Dick Burwell

Richard Matthew Burwell (born January 23, 1940) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Burwell pitched parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1960 and 1961, for the Chicago Cubs. Burwell pitched in a total of five major league games, including one start in 1960 against the Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="20075731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075731" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 117">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 117

The 117th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Columbia County, Luzerne County and Wyoming County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20075734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075734" title="Emelyn Whiton">
Emelyn Whiton

Emelyn Thatcher Whiton (née "Leonard", later "Righter", March 1, 1916 – March 1, 1962) was a female American sailor who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
She was born in New York City and was the wife of Herman Whiton. They married in 1939 and were divorced in 1957. She died in the plane crash of the American Airlines Flight 1 in Jamaica Bay.
In 1952 she won the gold medal as crew member of the American boat "Llanoria" in the 6 metre class event.

</doc>
<doc id="20075740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075740" title="Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement">
Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement

The Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement (ECFA) is a preferential trade agreement between the governments of the People's Republic of China (mainland China) and the Republic of China (Taiwan) that aims to reduce tariffs and commercial barriers between the two sides. The pact, signed on June 29, 2010, in Chongqing, was seen as the most significant agreement since the two sides split after the Chinese Civil War in 1949. It will boost the current US$ bilateral trade between both sides.
Background.
The government of the People's Republic of China uses its influence on neighboring economic powers to prevent them from signing free-trade agreements (FTAs) with Taiwan. Instead, under the leadership of the Kuomintang, Taipei was motivated to sign the ECFA with mainland China partly in hope that once it has this agreement the PRC will stop pressuring other countries to avoid such agreements with Taiwan. The ECFA has been compared with the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangements mainland China signed with the Special Administrative Regions: Hong Kong and Macau.
The deal is thought to be structured to benefit Taiwan far more than mainland China. The "early harvest" list of tariff concessions covers 539 Taiwanese products and 267 mainland Chinese goods. The advantage to Taiwan would amount to , while mainland China would receive benefits estimated at . Mainland China will also open markets in 11 service sectors such as banking, securities, insurance, hospitals and accounting, while Taiwan agreed to offer wider access in seven areas, including banking and movies.
Financial reforms were kicked off on January 16, 2010 with the signing of three Memoranda of Understanding between Taiwan's Financial Supervisory Commission Chairman Sean Chen and three counterpart agencies in Beijing for Banking, Insurance and Securities. The FSC is hoping that Taiwan will get more leniency in the hurdles set by the Chinese government for foreign players. These hurdles have limited the growth of these foreign players relative to their local peers.
Signing and review.
The negotiation process took place over several rounds. Substantive yet informal discussions regarding the ECFA initially took place during the 4th round of SEF-ARATS discussions in December 2009. During this time the delegates for China and Taiwan laid down the framework for the first round of ECFA talks which took place on January 26, 2010 in Beijing. Kao Koong-lian, secretary general and vice chairman of the Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF), led the 13 member Taiwanese delegation while Zheng Lizhong, Vice President of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS), represented China's interests. Subsequent rounds of ECFA talks took place on March 31, 2010 in Taipei and June 13, 2010 in Beijing. The final agreement was signed during the 5th round of SEF-ARATS talks on June 29, 2010 in Chongqing. Chiang Pin-kung, the chairman of Taiwan's SEF represented Taiwan. Chen Yunlin, the President of ARATS, represented mainland China. Taiwan's Executive Yuan approved the ECFA on July 2, 2010 and the Legislative Yuan (parliament) approved the deal on August 17, meaning the deal became law on January 1, 2011. The ECFA came into effect on September 12, 2010.
Issues.
Debate.
There is currently much controversy in Taiwan over the ECFA, including over potential effects on local Taiwanese businesses, as well as on how the government has presented it to the public. The opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) and other pro independence groups believe the ECFA is a cover for unification with China. It neither accord the same rights as a Free Trade Agreement which will reduce manufacturing jobs and average salary, nor accelerate capital outflow and brain drain of management and technology expertise. The opponents of the ECFA also indicated concerns about allowing the influx of mainland Chinese white-collar workers or professionals to work in Taiwan which could put the job security of locals at risk. A debate was held and televised on April 25, 2010.
Protest.
Tens of thousands of people turned to the streets to protest against the signing of the ECFA which would boost two-way trade organized by the Democratic Progressive Party. A spokesman for the DPP said the trade agreement with China will damage the local economy and undermine Taiwan's sovereignty as he was against the One China market concept. President Ma Ying-jeou responded that the signing would not lead to a One China market.
Many protesters fear the agreement will eventually lead Taiwan to the unification with mainland China. The protest originally estimated a turnout of 100,000 people. The DPP said 100,000 took part in the protest, while the police said there were 32,000 people. The demonstration started at 3pm and dismissed by 7pm.
Clash in the legislature.
On July 8, 2010 a Legislative Yuan meeting was held. The DPP insisted the ECFA agreement be reviewed article by article. That demand was rejected by the KMT caucus. A six minute fight then broke out among the legislators. Wang Jin-pyng was at the podium surrounded by other KMT legislators. Liu Chien-kuo (劉建國), Chen-ching (蘇震清) and Kuo Wen-chen (郭玟成) attempted to get to him and failed. Lawmakers threw paper, water and trash at each other. KMT legislator Wu Yu-sheng (吳育昇) was hit in the head by a clock. He had to be transported to National Taiwan University Hospital. A number of other people were involved in the scuffle. Two KMT legislators held DPP chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen responsible for the clash.

</doc>
<doc id="20075764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075764" title="2006 Bavarian Cup">
2006 Bavarian Cup

The 2006 Bavarian Cup was the ninth edition of this competition, organised by the Bavarian Football Association ("BFV"), which was started in 1998. It ended with the TSG Thannhausen winning the competition. Together with the finalist, SpVgg Bayreuth, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2006-07. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2006 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2005-06.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2006-07.
The two clubs, TSG Thannhausen and SpVgg Bayreuth, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2006-07 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20075808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075808" title="Olivier Cazal">
Olivier Cazal

Olivier Cazal (born 1962, Toulouse) is a French pianist.
He was awarded 2nd prizes at the 1988 Maria Canals Competition, the 1991 Concorso Busoni (ex-aequo with Igor Kamenz), the 1991 Long-Thibaud Competition, and the 1992 Sydney International Piano Competition. He won 1st prize at the 1993 Premio de Jaén.
Cazal is internationally active as a concert pianist, and has recorded Francis Poulenc's complete piano works for Naxos Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20075822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075822" title="Nat Mauldin">
Nat Mauldin

Nat Mauldin is an American screenwriter and film producer.

</doc>
<doc id="20075834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075834" title="Behnam">
Behnam

Behnam () is an Iranian / Persian masculine given name or family name, which translates as "distinguished, honorable, reputable, or acclaimed". 
The name is composed of two parts: "beh" (به, meaning "good" or "best") and nâm (نام, meaning "name or reputation").

</doc>
<doc id="20075845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075845" title="Half Thang">
Half Thang

Half Thang is the second album by Oakland, California rapper Richie Rich.
Samples.
"Ruff Neckin'"
"Half Thang"
"Cheap Thrill"
"Triple Gold" (Skit)

</doc>
<doc id="20075853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075853" title="List of military equipment of Cyprus">
List of military equipment of Cyprus

The Cyprus National Guard is a combined arms force and represents the organised air, land and sea capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus. Equipment has in the past, and usually still is, imported from other countries, since the country has only very limited heavy industrial and commercial industrial capacity due to its small population and land mass (excluding Turkish Cyprus). The role of maintaining, upgrading and modifying military equipment is primarily the task of the National Guard Technical Corps, though more complex activities rely upon the availability of civil contracts.
Operational equipment.
This list contains equipment which is in use by the Cypriot armed forces. 
Non-operational equipment.
This list contains equipment no longer in service with the Cypriot armed forces. 

</doc>
<doc id="20075855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075855" title="Rotspitz">
Rotspitz

Rotspitz (literally "redpeak") is a mountain in Liechtenstein, located close to the Swiss border, due east of the Swiss town of Wartau. It is in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, and reaches a height of .

</doc>
<doc id="20075857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075857" title="España (Chabrier)">
España (Chabrier)

España, rhapsody for orchestra ("España, rapsodie pour orchestre") is the most famous orchestral composition by the French composer Emmanuel Chabrier (1841–1894). Written in 1883 after the composer had taken a trip to Spain, it was dedicated to the conductor Charles Lamoureux, who conducted the first public performance on 4 November 1883, at the Théâtre du Château d’Eau for the Société des Nouveaux Concerts in Paris.
Background.
From July to December 1882 Chabrier and his wife toured Spain, taking in San Sebastián, Burgos, Toledo, Sevilla, Granada, Málaga, Cádiz, Cordoba, Valencia, Zaragoza and Barcelona. His letters written during his travels are full of good humour, keen observation and his reactions to the music and dance he came across – and demonstrate his genuine literary gift. In a letter to Edouard Moullé (1845–1923); a long-time musician friend of Chabrier, (himself interested in folk music of Normandy and Spain), the composer details his researches into regional dance forms, giving notated musical examples. A later letter to Lamoureux, from Cadiz, dated 25 October (in Spanish) has Chabrier writing that on his return to Paris he would compose an 'extraordinary fantasia' which would incite the audience to a pitch of excitement, and that even Lamoureux would be obliged to hug the orchestral leader in his arms, so voluptuous would be his melodies.
Although at first Chabrier worked on the piece for piano duet, this evolved into a work for full orchestra. Composed between January and August 1883, it was originally called "Jota" but this became "España" in October 1883. Encored at its first performance, and received well by the critics, it sealed Chabrier's fame overnight. The work was praised by Lecocq, Duparc, Hahn, de Falla (who did not think any Spanish composer had succeeded in achieving so genuine a version of the jota) and even Mahler (who declared it to be "the start of modern music" to musicians of the New York Philharmonic). Chabrier more than once described it as "a piece in F and nothing more".
Music.
After a short guitar-like introduction, the first theme appears low on muted trumpets, and recurs four times during the piece. This is followed by a flowing second theme (bassoons, horns, cellos). Bassoons introduce another idea "ben giocoso, sempre con impeto" after which instrumental sections take up a dialogue with another highly rhythmic theme. After a return to the first theme, another flowing melody "dolce espressivo" on upper strings leads to a climax only broken by a marcato theme on trombones. Instrumental and thematic variants lead the piece to its ecstatic and joyous conclusion.
Chabrier’s "España" inaugurated the vogue for hispanically-flavoured music which found further expression in Debussy’s "Ibéria" and Ravel’s "Rapsodie espagnole".
Orchestration.
Strings; 2 flutes (1 piccolo), 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in B flat, 4 bassoons; 2 horns in F (chromatiques), 2 horns in C (ordinaires), 2 trumpets, 2 cornets à piston, 3 trombones, tuba; timpani, percussion (bass drum, cymbals, triangle, tambourine); 2 harps.
Metronome marking: dotted crotchet = 80. Performances generally last between 6 and 6½ minutes.
Chabrier made two transcriptions of "España":
Other appearances.
Parts of "España" feature prominently in the Waldteufel waltz "España" of 1886. It is also the basis of the melody of the 1956 American popular song "Hot Diggity (Dog Ziggity Boom)" by Al Hoffman and Dick Manning.
In 1961 Roland Petit created a ballet entitled "España" using the score of Emmanuel Chabrier; costumes were by Yves Saint Laurent.

</doc>
<doc id="20075895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075895" title="Martin Gunnarsson">
Martin Gunnarsson

Martin Ingemar Gunnarsson (March 30, 1927 – September 23, 1982) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Töreboda, Västra Götaland County, Sweden and died in Chattahoochee County, Georgia. In 1964 he won the bronze medal in the 300 meter rifle three positions competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20075915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075915" title="Ruskeala">
Ruskeala

Ruskeala () is a rural locality (a settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of republic significance of Sortavala in the Republic of Karelia, Russia. Within the framework of municipal divisions, Ruskeala is a part of Kaalamskoye Rural Settlement in Sortavalsky Municipal District.
History.
Before the Winter War and Continuation War, it was the seat of Ruskeala Municipality of the Viipuri Province in Finland. Ruskeala became the main village of its own parish, independent of Kitee, in 1721.
Quarries.
Not far from the settlement, the Ruskeala marble quarries are located. The deposit was discovered in 1765 and has been in operation since 1769. Integrity of the massif of the marble was cracked in the 20th century due to the use of dynamite. For this reason some quarries were abandoned and inundated. Now these picturesque deep quarries and adits with limpid water serve as a popular tourist attraction.
The quarries, as well as some other marble deposits of Karelia, the Urals, and Italy, supplied various projects in St. Petersburg, including St. Isaac's Cathedral, Marble Palace, St. Michael's Castle, the interiors of the Winter Palace, New Hermitage and Kazan Cathedral, and decorations of the St. Petersburg Metro (namely the Primorskaya and Ladozhskaya stations).
Nature.
The quarry site has been designed to become Ruskeala Park, a regional park. A series of small cascade waterfalls on the Tokhmayoki River is another popular tourist attraction situated near the settlement.
Notable people.
Teuvo Aura (1912–1999), former Mayor of Helsinki and Prime Minister of Finland; and Yrjö Keinonen (1912–1977), the Chief of Defence of the Finnish Defence Forces between 1965 and 1969; were both born in Ruskeala.

</doc>
<doc id="20075954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075954" title="Masters World Series of Indoor Cricket">
Masters World Series of Indoor Cricket

The Masters World Series of Indoor Cricket is the premier international championship of both men's and women's masters Indoor Cricket. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the World Indoor Cricket Federation (WICF) and is held at varying intervals. The first Masters World Series contest was organised in Australia in 2001. Separate world championships are held for both junior and open age groups with the Junior World Series of Indoor Cricket and the Indoor Cricket World Cup held at similar intervals.
The World Series is contested by the members of the WICF (though member nations have not always entered teams) and beyond being an affiliated member of that body there are no formal qualifications for entry. Australia have been the most successful side having won every division with the exception of the Over 30 Women in 2008.
Tournament Format.
Whilst the precise nature of the tournament has varied slightly over the years, each tournament usually follows a simple round robin format followed by finals contested by the highest placed sides. The semi finals are contested by the top four sides and more often than not the winner of each semi final progresses to the World Series final.
The tournament usually takes place over the course of 7 to 10 days and is sometimes run in conjunction with the Junior World Series or other international contests. 
On occasions where insufficient nations enter sides a test series is played in place of a World Series. This occurred in 2005 and 2013 where the only entrants in the Over 30 Women division were Australia and South Africa. Whilst Australia earned the title of World Champions as a result of winning this series the tournament itself was not classified as a World Series and is therefore not included as such.

</doc>
<doc id="20075982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20075982" title="Mario Cabrera">
Mario Cabrera

Luis Mario Cabrera Molina (born 9 July 1956) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker. 
He played almost his entire career in Spain – twelve seasons in representation of three teams, namely Atlético Madrid.
Football career.
Cabrera was born in La Rioja. He started his career in his country with Club Atlético Huracán in 1975, scoring 19 goals in two years. In 1978 he moved to Spain, starting out with CD Castellón in its second division.
In 1980–81 Cabrera joined Atlético Madrid, but struggled for most of his stay there, overshadowed by Mexican Hugo Sánchez. Eventually the pair complemented itself, combining for 33 La Liga goals in the 1984–85 season, as the capital side finished second and won the domestic cup; after Sánchez's departure to Real Madrid he played even more, and started in the following year's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final, lost to FC Dynamo Kyiv.
Towards the end of his career, Cabrera played for Cádiz CF and had a second spell with Castellón (helping it promote to the top level in his first year), retiring at 34 with 209 matches and 63 goals in Spain's main division.

</doc>
<doc id="20076053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076053" title="Allen Chandler">
Allen Chandler

Allen Chandler (born 5 December 1849 in Kensington, London, died 25 December 1926 in Haslemere, Surrey) was a batsman for Surrey in the 1870s.
Chandler played 29 first-class matches between 1873 and 1877, scoring a total of 716 runs. He recorded his highest score of 74 against Cambridge University at The Oval in 1875. He captained the Surrey team during the 1876 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20076074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076074" title="Lassens Natural Food &amp; Vitamins">
Lassens Natural Food &amp; Vitamins

Lassens Natural Food & Vitamins, also known as Lassens Food is a health food store chain and supplier based in Ventura, California. As of 2008, Lassens has nine store locations reaching as far south as Thousand Oaks and as far north as Bakersfield and Santa Maria.
The stores started in the 1970s by Danish immigrants, Hilmar and Oda Lassen in Camarillo. By the early 1980s the store had moved to its current location and expanded. Another store had opened in Oxnard and the two stores were being run by brothers John and Peter. Shortly after, sister, Doris opened the Thousand Oaks location. By the late 1990s, the Simi Valley, Goleta/Santa Barbara, Ventura, and Santa Clarita stores had been opened. Later, the Bakersfield and Santa Maria stores opened doors under the Lassen's name.
Each store is privately owned, run, and managed by their respective owners. They focus on all natural products, organic produce, hormone-free meats and dairy, and herbs and vitamin supplements. They carry a range of natural cosmetics and various other natural products.
During and after the 2008 California elections, the stores, most particularly the Ventura Store, came under fire by opponents of California Proposition 8, citing the owner's donation towards the proposition as a reason to call for a boycott of the store. Calls for boycotts also sparked promises and commitments from potential shoppers to always shop at the stores.

</doc>
<doc id="20076089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076089" title="Kuhgrat">
Kuhgrat

Kuhgrat (or Kuegrat) is the highest of a group of three peaks known as the Drei Schwestern which between them form part of the Austria-Liechtenstein border. It reaches a height of .

</doc>
<doc id="20076094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076094" title="Ponte del Gran Caso">
Ponte del Gran Caso

The Ponte del Gran Caso is a Roman bridge across the Torrente Gran Caso 2 km south of Ascoli Piceno, central Italy.
Today, the structure is surrounded by thick vegetation, and serves only to carry a wood shed. The bridge has a span of 6 m, a width of 3.3 m and is built of travertine. The walls of one ramp feature two flood arches, one of which has a segmental shape and runs from the ground to the quarter point of the main arch rib. A similar segmental relieving arch can be found at another Roman bridge in central Italy, the Ponte di Pioraco.

</doc>
<doc id="20076109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076109" title="Vitaly Samoshko">
Vitaly Samoshko

Vitaly Samoshko (born 1973, Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian pianist. He settled in Belgium in 2001. 
His first significant achievement was a 6th prize at the 1992 Sydney International Piano Competition. He was subsequently awarded 2nd prizes at the 1993 Concorso Busoni, the 1996 Concours de Montreal and the 1998 Arthur Rubinstein Competition before winning the 1999 Queen Elisabeth Competition. He has built an international concert career since.

</doc>
<doc id="20076133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076133" title="High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus">
High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus

The High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus (NSFJ-CN, Simplified Chinese: 南京师范大学附属中学江宁分校, nickname Fu-Zhong-Fen-Xiao 附中分校) is a high school located in Jiangning, Nanjing, People's Republic of China. It was founded in 2003, as the Jiangning Branch of the High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University. The Jiangning Campus totally contains more than 6000 students from different places in Asia. Jiangning Campus also runs real property business, it is the owner of an estate called Long Hu, Wenxinyuan.
Campus History.
Founded on October 5, 2002, The High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus is the Jiangning Branch of the Famous High School, the High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University. While the Campus has only constructed its 20% of the building, it began its enrolment in July 2003. At that time, most of the staff are experienced staff from the city campus, students with high academic result from other cities who failed to enter the city campus, has been introduced to enroll in the Jiangning Campus rather than go back to their hometown, thus, For the first year of its teaching activities began, the Jiangning Campus achieve amazing result among private high schools around Nanjing. In the 2006 College Entrance Examination, 3 of the graduates enter Tsing-Hua University, the best University in China, while the percentage of the student who entered universities rated the 4th in the whole administrative area of Nanjing.
However after its first successful result, most of the experienced staff from the city campus have been replaced with the staff from northern Jiangsu Province and new graduates from universities around Nanjing. With improper administration, the academic result have been reducing every year, in 2007 only 33% of the graduates enter universities, in 2008 the result is even low, less than 30%, while in 2009 the result become better than the past two years, as in 2006 the campus have loaded students with better background by its high achievement on College Entrance Examination, while compare to other high schools in Nanjing, such result is still inferior.
As unpleasant academic achievement in domestic College Entrance Examination, in late 2007, the new principal, Hai-Yein Lee, planned IELTS and TOEFL course within the campus, as student's successful enrollments in a foreign education institutes such as diploma course, foundation program, high school course in western countries and even language course provided by these institutes can be described as "entered famous universities in western countries" to the public. However, due to water high fee band for students from other cities in Jiangsu Province and lower teaching quality than the language education agency such as New Oriental in the Nanjing city, the language courses have never become operational as very few students will choose it.
Students of this Campus.
More than 95% of the students in the Jiangning Campus have Chinese Citizenship, mainly local students from Jiangning and the urban area of Nanjing(It requires less grade in the Nanjing High School Entrance Examination to enter Jiangning Campus than the Urban campus of High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University), besides there are students from Yancheng, Xuzhou, Huai'an and other places in Jiangsu Province.
Jiangning Campus is one of the Institutions in Jiangsu Province with authority from Chinese Education Administration to provide international education, most of the international students in this high school are from South Korea, others are mainly from Hong Kong and Taiwan.
From 2006, due to the improper administration, several campus unexpected incidents have been taken place among the students. In November 2006, a skirmish between 300 Chinese students and 10 South Korean students, took place in the male students dormitory area, at least 2 Korean students were seriously wounded. Just two weeks later another skirmish between the campus high school students and foundation students of the JESIE took place, while light motorcycle and other weaponry has been used by the foundation students. In January 2008, a Year 9 female student committed suicide by jumping down from a campus building, after her death in the Tongren Hospital, the campus blocked all the information on the internet.
Facilities.
According to initial planning, High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus should contain teaching buildings, a dining hall, laboratory buildings, swimming pool, two finished sports field, and a closed type overline bridge connects the teaching area and the dormitory area. Due to the campus' financial shortage, currently only a main building, six teaching buildings, five laboratory buildings, a dining hall, nine dormitory buildings for students and another three apartment buildings for the staff and teachers have been finished, while only one athletic field have been built without seats for the viewers. The Main Building locates in the centre of the Campus, it contains the school library, piano practice rooms, a meeting hall, a performance hall and other facilities. An astronomy observatory is located on the top of the C5 lab building which is run by the Astronomy Association of the High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus. Each of the nine buildings dormitory of the Jiangning campus have six floors. Every floor contains around 28 chambers, one large bathroom and a public toilet with four positions. The bathroom uses voucher. Each chamber are equipped with an air conditioner, a toilet and a balcony. Normally 4 students share one chamber. The dining hall locates in the north of the school mall and the south of the dorm buildings with three floors, normally one meal in the dining hall cost 5-10RMB Yuan.
Fees and Further costs.
High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Jiangning Campus is one of the most expensive high school in Nanjing. Compare with a normal market price of US$200 of a public highschool in Nanjing the school fee for a single semester of a Chinese citizen student is around $1500 depends on his or her performance in High School Entrance Examination. While school fee for a single semester of an international student is around $2500. Other expenses are also higher than other high schools in Nanjing.
Student's Rights in Jiangning Campus.
In Jiangning Campus, the life style of the students with Chinese citizenship has been modified with various restrictions. While all the boarding local students have to get up at 6:00 am, and went to sleep at 10:00 pm. Transmitting devices such as mobile phones and laptops is not allowed to be taken into teaching area by local students, while several paid phones have been installed around the campus for communication purposes of the students, these paid phones normally cost $0.5 per minute. According to the information from current students on board the campus, metal detectors have been used by the staff in order to have more efficiency in restriction of mobile phones. For the 24-hour inspection of the students around Jiangning campus, from the early summer of 2009, night-vision capable surveillance cameras has been installed in most of the walk paths .Furthermore various types of finical penalties have been applied to the offences of the Jiangning campus restrictions, such as $500 fine of incorrect usage of the air conditioners in dormitories.
Transport.
Due to the distance between the city of Nanjing and the campus, only one branchline bus reach the campus. Thus, the school set up a shuttle bus service from Jiangning campus to the city, this service are provided mainly for students live in the city of Nanjing and one return trip cost US$15. Several route options have been made for the trip: Daqiaonanlu Road Route, High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University Urban Campus Route, Muxuyuan Street Route and Nanjing International Centre Route. Intercity service have also been established for the students live faraway, including, Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge- Pukou Route, Dongshan Route. During public holidays airport express and countrylink services are also organized. Heavy transport vehicles have been used to deliver students from the campus to the airport, Xuzhou, Yangzhou, Huai'an and Yancheng.

</doc>
<doc id="20076145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076145" title="SS Guglielmo Marconi">
SS Guglielmo Marconi

SS "Guglielmo Marconi" was a ocean liner launched on 24 September 1961 for Lloyd Triestino's Genoa—Sydney service. Her sister ship was . "Guglielmo Marconi" made her maiden voyage in November 1963. In 1976, Guglielmo Marconi was transferred to the Naples-Brazil-River Plate service of Italia Line. In 1979 she was transferred to Italia Crociere as a full-time cruise ship. This was not a success and she was destined to Costa Lines in 1983.
After a two-year rebuild, the ship reappeared as SS "Costa Riviera" for Costa Cruises in 1985. "Costa Riviera" alternated between Caribbean and Alaskan cruising until 1993. In this year American Family Cruises was launched, a joint venture between Costa and Bruce Nierenburg, to operate cruises aimed at young American families with children. AFC were not successful, and the ship sailed for Genoa in September 1994 where she was converted back to the "Costa Riviera", and began cruising in Europe. "Costa Riviera" was sold for scrap in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20076150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076150" title="Corynebacterium jeikeium">
Corynebacterium jeikeium

Corynebacterium jeikeium is a rod-shaped, catalase-positive, aerobic species of actinobacteria in the genus "Corynebacterium". "C. jeikeium" is pathogenic, typically causing an opportunistic infection seen most frequently in bone marrow transplant patients.
"C. jeikeium" is usually susceptible to vancomycin and tetracycline. Resistance to macrolide antibiotics is often encountered.
It can be acquired in hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20076186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076186" title="Cary Kaplan">
Cary Kaplan

Cary Kaplan is the president and owner of the sports marketing firm Cosmos Sports launched in 2003. The company specializes in consulting for sports teams and leagues in sales, marketing and business operations. High profile clients have included the NHL CFL, MLS, the Chicago Cubs the Houston Rockets and the Phoenix Suns.
""I recommend Cosmos Sports' training to any team or league - it's logical and addresses topical issues in our industry."" Jeff Morander, Vice President, National Hockey League.
In 2013, Cary assumed the role of the President & General Manager of the new Brampton Beast Hockey Club of the Central Hockey League.
From 2005 until October 2009, he served as the Commissioner & Chairman of Canada's only pro soccer league, the Canadian Soccer League Achievements during his tenure included affiliations with Canada's governing body, the Canadian Soccer Association, as well as with Canada's top two Pro Teams Toronto FC and the Montreal Impact and establishment of a television contract with Rogers TV, and a Reserve Divisions..
"CSL Inc. chairman Domenic Di Gironimo acknowledged Cary Kaplan’s tremendous contribution to the CSL. “There’s no doubt that Cary has moved the CSL ahead dramatically during the past few years, such that it is well positioned to occupy the second level professional soccer in Canada. And that’s essential for Canadian soccer. We thank him for his excellent leadership and his generous and very considerable contribution to the Canadian Soccer League.” (October 31, 2009)"
Prior to founding Cosmos Sports, Cary worked for the Edmonton Oilers Hockey Club for six years, the last two as the president and alternate governor of the Oilers top affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs, of the American Hockey League.
""Hockey in Hamilton owes a lot to Cary Kaplan," said Tony Battaglia, Chairman of the Hamilton Bulldogs LP. "In 2000–01, when the team's future in Hamilton looked bleak, Cary organized the 'Stay Dogs Stay' campaign. His efforts resulted in over a thousand new season's tickets being sold, and a new lease with the city. Without Cary's efforts, the team may have folded."
Battaglia added that Kaplan initiated the process that brought the current, local ownership group together, and was instrumental in bringing the Montreal Canadiens and Edmonton to the table. As a result, the Hamilton ownership group was able to secure the Canadiens' AHL franchise
In 1999, he won the Ken McKenzie Award as the AHL's top marketing executive; he has an MBA from Dalhousie University.

</doc>
<doc id="20076212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076212" title="Scrabble (disambiguation)">
Scrabble (disambiguation)

Scrabble is a word game in which two to four players score points by forming words from individual lettered tiles on a game board.
Scrabble may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20076228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076228" title="Viktor Hryshko">
Viktor Hryshko

Viktor Vasyliovych Hryshko (born 2 November 1961) is a Ukrainian coach and former Soviet/Ukrainian footballer, currently vice-president of FC Chornomorets Odessa. He graduated from the Institute of Physical Education (Kiev). He was called to the Ukrainian football national team in 1992 by Viktor Prokopenko, but has never played a single game. From the late 2003, until he was appointed as the interim coach of FC Chornomorets in late 2008, V. Hryshko worked as the administrative staff in the Odessa's club. Hryshko was given a permanent conract later that season, but was fired in August 2009 after a poor start to the following campaign. He was appointed as the vice-president of the club in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20076238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076238" title="Joe Calzaghe vs. Roy Jones, Jr.">
Joe Calzaghe vs. Roy Jones, Jr.

Joe Calzaghe versus Roy Jones, Jr., billed as Battle of the Superpowers was a boxing light-heavyweight superfight. The fight was held on November 8, 2008, at Madison Square Garden. The fight was for Calzaghe's "Ring" light-heavyweight championship.
It ultimately proved to be Calzaghe's final professional bout, as he announced his retirement on February 5, 2009.
Build-up.
After Calzaghe's close split-decision points victory over Bernard Hopkins (see Bernard Hopkins vs. Joe Calzaghe), and Jones's victory over Félix Trinidad, the two signed to fight each other for the "Ring" magazine light-heavyweight championship of the world. After having been originally scheduled for September 20, 2008, the fight was rescheduled when Calzaghe claimed that he injured his wrist in training. The bout was then rescheduled for November 8, 2008.
The fight received considerable media coverage, including the HBO pre-publicity series, "24/7", in three episodes.
The fight.
The fight did not start well for Calzaghe, who was knocked down in the first round. Replays showed the knockdown was caused by an accidental forearm by Jones. However, he composed himself and went out strong in the third round. In round 6 Jones landed a thunderous uppercut that had the crowd on their feet. But in round seven Calzaghe opened a cut above Jones's left eye. Jones was clearly having difficulty as the blood completely impaired his vision. The fight continued all the way to the end of the twelfth round, when the judges awarded Calzaghe the UD win by a wide margin, each scoring the fight 118-109.
Aftermath.
After the fight there were calls for Calzaghe to retire at the top. Former heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis felt that Calzaghe had nothing left to prove in the world of boxing. Ricky Hatton and David Haye echoed this view by saying there was nothing more Joe could achieve,
though double light-heavyweight champion Chad Dawson challenged the champion to one last fight before he retired. In the end, Calzaghe chose to retire, telling the BBC,
Joe was also challenged by the then undefeated British boxer Carl Froch.

</doc>
<doc id="20076251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076251" title="Eschnerberg">
Eschnerberg

Eschnerberg is a range of hills in Liechtenstein. Consisting of seven hills with a height of some 700 metres, the Eschnerberg lies in the Rhine valley in the north of Liechtenstein and is separated from the Alpine ranges which dominate much of the small country.

</doc>
<doc id="20076277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076277" title="Ponte di Pioraco">
Ponte di Pioraco

The Ponte di Pioraco is a Roman bridge in Pioraco, central Italy, presumably erected under emperor Augustus (r. 30 BC–14 AD).
It belonged to a branch road of the Via Flaminia, which ran from Nocera Umbra to the east through Pioraco, San Severino, Treia and Osimo to Ancona. The structure has a single arch vault. At one end a small segmental arch springs from the ground to the quarter point of the main arch; it worked as a floodway. The Ponte del Gran Caso, which is also located in central Italy, features a similar design.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20076279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076279" title="Move (Q-Tip song)">
Move (Q-Tip song)

"Move" is the second single released by American rapper/producer Q-Tip for his album "The Renaissance". It samples "Dancing Machine" by The Jackson 5.
Music video.
The video for this single premiered on BET's 106 & Park on November 4, 2008. Q-Tip appeared on the show and discussed the release date of his album. The video samples from Michael Jackson's Rock with You video. Directed by Rik Cordero.

</doc>
<doc id="20076335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076335" title="György Kárpáti">
György Kárpáti

György Kárpáti (born June 23, 1935) is a Hungarian former water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, 1956 Summer Olympics, 1960 Summer Olympics, and 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest, and is Jewish.
Kárpáti was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 tournament. He played five matches and scored four goals.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won again the gold medal in the 1956 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored at least six goals (not all scorers are known).
At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played four matches and scored five goals.
His last Olympic tournament was in Tokyo 1964 where he won his third gold medal. He played six matches and scored four goals for the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="20076357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076357" title="Arthur Emmett (cricketer)">
Arthur Emmett (cricketer)

Arthur Emmett (1869 – 12 November 1935), the third of six children for Tom and Grace Emmett.
Emmett was a medium pace bowler who played three first-class matches for Leicestershire in 1902. He returned his best figures of 3-48 against London County at Aylestone Road, Leicester, where his victims included the former Australian captain, Billy Murdoch. His third and final appearance was at Lord's against MCC.
He died on 12 November 1935 in Evington, Leicestershire.
Emmett's father, Tom, captained Yorkshire between 1878 and 1882, and played seven Test matches for England, including the inaugural Test match in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="20076383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076383" title="Julien Noël Costantin">
Julien Noël Costantin

Julien Noël Costantin (August 16, 1857 - November 17, 1936) was a French botanist and mycologist who was a native of Paris.
He studied at "École Normale Supérieure de la rue d'Ulm". In 1881 he received his license in natural history and two years later earned his doctorate. In 1883 he was appointed adjunct professor at Bordeaux, and through influence from Philippe Van Tieghem (1839-1914), became an assistant naturalist at the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle" shortly afterwards. 
In 1887 Costantin became a lecturer of botany at "Ecole Normale Superieure". In 1901 he succeeded Marie Maxime Cornu (1843-1901) as chair of horticulture at the museum of natural history. Along with these duties, he taught classes at the "École nationale d’horticulture de Versailles" and at the "École supérieure coloniale de Nogent-sur-Marne". In 1912 he became a member of the French Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20076387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076387" title="Daiyūzan Line">
Daiyūzan Line

The is a commuter railway line of the Izuhakone Railway, a private railroad in Japan. The line connects Odawara Station in the city of Odawara to the Daiyūzan Station in the city of Minamiashigara, both within Kanagawa Prefecture.
History.
The Daiyūzan Line was originally built to carry pilgrims from Odawara city to the Sōtō Zen Buddhist temple of , more popularly known by its mountain name of "Daiyūzan". As originally planned, the line was to have extended to , where it would have connected to the Gotemba Line. Construction began on June 2, 1922. The first phase of construction, connecting with Daiyūzan Station was completed on October 15, 1925. The terminal station was moved from Kari-Odawara to Shin-Odawara Station on April 10, 1927 and finally to Odawara Station on June 16, 1935, at which time both Kari-Odawara and Shin-Odawara stations were closed. The Daiyūzan Line was merged with the Sunzu Line on August 23, 1941, and became part of the Izuhakone Railway in June 1957. From November 25, 1976, the power rating on the line was raised from 600 Volts to 1500 Volts. Automatic wicket gates were installed on all stations by 2003 and were upgraded to accept both the Suica and PASMO IC Card systems by 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20076409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076409" title="National Planning Department (Colombia)">
National Planning Department (Colombia)

The National Planning Department is the executive administrative agency of Colombia in charge of defining, recommending and promoting public and economic policy.
Mission.
The National Planning Department has the mission of defining and promoting the establishment of a strategic vision of the country in the social, economic and environmental sectors through the design, orientation and evaluation of public policies in Colombia, the management and allocation of public investment, the definition of frameworks for the performance of the private sector and the realization of government plans, programs and projects.
History.
Chapter I, Article 3 of Law 19 of 1958 created the Administrative Department of Planning and Technical Services ("Departamento Administrativo de Planeación y Servicios Técnicos"), with the purpose of collecting, preparing, recommending and presenting information to the President to help carry out economic and public policy.
Law 19 also established the National Council on Economic Policy and Planning ("Consejo Nacional de Política Económica y Planeación") as a council headed by the Administrative Department of Planning and Technical Services serving under the president to study and discuss the information presented by the Administrative Department, and to present it to the president for approval. 
In 1968 structural changes were made to the Council and Department, transforming them into the National Council on Economic and Social Policy ("Consejo Nacional de Política Económica y Social", CONPES ), and the now National Planning Department. The new changes gave the DNP a more prominent role in the decision making process and the establishment and direction of national economic plans.
Presidential Development Plans.
Starting in the 1970s, the DNP has elaborated economic plans with the purpose of establishment the direction of the National Economy with an emphasis in planning. These plans are made for each Presidential Term, with a clear plan for action in economic policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20076423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076423" title="Wilfrido Vinces">
Wilfrido Vinces

Wilfrido Antonio Vinces (born December 5, 1983) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Técnico Universitario in the Serie A de Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="20076434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076434" title="Save Some Love">
Save Some Love

"Save Some Love" is a song performed by Keedy, an American freestyle music singer.
The song, written by Greg Gerard, was released in 1991, and reached at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart of that year. The song, included on Keedy's 1991 album, "Chase the Clouds", represents her only hit song to date.
Track listing.
US Cassette Single
US 7" Single
US 12" Single
UK 12" Single
German CD Single
German 7" Single

</doc>
<doc id="20076486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076486" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw F32–34/51–53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw F32–34/51–53

The Women's Shot Put F32-34/51-53 had its Final held on September 10 at 17:00.

</doc>
<doc id="20076487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076487" title="Dezső Lemhényi">
Dezső Lemhényi

Dezső Lemhényi (, December 9, 1917 – December 4, 2003) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest. He was the husband of Olga Tass.
Lemhényi was part of the Hungarian team which won the silver medal in the 1948 tournament. He played six matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20076500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076500" title="Junior World Series of Indoor Cricket">
Junior World Series of Indoor Cricket

The Junior World Series of Indoor Cricket is the premier international championship of both 19 & Under boys and girls, and 16 & Under boys in Indoor Cricket. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the World Indoor Cricket Federation (WICF) and is held every two or three years. The first Junior World Series contest was organised in New Zealand in 2003. Separate world championships are held for both open and masters age groups with the Indoor Cricket World Cup and the Masters World Series of Indoor Cricket held at similar intervals.
The World Series is contested by the members of the WICF (though member nations have not always entered teams) and beyond being an affiliated member of that body there are no formal qualifications for entry. Australia have been the most successful side having won four out of the five world titles to date.
Tournament Format.
Each tournament usually follows a simple round robin format followed by finals contested by the highest placed sides. The semi finals are contested by the top four sides and more often than not the winner of each semi final progresses to the World Cup final.
The tournament usually takes place over the course of 7 to 10 days and is sometimes run in conjunction with the Masters World Series or the World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20076506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076506" title="2008 AFC Champions League Final">
2008 AFC Champions League Final

The 2008 AFC Champions League Final was a two-legged football tie to determine the 2008 champions of Asian club football. Gamba Osaka defeated Adelaide United 5-0 on aggregate to take the title. The first leg took place on 5 November 2008 at 19:00 local time (UTC+9) at Osaka Expo '70 Stadium in Osaka and the second leg took place on 12 November 2008 at 19:30 local time () at Hindmarsh Stadium, Adelaide.
This was the first final to feature a club from Australia and the second season in a row that a Japanese club has made it this far. The winners, Gamba Osaka, received US$600,000 prize money and qualified to represent Asia in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup where they were defeated at the semi final stage by the European champions. Despite losing this final, Adelaide United also qualified for the FIFA Club World Cup by replacing the host country berth, which was provisionally reserved for the J. League champions, and were defeated once against by Gamba Osaka at the Quarter Final stage.
Format.
The rules for the final were exactly the same as for the previous knockout rounds. The tie was contested over two legs with away goals deciding the winner if the two teams were level on goals after the second leg. If the teams could still not be separated at that stage then extra time would have been played with a penalty shootout taking place if the teams were still level after that. 
Route to the final.
Adelaide United.
1Adelaide United's goals always recorded first.
Gamba Osaka.
1Gamba Osaka's goals always recorded first.
Pre-final buildup.
Adelaide United considered applying for permission to play their home leg in a stadium larger than Hindmarsh such as Adelaide Oval or AAMI Stadium but the club eventually decided that it would not be right to play such a big match away from their traditional home despite its smaller capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20076510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076510" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Frederick County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Frederick County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Frederick County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 95 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20076543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076543" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 118">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 118

The 118th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Luzerne County and Monroe County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20076571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076571" title="Volador Jr.">
Volador Jr.

Ramón Ibarra Rivera (born January 26, 1981) is a Mexican "luchador", or professional wrestler, best known for his work under the ring name Volador Jr. with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in his native Mexico, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) in the United States. Volador, Jr. originally worked under a mask and his real name was not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans, but that changed when he lost his mask to La Sombra in September 2013. Volador, Jr. is the son of "Luchador" Volador, who currently wrestles as Super Parka.
Professional wrestling career.
Volador, Jr. made his professional wrestling debut in 1999 after training with his father, the original Volador.
Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (2001–present).
On August 14, 2001 Volador, Jr. competed in the annual "Torneo Gran Alternativa" teaming with Atlantis. The team was eliminated in the semifinals by Black Warrior and Sangre Azteca after having defeated Máscara Año 2000 and Enemigo Publico in the first round. Volador, Jr. participated in a tournament to determine the first ever CMLL World Super Lightweight Champion, but was defeated in the first round to Rocky Romero. On December 5, 2003 he, El Felino and Safari won the vacant Mexican National Trios Championship by defeating the team of Alan Stone, Super Crazy and Zumbido in a tournament final. On August 20, 2004 he competed in the "Torneo Gran Alternativa" once again teaming with Atlantis and once again but they were eliminated in the semifinals, defeated by eventual tournament winners El Hijo del Santo and Místico. In the first round the team had defeated Perro Aguayo, Jr. and Sangre Azteca. Volador, Jr., El Felino and Safari lost the Mexican National Trios Championship on March 25, 2005 to "Pandilla Guerrera" (Doctor X, Nitro and Sangre Azteca). On June 2, 2006 he competed in the "Torneo Gran Alternativa", teaming with Dos Caras, Jr. but were eliminated in the first by Último Guerrero and Nitro. On August 13, 2007 Volador teamed up with El Sagrado and La Sombra to win the Mexican National Trios Championship for the second time.
On January 16, 2009, La Sombra and Volador, Jr., dubbed "Super Sky Team" defeated Averno and Mephisto to win the CMLL World Tag Team Championship Super Sky Team's status as double champions ended on February 3, 2009 when Volador, Jr. El Sagrado and La Sombra lost the Mexican Trios Championship to "Poder Mexica" (Sangre Azteca, Black Warrior and Dragón Rojo, Jr.). Following the title loss Volador, Jr. and La Sombra focused on working as a team, defended their tag team titles eight times through 2009 and 2010. Their teamwork got them voted the "CMLL Tag Team of the year" for 2009 by the fans of CMLL. Volador, Jr. was also voted "Most popular wrestler of the year" in the same poll.
On January 22, 2010 Volador, Jr, teamed up with El Terrible to participate in CMLL's "Torneo Nacional de Pareja Increíbles" ("National Amazing Pairs tournament"), a tournament where CMLL teams up a "Tecnico" (Volador, Jr.) and a "Rudo" (El Terrible) for a tournament. In the second round of the tournament the team faced Averno and Místico. Initially Místico wrestle as the "tecnico" he's been for years, but during the match Místico's attitude seemily changed as he began attacking Volador, Jr., someone he had teamed with for years. Místico even went so far as to ripping up Volador's mask, a "rudo" move, and won the match after an illegal low blow to Volador, Jr. After the match Místico took the microphone and claimed that "all was fair in war and defending Mexico City", a comment that drew a lot of boos from the crowd. The two met in the main event of an Arena México show on February 5, 2010 and this time Místico was clearly a "Rúdo", tearing so viciously at Volador's mask that a new mask had to be brought to the ring during falls. In the second fall Místico pulled his mask off and threw it to Volador, Jr. in an attempt to get Volador, Jr. disqualified. The end came when Volador, Jr. reversed Místico's "La Mística" and won by applying the same move to Místico. Following the match Místico angrily proclaimed "“¡Yo soy la máxima figura de la lucha libre!”." ("I am the greatest figure in wrestling"). On February 12, 2010 Místico lost the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship to Volador, Jr. losing two falls to one. On the February 26 CMLL Super Viernes show it was announced that Místico, Volador, Jr., La Sombra and El Felino would face off in a four way "Lucha de Apuesta" match as the main event of the 2010 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas. La Sombra was the first man pinned at Dos Leyendas and El Felino was the second, forcing the two to put their masks on the line. After a long match La Sombra pinned El Felino. After the match he unmasked and announced that his real name was Jorge Luis Casas Ruiz. Following "Dos Leyendas" Místico announced that he was done being a "rúdo" and returned to the "técnico" side, although Volador, Jr. kept suspicious of Místico. The storyline between the two cooled off for a bit, but in late May, 2010 tension resumed as Místico and Volador, Jr. faced off once again over the Mexican Light Heavyweight Championship, with Volador, Jr. retaining the belt. At the 2010 "Sin Salida" the two were on opposite sides of a "Relevos incredibles", Místico teamed with Máscara Dorada and Mr. Águila while Volador, Jr. teamed with Averno and Negro Casas. Averno came to the ring wearing the same combined Averno/Místico mask he had worn for the "Parejas Incredibles" tournament and tried to convince Místico to join the "rúdo" side, only to turn around and reveal that both he and Volador, Jr. were wearing a combined Averno/Volador, Jr. mask underneath. Volador, Jr. worked as a "rúdo" throughout the match, losing the match for his team when he tried to cheat but was caught by the referee. On July 12, 2010, at the Promociones Gutiérrez 1st Anniversary Show Volador, Jr. participated in a match where 10 men put their mask on the line in a match that featured five "pareja incredibles" teams, with the losing team being forced to wrestle each other with their mask on the line. His partner in the match was El Alebrije, facing off against the teams of Atlantis and Olímpico, Místico and El Oriental, Histeria and La Sombra, Último Guerrero and Averno. Volador, Jr. and El Alebrije was the second team to escape the match. In the end Místico defeated El Oriental to unmask him. After teasing a "rudo" turn for over a month Volador, Jr. and La Sombra lost the CMLL World Tag Team Championship to the "Los Invasores" team of Mr. Águila and Héctor Garza on July 23, 2010 without any signs of dissention between the two. During a later show Volador, Jr. finally turned "rudo" when he attacked La Sombra, tore his former partner's mask off and beat him up. During the 2010 Universal Championship tournament Volador, Jr. defeated Valiente in the first round. In the second round Volador, Jr. faced La Máscara and cemented his status as a "rudo" when he was disqualified for excessive violence against La Máscara. He kept attacking La Máscara after the match ended, leaving La Máscara an easy victim for his next round opponent, Jushin Liger.
Following the Super Viernes on August 13, 2010 where he attacked La Máscara Volador, Jr. began being booked as "rudo", although the on again, off again feud with Místico was put to the side in favor of Volador, Jr. against La Sombra. The feud between the two led both wrestlers to be booked in the main event of the CMLL 77th Anniversary Show, a 14-man steel cage "Lucha de Apuesta", mask vs. mask match. Volador, Jr. was the 10th man to leave the steel cage, keeping his mask safe. The match came down to La Sombra pinning Olímpico to unmask him. On September 17, Volador, Jr. picked up one of the biggest wins in his CMLL career, defeating Místico in the finals of a tournament to win the Copa Bicentenario. On October 5, 2010, Volador, Jr. lost the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship to La Máscara, ending his reign at 236 days. After losing the title, Volador, Jr. spent several months not doing anything significant in CMLL until he took over the "Los Invasores" stable in July 2011, when its leader Héctor Garza turned "tecnico". On September 18, Volador, Jr. unsuccessfully challenged former partner La Sombra for the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship, in a match, which received rave reviews. Two days later, Volador, Jr. led Olímpico and Psicosis II of "Los Invasores" to the Mexican National Trios Championship, when they defeated the trio of Ángel de Oro, Diamante and Rush. Volador, Jr. continued his impressive run on September 23 by defeating eleven other men in a "torneo cibernetico" to advance to the finals of the 2011 Leyenda de Plata. On October 7, Volador, Jr. defeated Jushin Liger to win the tournament. "Los Invasores" lost the Mexican National Trios Championship to Atlantis, Delta and Guerrero Maya, Jr. on December 16, 2011. On January 21 and 2, 2012, Volador, Jr. took part in the CMLL and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) co-produced "Fantasticamania 2012" events in Tokyo. On the first night, Volador, Jr. teamed with Kazuchika Okada to defeat the team of Hiroshi Tanahashi and La Sombra. In the main event of the second night, Volador, Jr. unsuccessfully challenged La Sombra for the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship. On February 14, Volador, Jr. defeated La Máscara to win the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship for the first time. On March 30, Volador, Jr. lost the title to New Japan Pro Wrestling representative Prince Devitt.
On June 20, 2012, Volador, Jr. formed the "Los Depredadores del Aire" ("The Predators of the Air") group alongside Black Warrior and Mr. Águila. Two days later, "Los Depredadores del Aire" defeated "Los Reyes de la Atlantida" (Atlantis, Delta and Guerrero Maya, Jr.) to win the Mexican National Trios Championship. For July 29, Volador, Jr. traveled to Tokyo, Japan, in an attempt to regain the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship from Prince Devitt, but would eventually fail in his title challenge. The following month, Volador, Jr. started a rivalry with Mr. Niebla, for which he was positioned as a "tecnico" even though still being a part of "rudo" stable "Los Invasores". On October 30, "Los Depredadores del Aire" lost the Mexican National Trios Championship back to "Los Reyes de la Atlantida". In January 2013, Volador Jr. returned to Japan to take part in the three-day "Fantasticamania 2013" event. During the first night on January 18, he teamed with Taichi and Taka Michinoku to defeat La Máscara, Mascara Dorada and Máximo in a six man tag team match. The following night, Volador Jr., Kazuchika Okada and Rey Escorpión defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi, La Máscara and Rush in another six man tag team match. During the third and final night, Volador Jr. unsuccessfully challenged La Máscara for the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship. Upon his return to Mexico, Volador Jr. survived a "torneo cibernetico" on January 22 to advance to a final match for the vacant CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship against the other survivor, Rey Escorpión. On January 29, Volador Jr. was defeated in the finals of the tournament by Escorpión. Following their clash over the Reyes del Aire trophy Volador, Jr. and La Sombra were teamed up for the 2013 "Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles" tournament, the same tournament that in 2010 was the impetus for Volador, Jr.'s "rudo" turn. The rivals put their issues aside for the tournament defeating the teams of Guerrero Maya, Jr. and Negro Casas, La Máscara and Averno and finally Shocker and Mr. Niebla to qualify for the finals of the tournament. On March 15, 2013, at the 2013 "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" show, Volador, Jr. and La Sombra defeated Altantis and Último Guerrero to win the "Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles". The truce between La Sombra and Volador, Jr. that allowed them to win the tag team tournament only lasted until the next time the two rivals were in the same ring. On Sunday February 17, 2013 La Sombra teamd up with Mark Jindrak and Místico "La Nueva Era" against Volador, Jr. Euforia and Último Guerrero. During the match Volador, Jr. attacked both La Sombra and the referee, causing a disqualification before leaving the ring and his confused partners behind. On September 13 at CMLL's 80th Anniversary Show, Volador Jr. and La Sombra defeated Atlantis and Último Guerrero in a "Relevos Suicidas" match and thus advanced to a Mask vs. Mask "Lucha de Apuestas" against each other. In the end, Volador Jr. was defeated and forced to unmask and reveal his real name.
On November 19, Volador Jr. defeated Máscara Dorada to win the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship. Three days later, Volador Jr. began showing signs of a "tecnico" turn by shaking hands with Místico and trying to save him from "Los Guerreros Laguneros", before walking out on his "Los Invasores" partners. His turn was finalized on November 29, when "Los Invasores" attacked him following a "torneo cibernetico" between "Los Invasores" and representatives of CMLL. In January 2014, Volador Jr. returned to Japan to take part in the five-day "Fantasticamania 2014" tour. The third event of the tour, on January 17, was headlined by the first interaction between Volador Jr. and his longtime rival La Sombra, after the former's "tecnico" turn. The match, wrestled under "Match Relampago VIP" rules, ended in a ten-minute time limit draw. Two days later, in the final match of the tour, Volador Jr. successfully defended the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship against Máscara Dorada.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2008).
In 2008 Volador, Jr. was given an opportunity to travel to the United States and compete for the Florida based Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as part of their 2008 World X Cup tournament. TNA decided to simply drop the "Junior" part of his name and promote him as "Volador". He was part of Team Mexico, working with Rey Bucanero, Último Guerrero and Averno, with TNA ignoring the fact that Volador, Jr. had been rivals with all three wrestlers in Mexico. He made his TNA debut in an Ultimate X match at TNA's Victory Road show on July 13, 2008. During the World X tournament he defeated Kaz, Naruki Doi and Daivari to score four points for his team that allowed Team Mexico to win the by one point. On October 30, 2008, Volador returned to TNA to work his first "Non-X-Cup" match, teaming up with Hiroshi Tanahashi as the two lost to The Motor City Machine Guns (Chris Sabin and Alex Shelley). On the November 7 edition of TNA's weekly "Impact!" television show Volador teamed with Tanahashi to compete in a 4 team Ladder Match where the winning team would get a championship match against TNA World Tag Team Champions Beer Money, Inc.. The match also included Team 3D, The Latin American Xchange and was won by Matt Morgan and Abyss. At TNA's 2008 Turning Point show, Volador participated in a 10-man X Division seeding match. Volador was the second man eliminated from the match, which was won by Eric Young. The Turning Point match was Volador's last match for TNA.
Personal life.
Ibarra is a part of an extended family of wrestlers, including his father Ramón Ibarra Banda who currently wrestles as Super Parka and previous wrestled as Volador, the origin of Volador, Jr.'s ring name. Volador, Jr.'s uncles wrestle as Johnny Ibarra and El Desalmado and he's the cousin on lucha libre legend L.A. Park and wrestler El Hijo de Cien Caras. He's also the great cousin of L.A. Park's son who wrestles as Black Spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="20076573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076573" title="Yankee Stadium Legacy">
Yankee Stadium Legacy

The Yankee Stadium Legacy set is a 6,743-card compilation chronicling every single game New York Yankees game ever played at the original Yankee Stadium, and other notable events. The card set was manufactured by Upper Deck and made its official debut by being randomly inserted into packs of Upper Deck’s 2008 Series 1 Baseball. 
As part of a promotion related to the set, the first five collectors who completed the set of all 6,661 cards inserted into 2008 Upper Deck Baseball products, were to travel to New York during the 2009 New York Yankees season to attend a game at the new Yankee Stadium and meet Yankee Captain, Derek Jeter. The Yankee Stadium Legacy cards representing the 2008 New York Yankees season appeared in 2009 Upper Deck Series One Baseball packs in February 2009 and put an end to the Yankee Stadium Legacy promotion. The five contest winners would receive the 82 cards representing the final season at Yankee Stadium.
Tommy Baxter, a 36-year-old from Little Rock, Arkansas, was the first collector to put together Upper Deck’s Yankee Stadium Legacy (YSL) Collection. Baxter was an avid Cubs fan, and seized the opportunity to become the first collector to piece together the insert set. Baxter's accomplishment was commemorated with a card in 2009 Upper Deck Series One Baseball.
Notable cards.
Some of the notable cards in the set commemorate some of the most famous sporting events that have taken place at Yankee Stadium. Some of these events include: 
Guinness record.
According to a January 2008 Upper Deck press release, The Guinness World Book of Records would certify Yankee Stadium Legacy as the largest baseball card set ever produced, once all the cards are released. 
However, the 1998 Topps TEK set contained 90 different player cards, that were each available in 90 different variations, for a total of 8100 different cards which some collectors consider to be an even larger complete set.
Distribution.
The various sets where the Yankee Stadium Legacy cards were inserted into were: Spectrum; Piece of History; SPx; Upper Deck Series Two; SP Legendary Cuts (Hobby-only); SP Authentic; UDx; and UD Masterpieces. Upper Deck started the website www.OwnTheLegacy.com so that collectors could find out more about the Yankee Stadium Legacy set. Alphanumeric codes found on the backs of Yankee Stadium Legacy cards can be entered at the site, and collectors will can use the site to manage their collections online, and track their collections against other collectors via a leader board.
2008 season.
The cards commemorating the 2008 New York Yankees season were featured in Series 1 of 2009 Upper Deck baseball. Two of the more notable cards include YSL-AG (commemorating the 2008 Major League Baseball All-Star Game) and card YSL-6742 featuring Andy Pettite commemorating the final game at Yankee Stadium).

</doc>
<doc id="20076575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076575" title="Víctor Macías">
Víctor Macías

Víctor Iván Macías García (born July 1, 1984) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Manta Fútbol Club in the Ecuadorian Serie A.
External links.
liga de portoviejo

</doc>
<doc id="20076583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076583" title="1937–38 Montreal Canadiens season">
1937–38 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1937–38 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 29th season of play. The Canadiens placed third in the Canadian Division and qualified for the playoffs. Montreal met and lost to the eventual Stanley Cup champion Chicago Black Hawks in the quarter-finals.
Regular season.
A Morenz Benefit All-Star game was held at the Forum on November 2, 1937. 8,683 fans attended, contributing $11,447 to a total pot of over $20,000 for Howie Morenz's family.
This was the last season for Pit Lepine, Aurel Joliat and Marty Burke. Burke had returned from Chicago in a trade for Bill McKenzie.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens drew the third-place finisher of the American division, the Chicago Blackhawks. Montreal lost the best-of-three series 2–1.
European tour.
After losing in the playoffs, the Canadiens embarked on a tour of Europe with the Detroit Red Wings. Prior to departure, the two teams played three exhibition games in Nova Scotia. In Europe, the teams played a nine-game series in England and France. The Canadiens won the series with a record of 5–3–1

</doc>
<doc id="20076603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076603" title="Radial aplasia">
Radial aplasia

Radial aplasia is a congenital defect which affects the formation of the radius bone in the arm. The radius is the lateral bone which connects to the wrist via articulation with the carpal bones. A child born with this condition has either a short or absent radius bone in one or both of his or her arm(s). Radial aplasia also results in the thumb being either partly formed or completely absent from the hand. Radial aplasia is connected with the condition VACTERL association. The cause for radial aplasia in unknown, but it widely believed to occur within the first ten weeks of gestation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20076607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076607" title="American School Foundation of Monterrey">
American School Foundation of Monterrey

The American School Foundation of Monterrey is a private, international, nonprofit, and co-educational Nursery-12 school located in Monterrey, Mexico. It is one of a few American-style educational centers in this city and is notable for being the oldest one of that group.
The school is governed by a Founders' Board which meets twice a year and that elects a Board of Directors serving as the school's Board of Education. This Board is constituted of 9 members serving 3 year terms each with an alternate member. All instruction is in English except for Spanish classes. For grades 10th to 12th there are two courses of study, one leading to a Mexican Bachillerato and the other to a U.S. High School Diploma. Students can choose either to follow just the U.S. Diploma or both courses. The option to do the Mexican Bachillerato alone is not offered.[http://www.state.gov/m/a/os/1555.htm]
History.
ASFM, as the school is known, was founded in 1928 by the ancient dweller from the Monterrey Foreign Club in reaction to the need for children of foreign (mainly American) workers in Monterrey to have an American-style education in order to eventually return seamlessly to the United States. The school received its charter on October 13, 1928 and was re-established as the American School Foundation of Monterrey in April 1944 [http://asfm.edu.mx/main/about_us/history.html.
It was during this re-establishment that the Founders' Board was established with four founding individuals and thirteen sponsoring companies. The organization was created as a non-profit society, hence the inclusion of the word Foundation in the name. In 1948, ASFM received accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and the Texas Education agency. The school moved to the Missouri Campus, on September 1958, when its enrollment had exceeded 450 students.
The school's reputation improved over time and it remained the school of choice for the children of foreign workers that relocated to Monterrey. As the city's influx of foreigners increased, the need for an international education became paramount. Thus in 1996 in order to accommodate this increasing demand, ASFM built a new campus for Middle and High School students. This new state-of-the-art facility built in the Huasteca Canyon attracted many new students and launched ASFM into its present era. The Missouri Campus was used for Nursery through 5th Grade students, however beginning in the school year of 2010 these students switched campuses and are now attending the Huasteca Campus in the newly constructed Elementary School and Kindergarten Campus.
High school profile.
For the 2007-2008 school year, the high school enrollment is 561 students (128 Seniors, 134 Juniors, 136 Sophomores and 163 Freshmen). 90% of students are Mexican, and the remaining 10% are American and of other nationalities. The High School has a faculty of 45 people, all of whom hold teaching certificates or degrees with around 54% of the faculty and administrative staff having advanced degrees.[http://www.state.gov/m/a/os/1555.htm]
99% of the most recent graduating class is attending 4-year universities or colleges after 75% applied to universities in Mexico and 34% applied to universities in the United States and Europe. Some of the universities that these recent graduates are attending (or were accepted to) include: Tufts University, Columbia, the University of Texas, Brown, the University of Michigan, Cornell, New York University, Princeton, the University of Chicago, Yale, Purdue, Stanford, the University of Pennsylvania, and Harvard University. Most students attending university in Mexico chose to go to Instituto Tecnologico de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) or the Universidad de Monterrey.[http://asfm.edu.mx/main/about_us/asfm_prof_1.pdf]
The High School is notable for its Advanced Placement program. It offers around 15 AP courses and its students year after year take more AP exams than any other school in Latin America. 330 exams were taken last year with 247 scoring passing grades of 3 or better. The School's mean score was 3.461 while the global mean score was 3.015. As for SAT scores, the school's averages are 553 Reading, 581 Math, 536 Writing for a Composite Score of 1670.[http://asfm.edu.mx/main/about_us/asfm_prof_1.pdf]
Facilities.
The Huasteca Campus, presently housing High School and Middle School students, features 10 fully equipped science labs, 6 computer labs, 62 teaching classrooms, a black-box theater, a 500-seat auditorium, and a 14,000-volume library with 28 eMacs and 13 wireless iBooks for student use. The Athletic Department features an indoor gymnasium with two parquet-floored basketball courts, two regulation-sized soccer fields, one 8-lane athletics track, 3 outdoor concrete-floor basketball courts, a fully equipped conditioning gym and several other training rooms as well as four full locker rooms.[http://www.state.gov/m/a/os/1555.htm]
The Missouri Campus [http://asfm.edu.mx/main/about_us/asfm_prof_1.pdf] is for students in nursery-grade 5 and has 66 classrooms, 4 state-of-the-art computer labs, counseling offices, a maintenance building, 2 houses, one currently used for the administrative offices and the other for a developmental nursery program, a 250-seat theater, 3 playing fields, 2 outdoor tennis courts and an instrumental music room.
Another Campus was built to replace the Missouri campus right next to the Huasteca campus, nicknamed "Huastequita". Pre-Kinder-Grade 5 are now given there.
Model UN Program.
ASFM houses one of the largest international Model UN conference in Mexico: IMMUNS (International Monterrey Model United Nations Simulation). IMMUNS was established as a brand in 2003 when the high school and middle school Model UN conferences fused into one large event. Traditionally, IMMUNS is held in late February, and involves around 500 local and international students. Previous keynote speakers include Jane Goodall (2003) and Reon Schutte (2009).
Traditions and athletics.
The school's mascot is the American Bald Eagle and the colors are Red and White. ASFM participates in yearly sports tournaments sponsored by the Association of American Schools in Mexico (ASOMEX). It competes in Soccer, Basketball, Track and Field and in several other sports. The school has a healthy rivalry with other bilingual schools in the city, the Colegio Inglés and AIM, stemming from the continuous success of both schools in Soccer tournaments held by ASOMEX. ASFM is deeply committed to ASOMEX and during the tournaments held in Monterrey the entire school comes out in support of its teams.
The School also issues several awards each year.
Finances.
For the 2007-2008 school year, the school had 2,317 students with 466 nursery through kindergarten students, 808 elementary school students 482 middle school students and 561 high school students. In terms of finances, 97% of the school's income stems from tuition at the following rates [http://www.state.gov/m/a/os/1555.htm], in U.S. Dollars, for the school year 2007-2008:

</doc>
<doc id="20076614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076614" title="Arthur Emmett (judge)">
Arthur Emmett (judge)

Arthur Robert Emmett is an Australian judge and has been a member of the New South Wales Court of Appeal since 7 March 2013. From 1997 until 2013 he was a judge of the Federal Court of Australia.
Early life and education.
He was educated at North Sydney Boys' High School and the University of Sydney, where he earned a B.A. in 1964, an LL.B. in 1967, and an LL.M. in 1976.
Career.
Justice Emmett lectures in Roman law at the Sydney Law School, where he holds the title of Challis Lecturer in Roman Law. On 22 May 2009, the University of Sydney conferred upon Justice Emmett the degree of "Doctor of Laws (honoris causa)".

</doc>
<doc id="20076690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076690" title="Mario Montoya">
Mario Montoya

Mario Montoya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20076760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076760" title="Aaron and Bryce Dessner">
Aaron and Bryce Dessner

Aaron and Bryce Dessner are twin brothers and members of the rock band The National. Aaron Dessner writes the majority of the music for The National. The brothers are co-founders, alongside Alec Hanley Bemis, of Brassland, a label that is home to artists including The National, the Clogs, catalog and releases by Doveman and Nico Muhly.
History.
The two Dessners also write, produce, and perform contemporary music internationally in collaboration with many artists. In August, 2008, Aaron and Bryce performed a collaborative concert with David Cossin, and Luca Tarantino as a part of Soundres, an international residency program for contemporary music and art in Salento, Italy and at the "Guitare Au Palais" Festival at the Palace of the Kings of Majorca in Perpignan, France. They also performed at Matthew Ritchie's Ghost Operator opening at the White Cube Gallery in London.
Aaron and Bryce Dessner curated the Red Hot Compilation "Dark Was the Night" 20th Anniversary compilation which features 32 tracks and was released in February 2009. The compilation includes songs from The National, a version of Bob Dylan's "I Was Young When I Left Home" performed by Antony of Antony and the Johnsons with Bryce Dessner on guitar, and a new song "Big Red Machine" written by Aaron Dessner and Justin Vernon of Bon Iver. Both performed on Sufjan Stevens cover of the Castanets song "You Are the Blood." In 2009,The brothers also co-produced the Dark Was the Night concert at Radio City Music Hall with the Red Hot Organization.
They were also a part of the 1990s rock band Project Nim, a progressive ensemble that was formed with Bryan Devendorf, Jenn Howard and another set of brothers, Charles and David Milling. During the late 1990s they toured primarily throughout the Northeastern United States while Bryce finished his academic career at Yale.
The Long Count.
The Long Count is a large commission for the BAM Next Wave Festival that finds Bryce and Aaron working alongside visual artist Matthew Ritchie. Together they created a work loosely based on the Mayan creation story Popol Vuh that includes a 12 piece orchestra and a number of guest singers, including Kim and Kelley Deal (The Breeders, The Pixies), Matt Berninger (The National), Shara Worden (My Brightest Diamond), and Tunde Adebimpe (TV On The Radio). The work had its world premiere at the Krannert Center for the Performing Arts in September 2009 as part of the Ellnora Festival. It has since been performed at BAM, the Holland Festival and the Barbican.

</doc>
<doc id="20076776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076776" title="Hillcrest, Broome County, New York">
Hillcrest, Broome County, New York

Hillcrest is a residential community outside of Binghamton, New York. Neighboring Chenango Bridge and the village of Port Dickinson, this suburb is an unincorporated entity within the Town of Fenton.
Hillcrest contains numerous single-family homes, a high school, two public parks, three churches, a public library, a cemetery, numerous industries and businesses, and a central plaza area within walking distance of most homes that includes a gas station, family-run Italian restaurant, ice cream parlor, diner, and Subway (restaurant). It lies in Broome County, and borders I-88 and the Chenango River.
Places of interest.
Some places of interest for community members and visitors are:

</doc>
<doc id="20076836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076836" title="Alex Bolaños">
Alex Bolaños

Alex Leonardo Bolaños Reascos (born January 22, 1985 in San Lorenzo) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for Barcelona of the Ecuador Serie A.
Career.
Bolaños began his career at Guayaquil-based club Barcelona in 2005 during the Clausura championship. He continued to play for the club until they released him as a result of his criminal case. After serving time in prison, we was signed by LDU Quito in the later half of 2009 as an emergency signing. Despite not making any league appearances in 2009 due to ineligibility, he played one match for the club during the 2009 Copa Sudamericana. Liga would go on to win the competition and give Bolaños his first piece of silverware. Due to a lack of possible playing time, LDU Quito loaned Bolaños to crosstown-team Universidad Católica for the 2010 season. For the 2011 season, he was signed by Deportivo Quito.
Family.
Bolaños is the older brother of Miller Bolaños, a midfielder who plays for Major League Soccer side Chivas USA.
Criminal case.
Bolaños was involved in a fatal car crash in which his car struck the vehicle of Fabricio Gerardo Quezada, who was killed in the crash. Bolaños was sentenced to seven years in prison for drunk driving and manslaughter. He was released in September 2009 after a successful appeal of his sentence.
Honors.
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="20076837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076837" title="Kanta Ina">
Kanta Ina


</doc>
<doc id="20076901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076901" title="Louis-Xavier de Ricard">
Louis-Xavier de Ricard

Louis-Xavier de Ricard (January 25, 1843July 2, 1911) was a French poet, author and journalist of the 19th century. He was founder and editor of "La Revue du progrès" ("La Revue du Progrès moral, littéraire, scientifique et artistique") which was the first to publish a poem by Paul Verlaine in August 1863. He and Catulle Mendès edited the first volume of "Le Parnasse contemporain", published by Alphonse Lemerre in 1866. He was a member of the Commune de Paris (1871) and Félibrige, a group founded by Frédéric Mistral to promote and defend Provençal literature and the Provençal language (a "Langue d'oc" language). 
Life.
His father was general and marquis Joseph-Barthélemy de Ricard (who successively served Napoléon I, then the Bourbons and finally was premier "aide-de-camp" of Jérôme Bonaparte in 1852).
Ricard's first collection of poetry, "Les chants de l'aube" ("Songs of Dawn") was published in 1862 by Poulet-Malassis. In March 1863, after receiving an inheritance from an aunt, he founded "La Revue du progrès". Among the contributors to the "Revue" were Charles Longuet and a young Paul Verlaine (his first published poem). The "Revue" lasted one year; the atheist sentiments of the "Revue" lead to a Monseigneur Dupanloup taking legal action against the "Revue" on the grounds that it was an outrage to public morals and good mores. Ricard was defended by a talented young attorney, Léon Gambetta, and was sentenced to eight months in prison, reduced to three, at Sainte Pélagie, and had to pay a fine of 1,200 francs. After serving his sentence, his friends manifested an active support, and this small group of supporters was the origin of the politico-literary salon that met every Friday at the home of Ricard's mother, 10 Boulevard des Batignolles. Ricard was happy to entertain these boisterous republican and anti-clerical youths. Many great French poets and writers of the future attended: Anatole France, Sully Prudhomme, Villiers de l'Isle-Adam, Paul Verlaine, François Coppée; and Raoul Rigault, the future attorney of the Commune de Paris (1871).
In March 1866, Ricard and Catulle Mendès were appointed by editor Alphonse Lemerre to be directors of a now famous and pivotal collection of poetry called "Le Parnasse contemporain", a collection that gave the name "Parnassian" to a group of poets that came to be known as Parnassians. Ricard also contributed 8 poems to that first collection. In 1867 Verlaine, a friend of Ricard (whom he called "an excellent Langue d'Ocian poet"), dedicated his "Les Vaincus" to Ricard, a poem on the vanquished of 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="20076922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076922" title="A. G. V. Paley">
A. G. V. Paley

Major General Alexander George Victor Paley (1903 — 1976) was a British Army officer who became the first Chief of the Defence Staff of Ghana.
Army career.
His first commanding position was as Commanding Officer of the 3rd Libyan Arab Battalion between 1941 and 1942. He subsequently served in Iraq, and Germany among others between 1942 and 1954. He also had a stint as the Aide-de-Camp to the Queen of Britain.
World War II.
In October 1944, during the Second World War, he served as the commanding officer of the 22nd Armoured Brigade, while only ranked as a Lieutenant Colonel. He was later one of the officers on the British delegation on the Allied Control Authority during World War II with the rank of Brigadier.
Ghana Armed Forces.
Paley was appointed as the first General Officer Commanding between 1957 and 1959, when his appointment covered only the army. He was effectively the Chief of Defence Staff however when the Ghana Navy and Ghana Air Force were created. His tour of duty ended on 11 January 1960 when he was replaced by Major General Henry Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="20076980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076980" title="Polo Wila">
Polo Wila

Polo Raúl Wila Cangá (born February 9, 1987) is an Ecuadorian footballer playing for Emelec. On November 2008 he signed a contract with Club Sport Emelec.
He had a lot of trouble settling on his first season with Emelec, it was even rumored on the media that Wila would leave Club Sport Emelec at the end of the 2009 season, but at the end of the Ecuadorian tournament on the definition match against Liga de Quito in Quito which Emelec won, he was a starter and he proved he could become a valuable member of the team and because of his age he is expected to become an important part of the squad in a short period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="20076986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20076986" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw F35–36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's discus throw F35–36

The Women's Discus Throw F35-36 had its Final held on September 9 at 9:35.

</doc>
<doc id="20077008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077008" title="Les Balayeurs du désert">
Les Balayeurs du désert

Les Balayeurs du désert are a French ambient post-rock band. The group is composed of Michel Augier (composition, vocals, guitar), Fatoumata Diawara (vocals), Fred Tanari (keyboards, bass, vocals), Jean Michel Bourroux (drums), Bruno Lerouzic (pipes), Gram Maby (bass), Camilla Sagues (chorus) and Marcela Paz (chorus).
Les Balayeurs du désert have released three albums, and have also accompanied the Royal de Luxe theatre company providing music for several productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20077017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077017" title="Le Parnasse contemporain">
Le Parnasse contemporain

Le Parnasse contemporain ("The Contemporary Parnassus", e.g., the contemporary poetry scene) is composed of three volumes of poetry collections, published in 1866, 1871 and 1876 by the editor Alphonse Lemerre, which included a hundred French poets, such as Leconte de Lisle, Théodore de Banville, Heredia, Gautier, Catulle Mendès, Baudelaire, Sully Prudhomme, Mallarmé, François Coppée, Charles Cros, Léon Dierx, Louis Ménard, Verlaine, Villiers de L'Isle-Adam and Anatole France.
The mid/late 19th century French literary movement Parnassianism took its name from the poetry collection. 
The first volume contained "les Épaves" and "Nouvelles Fleurs du mal" by Baudelaire, and early Mallarmé and Verlaine, avante-garde poets of the time. No poem by Arthur Rimbaud was included in any of the three volumes. Rimbaud is known to have read the first collection at a time when he was developing his poetry (sometime between 1866 and 1870). In a letter dated May 15, 1871 Rimbaud mentions by name dozens of poets who were included, referring to some of them as "idiots", "imbeciles", "schoolboys" et cetera. In that letter Rimbaud praises Charles Baudelaire, Theophile Gautier, Theodore de Banville, Leconte de Lisle, Albert Merat, and Paul Verlaine. He does not mention Mallarmé, who had 11 poems published in the 1866 collection.
List of 99 poets.
The following table lists (in alphabetical order) 99 poets who contributed to La Parnasse contemporain. Indicated for each poet is the number of poems that appeared in the three collections (1866, 1871, 1876):

</doc>
<doc id="20077025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077025" title="Carrier-to-noise-density ratio">
Carrier-to-noise-density ratio

Carrier-to-noise-density ratio or C/No (or C/kT) means the ratio of carrier or signal power to white-noise spectral density. Its unit is dB-Hz.

</doc>
<doc id="20077031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077031" title="Andrew Pollock">
Andrew Pollock

Andrew Pollock is the name of two cricketers:

</doc>
<doc id="20077037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077037" title="The Things You See">
The Things You See

The Things You See is a collaborative studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth and pianist Gordon Beck, released in 1980 through JMS–Cream Records. Both "The Things You See" and Beck's 1979 album "Sunbird" were reissued together as a compilation album in 1989 and 1992 (both with the omission of "Flight" from "Sunbird"), and most recently in 1994 (including "Flight"). Holdsworth and Beck would later collaborate again on "With a Heart in My Song" in 1988.
The album's title was explained by Holdsworth on his 1992 instructional video: "The title for this tune came from me kind of... falling out of a pub one night back in England. There was this old guy walking down the street, and I guess he must have seen all of us hooligans coming out of the pub. He just looked at us and said, 'Boy, the things you see when you haven't got your gun!'"

</doc>
<doc id="20077073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077073" title="Chicken Hunter">
Chicken Hunter

Chicken Hunter is a action video game released for the Nintendo DS in North America. The player earns varying points by shooting chickens under a time limit depending on the difficulty. Three different modes are available: Classic Shooter, Puzzle and Combined Puzzle and Shooter. There are also two unlockable bonus games.
The game was originally released for the PC on July 1, 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="20077087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077087" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 119">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 119

The 119th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Luzerne County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20077090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077090" title="Neal Blue">
Neal Blue

James Neal Blue was born in 1935 in Meeker, CO.
Neal and his brother Linden Blue acquired General Atomics in 1986 from Chevron Oil for a reported $60 million. Neal serves as chairman and CEO of General Atomics, which specializes in diversified research, development and manufacturing in defense, energy and other advanced technology arenas.
Neal Blue received the 29th annual International von Karman Wings Award in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20077094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077094" title="Andrew Graeme Pollock">
Andrew Graeme Pollock

Andrew Graeme Pollock (born 14 November 1969 in Port Elizabeth) was a first-class and List A cricketer who played for Transvaal and Easterns in the 1990s. Andrew is the son of the South African Test match batsman Graeme Pollock and is a cousin to Shaun Pollock. His brother is Anthony Pollock.

</doc>
<doc id="20077100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077100" title="Alexander Macdonell of Greenfield">
Alexander Macdonell of Greenfield

Alexander MacDonell of Greenfield (1782 – 1835) was from a prominent family in Upper Canada. He was the sixth son of Alexander MacDonell of Greenfield and Janet Macdonell of Aberchalder (a sister of John Macdonell of Aberchalder). He was also the cousin and brother-in-law of Miles MacDonell.
Alexander worked as a fur trader and became a partner of the North West Company prior to become a political figure in Upper Canada. He served in the 8th Parliament of Upper Canada in the riding of Glengarry and in the 12th Parliament in the riding of Prescott.
He should not be confused with Alexander Macdonell who also served in the riding of Glengarry during several parliaments including the 6th Parliament in which the other Alexander Macdonnell succeeded Alexander MacDonell of Greenfield's brother, John MacDonell.
In 1822 Alexander became the Sheriff of the Ottawa District, a position he held until his death in 1835.

</doc>
<doc id="20077109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077109" title="Maarten van der Vleuten">
Maarten van der Vleuten

Maarten van der Vleuten () is a Dutch producer, composer and recording artist born in Vught, The Netherlands in 1967. Between 1987 and 2007 he used over two dozens of aliases, producing Detroit techno, electro, house, experimental and ambient music. In early 2008 he announced that he would only use his real name for future releases. He recorded for R&S Records, Outrage Recordings, Apollo Records (Belgium), Djax-Up-Beats, See Saw, ESP and Klang Elektronik to name just a few. Since 1996 he is also releasing music on his own label Signum Recordings (and its two sublabels Passiflora and Glam). Maarten's musical vision knows no limits: working in his own studio, he's constantly experimenting and exploring all aspects of (danceable) music, looking for innovation and bringing new angles to it. Due to his experimental vision towards his music, Van Der Vleuten's productions are not mainstream material. As a result of that he has gained more credits from within the "underground" scene. Or as the database of the Dutch Rock & Pop Institute writes; "one of the pioneers of the dutch dance scene".
Aliases.
"All known aliases in alphabetical order:"
48V Phantom Power, Cliche, Cryptic, DJ Dusk, DJ G-Spot, Dutch Department Of Techno, E144, E414, Error 144, Error 441, Flash Back, Flux, Frantic, G.S.G, Gangrene, In-Existence, Integrity, Major Malfunction, N.Cantado, The Noise Architect, Orpheus, Party Marty, Pultec, V48, Vandervleuten, Zimt.
In-Existence.
"In-Existence" is the alias van der Vleuten uses for his ambient-related musical projects. In 1993 the debut album "Moonwater" by In-Existence was released on the ambient label Apollo Records (Belgium), a subsidiary of R&S Records. (Musically a mix between Detroit techno and ambient)
On Van Der Vleuten's own label Signum Recordings the follow-up was released 1998; "Private Rituals". A mix of ambient, worldmusic and classical. Guest musicians that appear on the album are; Edwin Paanakker, Eddie Persijn, Frans Friedrich and Choir Jeroen Bosch. The album "Vow of Silence", on Tonefloat, musically referred to the debut with ambient-techno influences.
The fourth album "...Of Truth, Eternal Beauty And Nought..." again sounded familiar with the ambient-techno influences. The opening track "Capezzoli Di Venere" is a 45 minute, almost neo-romantic sounding piece of spacious sounds and rhythmic sequences which is quite a contradiction to the extremely dark final title "I Have This Pain".
The tone has been set and the last In-Existence album "De Verkenningen" continues with dark, droned sounds. The last track on the album, "Vierde Verkenning" is used by Dutch contemporary artist Frank Havermans and can be heard inside the art-installation KAPKAR / TT-C2P. The installation is part of the exhibition "Tangible Traces- Dutch Architecture and Design" by "Netherlands Architecture Instituut" and will travel around the world for two years, opening at November 10, 2007, during the Seventh São Paulo Biennale of Architecture in Brazil. Up to now the exhibition travelled to Vienna (Austria) and Hong Kong.
Discography.
2013.
Internaut (Shipwrec) 12" 
Auseinander (Signum) 7" 
2012.
Are You Worthy? (Tonefloat) CD 
Systematically Declassified 2 (Signum) 15xwav 
Systematically Declassified (Signum) 15xwav 
Summer Of 909 (In Plain Sight) 12" 
"MVDV" No Religion (Signum) wav single 
2011.
The Scars Remain (Tonefloat) 2xLP
2010.
A True & Faithful Relation Of What Passed For Many Years Between Dr. John Dee And Some Spirits (Evening Of Light) CD 
"MVDV" CTRL ep (Shipwrec) 12"
2009.
ECT For Piano (Signum) CD + Booklet 
Een Onvermoede Bocht (Signum) CD + Book ("collaboration with Ignace Schretlen")
2008.
High Intolerance Towards Low Energies (ToneFloat) LP
2007.
Kurt's Zimmer Publikation (Signum) CDs + Book 
Reptv (track appears on compilation New Deal) (Eat Concrete) 12"
2006.
"In-Existence" De Verkenningen (Signum) CD 
"In-Existence" ...Of Truth, Eternal Beauty And Nought... (Signum) CD 
Kremahitz (Mighty Robot) 12" ("featuring Rude 66 and Aardvarck") 
"Major Malfunction" Donderdozen (Signum) MP3 
"Vandervleuten" Sex Machines (Glam) MP3
2005.
"In-Existence" Vow Of Silence (ToneFloat/C) LP 
"Maarten van der Vleuten Vs The Use Of Ashes" The Ice Mixes (Snavel) 2x12" 2005
2002.
"Flux" Laiad (Signum) CD + Booklet
2001.
"Vandervleuten" The Masterplan Remixes (Glam) 12" 
"V48" Five (Passiflora) 12" 
"Vandervleuten" Variations On A "Love Me" Theme (Glam) 12"
2000.
"V48" Third (Passiflora) 12" 
"V48" No. 4 (Passiflora) 12"
1999.
"V48" First Flower (Passiflora) 12" 
"V48" 2 (Passiflora) 12" 
"E 144" Ungestillt (Zodiak Commune) 12" ("featuring Maarten Blom")
1998.
"Flux" Bloemendael Effect (Signum) 12" 
"In-Existence" Private Rituals (Signum) CD
1997.
"Flux" Zah Ath (Signum) 12"
1996.
"Flux" Variations On Loops (Signum) 12" 
"Phlux" Hi-Fi Stereo ! (Signum) 12" 
"Flux" Morphing Of Man (Signum) 12" 
"Frantic" E.F.T. Lovers (XS) 12" 
"Maarten & Tjeerd" Lunetten E.P. (U-Trax) 12" ("co-production with Tjeerd Verbeek")
1995.
"Error 441" Mmmmmmm (Beton) 12" 
"Flux" Sonoprinter E.P. (Mekanik) 12" 
"Flux" The Mindboggling Mystery (Klang Elektronik) 12" 
"Cryptic" Unconscious E.P. (Paraphrase) 12" 
"Major Malfunction" Private Performances (Djax) 12"
1993.
"In-Existence" Moonwater (Apollo) CD + 2xLP 
"Major Malfunction" House Shield Re-Activated (track appears on Surreal Sound 2) (Surreal Sound) MC
1992.
"Cliche" Cliche Trax (Djax) 12" ("featuring Aardvarck") 
"G.S.G. (Glue Sniffing Gerald)" Trip Trax (Djax) 12" 
"Zimt" Set Into A Trance (Outrage) 12" 
"Zimt" Blue Note (Outrage) 12" 
"Zimt" Better Than Your Dream (Outrage) 12" 
"Flux" True Feelings (Outrage) 12" 
"Integrity" The Way I Live (Outrage) 12" 
"Integrity" Living In A Fantasy (Outrage) 12" ("featuring Aardvarck") 
"Pultec" Die Menschmachine (Outrage) 12" 
"Flashback" Feel The Bass (See Saw/Billytron) 12" ("featuring Sandy Kandou") 
"48V Phantom Power" Graffity (R&S) 12" 
"Maarten van der Vleuten & David Morley" TZ 7 (TZ) 12" 
"Gangrene" Sickness E.P. (See Saw) 12" 
"D.J. Dusk" Chique E.P. (See Saw) 12"
1991.
"48V Phantom Power" Feel D-Base (R&S) 12" 
"Orpheus" Saludos (R&S) 12" ("featuring Fierce Ruling Diva") 
"Major Malfunction" Magic Moments (Djax) 12" 
"Major Malfunction" ...Gives You Central House (Djax) 12" 
TZ 2 (TZ) 12" 
"DDT (Dutch Department Of Techno) / Major Malfunction" Starwood Party E.P. (See Saw) 12" ("featuring Human Beings, Terrace, Speedy J, Exposure, Gijs Vroom, Party Atmosphere")
1987.
"The Noise Architect" Art As Terrorism (MAWA) MC
Exclusive tracks on compilations.
"48V Spargel Brothers" Bitten (on "Spargel Trax Vol. 4") (Don't Be Afraid) 12" 2013 
"Flux" Expanding Universe (on "El Mondo Ambiente, Dino Music. The Ambient Groove Volume 3, ESP Records. The Ambient Groove Volume 3, Sun Music. Ambient Soundscapes Volume One, Sun Music. Tech Lounge (The Essential Underground Edition), CNR Music.") CD/2CD/3CD/MC 1994, 1995, 1996, 2003 
"Zimt" V.H. (on "Virtual Mellow, Halley. Virtual Mellow 2, Halley. This Is Mellow 7, Precious.") 
"In-Existence" Herbe Mystique (on "Surreal Sound Tape Vol. 2") (Surreal Sound) MC 1995 
"Integrity" Lust (on "Rave On") (Dino Music) CD/2xCD/MC 1992 
Co-production.
"Dirk Serries" & "Maarten van der Vleuten" Murmlefish (on "TF100") (ToneFloat) 2x10" 2011 
"Aardvarck" 2nd Groove 2 The Same Nation (Djax) 12" 1993
"(appearing as Party Marty, animal engineer)" 
"Mantrax" Scarlet Circus (R&S/White) 12" 1991
Remixes.
French Theory - Kids In Belgium Remixes ("Up In The Clouds Remix") (Number Nine/Signum) 3xWAV, 2012 
Various- May The Plague Be With You ("Black Box Warning {Through The Cracks In The Box Mix}, Maarten van der Vleuten") (Plague Recordings) 7xMP3, 2009 
Hydro- Aquarhythms ("Hydr(o)remix by D.J. joost & Flux") (Phono) CD + 2xLP 1995 
HAOS- Dance For The Future ("Beton Mix by M. vd Vleuten") (Direct Drive) 12" 1995 
Trance Induction- Capita Selecta ("E T Welcome Song 2 Flux Remix") (Prime) 12" 1994 
Trance Induction- Electrickery ("Robogroove III remix") (Prime/Guerilla) CD + 2xLP 1993 
Trance Induction- Advanced Sonic Rituals E.P. ("Robogroove Flux remix") (Prime) 12" 1993 
Space Trax- Bounce ("Disease mix & Migraine mix by Gangrene") (Music Man) 12" 1993 
C3PO- Heaven's Ritual ("Maarten mix 1 & Maarten mix 2") (See Saw) 12" 1993 
Hole In One- Tales from the Planet Onhcet E.P. ("Close Encounters of the 4th Kind, Major Malfunction of the 4th kind remix") (see Saw) 12" 1992 
Toxit- Toxit E.P. ("Some Mushrooms Approach, Major Malfunction Remix") (See Saw) 12" 1992 
Hole in One- X-Paradise remixes E.P. ("X-Paradise, D.J. G-Spot mix & D.J. Dusk (P&D) mix") (See Saw/Downtown) 12" 
Transform- Transform ("G-Spot Transform(ed) mix") (See Saw) 12" 1992 
Transform- Transformation (The Remixes) E.P. ("Transformation, G.Spot Mark II Mix) (See Saw) 2x12" 1992 
Hole in One- First Hole E.P. ("Weird Science, Major Malfunction mix") (See Saw) 12" 1992 
Ralphie Dee & Dino Blade- Calypso Interlude ("G-Spot mix") (Music Man) 12" 1992 
Human Resource- Dominator Re-Remixes E.P. ("Dominator, Maarten van der Vleuten mix") (R&S) 12" 1991

</doc>
<doc id="20077127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077127" title="2009 Bavarian Cup">
2009 Bavarian Cup

The 2009 Bavarian Cup was the twelfth edition of this competition, organised by the Bavarian Football Association ("BFV"), which was first held in 1998. The winner and runners-up were both qualified for the DFB Cup 2009-10. Additionally, this year's semi-finalist, SpVgg Unterhaching, was also qualified because it finished in the top-four of the 3rd Liga.
The competition was open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III) and 3rd Liga.
Rules and History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first and second Fußball-Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can.
The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region were qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2006 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2008-09.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2009–10.
The two clubs, SpVgg Weiden and Wacker Burghausen, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the 2009–10 drew the following first-round opposition:

</doc>
<doc id="20077129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077129" title="Plomin tablet">
Plomin tablet

Plomin tablet () is a Glagolitic inscription in Croatian at the outer wall of the church of Saint George in Plomin, modern-day Croatia. Roman god of flora and fauna Silvanus is portrayed. This inscription bears witness of early parallelism of two cultural currents on Istrian territory: Romance symbol is an Antique relief, and Slavic, i.e. Croatian symbol is the Croatian language and Glagolitic script.
Reading of the text.
Above the male figure a two-lined Glagolitic text is inscribed while on the right of the figure another symbol is carved whose meaning is not definitely ascertained. Reading of the text is fairly straightforward: the first line says "SE EPIS", and the second line "ЪLЪS". The sign whose function is questioned by Fučić has been inscribed with significantly deeper furrows and is four times larger than the average size of Glagolitic letters, and for that reason alone one can ask whether it's an indispensable ingredient of the Glagolitic inscription itself, has it been written by the hand of the same scribe and has it been inscribed at the same times as other text. A Glagolitic letter cannot be discerned from it for certainty.
Trying to read both of the lines continuously: "SE E PISЪLЪ S..", i.e. "this was written S...", the sentence remains unfinished. Whether the text was written by somebody whose name starts with "S" or somebody wrote something that starts with "S" is not known. Since Old Croatian verb "pisati" meant both "to write" and "to paint", it is uncertain whether this verb was used to denote also a sculptural work and concordantly, if Plomin tablet inscription is a signature of the sculptor, or the Glagolitic text some secondarily written graffiti, written by some scribe.
Reading of the text introduces some additional phonetic and orthographic difficulties — an unusual orthography appears for writing the participle "pisalъ", where on the position of sound /a/ a semivowel 'ъ' is written (thus "pisъlъ" instead of "pisalъ"). Fučić argues whether it is phonetically possible for the author of this inscription to have mistaken the phonetic value of a semivowel with that of the full vowel /a/, i.e. that he might have replaced the signs due to the similarity of pronunciation.
Paleographic analysis.
General paleographic analysis shows that the rounded Glagolitic is still used, preceding the development of Croatian angular Glagolitic, which dates the monument before the 12-13th century.
An analysis of individual graphemes also points to this timeframe: There's the letter "S" (1, 6, 10) which still has triangular lower element and the letter "I" (5) which still has triangular upper element, i.e. which has not reduced the ductus the way it can be observed on Vienna Folios. There is also an older type of the letter "P" (4) with lateral dash. Sign for the semivowel (7, 9) on Plomin tablet is not found on Glagolitic monuments before the 11th century or after the 13th century. Finally, there is a peculiar letter "E" (2, 3) occurring twice in this inscription and in both attestations demonstrates the same type with two horizontal lines intersecting the vertical hasta. Taking into account the paleographic development of that letter, it can be ascertained that "E" originally appears with two horizontal lines, which are subsequently reduced to one, which is subsequently reduced to a dot, which is itself finally elided. With the letter "E" on the Plomin tablet, this development on Croatian Glagolitic areal can be connected with oldest preserved Glagolitic monuments at all: the Kiev Folios, Prague Fragments, and with Macedonian monuments: Codex Assemanius, Ohrid Folios, Euchologium Sinaiticum.
All these traits indicate a great antiquity of the monument, which date the Plomin tablet to the 11th century. Perhaps, moreover, a lower limit can be posited in the 10th century, which is a dating held by scientists such as Marija Čunić.
The relief.
The relief shows a beardless male figure, clad in short tunic by his knees, tightened at the hips. Costume is Antique, Roman. This was the clothes of slaves, laborers and peasants. Frontal setting of the character with his left arm bended at the elbow in front of the chest, holding some kind of an object, reminding of the pose and the typical gesture of male portraits of Late Antique Roman gravestones stelae, makes the connection of continuity or imitation of this primitive relief to the Late Antique gravestone plastics unambiguous. Although the niche around the figure has been inscribed uncertainly and inconsistently, it points to the impostation of the figure in its own space, typical of plastics of Roman gravestone monuments. General naturalistic tendency also points to Antique as a starting point, which is manifested through the impotence of the artist's expression, especially in the details—the "scully" type of beardless head and the rudiments of the ear shell and barely marked hair.
Dating and interpretation.
If the Glagolitic inscription is dated to the 11th century, than that date is "terminus post quem non" for the genesis of the relief, i.e. its upper bound. Lower bound is the Late Antique. Between that large range—from Late Antique to Early Romanesque—it is less probable that this work would have come into existence in the centuries from the 8th to the first half of the 11th century, because in that period the sculptural works used wattle ornaments, a stylistically marked type of creation, a tradition which rules out naturalistic conceptions of human figure.
Following this line of thought, Branko Fučić has in 1953, publishing Plomin tablet for the first time, formed an alternative theory according to which the relief
...should be looked upon as a primitive provincial work of Late Antique (either pagan or Christian), or as an early Romanesque work, which after the period of wattle ornamentation reintroduces human figure into sculptural works. At any case, the connections of monument with the Late Antique plastics are beyond any doubt. They represent either the very much alive Antique tradition, or the imitation of the medieval carver of some Antique template.
Reflecting on Fučić's alternative interpretation, academician Ljubo Karaman has laid his arguments, deciding for a medieval origin of the relief.
Following Karaman's arguments and his own later iconographic studies, Fučić has voiced an opinion that this figure represents Saint George—a saint to whom Plomin church is dedicated to. This conclusion was induced by the attribute the Plomin tablet figure hold in his hand. Fučić was unable to identify the object in the (back then) available repertoire of Roman plastics attributes that would match with the attribute of Plomin tablet figure. These were not fork or a fish gig but a three-leaved branch, a symbol of vegetation; it must have been an abbreviation for the conception of vegetation.
Christian iconography can interpret that attribute by a palm branch—of course, in a stylised, non-naturalistic form—and palm is a symbol of martyrs. Saint George only in the time of Crusades has become an idolized knight, horse-rider, dragon-slayer. In older Christian iconography he is but a messenger of faith and a martyr, and hence the martyr palm would suffice as an adequate attribute. By comparing the Plomin tablet figure with the remains of fresco from the ruinous church of Saint George near Vrbnik on the island of Krk, where this saint is portrayed not with one vegetational attribute but with two (holding one in each hand), Fučić has interpreted this unusual, exceptional iconography as a contamination of the perception of Saint George the martyr (holding a palm in his hand) with a perception of Croatian folk "green George" (Croatian: "zeleni Juraj") which carries spring greenery in his hand.
In his later work, Fučić concludes that he was an a secondary path to a proper solution. Later he summarily describes the problem and solutions as follows:
Glagolitic inscription is, therefore, secondary; it's graffiti. The fact that the relief was embedded in a church wall was conditioned by a subsequent folk reinterpretation, which in the imagery of Silvanus saw a portrait of Saint George, though probably still contaminated with the earlier conception of "green George".

</doc>
<doc id="20077130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077130" title="Stephen Otu">
Stephen Otu

Major General Stephen J. A. Otu (23 October 1915 – 1979) was a former Chief of the Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces. He was the first Ghanaian officer to serve in this capacity.
Career.
Stephen Otu was the second Ghanaian to become the Chief of Army Staff in October 1962, a position he occupied until July 1965 when the army headquarters became annexed to the Ministry of Defence. He also became the first Ghanaian officer to become the Chief of Defence Staff when the British army personnel were scaled down in 1961. He took over from Major General Henry Templer Alexander, a career British officer.

</doc>
<doc id="20077144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077144" title="Ravenor Nicholson">
Ravenor Nicholson

Ravenor Nicholson (born 6 October 1943) is a former South African cricketer, who played four seasons of first-class matches for Natal cricket team. A right-hand batsman and medium pace bowler, his only first-class half century was 89 not out for Natal B against Transvaal B in December 1967. Nicholson's best bowling came in the following match against Griqualand West, taking 5 wickets in each innings, finishing with match figures of 10/63. Nicholson is the cousin of Test match brothers Peter and Graeme Pollock. His brother Christopher played one first-class match for South African Universities in 1967.
He was born in Durban, Natal, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20077151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077151" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 120">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 120

The 120th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Luzerne County and includes the following areas:
During the 1990s, the district was predominantly Republican, especially in the towns of Kingston, West Pittston, and Shavertown. In recent years, the district has become increasingly Democratic. 57 percent of voters in the district are registered Democrats. It is a district that was carried by Al Gore in 2000, John Kerry in 2004, and Barack Obama in 2008. However, Republican Tom Corbett won the district in his race for governor in 2010. In 2012, President Obama won 55 percent of the district electorate. Kingston has been mostly Democratic since the late 2000s, West Pittston is now evenly split between the two parties, and Shavertown is only narrowly Republican now. 
The current state representative for the district, Phyllis Mundy, is a Democrat; she easily won reelection to an twelfth term in 2012 with 56 percent of the vote. Mundy has served as state representative for the 120th district since January 1991. In December 2013, she announced her upcoming retirement, after the 2014 midterm elections, after 12 terms in the state House.
The home seat of the district is Kingston, where Mundy grew up and lives, where the district office is located, and where a pluarlity of voters in her district reside. It is, by far, the largest municipality in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20077154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077154" title="Christopher Robert Nicholson">
Christopher Robert Nicholson

Christopher Robert Nicholson (born 1945) is a retired South African high court judge and a former cricketer, who played one first-class match for South African Universities in 1967. He attained prominence as a judge when he ruled that the South African Government had tampered with the evidence in the case against Jacob Zuma, an act that led to the resignation of the President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki.
Early life and sporting career.
Nicholson was born on 5 February 1945 on a farm near Richmond, KwaZulu-Natal, Natal, South Africa and was educated at Michaelhouse and at the University of Natal where he read law. He is a cousin of the brothers Peter and Graeme Pollock who played Test cricket for South Africa, and is a brother to Ravenor Nicholson, another first class cricketer and is also a cousin of the writer Alan Paton.
He represented the South African Universities against North Eastern Transvaal as a right-hand off spin bowler and a left-handed batsman. He took 3 for 58 in the match and batting at number 9, scored a total of 17 runs.
By the time Nicholson left university, the question of racial segregation in South African sport had led to South Africa's exclusion from the Olympic Games and in 1968 the English cricket team withdrew from a tour of South Africa due the South African government's objection to the inclusion of Basil d’Oliveria, a South African born coloured player who had emigrated to the United Kingdom to play professional cricket. In 1971, leading South African cricketers left the field in a token protest against Apartheid during a match to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the founding of the Republic of South Africa.
In 1973 Nicholson was among the founders of the Aurora Cricket Club – a mixed race club that applied for affiliation to the Maritzburg Cricket Union (MCU) and for inclusion in the all-white local cricket league. The club's inclusion in the league was supported by the Natal Cricket Association, and refused to be bullied by intimidatory police tactics such as taking the names of players and spectators – after each match the club voluntarily handed the police a list of all players.
Legal Resources Centre.
In 1979 Nicholson, following on the efforts of Arthur Chaskalson in Johannesburg, founded the Durban chapter of the Legal Resources Centre (LRC) to assist those who could not afford advice or legal representation. One such case was the 1984 challenge he successfully brought against the pass laws, which were intended to restrict "idle and undesirable" people to rural confines. In another case in 1986 his name was closely associated with Archbishop Denis Hurley's case against the minister of law and order when he turned the internal security laws on their head by challenging the right to detain for purposes of interrogation.
By the end of that decade the challenge had begun to take its toll. Exhausted, and diagnosed with Chronic fatigue syndrome, Nicholson resigned from his position at the LRC and took up a lecturing post at the Durban campus of the University of Natal where he taught evidence, civil procedure and professional practice. The slower pace of life in academia allowed him to spend time following his other pursuits – music and sport and to recover his health.
Advocate and judge.
In the early 1990s he left the university and took silk enabling him to become a judge. He was appointed to the bench in 1995, one of the first in post-Apartheid South Africa. He was later appointed to the Labour Appeal Court, and later became senior judge on the Natal bench. In 2006 he found the government to be in contempt of court over the provision of antiretrovirals for prisoners at Westville Prison and in mid-2008 he ruled against the Erasmus Commission, set up by Ebrahim Rasool to probe allegations of bribery in the City of Cape Town, finding that the former premier had abused his provincial powers.
Jacob Zuma was the deputy president of South Africa, leader of the African National Congress and poised to succeed Thabo Mbeki as President of South Africa. He was dismissed as deputy president by Mbeki in June 2005 when his financial advisor Schabir Shaik, was convicted of corruption and fraud. Zuma was subsequently charged with corruption by the National Prosecuting Authority. On 28 December 2007, after various procedural delays the Scorpions (A government anti-corrpution and anti-fraud investigation branch) served Zuma an indictment to stand trial in the High Court on various counts of racketeering, money laundering, corruption and fraud. Zuma appealed against the charges and on 12 September 2008 Nicholson held that Zuma's corruption charges were unlawful on procedural grounds. In his judgment Nicholson also wrote that he believed that there was political interference in the timing of the charges being brought against Zuma. Although this was initially denied by Mbeki, Mbeki was forced to resign on 20 September 2008.
Nicholson's ruling dismissing the charges against Zuma was unanimously overturned by the Supreme Court of Appeal, in a ruling which was critical of Nicholson's judgement in the case, including his addition of personal opinions to the ruling, and of including "gratuitous findings" about Mbeki and others in his judgement.[http://mg.co.za/article/2009-01-12-judge-nicholson-redcarded-by-sca][http://cdn.mg.co.za/uploads/zumajudgement.pdf]
After Nicholson retired, he headed a committee appointed by Fikile Mbalula, South African Sport and Recreation Minister that investigated the affairs of the South Africa's national cricketing body Cricket South Africa (CSA). The investigation was triggered by a report from KPMG, the federation's auditor that a bonus of R4.5 million (about GBP 400,000 or $700,000) had been paid to CSA's chief executive Gerald Majola without the knowledge of the federation's remuneration committee. The commission found that Majola had breached the South African Companies Act at least four times and recommended that both the SCA and the South African Revenue Service should consider taking further action. The commission also recommended a restucturing of CSA's structure.
Books written by Nicholson.
Nicholson has written a number books that reflect his other interests:

</doc>
<doc id="20077156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077156" title="PP-91 KEDR">
PP-91 KEDR

The PP-91 KEDR is a 9mm submachine gun developed from a prototype from the 1970s and since 1994 adopted by the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs.
Overview.
The PP-91 is a simply designed, easy to manufacture selective fire submachine gun designed by Yevgeny Dragunov (the designer of the SVD sniper rifle).
It is a blowback operated and fires from a closed bolt, allowing for more accurate shooting than would be possible from an open bolt design. Ammunition is fed from a double column box magazine and it is supplied with folding shoulder stock.
Constructed from stamped sheet steel, it weighs in near 3.5 lb. The safety/selector lever is located on the right hand side and allows for semi-automatic single shots and fully automatic fire at the rate of 800 rounds per minute. The effective range of the PP-91 is between 150–300 ft. The weapon uses a diopter sight and allows for the use of a laser sight and a suppressor.

</doc>
<doc id="20077184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077184" title="Imexbank">
Imexbank

JSCB "IMEXBANK" () is one of the largest commercial banks in Ukraine and is based in the city of Odessa. It was founded on March 29, 1994. The bank's primary owner is Leonid Klimov.

</doc>
<doc id="20077196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077196" title="Marquis Xuan of Cai">
Marquis Xuan of Cai

Marquis Xuan of Cai (蔡宣侯) (? - 715 BC), born Ji Cuòfu (姬措父), was the eleventh ruler of the State of Cai from 750 BC to 715 BC. He was the only known son of Marquis Dai of Cai (蔡戴侯), his predecessor. His reign for 35 years. He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20077198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077198" title="Wenatchee AppleSox">
Wenatchee AppleSox

The Wenatchee AppleSox are a collegiate summer baseball team playing in the West Coast League's East Division. The team is based in Wenatchee, Washington. The team was established in 2000 by owner Jim Corcoran and have played their home games at Paul Thomas Sr. Field on the campus of Wenatchee Valley College.
Team History.
The AppleSox began play in 2000 and joined the Pacific International League. The AppleSox marked the return of baseball to the Wenatchee Valley for the first time since the Wenatchee Chiefs suspended operations after the 1965 season. The AppleSox were a member of the PIL until 2004, when the team left the league to become a charter member of the West Coast League. The team has enjoyed on-field success under head coach Ed Knaggs, who joined the team in 2001. The team won the PIL Championship in 2003 and has won five WCL Championships in the league's eight-year history, including back-to-back titles in 2009 and 2010.
Ballpark Traditions.
The fans at Paul Thomas Sr. Field take a special liking each year to the AppleSox first base-coach, giving him a loud ovation each time he jogs to the coaches box. The tradition began with the fans in section A along the first baseline in 2006 and has spread across the entire stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20077199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077199" title="Seires">
Seires

Seires (Greek: Σειρές, before 1928: Βερσίτσι - "Versitsi") is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. It was named after the ancient town Seirae, that was part of Arcadian Azania. As of 2001, it had a population of 118 for the village and 392 for the community, which includes the villages Agioi Theodoroi, Agios Georgios, Krini and Thomaiika. Seires is situated at 940 m above sea level. Seires is 3 km west of Alestaina, 4 km northwest of Paos, 5 km east of Psofida and 23 km southwest of Kalavryta.
History.
According to Pausanias, Seirae was an Arcadian city at the border between Cleitor and Psophis. The city was located near the Soron Forest and near the ruined settlement of Paos. Seires was an independent community until 1997, when it joined the newly formed municipality of Aroania.

</doc>
<doc id="20077231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077231" title="Van Hogendorp">
Van Hogendorp

Van Hogendorp is a patrician family that belongs to the Dutch nobility, some with the title of 'graaf', count, others with the title of baron, others with the honorific of nobility jonkheer. The origins of the family date back to the 16th century, possibly to the region around Rotterdam. During the 17th and 18th century the family played a role in the government of Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20077250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077250" title="Oleksii Shovkunenko">
Oleksii Shovkunenko

Oleksii Oleksiyovych Shovkunenko (; 21 March 1884, Kherson - 12 March 1974, Kiev) was a Ukrainian painter and teacher, and from 1947 on a member of the USSR Academy of Arts.
Shovkunenko was born in the city of Kherson, in the Kherson Governorate of the Russian Empire (in the Kherson Oblast of present-day Ukraine).
Shovkunenko was a graduate of the Odessa Art School in 1908 and the Saint Petersburg Academy of Arts in 1917. He took part in the exhibitions of the Society of South Russian Artists from 1913–19 and was a member of the Kostandi Society of Artists from 1924–9. He taught at the Odessa Art Polytechnic from 1926–9 and at the Art Institute from 1929–35 and later at the Kiev State Art Institute from 1936–63.
Shovkunenko painted many portraits, including some of prominent Ukrainian cultural figures (such as Pavlo Tychyna, Mykola Lysenko, and Oleksader Bohomolets) and also he painted landscapes of Ukraine, Moscow and other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20077266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077266" title="Anne Hardenberg">
Anne Hardenberg

Anne Corfitzdatter of Hardenberg ("Anne Corfitzdatter Rønnow gift Hardenberg") (died 1588) was a Danish noblewoman. She served as a lady-in-waiting to the Dowager Queen Dorothea of Denmark from 1559–1572 and was the mistress to Frederick II.
Biography.
Of high nobility, Anne was the daughter of Corfitz Eriksen of Hardenberg and Mette Christiernsdatter Skram. Anne first got to know Frederick II, Queen Dorothea's eldest son, when he was a Crown Prince. He fell in love with her and wanted to marry her. However, a marriage was already planned between her and :da:Oluf Mouritsen Krognos, (1535–1573) Chancellor of the Realm ("Rigsråder fra Danmark"). When Frederick assumed the throne of Denmark in 1559 at the age of 25, he attempted once more to marry Anne. Frederick's desire to marry a lady of the court was met with widespread opposition. The nobility and the king's advisors believed it an imprudent match, as it might incite jealousy and accusations of favoritism among relatives and other court families. It is not known how Anne of Hardenberg herself felt about the king, but she, too, advised Frederick against the marriage.
Finally, in 1571, at age 37 the king relented and was betrothed instead to his 14-year-old first half-cousin Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. He apparently wished for his first love to approve of the match before going through with the betrothal, as he organized a meeting between himself, his future mother-in-law, the Duchess Elizabeth, and Anne. After the meeting, Anne wrote to her close friend, Birgitte Gøye, "God knows I am so happy and calm in my heart as I have not been in many years."
Shortly after the royal marriage, Anne of Hardenberg married her old suitor, Oluf Krognos. They were married on January 11, 1573 in Church of Our Lady ("Vor Frue Kirke") in Copenhagen. Unfortunately, he died six months after the wedding on June 25, 1573. She lived at her dowry, the Bregentved Estate outside Haslev in Zealand. Anne managed to keep her husband's family's financial support with the assistance of the royal family, especially the king's sister, Anna, Electress of Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="20077300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077300" title="Bernard Sainz">
Bernard Sainz

Bernard Sainz, aka Dr Mabuse, (born Rennes, France, 1 September 1943) is a medicine practitioner who achieved great success in horse racing and cycling.
Background.
Bernard Sainz began cycle-racing in 1958 when he was 15, riding a race on rollers. He won a bicycle as fastest rider. He joined the UC Créteil a club in the suburbs of Paris. One of his first training companions was Pierre Trentin, a future sprint champion. In 1964 he came third in the French students' championship in his home town. The winner was Jean-Marie Leblanc, who became a professional and then organiser of the Tour de France. He stopped racing after crashing in a motor-paced race on the velodrome at Grenoble
Sainz first consulted a homeopathic doctor in 1956 after persistent sinusitis. Sainz said: 
Sainz says he studied for three years at the homeopathic school of St Jacques in Paris and at the national homeopathy centre, from which he said he qualified with the praise of the examiners. He has always insisted that he practised homeopathy in treating racing cyclists. He accepts in his biography that his qualifications in homeopathy and acupuncture are not recognised in France.
Horse racing.
Bernard Sainz came to notice at horse racing tracks. In 1988 one of his three-year-olds, Soft Machine, caused a surprise by winning a big race three days after losing an unimportant one for which he had been favourite. The suspicion was that Sainz had doped the horse to run faster, but nothing was found. Sainz said: 
It was the training that he gave horses and the instructions that he gave his jockeys, he said in his autobiography, that made his horse successful. Sainz said he was surprised, with his cycling background, to see how lightly horses were trained. The accepted theory was that a horse should race and then rest for 18 days.
It was around this time that Sainz acquired the nickname Dr Mabuse, after the villain in a series of German books and films. Sainz was questioned in an inquiry into possible doping of horses. Horse-racing, Sainz said, was an area where he had made few friends and which didn't lack dangerous people.
Cycling.
Bernard Sainz returned to cycling in 1972, joining the Mercier team when Louis Caput replaced Antonin Magne as manager. Caput approached Edmond Mercier, the bicycle-maker behind Poulidor's team, and asked to bring Sainz into the team management. Mercier agreed, said Sainz, because he was already treating Mercier for his own health problems. Mercier had also brought in the insurance company, GAN, as main sponsor. GAN, said Sainz, wanted Raymond Poulidor, who had said the previous year that he would not race any more. Sainz said:
Sainz continued:
In Paris–Nice, the first important stage race of the season, Poulidor was 22 seconds behind Eddy Merckx on the morning of the last day. Poulidor attacked from the start, setting a speed record on the col de la Turbie that stood for more than 10 years and won Paris–Nice by two seconds. Next year he won Paris–Nice again and also the Dauphiné Libéré.
Sainz also treated Cyrille Guimard when pain in his knees was threatening his lead in the Tour de France. The two had met three years earlier. Sainz kept Guimard in the Tour even though the rider had sometimes to be carried from his bicycle. Sainz said:
'Dr' Mabuse.
Sainz's standing in cycling has frequently awarded him the title "doctor". The sports daily, "L'Équipe" spoke of how "Dr Bernard Sainz looked after the health of Louis Caput's team." Three days later it repeated the title in writing of Cyrille Guimard. In 1975 "Nord Éclair" referred to Sainz as having "had several years of medicine and looks after the medical cares of riders." As Dr Jean-Pierre de Mondenard pointed out: "In fact, the good Bernard did zero years of medicine." In the same year, "L'Équipe" wrote "Dr Sainz of the GAN team will probably join Gitane." Joop Zoetemelk refers to Sainz as "doctor" in a biography and so does Erwann Menthéour, another former rider 
Menthéour said:

</doc>
<doc id="20077318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077318" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 121">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 121

The 121st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Luzerne County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20077341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077341" title="1968–69 New York Knicks season">
1968–69 New York Knicks season

The 1968–69 New York Knicks season was the 23rd season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished third in the Eastern Division with a 54–28 record, and qualified for the NBA Playoffs for the third straight year.
In the first round of the playoffs, New York defeated the Baltimore Bullets in a four-game sweep to earn a berth in the Eastern Division Finals. The Knicks lost the division finals to the eventual NBA champion Boston Celtics in six games.
NBA Draft.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(1) Baltimore Bullets vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 4–0"
East Division Finals.
(3) New York Knicks vs. (4) Boston Celtics: "Celtics win series 4–2"

</doc>
<doc id="20077359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077359" title="Seibu Sayama Line">
Seibu Sayama Line

The is a commuter railway line in Saitama Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway. The 4.2 km line extends from Nishi-Tokorozawa Station on the Seibu Ikebukuro Line to Seibu-Kyūjō-mae Station in Tokorozawa, Saitama.
History.
The line and its two stations opened on 1 May 1929.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Seibu Sayama Line stations numbered prefixed with the letters "SI" (part of the Seibu Ikebukuro group of lines).

</doc>
<doc id="20077387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077387" title="I Can't Think Straight">
I Can't Think Straight

"I Can't Think Straight" is a 2008 romance film adapted from a same name novel about a London-based Jordanian of Palestinian descent, Tala, who is preparing for an elaborate wedding. A turn of events causes her to have an affair and subsequently fall in love with another woman, Leyla, a British Indian. The movie is distributed by Enlightenment Productions. It was released in different theatres between 2008 and 2009. The DVD was released on 4 May 2009. The movie is directed by Shamim Sarif and stars Lisa Ray and Sheetal Sheth.
The two actresses star in another movie with lesbian characters, namely "The World Unseen", released in 2008.
Plot.
In the upper echelons of traditional Middle Eastern society, Palestinians Reema and Omar prepare for the marriage of their daughter Tala to Hani in Jordan. But back at work in London, Tala encounters Leyla, a young British Indian woman who is dating Tala's best friend Ali. Tala sees something unique in the artless, clumsy, sensitive Leyla who secretly works to become a writer. And Tala's forthright challenges to Leyla's beliefs begins a journey of self-awareness for Leyla. As the women fall in love, Tala's own sense of duty and cultural restraint cause her to pull away from Leyla and fly back to Jordan where the preparations for an ostentatious wedding are well under way. As family members descend and the wedding day approaches, the pressure mounts until Tala finally cracks and extricates herself. Back in London, Leyla is heartbroken but learns to break free of her own self-doubt and her mother's expectations, ditching Ali and being honest with her parents about her sexuality. When Ali and Leyla's feisty sister Yasmin help throw Tala and Leyla together again, Tala finds that her own preconceptions of what love can be is the final hurdle she must jump to win Leyla back.

</doc>
<doc id="20077421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077421" title="Branford High School (Connecticut)">
Branford High School (Connecticut)

Branford High School is a public high school in Branford, Connecticut. It currently has about 1,200 students in grades 9-12. 
Former principal, Dr. Edmund Higgins, retired at the end of the 2007-2008 school year. During his tenure, Higgins was instrumental in the school's adoption of performance graduation requirements. All students must satisfy 13 performance graduation requirements in areas such as writing, non-fiction reading, mathematical problem solving, and scientific concepts.
One notable aspect of the school is its "Senior Exhibition" program. Every student must complete a thorough research project on a topic of his or her choice during senior year. It is to be presented in front of the community when completed, and graded by a panel of judges on a 1-5 scale (3 and up is passing).
According to the latest Strategic School Profile, 86.6 percent of Branford students in the class of 2006 took the SAT. Of those taking it, the average Math score was 505, Critical Reading was 513, and Writing was 514.
Branford High School is a member of the Southern Connecticut Conference, the second largest conference in the state. The school baseball team has won three state championships, in 1999, 2006, and 2009.
Although the school's mascot is the Hornet, they also have a dedicated fan named Henry Cromley. Henry is at every sporting event, and was awarded a plaque by the town as being "Branford's Biggest Fan." 

</doc>
<doc id="20077423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077423" title="Planetarium (disambiguation)">
Planetarium (disambiguation)

A planetarium is a theatre built primarily for presenting educational and entertaining shows about astronomy and the night sky.
Planetarium may also refer to:
Music:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20077456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077456" title="Ox Bow Inn">
Ox Bow Inn

The Ox Bow Inn and Saloon is an historic hotel in Payson, Arizona. The log inn was built as the Payson Hotel by William and Estlee Wade next to their restaurant, the Busy Bee. The rustic inn borrowed design elements from the Old Faithful Inn, with which Willie Wade was familiar from time spent in Yellowstone National Park. In 1945 the business was taken over and expanded by Jimmy Cox, who renamed the hotel the Ox Bow Inn.

</doc>
<doc id="20077478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077478" title="Eton Summer Course">
Eton Summer Course

Eton Summer Course is a three-week course for Chinese students at Eton College in England. The course has been run every summer since 2005. The aim of the course is to improve students' English and give first-hand exposure to British culture. The course is run by masters of Eton, with students of the school acting as teaching assistants.
The main part of the course is the daily English language classes in small classes to improve students' speaking and listening. To date there has been an average improvement in measured language ability of 25%. The measured improvement goes some way to explaining the popularity of the course, having attracted hundreds of students since 2005.
In addition, extra-curricular activities such as sports and trips to tourist sites are provided. Examples of these trips are to Oxford University, Windsor Castle and London. Other features of the course include public speaking and drama lessons, and lectures about life in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20077496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077496" title="Jillian Marsh">
Jillian Marsh

Jillian Marsh was raised in the coal-mining town of Leigh Creek, in South Australia’s Flinders Ranges, and she has had a long interest in mining issues and indigenous communities. In 1998 Marsh received the prestigious Jill Hudson Environmental Award for her work in educating people living near the Beverly Uranium Mine about the toxic dangers of uranium mining. In 2004 Marsh won a Doctoral candidacy at Adelaide University’s Geographical and Environmental Studies Department. Her PhD research topic is "A Look at the Approval of Beverley Mine and the Ways that Decisions are Made When Mining Takes Place in Adnyamathanha Country". In 2008, Jillian Marsh received the Nuclear-Free Future Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20077529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077529" title="Antonis Prekas">
Antonis Prekas

Antonis Prekas (Greek: Αντώνης Πρέκας, born 1960) of Michail is a journalist and a reporter. He was educated in film and TV history and wrote several books. He worked for some time in large Panhellenic newspaper and periodical circulations.
Biography.
He was born in Ermoupoli on the island of Syros in 1960 and studied Political Sciences at the Panteio University. He later studied as a hypocrite in the dramatic schools at the National and the Athens Odeums. He became a journalist in 1979. He married Elsa Symeonidou (Έλσα Συμεωνίδου) and raised two children.
Journalistic views.
In 1979, Prekas began writing the "Akropolis", mainly as an artistic reporter. For two years from 1921, he was a material coverer for the Sunday edition of the newspaper.
From 1983 until 1991, worked as a material planner and in newspapers "Elefthers Typos", "Ta Nea", "Vradyni", "24 Ores" and "Exormisi". In 1989, he was the first journalist of the Greek publisher to write the periodical "Penthouse" and the miscellaneous material periodical "Prosopa kai Pragmata". From 1991 until 1993, he was a journalists for "Eleftheros" and from 1993 was a journalist for "Ethnos tis Kyriakis or Ethnos Sunday Edition". He took part in the television enthusiasm and in 2001 in the cultural and artistic enthusiastically of the same paper.
In 1997, he participated as journalist of the Awards-Media Television Festival which organised from "TV Ethnos". He was a CD-ROM journalist publisher in 2000 with the history of Greek television, which was sold by "Ethnos" (cinematic care by Rena Theologidou).
Television and Radio presentations.
At broadcasting, he worked as a weekly producer on ANT1 along with Costas Carras. From that time on "Athens 984", he commissioned and presented every Sunday at 6 p.m. with that show and the music "Sta stekia ta palia" ("Στα στέκια τα παλιά").
His important positions in television was as a reporter in the show "Treis ston aera" ("Τρεις στον αέρα") (1986), a presenter in the video game "To Mystiko" ("Το Μυστικό" = "The Secret") (1988), he also was a contributor on the daily television show "Together and Today" ["Μαζί και σήμερα" = "Mazi kai simera"] on public television (1989), he was a main producer in the weekly theatrical show "Premiera" ("Πρεμιέρα" = "Premiere"), chief editor and a co-presenter of the television show "Paragogi Stefi films" ("Παραγωγή Stefi films"), which aired in 1990 on eight regional channels and in 2001, he commanded and presented the show "San Palio Sinema" ("Σαν Παλιό Σινεμά" = "Like the Old Cinema") with portraits of Greek actors and actresses.
Filmography.
Films.
He acted in ten cinematic films.
Theater.
He took part in 20 theatrical plays and presented for the theatrical works by Antonis Samarakis "Grafio Ideon" ("Γραφείο Ιδεών") and the "Post Office Street" ("Οδός Ταχυδρομείου" = '"Odos Tachydromeiou").
Television.
He took part in several TV series;

</doc>
<doc id="20077536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077536" title="Denmark, Tennessee">
Denmark, Tennessee

Denmark is an unincorporated community and former city in Madison County, Tennessee, United States roughly 14 miles southwest of Jackson. The zip code is 38391. It is the site of Denmark Presbyterian Church.
History.
Originally a Chickasaw village, it was settled by American pioneers around 1819, and incorporated in 1829; in January 1844, it was sufficiently populated that an academy was incorporated by the Tennessee General Assembly. A female academy was later opened there by the Presbyterians. There are four Chickasaw Indian Mounds just out of Denmark, Memphis State University is carbon dating items from this site and the date is 1000 AD. The Chickasaw Village here had about 500 inhabitants. It is on the Estonallie Indian Trail from North Carolina. It was settled after the 1818 Treaty with the Chickasaw Indians and Andrew Jackson. The Denmark Presbyterian Church was organized here in 1823 and the present building was built in 1854. The Big Black Creek Baptist Church was organized in 1820 by Obediah Dodson. Estonallie means, "Here we cross in the Chickasaw language and is on the Hatchie River, "Hatchie" means river in the language. Estonallie was also a favorite river crossing for General Nathan Bedford Forrest, he was here when he was promoted to Brig. General. At one time Denmark was larger than Memphis or Jackson, Tennessee.
The town's economy began to decline in the mid- to late 19th century, when it was bypassed by all of the railroads built through Madison County. By the mid-20th century, the city had ceased to function. In 1983, the General Assembly passed a statute providing for the forfeiting of the municipal charter of any city with a population under 100, for failure to exercise corporate powers, on or after April 20, 1983; Denmark's charter was forfeited April 28, 1983 by a chancery court order pursuant to this provision.
Denmark was the location of Madison County's West High School, which in 1992 was merged into South Side High School (Jackson, Tennessee) when West High abolished as part of the merger of the Jackson and Madison County school systems. There are two schools in Denmark, Denmark Elementary and Denmark Middle School.
The Battle of Britton's Lane during the American Civil War took place near Denmark. The Battle field is four miles behind the Denmark Presbyterian Church, the 30th Illinois camped on the church grounds the night before the battle, and the night of the battle the Southern troops camped on its ground and put their prisoners up stairs in the Masonic Lodge. This lodge was organized in 1847. The church now belongs to The Big Black Creek Historical Association and has been restored, it was built in 1854. www.bigblackcreekhistorical.com
A devastating tornado in 1909 destroyed a good part of the town. Another, in 2003, was similarly destructive to its counterpart of a century before.
Demographics.
The population of Denmark was 1174 in the 2010 Census, and is over 70% African-American.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Denmark has a Humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
Notable locals.
Obediah Dodson, organized over 30 Baptist Churches in West Tennessee, Big Black Creek Baptist in Denmark.
Murdoch McMillian, one time pastor of Denmark Presbyterian Church in 1833, Preached the first Presbyterian sermon standing on the banks of the Mississippi River at Chickasaw Bluffs.
Dr. George Savage, pastored Mercer Baptist Church, near Denmark, for 30 years and was president of Union University
Sonny Boy Williams, Blues Singer, buried at Blair Chapel CME cemetery in slave section.
Billy King, writer, Big Black Creek Vol. 1 and Big Black Creek Vol. II "A Community at War."
Capt. John Ingram, Capt. of Denmark Danes, Company K, Seventh Tennessee Reg. Buried in Denmark Presbyterian Church. 
Fonville NeVille, writer
The Russell Brothers (NBA and Collegiate Basketball Players)(Ted, Frank, Campy, Larry and Walker D) the son's of Jake Russell-Anthony and Mary Sue Ingram-Russell are from Denmark. These brothers are from the only family in the history of America to have 5 College Level Division 1 basketball players and 3 NBA players in the same family. Includes Ted Russell Tuskegee and Northern Arizona 1966-69, Dr. Frank Russell - University of Detroit 1969-72 & Chicago Bulls 1972-73), Campy Russell U of Michigan 1971-74 - Cleveland Cav's, New York Knicks 1974 - 1985), Dr. Larry Russell - University of Detroit 1974-75, Walker D. Russell - U of Houston & Western Michigan 1979 1982 & Detroit Piston, Atlanta Hawks, Indiana Pacers - 1982 - 1989). All attended and graduated from Pontiac Central High in Pontiac Michigan , except Theodoric (Ted) who graduated from West High in Denmark class of 1965 - The Pontiac News is the source Publisher Frank Russell www.thepontiacnews.com
In popular culture.
Two mystery novels take place in part in a fictional version of Denmark: "Such Vicious Minds: A Murder Mystery Featuring Elvis Presley" by Daniel Klein; and "Something Rotten" by Alan Gratz.
External links.
Big Black Creek facebook pages

</doc>
<doc id="20077544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077544" title="Jeff Ogden">
Jeff Ogden

Jeffrey Matthew Ogden (born February 22, 1975) is a former American football player who was a wide receiver, kickoff and punt returner in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons. He played for the Dallas Cowboys, the Miami Dolphins and the Baltimore Ravens.
He retired following the 2002 season. Ogden's most productive seasons as a wide receiver was in 1999, when he caught 12 passes for 144 yards in 10 games. He caught his only touchdown reception in 2001. As a Dolphin, Ogden returned punts including one for a touchdown. He ended his professional career playing in 67 games, registering 28 receptions for 304 yards and one touchdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20077553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077553" title="Battle of Britton's Lane">
Battle of Britton's Lane

The Battle of Britton's Lane occurred September 1, 1862, near the village of Denmark in rural Madison County, Tennessee, during the American Civil War.
Ordered to raid north from Mississippi by Maj. Gen. Sterling Price, commanding the Army of the West, thus to prevent Ulysses S. Grant's reinforcing Maj. Gen. Don Carlos Buell in Tennessee, Brig. Gen. Frank C. Armstrong's cavalry brigade struck Col. Elias S. Dennis's Federal force of two cavalry troops, a battery and two infantry regiments. After four hours, in which they suffered heavy losses while taking 213 prisoners, and two field pieces, the raiders withdrew, their mission accomplished.

</doc>
<doc id="20077591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077591" title="Helvetistä itään">
Helvetistä itään

Helvetistä Itään (transl. Eastward from Hell, play on "East of Eden") is the sixth studio album by the band Kotiteollisuus.

</doc>
<doc id="20077604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077604" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 122">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 122

The 122nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up entirely of Carbon County.

</doc>
<doc id="20077711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077711" title="Marie Maxime Cornu">
Marie Maxime Cornu

Marie Maxime Cornu (July 16, 1843 – April 3, 1901) was a French botanist and mycologist. He was a younger brother to physicist Alfred Cornu (1841-1902).
Cornu was a lecturer at the "Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle" in Paris, and from 1884 to 1901 was chair of horticulture at the museum. He is remembered for his research of cryptogams, as well as his investigations involving agents of plant diseases, in particular "phylloxera vastatrix", a pest that caused extensive damage to French vineyards and negatively affected wine production.

</doc>
<doc id="20077736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077736" title="NZV8 magazine">
NZV8 magazine

NZV8 is a monthly automotive magazine and website that focuses on V8 cars, car clubs and the related culture predominantly in New Zealand, but also Australia and the USA.
Its readership is 96,000
It was the third automotive magazine to be published by Parkside Media, the other two being NZ Performance Car and NZ Classic Car.
NZV8's offices are in Grey Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand.
The magazine's tagline was originally "Feel the power". It was changed in issue 32 (January 2008) to "NZ's top circuit, strip and street machines."
Magazine contents.
As of the December 2008 issue (#43), the typical magazine contents include:
Website.
Daily news articles are available weekdays which are additional to magazine content. Full magazine articles are available from previous issues, often including additional photos and information (including videos) that could not be fitted into the magazine.
Some writers run blogs on the website, and a forum is run as a subsite to encourage user interaction.
Users can purchase books related to muscle cars, Pony cars, V8s and motorsport, as well as back issues and subscriptions in the online shop.
Online games.
Jetsprint Legends is the first game in the world to feature jet boat racing on New Zealand's jet boat tracks.
Television.
The inaugural season of NZV8 TV was broadcast in 2009 over 13 weeks as a part of Powerbuilt Tools Motorsport on TV1, Sunday afternoons.
Editorial staff.
Editor Todd Wylie was former assistant editor of NZ Performance Car magazine.
Notable contributors.
V8 Supercar driver Jason Richards has a monthly column. New Zealand V8s driver Andy Booth presents NZV8 TV.
Government policy.
Like its sister publication NZ Classic Car NZV8 has supported various parties in lobbying Land Transport NZ for easing rules on car modification, frontal impact laws for low volume vehicle certification and steering systems. It is recognised by the V8 industry as working for their benefit.
Awards.
Publisher Greg Vincent received the Meguiar’s Collector’s Car Person of the Year Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20077749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077749" title="Nakdong River Battle Museum">
Nakdong River Battle Museum

Nakdong River Battle Museum is a small museum built inside the Apsan Park to commemorate the soldiers and civilians killed during the Korean War at a battle that raged near the Nakdong River. The grounds around the museum are scattered with vintage tanks and airplanes from the Korean War. Built in 1979 the museum has two floors with exhibits from the Korean War and other significant eras in Korea's past. Other areas within the museum pay tribute to those that died in both natural and man-made disasters in Korea's past. 

</doc>
<doc id="20077769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077769" title="Kodak EasyShare C613">
Kodak EasyShare C613

Of the four new Kodak models announced at PMA 2007, the entry point looks to be the Kodak EasyShare C613, a six megapixel camera with Kodak-branded 3x optical zoom lens, 2.4" LCD display, and 10MB of built-in memory. Other features of the Kodak C613 include USB connectivity, an / MMC card slot, and power from two AA batteries (with alkaline disposables in the product bundle).
EasyShare C613 shooting modes include digital IS, auto, SCN, video, close-up and favorites. Available scene modes include portrait, night portrait, landscape, night landscape, closeup, sports, snow, beach, text/document, backlight, museum/manner, fireworks, high ISO, children, flower, self-portrait, sunset and candlelight. The C613's top ISO sensitivity is rated at 1,250.
C613 movies are recorded in QuickTime MPEG4 format with audio, available in VGA (640 x 480) at 15 frame/s and QVGA (320 x 240) at 30 frame/s quality settings, with lengths up to 80 minutes based on memory capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20077819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077819" title="Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus">
Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus

Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus was a man of Roman Senatorial rank who lived in the Roman Empire in the 2nd century.
Cornutus was the son and only child of Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus and Plancia Magna. His paternal grandparents were the Proconsul and Suffect Consul Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus and possibly Tertulla. While his maternal grandparents were the Roman Senator and Proconsul Marcus Plancius Varus and Herodian Princess Julia. His family were prominent citizens and patrons in Perga. 
Cornutus was of Roman, Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian and Persian ancestry. Through his maternal grandmother, Cornutus' ancestors were King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Cornutus along with his mother, maternal uncle Gaius Plancius Varus and his maternal relatives were among the last known descendants of the Herodian Dynasty. He appeared to be an apostate to Judaism. It is unlikely that Cornutus attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics. He was born and raised in Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. 
In the Agora in Perga, the local government in Perga had dedicated and honored Cornutus with an inscription on a statue base. This inscription honors Cornutus and his family. Cornutus and his ancestors are highly praised as the benefactors of Perga and the inscription states how lawful, considerable and rewarding citizens they were. This inscriptions reveals how prominent he and his family were and shows the respect that the citizens of Perga had for Cornutus and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20077832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077832" title="2008 Mexico City plane crash">
2008 Mexico City plane crash

An official Mexican Interior Ministry aircraft crashed in central Mexico City at around 18:45 local time on November 4, 2008. Mexican Secretary of the Interior Juan Camilo Mouriño, who was aboard the plane, was killed in the crash, along with the other seven people on board and at least six people on the ground.
The plane crashed in rush-hour traffic close to the intersection of Paseo de la Reforma and the Anillo Periférico, in the Las Lomas residential and business district.
Details.
The Interior Secretariat-owned Learjet 45 (registration XC-VMC) left Ponciano Arriaga International Airport in San Luis Potosí, S.L.P., and was short of landing at Mexico City International Airport when it crashed, amidst rush-hour traffic, in the heart of the financial district at approximately 18:45, 
causing an explosion that "reached higher than the buildings." 
According to Secretary of Communications and Transport Luis Téllez, there were no survivors. 
Téllez also stated that the crash appeared to be an accident.
The crash heavily damaged the surrounding area, setting multiple cars and a newsstand on fire and injuring at least 40 people. Body parts were reported to be scattered around the wreckage.
Deaths.
Among the dead was Secretary of the Interior Juan Camilo Mouriño, top aide to President Felipe Calderón. Mouriño was in charge of the fight against the drug trade in Mexico.
Also on the plane were:
Government response.
President Felipe Calderón addressed the nation live on national television. He spoke of Mouriño as "one of his closest friends and collaborators" and conveyed his condolences to the family. 
He stated that Mouriño was a man "who always fought to make Mexico a better country" and he guaranteed the nation that there would be an investigation on the causes behind the plane crash. Calderón encouraged Mexican men and women to continue fighting for a better country, "no matter how difficult or painful any rising event may be".
Marcelo Ebrard, Head of Government of the Federal District, also conveyed his condolences to the family of the Secretary of Interior and assured that Mexico City's government would issue a statement to the nation regarding the issue. 
Ebrard later said that the Mexico City government would give financial aid to all of the injured receiving medical care, irrespective of whether they had been admitted to private or public hospitals, and he stated that the local authorities had handed over all recordings taken by surveillance video cameras to the federal attorney general (PGR), along with all witness accounts that local police were able to gather.
Several other political figures have made statements regarding the crash, including various senators from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and Germán Martínez, leader of the ruling National Action Party (PAN).
A group of senators – from different political parties – have asked the Procuraduría General de la República (PGR) to investigate the accident so that all doubts and inquiries on the event may be cleared.
Results of investigation.
The black boxes were sent to the United States for analysis. Information gathered from 38 minutes of cabin conversations, along with video footage from a security camera on top of the Omega Office Building, provided evidence for an official statement by the Mexican Government that the crash was the result of pilot error. The Learjet was ruled to have been following too close to a Boeing 767-300 jet operated by Mexicana Airlines, and therefore suffered violent wake turbulence caused by the larger jet. The minimum allowable distance for a lighter plane to follow behind a heavier plane is ; the Learjet was only behind the Mexicana airplane.
Investigations into the accident have discovered several issues with the Mexican government's use of private contractors as pilots of government aircraft, especially important in cases such as this, when the passengers are high-level officials. Aviación Ejecutiva SA de CV is a company out of Toluca Mexico that currently holds the contract with the Mexican Federal government to provide services of maintenance and pilots for the federal airline fleet.
Benito Juarez Airport restricts light general aviation, which typically flies from Toluca International Airport. Only some government areas handle small and medium planes from facilities in Mexico City's Benito Juarez International Airport.
Several key elements of the accident have emerged during the investigation:

</doc>
<doc id="20077849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077849" title="Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus">
Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus

There were two Romans of Senatorial rank with the name Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus who lived in the 1st and 2nd centuries in the Roman Empire. One was a father, the other his son.
Suffect Consul of 100.
Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus was the son of a prominent citizen from Perga, Gaius Julius Cornutus Bryonianus and there is a possibility that his mother’s name could have been Tertulla. He was born and raised in Attaleia (modern Antalya) in the Roman province of Pamphylia. 
Tertullus served as a Roman Governor of Crete and Cyrene. After 70 the Roman Emperor Vespasian promoted him to Praetorian Rank. In the reign of Vespasian’s second son Domitian (81-96), Tertullus served as a Proconsul of Gallia Narbonensis. 
In 98, Tertullus was appointed Prefect of the Treasury. His colleague in his appointment was his friend the historian and Roman Senator Pliny the Younger. In 100 Tertullus served as a suffect consul, while Pliny served as a consul in Rome. 
Between 109-110, Tertullus conducted a census in Gallia Aquitania and between 112-115 served as a Proconsul of Bithynia and Pontus. Then again Tertullus served as a Proconsul of the Africa Province between 116-118. Tertullus married an unnamed Roman woman from this marriage had a son of the same name (see below) and a daughter called Julia Tertulla.
Husband of Plancia Magna.
Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus was the son to the above and the identity of his mother is unknown. He was born and raised in Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. Unfortunately very little is known on him. 
This Tertullus married a Roman woman from Perga called Plancia Magna, who a prominent citizen and patron of Perga. Magna was the daughter of Roman Senator and Proconsul Marcus Plancius Varus and Herodian Princess Julia. Tertullus and Magna had a son and only child called Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus.

</doc>
<doc id="20077857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077857" title="Eastern View High School">
Eastern View High School

Eastern View High School (EVHS) is a public high school located in Culpeper County, Virginia.
It shares its district with Culpeper County High School (CCHS).
The school was built in 2008, and now holds around 1,200 students. 
History.
The construction for Eastern View High School began in 2006 and continued for two years. The school opened in the fall of 2008. 
There is an annual rivalry game against the other high school in the county, Culpeper County High School. This is normally a pre-season game and the profits are used for a charity, which varies every year. Eastern View fields vary competitive sports teams yearly.
Academic opportunities.
Certain students at the high school are also eligible to apply to Mountain Vista Governor's School to take advanced math, science, humanities, and research courses.

</doc>
<doc id="20077883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077883" title="Julia Tertulla">
Julia Tertulla

Julia Tertulla was a Roman woman who lived in the 1st century and 2nd century in the Roman Empire. Tertulla was the daughter of suffect consul Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus and the identity of her mother is unknown. Tertulla was born and raised in Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. She was the paternal aunt to Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus.
She married a man of Roman Senatorial rank called Lucius Julius Marinus Caecilius Simplex. Caecilius Simplex appears to have originated from Pamphylia or Lycia. He was Proconsul of Lycia-Pamphylia from 96-98 and served as a consul in 101 during the reign of the Roman Emperor Trajan in Rome. In the city of Tlos, Lycia there is an honorary inscription dedicated to her as the wife of Caecilius Simplex. This dedication was most probably done when her husband served as a legatus Augusti in that province. 

</doc>
<doc id="20077885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077885" title="Stephen Paul (physicist)">
Stephen Paul (physicist)

Stephen F. Paul (November 13, 1953 - September 15, 2012) was a physicist at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory at Princeton University. He created and patented the P-series fuels, a new, liquid, renewable, non-petroleum gasoline formulation. He was in the process converting an unused sludge plant in Trenton, NJ to process organic waste for fuel before he died.
He lived in New Jersey with his wife. He had three grown children. 
He had a BS from Cornell University and a MS and PhD from Columbia University. 

</doc>
<doc id="20077904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077904" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 123">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 123

The 123rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Schuylkill County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20077917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077917" title="Gaius Julius Cornutus Bryonianus">
Gaius Julius Cornutus Bryonianus

Gaius Julius Cornutus Bryonianus was a Roman who lived in the 1st century in the Roman Empire. Bryonianus originally came from Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. Bryonianus could have been related to a certain "Bryonianus Lollianus", a local man of Equestrian Rank from Side, Pamphylia.
Bryonianus served as an Agonothetes (magistrate of games) during the Varian Games in Perga. He had built a large, prestigious palace where he lived. The palace was built near the baths in Perga and its remains are still there. 
Bryonianus in the reign of Roman Emperor Claudius (41-54), had built Perga’s Palaestra. The monument measures 76 x 76 meters and Bryonianus dedicated this building and its inscription to Claudius. The Palaestra’s structure has been preserved well. In the reign of Roman Emperor Nero (54-68) Bryonianus did a bilingual (see Multilingualism) dedication to Nero. 
Bryonianus could have married a Roman woman called Tertulla. From this marriage, he had a son called Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus a future proconsul, suffect consul and a friend to historian Pliny the Younger. 

</doc>
<doc id="20077936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077936" title="Delhi Community Arena">
Delhi Community Arena

Delhi Community Arena is a recreation center located in Delhi, Ontario, Canada. It is also known as the Delhi Community Centre. Located on 144 Western Avenue, the travel time from downtown is a very short driving distance away.
Summary.
The community centre itself has an open concept seating plan that has a total capacity of 150 people. The local "Harvestfest" has their opening ceremonies held every year in this location on the middle of September.
Hockey teams from various age groups and levels compete here from the end of September to the end of March; including the Delhi Travellers minor league hockey team and the Delhi Rockets hockey team for children.
There is a baseball field complete with a concession stand located just outside of the premises for summer time diversions in addition to a swimming pool. Little league baseball games between early April and late August by the Delhi Minor Baseball organization (with an established history of providing children and youth with opportunities for local baseball). Frequent opponents include their rivals in the Simcoe Minor Baseball organizations and other teams in the Delhi area like Woodstock, Tillsonburg, and Langton.

</doc>
<doc id="20077939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077939" title="NZV8 (disambiguation)">
NZV8 (disambiguation)

NZV8 or NZ V8 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20077968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077968" title="Hyssopus officinalis">
Hyssopus officinalis

Hyssopus officinalis, hyssop is a herbaceous plant of the genus "Hyssopus" native to Southern Europe, the Middle East, and the region surrounding the Caspian Sea. Due to its properties as an antiseptic, cough reliever, and expectorant, it is commonly used as an aromatic herb and medicinal plant.
Characteristics.
Hyssop is a brightly coloured shrub or subshrub that ranges from in height. The stem is woody at the base, from which grow a number of straight branches. Its leaves are lanceolate, dark green in colour, and from long.
During the summer, the plant produces bunches of pink, blue, or, more rarely, white fragrant flowers. These give rise to small oblong achenes.
History and cultivation.
Hyssop has been in use since Classical antiquity. Its name is a direct adaptation from the Greek "ὕσσωπος ". The Hebrew word אזוב ("esov" or "esob") and the Greek word ὕσσωπος probably share a common (unknown) origin. The name hyssop appears in some translations of the Bible, notably in verse 7 of Psalm 51 – "Thou shalt purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean" (King James Bible). Researchers have suggested that the Biblical accounts refer not to the plant currently known as hyssop but rather to one of a number of different herbs. The biblical plant translated as hyssop is discussed further at ezov.
The species as a whole is resistant to drought, and tolerant of chalky, sandy soils. It thrives in full sun and warm climates.
Cultivars include 'Blue Flower'.
Harvest.
Under optimal weather conditions, herb hyssop is harvested twice yearly, once at the end of spring and once more at the beginning of the fall. The plants are preferably harvested when flowering in order to collect the flowering tips.
Once the stalks are cut, they are collected and dried either stacked on pallets to allow for draining or hung to dry. The actual drying process takes place in a cool, dry, well-ventilated area, where the materials are mixed several times to ensure even drying. Drying herbs are kept from exposure to the sun to prevent discoloration and oxidation. The drying process takes approximately six days in its entirety. Once dried, the leaves are removed and both components are chopped finely. The final dried product weighs a third of the initial fresh weight and can be stored for up to 18 months.
The fresh herb is commonly used in cooking. Essence of hyssop can be obtained by steaming, and is used in cooking to a lesser extent.
Uses.
The plant is commonly used by beekeepers to produce a rich and aromatic honey.
Herb hyssop leaves are used as an aromatic condiment. The leaves have a lightly bitter taste due to its tannins, and an intense minty aroma. Due to its intensity, it is used moderately in cooking. The herb is also used to flavor liqueur, and is part of the official formulation of Chartreuse.
Medicinal uses.
As a medicinal herb, hyssop has soothing, expectorant, and cough suppressant properties. The plant also includes the chemicals thujone and phenol, which give it antiseptic properties. Its high concentrations of thujone and chemicals that stimulate the central nervous system can provoke epileptic reactions when taken in high enough doses. The oil of hyssop can cause seizures and even low doses (2–3 drops) can cause convulsions in children.
It has been also used in the formulation of eye drops and mouthwash.
Herb hyssop has also been observed to stimulate the gastrointestinal system.

</doc>
<doc id="20077985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077985" title="The Philosopher's Pupil">
The Philosopher's Pupil

"The Philosopher's Pupil" is a 1983 novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch. It is set in a small English spa town called Ennistone.

</doc>
<doc id="20077987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20077987" title="Aridarum">
Aridarum

Aridarum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that consists of seven species. There are likely more species yet to be discovered in this genus. All of the known plants in this genus are rheophytic and are found growing in Borneo. The plant is aquatic and has willow-shaped leaves that are able to take strong currents without sustaining damage.

</doc>
<doc id="20078023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078023" title="Scieneer Common Lisp">
Scieneer Common Lisp

Scieneer Common Lisp is a commercial implementation of the Common Lisp programming language featuring support for Symmetric multiprocessing on a range of Linux, Solaris and HP-UX platforms. The compiler generates fast 64-bit and 32-bit native code.
License.
The Scieneer CL is commercial software and is licensed per-system. However it is available free for non-commercial use, see Free download.
History.
The Scieneer CL is developed by Douglas Crosher at Scieneer and is a commercial fork of the CMU Common Lisp implementation. Douglas contributed to the CMUCL for many years before creating the Scieneer CL fork of CMUCL. The Scieneer CL 1.1 was publicly released in September 2002. The Scieneer CL 1.2 version was released in September 2003 and was the first Common Lisp implementation for the 64-bit AMD64 platform. The Scieneer CL 1.3 version was released in April 2006 and added support for Solaris on x86 and 64 bit AMD64 platforms. The Scieneer CL was made available free for non-commercial use in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20078038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078038" title="The Giant Garden of Oz">
The Giant Garden of Oz

The Giant Garden of Oz is a novel written and illustrated by Eric Shanower, first published in 1993 by Emerald City Press, a division of Books of Wonder. As its title indicates, the novel is a volume in the ever-growing literature on the Land of Oz, written by L. Frank Baum and many successors.
Synopsis.
Temporally, Shanower places his novel at the end of the twentieth century; he takes up the story of Uncle Henry and Aunt Em, the surrogate parents of Dorothy Gale. In his sixth Oz book, "The Emerald City of Oz", Baum had brought the two characters from the mundane world of Kansas to the Emerald City, where they enjoyed a blissful retirement. At the start of "The Giant Garden of Oz", the couple, "after eighty-some years of a life of luxury," have decided to return to farming. (Inhabitants of Oz do not age, unless they want to.) They have acquired a small farm in the Munchkin Country; with magical aids designed by the Wizard of Oz, their farm labor is much less demanding than in the Kansas of their past.
Dorothy comes to pay her first visit to the new farm — but encounters an unprecedented problem. Overnight, the couple's vegetable garden grows to enormous size, with giant beets, broccoli, peppers, and watermelons, and heads of cabbage twenty feet high. The farmhouse is hemmed in by a vegetable wall. Dorothy sets out for the Emerald City, climbing a landscape of mountainous produce. Outside the garden, she crosses the Munchkin Country and meets new friends, principally a white-and-purple cow named Imogene, who gives varying dairy products depending upon her mood:
In a crisis, Imogene can yield a healing golden milk; and in the course of the tale, she gives whipped cream and ice cream too. (Imogene the cow originated in "The Wizard of Oz", the 1902 stage adaptation of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".)
Imogene talks Dorothy into accepting her companionship (the cow wants to see the Emerald City). With the help of the Wizard, Dorothy begins to unravel the mystery of the giant garden, and to follow the trail of a would-be witch called Old Magda who is its cause. The task isn't easy; the trio endure a thunderstorm and a near-crash-landing during a balloon flight.
Magda created a giantism potion to make her gardening more productive and her life easier — but lost control of it; giant moles, eating the giant vegetables, become a pest to all and sundry. Dorothy falls prey to giantism herself and endures a subterranean ordeal before she, the Wizard, and Princess Ozma resolve the problem and restore the normal order of Oz.
In the end, Dorothy and her friends face a choice. They rescue Old Magda and Imogene the cow from being buried alive; then they learn that they can revive one or the other, but not both. Saving the old witch can lead to the antidote for Dorothy's giantism; but Dorothy finds she cannot allow her bovine companion to die. Once recovered, however, Imogene supplies the golden milk that restores Magda too. The antidote is obtained, and Dorothy is restored to her normal size. Old Magda reforms, and Imogene gets her tour of the Emerald City.

</doc>
<doc id="20078063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078063" title="Jenny Ferguson">
Jenny Ferguson

Jenny Ferguson is a retired New Zealand netball player. Ferguson played domestic netball with the Otago Rebels from 2000–02 and the Southern Sting from 2003–07, captaining the side in 2007. She is also a former New Zealand A captain. Ferguson announced her retirement from all aspects of netball after the Sting won the 2007 National Bank Cup against the Northern Force. This was the last season of the National Bank Cup, which was replaced by a new trans-Tasman netball league called the ANZ Championship.
Ferguson linked up with the new Southern ANZ Championship franchise, the Southern Steel, as a physiotherapist. Nevertheless, she has been called up as a temporary replacement for injured or absent Steel players in each year of the ANZ Championship: in 2008 Ferguson filled in for former team mate Megan Hutton who was finishing her stint in England with Team Northumbria; in 2009 she was a temporary replacement player for the injured Sheryl Scanlan; and in 2010 provided injury cover during the preseason.

</doc>
<doc id="20078106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078106" title="Bloodsworth Island">
Bloodsworth Island

Bloodsworth Island is an island in the Chesapeake Bay. It lies in southern Dorchester County, Maryland. For much of the 20th century, it was used as a naval gunnery range. Due to extensive contamination by unexploded ordnance, the island is currently off-limits to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20078117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078117" title="Kukkal">
Kukkal

Kookal is a Panchayat village of terrace farmers at the far western end of the Palani Hills in Kodaikanal block of Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu state, South India. It is from Kodaikanal at: . Elevation is . Kookal is notable for the high biodiversity of the area.
Geography.
Kookal sits at the head of the Kudiraiyar River basin. In this hilly terrain, topography may account for large variations in rainfall over short distances. A rain gauge at the border of the Kookal forest at recorded rainfall about 50% higher than that of two rain gauges in grasslands at the same altitude and northern slope during 1956-1966.
Employment.
Out of 392 households reporting income, the means of livelihood are: casual labour 149, subsistence cultivation 183, artisan 32, salary 14. other 14
Health.
Drinking water for 391 households is supplied from a source: greater than elevation of 100 meter - 13, within Elevation of 50-100 meter - 149, within Elevation of less than 50 meters -127, within House - 102. within an elevation of more than 50 meters. There is a lack of sanitary latrine facilities. Out of a total of 392 homes: 291 use open defection, 44 use a group latrine with regular water supply, 22 use group latrine with regular water supply, 2 use a clean group latrine with regular water supply and a regular sweeper and 33 use a private latrine. 
Education.
There is a Panchayat Union primary school here.
Out of 392 children 5–14 years old, 204 are working and not going to school, 7 are going to school and working, 176 are going to school and not working and 5 no response. Household literacy rate is 79%.
Wildlife.
The area includes four types of ecosystems — swamp, grassland, freshwater lake and shola. Kookal lake runs through the middle of the sholas and surrounding grasslands. The Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History has a field research station here.
The Southern Montane Wet Temperate Forest has some unique features. An enormous 800-year-old tree, (sp.?) which bears fruit said to be useful for patients suffering from diabetes and high blood pressure, is found here. It is now fenced in and under the care of the Tamil Nadu Forest Department. Very rare single fern trees, jamun and rudraksha trees, 26 species of cinnamon and the Shenbagam flower tree highlight the plant biodiversity.
Evergreen rain forest once extended down the valleys and slopes of the Palani Hills almost to the plains. One relatively large patch of evergreen forest survives on the north-west edge of the Palani plateau west of the settlement of Kookal. It lies on the flanks and crest of a north-south ridge and is mostly between and elevation. There is also a stunted dry woodland on parts of the ridge crest. Beyond the forest is the most extensive remaining montane grassland wilderness of the Palani Hills, merging with Manjampatti Valley in the Indira Gandhi National Park.
Woody plants were inventoried in December 2004 in the Kookal Reserve Forest. A total of 
2279 stems belonging to 83 species, 68 genera and 40 families were inventoried. Of these, 16 
species from 12 genera and 12 families were lianas. The most abundant species (≥ 1 cm dbh) was Psychotria nilgiriensis var. astephana (Rubiaceae), which accounted for 12% of the stems sampled. Xantolis tomentosa var. elengioides had the 
largest basal area. Lauraceae was the dominant family accounting for 20% of the stems. About 30% of the species were endemic to the Western Ghats.
The Sholas are shrinking and wildlife population are threatened due to monoculture plantations of the Introduced species pine, eucalyptus and wattle. Along with the encroaching trees, ground ferns are also eating into the grasslands, affecting both the flora and the fauna of the area.
Two Wildlife corridors for Indian Elephants have been identified in the Palani Hills. One is from Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park through Amaravathy and Kudhiraiyar to the Palar Dam, then up the
valley almost to Ganesh Nagar, below Pethuparai. The second corridor is between Top Station in Kerala to Berijam. The two corridors may be linked in the Kookal area, and studies are underway to verify the link.
Bison, mouse deer and barking deer are commonly sighted. In 2007, Tiger Pugmarks were seen in Kookal shola. In 2006, a rare Manjampatti White Bison was seen in a herd of about eight or ten normal coloured Bison grazing and resting on mountain downs above Kookal. Kookal lake hosts a healthy otter population. The Kookal sholas are noted for 165 species of butterflies, and a number of relatively uncommon birds such as the Wood pigeon, Nilgiri Pipit and 15 types of dabchicks.
Trekking.
Many of these wilderness areas and various wildlife may be seen while trekking in the area of Kookal. It is not safe to trek in the area without a local guide.
From Kavunji take the footpath leading to Mannavanur. From there an old footpath leads to the sheep farm. Cross it and reach the Kodaikanal road. Follow the road to Kookal. Enroute, there are pleasant meadows of the sheep farm. Above Kookal you can see the caves where ancient men were living. Deer are common.
Visitor information.
Tourists are required to get permission from the Forest Department to visit Kookal or trek in the forest areas. Please contact: Government of Tamil Nadu, Tourist Office, Annasalai, Kodaikanal, 624 101, Tamil Nadu, India. PH; 04542- 241675. A trekking map is available from them. "Bison Wells" Lodge has a panoramic view of the eastern slopes of Kookal ridge.
External links.
"If any of these informative Photos of Kookal belong to you, you can

</doc>
<doc id="20078124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078124" title="Clark Waddoups">
Clark Waddoups

Clark Waddoups (born 1946 in Arco, Idaho) is the 15th judge of the United States District Court for the District of Utah. Nominated by President George W. Bush, he was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 26, 2008.
Education and legal career.
Judge Waddoups received his undergraduate degree from Brigham Young University in 1970 and his juris doctorate from the University of Utah's law school in 1973. He was most recently a partner in the law firm of Parr, Waddoups, Brown, Gee & Loveless where he was a trial lawyer specializing in commercial litigation, including antitrust, securities, labor/employment, banking, construction, environmental and insurance claims. Clark Waddoups has represented clients in industries such as heavy manufacturing, broadcasting, banking and finance, automotive, oil, and real estate.
Community and professional involvement.
Waddoups practiced for O'Melveny & Myers, a large California law firm for seven years in Los Angeles before joining Parr Waddoups in 1981. Prior to that, he served as a law clerk for Hon. J. Clifford Wallace, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, from 1973 - 1974.
Prior to his appointment, Judge Waddoups, who is admitted to practice in California and before all state and federal courts in Utah, was a registered lobbyist in the State of Utah, an active member of the Utah Supreme Court Advisory Committee on the Rules of Evidence, and past President of the A. Sherman Christensen American Inn of Court.
Judicial career.
Judge Waddoups has been the presiding judge in over 600 cases since his confirmation in 2008, involving contract, real property, torts, civil rights, labor, bankruptcy, intellectual property, social security, and more.
Notable rulings and selected opinions.
"Kody Brown, et al. v. Gary Herbert, Governor of Utah, et al.".
On July 13, 2011, Kody Brown and family, from the TLC reality television show Sister Wives, filed a complaint in the United States 10th District Court, District of Utah, to challenge Utah's polygamy laws. Jonathan Turley of George Washington University represented the plaintiffs in the case. The plaintiffs were found to have legal standing, though no charges have been filed against them. On December 13, 2013, approximately eleven months after he heard oral arguments in the case, Judge Waddoups rendered a 91 page decision striking down the cohabitation clause of Utah's polygamy statute as unconstitutional.
HB 497.
Judge Waddoups recently blocked an immigration law signed by Gov. Gary Herbert in March 2011 that would require police to check citizenship status upon arrest. According to ABC News, Waddoups "issued his ruling in Salt Lake City just 14 hours after the law went into effect, saying that there is sufficient evidence that at least some portions of the Utah legislation will be found unconstitutional.
"United States v. John and Susan Ross".
In December of 2009, Judge Waddoups sentenced two Davis School District employees, John and Susan Ross, for money laundering and fraud. The couple pleaded guilty and received 36 months probation, 3,000 hours of community service, $10,000 in fines, and $350,000 in restitution. Waddoups issued no jail time, against the prosecutors request, causing some to ask whether the judge was "going easy" on white-collar crimes.
"United States v. Claud R. Koerber".
Judge Waddoups is also currently presiding over the Rick Koerber case, in which Koerber is accused of running an investment scam, or Ponzi Scheme, involving over $100 million. In 2009, Koerber was initially charged with three counts—mail fraud, wire fraud and tax evasion. The first indictment was eliminated because of a document that could not be used in court.
In September 2011, a federal grand jury returned a second indictment, charging Koerber with six counts of fraud, 10 counts of wire fraud, two counts of money laundering, and two counts of tax evasion. 
According to the Press Statement, released on September 29, 2011, by the U.S. Attorney's Office:
"There are no substantive changes in the superseding indictment. Changes were made to the section of the indictment describing the scheme and artifice to defraud. In addition, Count 1 of the previous indictment was eliminated following a ruling by U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups that documents which formed the basis of Count 1 were protected by the attorney-client privilege."

</doc>
<doc id="20078136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078136" title="Online lecture">
Online lecture

An online lecture is an educational lecture designed to be posted online. Lectures are recorded to video, audio or both, then uploaded and made viewable on a designated site. Students may go to a certain designated site to view the lecture online at a time which is convenient for them. 
Traditionally, vocal education is possible only when the teacher and the pupil are together in the same room, where the teacher passes on the information in the same vicinity of the student. Online lectures are now possible with the advent of video communications. The development of the online lecture makes it possible so that the teacher and student no longer have to be in the same vicinity to teach and learn, respectively. 
There are certain advantages to online lecturing. Students may access online lectures posted on their designated websites anywhere in the world, at any time they wish, as long as they have an internet connection. They can also be repeated for the sake of note taking. There are disadvantages to online lecturing, namely the lack of face to face interaction, and the fact that students cannot easily contact their instructors unless a communications link is created.

</doc>
<doc id="20078143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078143" title="Harry Kloor">
Harry Kloor

Harry 'Doc' Kloor Ph.D Ph.D is, as of 1994, the only person to earn two PhDs simultaneously in any discipline. He holds PhDs in Physics and in Chemistry.
Background.
Dr. Kloor is the CEO of Loarz Inc and CEO of Jupiter 9 Productions. Dr. Kloor is also one of the founders of Rocket Racing League, and served on the founding team for Singularity University, where he still serves as a media advisor. Kloor taught at the first summer session of Singularity University in 2009. He was also the chief science advisor for the X Prize Organization, advising X Prize Chairman and CEO Dr. Peter H. Diamandis on science and technology issues. In 2011, Dr. Kloor was selected and served as one of the chairs for DARPA's 100 Year Starship study. 
He is a writer, scientist, educator, researcher, inventor, story editor and producer, National Technology Policy Advisor, and a Chief Technology Officer with over 25 years experience in science & technology consulting, and commercial and military product development. In his position of chief science consultant for Universal Consultants, a company he also co-founded, he has provided classified work for various think tanks, and Energy companies, and has also provided extensive guidance to clients in the development of new technological products, patents, and policy positions. These clients include NASA, the National Security Agency, the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, Rocket Plane, the US Senate, American Medical Association, Jet Propulsion Laboratories, Heavy Mental Interactive, Mousetrap Solutions, RealPlayer, and Next Computers. Both his PhDs were earned at Purdue University - West Lafayette.
Film.
Kloor is also a credited writer, director and producer. Since his graduation from Purdue University, he has written for ' and was the story editor for Gene Roddenberry's, ', a series he co-created/developed. Kloor has received Federal grants to develop some of his work with the entertainment industry, creating TV/film projects with NASA and ICE (Immigration Customs Enforcement Agency).

</doc>
<doc id="20078153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078153" title="Manitoba Provincial Road 266">
Manitoba Provincial Road 266

Provincial Road 266 (PR 266), is a provincial road in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Route description.
Provincial Road 266 starts on the east side of the village of Bowsman at PTH 10 and close to PR 279. The route leads to Birch River. It is an alternative route to PTH 10. The first part of the road near Bowsman follows along the Woody River, then it travels straight north. In Birch River it joins up with PR 268, about a mile from PTH 10. It is almost entirely a gravel road, except for the paved sections within Bowsman and Birch River.

</doc>
<doc id="20078196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078196" title="Rheophyte">
Rheophyte

A rheophyte is an aquatic plant that lives in fast moving water currents in an environment where few other organisms can survive. Rheophytes tend to be found in currents that move at rates of 1 to 2 meters per second and that are up to 3 to 6 feet deep. The amount of force such fast moving currents produce and the damaging debris brought along with it makes the environment so inhospitable. Rheophytes are able to live in such environments because their leaves are streamlined so as put up little resistance to the flow of water. The leaves tend to be quite narrow and flexible as well. In order to prevent the plants from being uprooted, Rheophytes have an extremely strong wide spreading root systems. 
Many Rheophytes live in areas that sustain flash floods and they are dependent on the oxygenated water and buoyancy brought along with it. Simply being an aquatic plant with narrow leaves is not a sufficient condition for being a Rheophyte. Also, plants that grow in slow moving water that occasionally receive fast currents isn't a Rheophyte either if it doesn't need these fast currents to survive. Plants that fall into this category is known as facultative rheophytes. When low water levels occur Rheophytes often quickly begin to flower to take advantage of these occurrences.

</doc>
<doc id="20078197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078197" title="Oleg Oshenkov">
Oleg Oshenkov

Oleg Aleksandrovich Oshenkov (, "Oleh Oleksandrovych Oshenkov"; born 27 May 1911 in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire – died 1976 in Kiev, Soviet Union) was a Soviet football (soccer) player and coach. Merited Master of Sports of USSR (1953)
Born in the Russian capital, Saint Petersburg, Oshenkov spent all of his playing career in the city, while most of it playing for Dynamo Leningrad. As coach and manager, he worked with several clubs, including Dynamo Kyiv and Shakhtar.
From 1971 through 1975 he chaired the Football Federation of Ukrainian SSR.

</doc>
<doc id="20078226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078226" title="Astragon">
Astragon

Astragon Software GmbH is a publisher of video games and computer software based in Mönchengladbach, Germany.
They were originally headquartered in Hagen but moved to Mönchengladbach in 2004. Astragon specialises in publishing simulation games for the PC system, but in 2008 they moved into other areas, when they published "" for the Nintendo DS.
They have also released several English language games under their Just Play It! label, including and . Astragon also publish games by Big Fish Games and iWin in the German language market.
Computer software.
Astragon also publishes computer software. They have published archiving software, educational CDs, multimedia tools and some design programs.
Games.
Forthcoming
Selected games

</doc>
<doc id="20078231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078231" title="2005 Bavarian Cup">
2005 Bavarian Cup

The 2005 Bavarian Cup was the eighth edition of this competition, organised by the Bavarian Football Association ("BFV"), which was started in 1998. It ended with the Jahn Regensburg winning the competition. Together with the finalist, FC Ingolstadt 04, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2005-06.
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2006 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2004-05.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2005-06.
The two clubs, Jahn Regensburg and FC Ingolstadt 04, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2005-06 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20078233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078233" title="Alto Gállego">
Alto Gállego

Alto Gállego (Aragonese: "Alto Galligo") is a comarca located in the north of the autonomous community of Aragón, Spain. It occupies practically the entirety of the upper basin of the Río Gállego.
Historically the comarca was a part of the area known as Jacetania, the original nucleus of the old county of Aragón. The historical territories integrated into that area were the Tena Valley, the lands surrounding Biescas, and the Serrablo.
Today, Alto Gállego borders with the comarca of Jacetania to the West, the Sobrarbe to the East, the Hoya de Huesca, France to the North.

</doc>
<doc id="20078296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078296" title="HP Pavilion dv4">
HP Pavilion dv4

The HP Pavilion dv4 is a model series of laptop/mobile computers manufactured by Hewlett-Packard Company that features a 14.1" diagonal display. The HP Pavilion dv5 features a 15.4" and the HP Pavilion dv7 a 17" display.
Weight And Dimensions.
Note: Weight varies by configuration
Customizable Features.
The following are customizable features only available in the United States (HP CTO Notebooks). Information retrieved on the HP store website, November 2008.
Hp pavilion dv4 battery http://www.power-battery.com.au/hp/hp-pavilion-dv4-battery.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20078299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078299" title="List of Astragon games">
List of Astragon games


</doc>
<doc id="20078365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078365" title="Centennial Park, Ngaruawahia">
Centennial Park, Ngaruawahia

Centennial Park is a football (soccer) venue located in Ngaruawahia, New Zealand. It serves as the home ground for Ngaruawahia United, and has been the home venue for ASB Premiership side Waikato FC in past seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20078392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078392" title="Annales Compostellani">
Annales Compostellani

The Annales Compostellani ("Anales compostelanos") or Anales castellanos terceros are a set of Latin annals found in, and named after, Santiago de Compostela. They were found in the manuscript known as the "Tumbo negro" (or "colorado") "de Santiago de Compostela" (also "Codex Compostellanus" or "Códice compostelano"), but they were originally redacted in the Rioja. They are grouped with the "Chronicon Ambrosianum" and the "Chronicon Burgense" as the "Efemérides riojanas". They cover the history of the County and Kingdom of Castile and the Kingdom of Navarre until the reconquest of Seville in 1248. 

</doc>
<doc id="20078393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078393" title="Ariopsis">
Ariopsis

Ariopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. There are only two species of plants in the genus namely "Ariopsis peltata" and "Ariopsis protanthera". Both species are found in the understories of tropical forests, but they both live in different areas. "Ariopsis peltata" is found in the Western Ghats, Sikkim, and Assam whereas "Ariopsis protanthera" is found Myanmar and Bhutan. "Ariopsis" has heart shaped leaves and are tuberous plants. The spadix is cylindrical and has cavities into which the pollen falls into.

</doc>
<doc id="20078480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078480" title="Razzmatazz (TV series)">
Razzmatazz (TV series)

Razzmatazz is an Indian dance reality show and competition that was broadcast on Zee TV channel all over the world. The series premiered in 2001, and aired every Sunday at 10pm IST. It has a similar premise to the "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa" series of singing competitions, with nationwide auditions leading to the discovery of the next big star. The show was hosted by popular Bollywood comedian Arshad Warsi & television actress Shweta Menon. A mixture of contestants are chosen for the show, ranging from unknown street dancers to winners of national championships. All contestants have to work their way through a rigorous audition process, and, over the course of the show, are assigned different dance styles and partners each week to test their versatility.
Show Format.
The contestants' are divided into two separate groups, where the contestants' from each of the group perform their dancing skills to obtain points.

</doc>
<doc id="20078506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078506" title="Bull of Osuna">
Bull of Osuna

The Bull of Osuna is a limestone high relief Iberian sculpture, 82 cm high, dated from the end of the 5th century BCE, that is on display at the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid.
It was found in the archeological site of the ancient Iberian city of Urso (Osuna) in Seville, Spain. The bull is ashlar and was carved, (probably in a Turdetani workshop), as a funeral monument. It is believed to have had some protective function. 

</doc>
<doc id="20078535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078535" title="HP Pavilion dv5">
HP Pavilion dv5

The HP Pavilion dv5 was a model series of laptop/mobile computers manufactured by Hewlett-Packard Company that features a 15.4" diagonal display. The HP Pavilion dv4 features a 14.1" and the HP Pavilion dv7 a 17" display. The dv5 series has been discontinued, being partially replaced by the dv6 (16") series, and released again as a 14.5" model in 2010.
Weight And Dimensions.
Note: Weight varies by configuration
Customizable Features.
The following are customizable features only available in the United States (HP CTO Notebooks). Information retrieved on the HP store website, November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20078555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078555" title="Suburban Trib">
Suburban Trib

The Suburban Trib was a three-day-a-week newspaper, albeit with its own staff and policies, inserted into suburban issues of the "Chicago Tribune". The "Suburban Trib" operated from 1967 until it was discontinued in 1985 in favor of regional editions of the "Chicago Tribune". 

</doc>
<doc id="20078573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078573" title="Manuel Pino">
Manuel Pino

Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona, who comes from a village of the Tewa people west of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Opposition to uranium mining has played a central role in Pino's life. The theme for his sociology dissertation was "The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture". He has spoken at many international conferences, including the 1992 World Uranium Hearing in Salzburg, Austria, about victims of uranium mining, depleted uranium, and associated cancer deaths. In 2008, Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20078646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078646" title="HP Pavilion dv7">
HP Pavilion dv7

The HP Pavilion dv7 was a model series of laptop/mobile Pavilion branded computers manufactured by Hewlett-Packard from 2008 that featured a 17.3" diagonal display. The HP Pavilion dv4 featured a 14.1" and the HP Pavilion dv5 a 15.4" display. The DV7 had bays for two hard drives, but was supplied with one; if a second hard drive was fitted a hard drive hardware kit of bracket, connector cable, Mylar shield, and screws was required.
As of August 2012, most Pavilion laptops (namely the Pavilion M4, M6, dv6 and dv7 series) have been upgraded, rebranded and integrated into the premium HP Envy lineup with the newer Microsoft Windows 8 operating system. The Pavilion dv7 as such is therefore out of production.
Models.
dv7-1000 to dv7-1400 series.
Model produced alongside dv5 series. Display 17.0" CCFL WXGA+ (1440 × 900) or WSXGA+ (1680 × 1050).
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: Intel Core 2 Duo
Graphics: Nvidia GeForce 9300M GS, Nvidia GeForce 9650M GT.
"AMD-based notebooks:"
Processors: AMD Athlon/Turion
Graphics: ATi Mobility Radeon HD 3200 (UMA), ATi Mobility Radeon HD 3450 256 MB
dv7-2000 to dv7-2300 series.
Model produced alongside dv6 series. Display 17.3" LED HD+ (1600 × 900), BrightView or flush glass AntiGlare. New look. MediaPlay button has been removed from the capacitive board.
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: Intel Pentium Dual Core, Intel Core 2 Duo, Intel Core 2 Quad
Graphics: Intel GMA 4700MHD (UMA), ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4530 (M92) 512 MB or ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4650 (M96) 1024 MB
"AMD-based notebooks:"
Processors: AMD Athlon/Turion M300, M500 and M600 series
Graphics: ATI Radeon 4250 (UMA), ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4530 (M92) 512 MB or ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4650 (M96) 1024 MB
dv7-3000 to dv7-3300 series.
Identical to the dv7-2000. In addition, was introduced a models with an Intel i7 processors and discrete graphics NVidia GeForce G 105M 512 MB and NVidia GeForce GT 230M 1024 MB. 
dv7-4000 to dv7-4300 series.
Model produced alongside dv6-3000 series. A completely new look.
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: I-generation Intel Core i3, i5, i7 and Intel Pentium
Graphics: Intel HD Graphics (UMA), switchable ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5650 1024 MB or ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5470 512 MB
"AMD-based notebooks:"
Processors: AMD Athlon/Turion N300, P300, N500 and N600 series
Graphics: ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4250 (UMA), switchable ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5470 512 MB, ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5650 1024 MB, ATI Mobility Radeon HD 6370 512 MB, ATI Mobility Radeon HD 6550 1024 MB
dv7-5000 series.
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: II-generation Intel Core i7 Quad
Graphics: Intel HD Graphics (UMA), switchable ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5650 1024 MB or ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5470 512 MB
dv7-6000 to dv7-6100 series.
Display 17.3" LED HD+ (1600x900) BrightView or FullHD (1920×1080) AntiGlare. New look. Touchpad with mechanical switch. Quad speakers and subwoofer. eSATA combo port was removed. 
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: II-generation Intel Core i3, i5, i7 and Intel Pentium.
Graphics: Intel HD Graphics (internal), switchable ATI Radeon HD 6490M 1 GB, ATI Radeon HD 6770M, ATI Radeon HD 6770M 2 GB
"AMD-based notebooks:"
Processors: AMD E2, A4, A6, A8, AMD Athlon/Turion/Phenom II
Graphics: ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4250 128 MB (UMA) for AMD Athlon/Turion/Phenom processors, AMD Radeon HD 6480G (internal) with AMD A4 processors, AMD Radeon HD 6520G (internal) with AMD A6 processors, AMD Radeon HD 6620G (internal) with AMD A8 processors. Switchable graphics: AMD Radeon HD 6755G2, AMD RadeonT HD 6645G2, AMD RadeonT HD 6545G2, AMD RadeonT HD 6515G2, AMD Radeon HD 6650M
dv7-7000 and dv7-7100 series.
Some design changes. Quad speakers (two in the lid) and subwoofer. Supports III-generation Intel Core processors and mSATA SSD drive. Now supports two USB 3.0 ports. Second headphone jack was removed.
"Intel-based notebooks:"
Processors: III-generation Intel Core i3, i5, i7.
Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 3000 or HD Graphics 4000 (internal). Switchable graphics: Nvidia Geforce 630M 1 GB, Nvidia Geforce 630M 2 GB, Nvidia Geforce 650M 2 GB.
"AMD-based notebooks:"
Processors: AMD A6, A8, A10
Graphics: AMD Radeon HD 7670M 1 GB, AMD Radeon HD 7670M 2 GB, AMD Radeon HD 7730M 2 GB. Switchable graphics: AMD Radeon HD 7670M and HD7520G (AMD A6), AMD Radeon HD 7670M and HD7640G (AMD A8), AMD Radeon HD 7670M and HD7660G (AMD A10)
ENVY dv7-7200 and dv7-7300.
The Pavilion brand was renamed to the brand ENVY. Laptops are sold with Microsoft Windows 8 operating system. For this reason, changed the motherboard. Added some new CPUs. Other specifications are the same as the DV7-7000 series notebooks.
Weight And Dimensions.
Note: Weight varies by configuration
Customizable Features.
The following are customizable features only available in the United States (HP CTO Notebooks). Information retrieved on the HP store website, November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20078694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078694" title="Korea Occupational Safety and Health Agency">
Korea Occupational Safety and Health Agency

Korea Occupational Safety & Health Agency is a body in Korea, which serves to protect the health and safety of Korean workers.
The advent of KOSHA.
It was late 1980s that KOSHA (Korea Occupational Safety & Health Agency) Law was released to the public. After the KOSHA Act was released in 1986, the labor department of Korea, which is the competent organization of KOSHA, moved to the next step that set up the plan for establishing KOSHA and inaugurated the institution committee for KOSHA in 1987. Since then, KOSHA has been taking responsibility for the important role in occupational safety and health in the workplace.
It had been a long time for people to look forward to working at the workplace without getting involved in occupational accidents or diseases. It was one of the fastest changing periods for Koreans who lived in during the industrial revolution of Korea. Before moving to the history of KOSHA, we need to examine the environmental and societal circumstances that lead to its development.
Korea experienced significant economic growth, the so-called "the miracle of Han river", during a five-year-long Economic Development Plan beginning in 1962. It resulted from two societal factors, the movement of population from rural to urban environments and the change of major industry. According to the statistic of Koreans agricultural department, the majority of Korean made a living engaging in farming and over 80% of people in Korea belonged to the rural community at that time. In particular, the rice culture that has been the most important crop in Korea since the Lee Dynasty, it required significant physical labor, but the gains from that were in vain, compared to the time and labor that farmers spent on doing that. Also, the Korean government tried to improve the quality of life in an agricultural village, but people who knew a vicious circle of farming were driven into cities which needed less expensive labor. At the very beginning of industrial boom, most small-medium factories and industries could take-off to increase in light of size and quality through using these affluent labor powers.
Thus, as industrial facilities became larger and the process became varied, the rate of exposure to the dangerous materials were increased, numerous occupational disasters and diseases broke out and started to affect on the health of workers, both directly and indirectly. Since the statistics of occupational disaster were begun during July, 1964, taking the industrial accidents compensation insurance effect, over two million of workers were involved in occupational accidents. Among them, over 20,000 workers died, the remained became the disabled and the economic loss reached the amount of 6,000 million dollars (KOSHA 20th annual report).
Likewise, as occupational disasters became a bigger issue in the view of society and economics, the Korean government established and released the Occupational and Safety Law in 1981. But that was not enough to stop the growth of the rate of occupational disasters. Even the casualties of industrial accidents continued to increase because of the shortage of the experts and because owners of industries lacked interest. Hence, there were few effective ways to prevent those accidents. Accordingly, the government recognized the seriousness of the incident's harm and searched for a solution by establishing a professional organization for preventing occupational disaster.
Also, there has been pressure from labor unions and from society. Until that time, Korea had been ruled by presidents from army circles since President Park was inaugurated by a military coup in 1961. They did not allow workers to establish trade unions or ask for the enactment of the Labor Union Act, although there were, in name only, Labor Acts such as the Labor Standard Act, the Mediation Act in labor trouble. These were used for the benefit of owners. When seen from the political view, there were a significant number of demonstrations for democracy in Korea. The different point is that workers, including white collar workers, and the general public joined the request. Demonstrations were usually college students' before 1986. Especially, workers called upon substantial laws to reinforce owners who pursued the profit, but were not interested in employees' basic rights. Consequently, the Korean government stepped forward to establish a professional organization intended to protect the basic rights of workers at worksites.
KOSHA's goals involve promoting the safety and health of workers, encouraging efficient business to prevent industrial accidents, and to motivate business proprietors into joining them, contributing to the improvement of economic development. The meanings of the establishment can be summarized as follows.
Likewise, KOSHA was established having a significant mission to protect the precious life, physical safety, and health of workers. Also, KOSHA uplifted the quality of life while growing into a professional organization.
The office organization and staff of KOSHA.
At the beginning of the institution, there was one headquarter, two branch offices, and one education center. It had 368 employees including, one president and three trustees. KOSHA has reorganized twenty-one times to provide the best service for workers and to deal with the ever-changing society and occupational safety policy of government. The contents of important reforms are as follows.
Likewise, KOSHA has changed a lot with respect to office and staff organization to adapt to the new environment that the entire world entered into the age of unlimited competition represented as the age of information and globalization.
Basic businesses.
From the beginning, KOSHA played a significant role preventing occupational hazards, accidents, and diseases from worksites. Speaking of the businesses, first we cannot help but talk about the development and spread of prevention technologies, support to educate workers visiting worksites, as well as, analysis and inspection of facilities that are likely to bring the danger or harmfulness, since KOSHA was released.
KOSHA focused on activities such as safety diagnoses, guiding new technologies, and education for workers concerned with safety and health that workers and workplaces were asking for in the beginning. It took two years for KOSHA to develop and spread the systematic ways such as visiting worksites and analyzing causes or doing epidemiology research to find the cause of industrial accidents.
It was in 1995 that KOSHA was absorbed in trying to reduce the rate of occupational accidents because the campaign for safety culture at workplaces was widespread all over the country. Therefore, KOSHA started to take an action that put aside the some amount of money to prevent those accidents in small and medium businesses that were blamed for occupying the 73.5% of total occupational disasters. Also, the rate of industrial accidents was plunged under 1% that is the sign of getting into the developed country.

</doc>
<doc id="20078698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078698" title="Impulse facility">
Impulse facility

A testing facility that relies on rapid release of stored energy to generate a short period of high enthalpy test conditions for testing of aerodynamic flow, aerodynamic heating and atmospheric reentry, combustion, chemical kinetics, ballistics, and other effects. The rapid release of energy can result in very high instantaneous energy release rates even though the total energy released is modest. This effect also produces short test times, however, with some types of tests in these facilities lasting less than 100 microseconds. Impulse facilities are a special case of blow down facilities where an energy storage mechanism is charged over a period of time and then released to initiate a test and must be charged again before the next test. This contrasts with continuous facilities such as wind tunnels that may run continuously. Examples of impulse facilities are the shock tube, the shock tunnel, the expansion tube, the expansion tunnel, and the Ludwieg tube.

</doc>
<doc id="20078709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078709" title="Presidential transition of Barack Obama">
Presidential transition of Barack Obama

The presidential transition of Barack Obama began when he won the United States presidential election on November 4, 2008, and became the President-Elect. He was formally elected by the Electoral College on December 15, 2008. The results were certified by a joint session of Congress on January 8, 2009, and the transition ended when he was inaugurated at noon on January 20, 2009.
Organization of the transition.
The Obama transition organization was called the Obama-Biden Transition Project. The transition team was convened during the height of the campaign, well before the outcome could be known, to begin making preparations for a potential administration. It was co-chaired by John Podesta, who was Bill Clinton's fourth and last White House Chief of Staff and the president/chief executive officer of the Center for American Progress, Valerie Jarrett, who is one of Obama's longest-serving advisers, and Pete Rouse, former Senate chief of staff for Tom Daschle who succeeded Rahm Emanuel as Obama's chief of staff.
On November 5, the General Services Administration declared that Obama was the "apparent winner", making him eligible to receive transition funding and other government services, and granting him access to their 2008 Presidential Transition Headquarters in Washington, D.C. Podesta estimated that the transition would employ approximately 450 people and have a budget of about $12 million: $5.2 million would be paid by the federal government and the remaining $6.8 million would be funded by private sources, with each contribution limited to $5,000. The transition project would not accept money from political action committees or federal lobbyists.
Transition team.
On November 5, Obama announced his complete transition team, which was organized as a nonprofit tax-exempt organization under U.S. federal tax code 501(c)(4). The advisory board consisted of Carol Browner, William M. Daley, Christopher Edley, Michael Froman, Julius Genachowski, Donald Gips, Janet Napolitano, Federico Peña, Susan Rice, Sonal Shah, Mark Gitenstein and Ted Kaufman.
Members of the transition team's senior staff included:
Joshua Gotbaum and Michael Warren headed the transition of the Treasury Department. In addition, Thomas Donilon and Wendy Sherman oversaw the transition of the State Department. Seth D. Harris oversaw the transition in all of the labor, education, and transportation agencies with Edward Montgomery leading the Labor Department agency review team, Mortimer Downey leading the Transportation Department agency review team, and Judith Sherman leading the Education Department agency review team. Finally, John P. White and Michele Flournoy led the transition of the Defense Department.
Activities as the President-elect.
Bush administration.
In mid-October, the George W. Bush administration convened a 14-member council to coordinate with and brief the winning campaign's transition team. "The New York Times" reported that White House Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten then planned to recruit his predecessor, Andrew Card, to oversee the activity.
On November 6, Obama received his first classified intelligence briefing from Director of National Intelligence John Michael McConnell and Central Intelligence Agency Director Michael Hayden.
President Bush invited Obama to attend the 2008 G-20 Washington summit held between November 15 and 20, however Obama's transition team instead sent former Republican Rep. Jim Leach and former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright to meet with the delegations. Obama was expected to address a United Nations global warming summit in Poland in December or allow a representative such as Al Gore to present his policies.
On November 10, Obama traveled to the White House and met with President Bush to discuss transition issues while First Lady Laura Bush took his wife Michelle on a tour of the mansion. NBC News reported that Obama advanced his economic agenda with Bush, asking him to attempt to pass a stimulus package in a lame duck session of Congress before the inauguration. He also urged Bush to accelerate the disbursement of $25 billion in funds to bail out the automobile industry and expressed concern about additional Americans losing their homes as mortgage rates increase again.
The Bush administration reportedly went out of its way to make the transition as seamless as possible for the incoming administration, earning accolades from Obama staff members and outside experts alike. According to nearly all accounts, the Bush administration streamlined the process for new officials to obtain security clearances and planned training exercises for the incoming national security team, to ensure that they would be ready to face a possible crisis on the first day in office. Part of this enhanced cooperation is required by laws passed at the behest of the 9/11 Commission, while part is attributed to the difficulty that the Bush administration had with its own transition, which lasted only five weeks and was felt to have had a deleterious effect on Bush's ability to govern. "I'm not sure I've ever seen an outgoing administration work as hard at saying the right thing", said Stephen Hess of the Brookings Institution. "This is really quite memorable."
Resignation from Senate offices.
At the time of their election, President-elect Obama and Vice President-elect Joseph Biden were incumbent U.S. Senators from Illinois and Delaware respectively. In accordance with Article I, Section 6 of the United States Constitution, both were required to resign their respective Senate seats on or before January 20, 2009, in order to become President and Vice President.
Obama Senate transition.
Obama resigned from the Senate effective November 16, 2008. Initially, it was thought that his replacement would be named by Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. Since the term for the seat expires in January 2011, it would come up for its normal election in 2010 with no special election necessary. Blagojevich was expected to name Obama's immediate successor in the Senate by January 3, 2009. However, on December 9, 2008, the status of Obama's succession in the Senate was cast in doubt after Blagojevich was arrested on federal corruption charges, which included allegedly attempting to sell the appointment. Although placed in federal custody and released on $4,500 bail, as long as he remained governor Blagojevich continued to have sole authority to make the appointment. Several Democrats, including Sen. Dick Durbin, asked the Illinois General Assembly to schedule a special election instead. Blagojevich appointed Roland Burris to fill Obama's vacated seat.
Speaking through a surrogate, Obama called for Blagojevich's resignation on December 10. Had Blagojevich resigned or been removed from office before making the appointment, the duty would have fallen to Illinois Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn, who would succeed Blagojevich as governor. However, Illinois Senate president Emil Jones said that he would call the Senate back into session to write a law that would result in Obama's replacement being determined in a special election.
However, after the state legislature did not pass a law mandating a special election for the seat, on December 30, Blagojevich announced that he was appointing Roland Burris, a former Illinois Attorney General, Illinois Comptroller, and U.S. Treasury Department official, to the seat, citing his constitutional duty in the absence of a law requiring a special election.
Blagojevich, Burris, and Representative Bobby Rush urged the public to consider the qualifications of Burris as a public servant and not the scandals in which Blagojevich was embroiled.
However, the Senate Democrats released a statement in which they reaffirmed that they would refuse to seat anyone appointed to the seat by Blagojevich, as that individual would be an ineffective representative of Illinois because of "questions of impropriety."
Some members of the Congressional Black Caucus, including Rush, expressed their support for seating Burris, who would be the only African-American in the Senate; Rush compared a Senate rejection of Burris to a lynching.
However, President-elect Obama released a statement condemning the appointment and again calling on Blagojevich to resign.
In addition, the Illinois Secretary of State, Jesse White, reiterated that he would not certify any appointment made by Blagojevich, although at the time it was not clear whether this could prevent Burris from taking office. Furthermore, the Senate might not actually have been able to refuse to seat Burris, as he met all constitutional requirements for the office and was not involved in the Blagojevich corruption scandal (per the U.S. Supreme Court decision Powell v. McCormack).
On January 9, 2009, the Illinois Supreme Court ruled in the case "Burris v. White" that the appointment only required the signature of the governor to be valid, and not that of the Illinois Secretary of State, and that the state of Illinois is not required to use the Senate's recommended certification form, as it is only "recommended" under the Standing Rules of the United States Senate. The Court further remarked that "no explanation has been given as to how any rule of the Senate, whether it be formal or merely a matter of tradition, could supersede the authority to fill vacancies conferred on the states by the federal constitution". Following the ruling, White provided Burris with a certified copy of the appointment's registration, and Burris delivered that copy, that bears the State Seal, to the Secretary of the Senate. His credentials declared valid, Burris was finally sworn in on January 15, 2009, by outgoing President of the Senate Dick Cheney.
Biden Senate transition.
Biden had indicated that he would remain in the Senate until he was sworn in as Vice President on January 20, 2009. Although he was sworn in for a seventh Senate term in early January 2009, he resigned from the seat on January 15, 2009, having served just over 36 years in the body.
On November 24, 2008, Delaware Gov. Ruth Ann Minner announced that Ted Kaufman would serve as Biden's appointed replacement. Kaufman was sworn in on January 16, 2009. A special election was held in November 2010, which elected Democratic candidate Chris Coons.
During his abbreviated final term in the Senate, Biden went on a diplomatic fact-finding trip to Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, becoming the first Vice-President-elect to undertake such a mission before entering office.
Change.gov website.
On November 5, 2008, the transition team launched change.gov, the official website of the transition.
The website included a blog and jobs page. It also had a section that allowed visitors to share stories or their visions for the country. Visitors were able to comment on issues important to them using the Citizen's Briefing Book. Individuals applying for work within the Obama administration via this site were required to go through intensive consumer and criminal background checks performed by the ChoicePoint Corporation. The website used a Creative Commons license.
As part of their efforts towards transparency, on December 5 the transition team announced that "all policy documents from official meetings with outside organizations will be publicly available for review and discussion on Change.gov." After the inauguration, many of the functions of change.gov were transferred to a redesigned White House website.
Administration appointments.
Thirty-one of the appointments to the transition team had previously worked in the Clinton administration, including Podesta, Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, and Biden's Chief of Staff Ron Klain.
Announcements.
Obama held near-daily press conferences as President-elect to announce his administration nominees to the public. He introduced the nominees and occasionally took questions from the press regarding issues such as economic difficulties and the War in Afghanistan.
The appointments of Lawrence Summers and Timothy F. Geithner to key economic positions were criticized, on grounds that they had been prominently involved in creating many of the conditions that led to the Financial crisis of 2007–2008, so "failure is being rewarded". Summers was a leading advocate of the derivatives deregulation, together with Alan Greenspan and Robert Rubin, and during his transition to Secretary of the Treasury, the act that kept commercial banks out of Wall street, the Glass–Steagall Act, was repealed. Geithner instead was criticized for his failure to pay $34,000 in income taxes.
Eric Holder appointment for Attorney General raised concerns, due to his role in the last-minute pardon issued by Bill Clinton for fugitive financier Marc Rich.
During his first press conference as President-elect, on November 7, Obama remarked about former first lady Nancy Reagan holding seances in the White House, which gained widespread attention. Termed his "first gaffe," Obama called Mrs. Reagan later that evening to apologize for what his spokesperson said was a "careless and off-handed remark."
Cabinet and top advisors.
There was one withdrawal, New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, whom Obama had named Secretary of Commerce. Richardson's administration is currently the subject of a federal corruption probe; while maintaining that his administration was responsible for no wrongdoing, he withdrew so as to prevent a lengthy confirmation process from hindering the work of the U.S. Department of Commerce. The position was filled by Gary Locke.
Obama named Tim Kaine as new chairman of the Democratic National Committee, replacing Howard Dean who has clashed with Obama and his advisors in the past. Kaine will serve concurrently as Governor of Virginia until his term ends in January 2010.
Obama named Aneesh Chopra for the new position of Chief Technology Officer of the United States, Vivek Kundra as Chief Information Officer and Jeffrey Zients Chief Performance Officer and deputy director for management of the Office of Management and Budget
Initial reaction to Obama's choice of Leon Panetta as CIA director was mixed, with some intelligence professionals expressing concern that Panetta lacked specific intelligence experience, and others such as former Congressman and co-chair of the Iraq Study Group Lee H. Hamilton praising the choice.
Emerging agenda.
Obama's developing presidential agenda was divided into domestic and foreign policy issues. In most cases, this agenda involved addressing crises already underway. His principal strategic decisions concerned how quickly to move bills through Congress. Some of his advisors suggested moving quickly, as Franklin D. Roosevelt did in 1933, under the belief that a more moderate approach would waste valuable time early in his presidency, when his political capital will be strongest. Others suggested moving more slowly, as Bill Clinton did before his attempt to enact a national healthcare program, based on the notion that rapid change could quickly wear down any bipartisan consensus. He was expected, in any case, to issue a series of executive orders within days of his inauguration, including a reversal of Bush-era executive orders restricting funding to family planning (including abortion) services and stem-cell research. There was also a possibility that new cabinet level advisory post would be created overseeing the Department of Energy, Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency.
According to Podesta, the transition team planned to conduct an exhaustive review of Bush's executive orders in an effort to find quick changes that could be implemented on the first day in office. Podesta also says that there is a great deal that can be accomplished without waiting for Congress to act and that Obama wanted to move quickly once in office to restore "a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good."
Economic agenda.
The economic agenda under development initially focused on short-term measures intended to hold off widespread economic losses so that a longer-term economic agenda could then be formulated. That approach subsequently shifted to a longer-term stimulus plan, with a goal of creating 2.5 million jobs over a two-year period. With a cost of $700 to $800 billion, the stimulus plan would cost more than a quarter million dollars per job created (divide 750 billion by 2,500,000 yielding $300,000). In a nationally televised interview on December 7, he acknowledged that his agenda has changed over the past month, and that a short-term stimulus package had again become his first priority. He wanted to emphasize "shovel ready" infrastructure projects to create new jobs quickly. Barack Obama said he hoped to sign the stimulus package into law soon after taking office on January 20.
Obama's most immediate concern was an economic stimulus proposal that some Congressional Democrats had advocated. Like previous stimulus packages, that proposal was demand-side (Keynesian) in nature. It would likely consist of increased funding for unemployment benefits, the Food Stamp Program, and infrastructure projects, rather than tax rebates. In fact, Obama claimed to be planning "the largest infrastructure program in roads and bridges and other traditional infrastructure since the building of the Interstate Highway System in the 1950s." However, he also emphasized his plans to "green" the federal government by updating heating and lighting systems in federal buildings, as well as significant investment in technology initiatives such as mandatory electronic medical records, improved computers in schools, and universal availability of broadband Internet access.
Additional funding for Medicaid was also being considered. A similar stimulus bill was passed by the House of Representatives on September 26, 2008, but never approved by the Senate. Obama promised to promote a stimulus bill early in his presidency if one was not passed before his inauguration on January 20, 2009.
In addition, Obama considered the request of the U.S. automotive industry for a cash infusion of $50 billion in addition to the $25 billion that had already been approved, but emphasizing that his support is "conditioned on them making significant adjustments."
Obama also planned to push for a program to spend $150 billion over 10 years to develop new renewable energy sources. This money would also be used to encourage energy conservation and help the auto industry develop fuel-efficient vehicles. However, Mother Jones reported that the Windfall Profits Tax on oil companies, which he frequently cited during the campaign, had been dropped from the agenda early in the transition.
According to the transition's website, Obama also hoped to rekindle volunteerism by expanding AmeriCorps and the Peace Corps and also creating a new Classroom Corps. Other volunteer efforts reportedly include a Health Corps, Clean Energy Corps, and Veterans Corps. Middle and high school students would be asked to do 50 hours of community service work a year. College students would be eligible for $4,000 in tuition tax credits in exchange for community service work. Improved volunteerism programs aimed at senior citizens were projected, as well as augmented Youth Build and Head Start programs.
Agenda on healthcare.
On December 5, Tom Daschle, who was designated to lead Obama's efforts for health care reform, announced a month-long campaign to solicit public input on the shape of that reform. People were encouraged to hold community meetings to discuss the issue, and to post their thoughts on www.change.gov, where over 10,000 comments had already been posted. Although Democratic leaders had met in private for several months to prepare a legislative package for unveiling in January, Daschle was anxious to avoid the appearance that the transition was working behind closed doors to create a sweeping agenda for change.
This technique, developed by grass roots organizations like MoveOn.org, was designed to reinforce the notion that Obama intended to aggressively pursue his health care reform agenda despite the worsening economy. "President-elect Obama has made health reform one of his top priorities, and I'm here to tell you that his commitment to changing the healthcare system remains strong and focused", said Daschle.
During a news conference on December 11, 2008, Obama linked health care reform to the upcoming economic stimulus package, noting that "It's not something that we can sort of put off because we're in an emergency." "This is part of the emergency." He expected the stimulus legislation to include a $40 billion increase in Medicaid spending over two years, plus a massive investment in health information management technology. Consideration was also being given to funding for retraining medical workers, expansion of the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP), and expansion of the COBRA provisions, which allow unemployed workers to purchase health insurance through their previous employer's plan.
Foreign policy agenda.
One of the principal foreign policy issues that Obama ran on during the presidential campaign concerned his promise to withdraw most American troops from the Iraq War within sixteen months of his inauguration.
Another issue concerned the three areas of foreign policy that President Bush had been focusing on during the final months of his term: Iran's nuclear development, North Korea's nuclear arsenal, and the Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. In all three cases, a diplomatic structure had already been established, although some of the Bush Administration's goals might differ from those Obama would adopt as president.
In the Middle East, Bush began a new approach to the peace process, the so-called Annapolis process, which attempts to encourage Israeli and Palestinian leaders to agree on the outlines of a peace accord. Although both sides cite some success in these discussions, critics believe the talks have unduly ignored Hamas, which has been labeled as a terrorist organization, despite the fact that it holds an enormous amount of political power in the region.
Obama had not specified what his approach would be, although it was considered likely that he would appoint a high-level Middle East envoy, in part to free his Secretary of State so that other matters can also be addressed. Hamas expressed a willingness to talk to Obama, who has said that he will reciprocate only if it renounces terrorism, recognizes Israel's right to exist, and agrees to abide by past agreements. The Hamas leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, has said the Hamas government would accept a Palestinian state that followed the Green Line and would offer Israel a long-term truce if Israel recognises the Palestinians' national rights.
During his second term, Bush pursued an agreement with North Korea to end its nuclear weapons programs. To prevent a collapse in the process, Bush agreed to remove North Korea from the State Department's list of state sponsors of terrorism, which Obama supported. Obama has criticized Bush for taking so long to engage with North Korea, and has indicated that he would be eager to engage in a more proactive diplomatic effort to reach an agreement. A senior North Korean official recently told reporters that "we are ready to deal" with the incoming Obama administration.
Obama also deliberated on how to deal with Iran. Outgoing Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had assembled a coalition of six states—the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China, and the United States—to confront Iran.
While the group won approval from the United Nations, Iran largely ignored its demands. While Obama had previously advocated carefully planned direct talks with Iran, he was now being seen as likely to build on the current coalition to broker an agreement with Iran.
In addition, Obama formulated a policy to deal with the U.S. missile defense shield that was under construction in Poland. He discussed the matter with both Polish President Lech Kaczyński and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. While his advisors were working on a missile shield policy, his position at that time was simply that one might be deployed if and when it has been "proved to be workable".
Obama also planned to revoke a series of executive orders enacted by Bush that would have the effect of overturning a practice that many critics have labeled as torture against "detainees."
This would include requiring the CIA to abide by the Army Field Manual when interrogating prisoners. Resistance was expected, however, from some in the Intelligence Community, regarding the practicality of a complete revocation of these orders. He was also hoping to close the detention camp at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba, although issues were expected to arise in such a plan because many of the detainees have been held without evidence or have been coerced in their confessions, which would not be admissible in a federal court.
A November 20, 2008, Los Angeles Times article stated, "Antiwar groups and other liberal activists are increasingly concerned at signs that Barack Obama's national security team will be dominated by appointees who favored the Iraq invasion... 'It's astonishing that not one of the 23 senators or 133 House members who voted against the war is in the mix,' said Sam Husseini of the liberal group Institute for Public Accuracy."
National defense.
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, who was retained in the Obama Administration, outlined an agenda for reform of the Department of Defense. His ideas centered on a perceived need to shift purchasing priorities away from costly high tech weapons, and toward lower cost alternatives that are more appropriate for the wars the U.S. was currently fighting, as well as those he believed might lie in the immediate future. He noted that there are limits to U.S. military power, and believed that the emphasis should be shifted away from fighting, and toward training, advising and equipping allied forces to fight.
Specific areas Gates and Obama agreed on were said to include:
Energy policy.
Obama made energy policy one of his topmost priorities in his 2008 campaign. Towards his energy goals of United States energy independence through investment in alternative energy production he has set the following objectives:
To achieve these objectives, Obama proposed the following measures
Appointees recruited by Obama with experience on energy policy included Peter Orszag, an expert on cap and trade programs, who was named as director of the Office of Management and Budget. John Podesta, transition chief, was an early advocate of Detroit's refocus on using lower carbon alternatives to gasoline.
Secret Service preparations.
The Secret Service, of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, was the lead agency for both security and logistics for the Inaugural Ceremony. Their plan was to open the event to as many spectators as possible. Security was expected to be strict, and vast portions of downtown Washington would be closed to all traffic. Initially, it was thought that up to 4 million people would descend upon the area of the National Mall, but later reports from the Secret Service suggested that the number might not be that high. Arrangements for 8000 police officers were made, however, and parking for up to 10,000 tour buses was arranged. A Metro spokesperson warned that the subway system "will be utterly overwhelmed." Camping was not permitted on the mall.
On November 13, 2008, the Secret Service announced that Obama's codename would be "Renegade". In addition, his wife's is "Renaissance" and his daughters' are "Rosebud" and "Radiance".
Residential transition.
The first family visited both Sidwell Friends School and Georgetown Day School before deciding on Sidwell. The residential transition began with the first of two interim stops at the Hay-Adams Hotel on January 4. The second interim stop was a move to Blair House on January 15, the traditional interim move date for Presidents-elect. The residential transition began earlier than for most incoming Presidents because the daughters began school at Sidwell on January 5. During the campaign, Michelle Obama had stated that the residential transition would be planned to be as unified as possible for all members of the family. Michelle's mother, Marian Robinson, made plans to move into the White House to assist with child care. In the current real estate market, the Obamas did not intend to sell their South Side Chicago home that sits on the border between the Hyde Park and Kenwood community areas.
Jenna and Barbara Bush had lots of advice for Malia and Sasha Obama. The Bush twins sent the Obama daughters an open letter that was published in "The Wall Street Journal".
In contrast to their predecessors, the Clintons, the outgoing Bush family did not take much with them as they left the White House. Among the items they left behind was their official state china service, a Lenox gilt-edged style with a green basket weave border, estimated to be worth $492,798. However, what they did not take with them can be included in the collection of the Presidential Library.
Vice President Dick Cheney was injured moving out of his residence just before the inauguration and used a wheelchair during the ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20078714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078714" title="List of Aromanian settlements">
List of Aromanian settlements

Aromanian settlements can be found across the southern Balkan peninsula. They are populated solely by or a large proportion of Aromanians. Below is a list of the settlements that were either founded by Aromanians or are inhabited by a large number or strong Aromanian populations.
List of Settlements.
Muzachia region.
The Muzachia region "(, )" is an area in western Albania which encompasses parts of the Fier, Tirana and Durrës counties. It has a large Aromanian population spread across many villages. The Aromanian inhabitants of Muzachia are referred to as "Muzachiars" or "Muzachirenji" in Aromanian.
Epirus region.
This region encompasses northwestern Greece and southern Albania.
Pindus
One of the largest population of Aromanians in the Balkans is concentrated in the Pindus Mountains in the North-West of the country and in the Southerly regions of Albania. These people are referred to as "Pindians" or "Pindenji" in Aromanian. The Aromanians have traditionally formed a majority population in this area. The Pindus Mountains was the territory roughly controlled by the Aromanian based Principality of Pindus.
The Gramos Mountains "(, , )" in the northern part of the Epirus region of the Balkan peninsula. Many Aromanian settlements are concentrated in this area which is shared by both Greece and Albania. "Gramustians" or "Yrãmushcianji" as they are referred to by Aromanians, make up a large proportion of the population there.
Macedonia region.
A large proportion of Aromanians can be found in the Macedonia (region); Albania; Greece; f.y.r.Macedonia and Bulgaria (region of Pirin Macedonia).
The City of Moscopole "(, )" was home to the largest Aromanian population in the world. It was the cultural and commercial center of the Aromanians with a population of over 60,000 people. The city was razed to the ground by Ali Pasha in 1788 causing an exodus of Aromanian people across the Balkans. Many of these ended up in what would become the Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Greece. The largest concentration of these were in the Pelister region of Macedonia, the city of Kruševo and around the Prespa Lakes. The "Moscopolitans" of the "Moscopoleanji" as they are known in Aromanian form one of the largest populations of Aromanians today. They speak the Moscopolean dialect of Aromanian and the descendants of the Moscopolean's in Krusevo "(, ) are today a fully recognised minority group under the constitutional law of the Republic of Macedonia.
Mount Vermion:
Thessalia / Mount Olympus / area.
This region is home to the most southerly population of Aromanians in the Balkans. The "Farsherots" or the "Fãrsherotii" as they are known in Aromanian make a substantial percentage of the regions inhabitants. 
Mount Olympus

</doc>
<doc id="20078731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078731" title="Blow down facility">
Blow down facility

A blow down facility is a testing facility that relies on charging an energy reservoir (often a tank of pressurized gas) and releasing the energy over a relatively short time to produce test conditions at higher energy release rates than can be maintained continuously. Impulse facilities are a special case of blow down facilities that release their energy very rapidly to create very high enthalpy conditions over very short test times. Contrasting with blow down facilities are continuous facilities that can operate at a certain conditions continuously, such as some types of wind tunnels.

</doc>
<doc id="20078734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078734" title="Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (soldier)">
Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (soldier)

Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (1811 - 16 October 1849) was a Polish soldier, who led dissenting Poles and Hungarians into battle against Austria in 1848.
His family consisted of French immigrants to Poland. Augustyn, his father, was the brother of the war minister of King Louis XVI, Charles Xavier Abancourt. Karol's younger brother, Franciszek Ksawery (1815–1892) became a publicist.
He was educated in Sambir and Przemyśl, where he decided to join the Austrian army. As a cadet he was assigned to the 30th Infantry of the Earl of Nugent. In 1837, he became involved in an attempted military coup, and was subsequently imprisoned and sentenced to death. The sentence was commuted to 20 years imprisonment in 1838. He was granted amnesty in 1848 and released.
After his discharge from the Austrian army, he joined the ranks of the insurgent Hungarian armies. He commanded 12 regiments of hussars in Southern Hungary, where it is said that his bravery greatly inspired his soldiers. He fought in battle until the battle of Szolnok, where he was wounded and lost his voice.
He then went on to serve as adjutant General to Henryk Dembiński, marshall of the Southern army. Captured by the Austrians in battle, he was tried for his activities supporting the agitating Poles and Hungarians, as well as for his actions against Austrian troops in combat. He was convicted and sentenced to death along with fellow defendants Peter Giron and Prince Mieczysław of Woroniec. He was executed on 16 October 1849.

</doc>
<doc id="20078757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078757" title="Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville">
Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville

Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20078766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078766" title="Fire and Fame">
Fire and Fame

Fire And Fame is a memoir co-written by Joerg Deisinger, former bassist and founding member of the German hard rock band Bonfire, and Carl Begai, a Canadian writer and music journalist. 
The memoir showcases Deisinger’s career as a professional musician, focusing on his formative years, his career with Bonfire from 1985 – 1994, concluding with a brief overview of his activities from the time he left the band to 2007. The project was inspired by Deisinger’s near death experience on December 26, 2004, when he narrowly missed being killed by the tsunami that ripped through Southeast Asia and decimated parts of Thailand. A last minute change of plans for a scheduled vacation while living in Thailand saved him, resulting in weeks and months of reflection, and the final decision to write his memoirs.
Deisinger outlined his idea for the project to Begai in early 2005, mapping out plans for English and German versions of the as-yet-untitled book. Deisinger made it clear from the beginning that Begai would not be a ghost writer, but play an active role in shaping the story. Over a two-year period the pair got together as schedules allowed, with Deisinger dictating the text to Begai in German, who would then translate, arrange and trim the story in English, adding facts and information when necessary. Thus, the book was a genuine collaboration and not a regurgitation of Deisinger’s words.
Fire And Fame is an account of Deisinger’s life and career, with no embellishment. It does not attempt to cash in on cliché tales of music industry debauchery, although the occasional sordid tale does surface. Some names have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent, and Deisinger makes a point of portraying former bandmates and rivals alike in a respectful light.
The writing for the project, eventually dubbed Fire And Fame by Begai, wrapped up in late 2007 and was released independently in cooperation with Books On Demand GmbH in August 2008. Graphic artist / photographer Thomas Riess did the final layout of the book.
An early 2009 release is planned for the German version of Fire And Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20078775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078775" title="Neville Coleman">
Neville Coleman

Neville Coleman OAM (1938 - 5 May 2012) was an Australian naturalist, underwater nature photographer, writer, publisher and educator. 
Coleman started scuba diving in 1963, exploring Sydney Harbour. Later he joined a scientific study group and, in 1969, commenced a project aiming to document the entire marine life of Australia, using underwater photography. 
His first book, "Australian marine fishes in colour", was published in 1974 and he subsequently authored more than 50 books. 
Coleman discovered many marine creatures new to science. Several species of fish, nudibranchs and other invertebrates have been named after him, including the mantis shrimp "Lysiosquilla colemani", the nudibranch "Chromodoris colemani", and the pygmy seahorse "Hippocampus colemani".
In 2007 Coleman was inducted to the International Scuba Diving Hall of Fame and, in 2011, he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for "service to conservation and the environment through the photographic documentation of Australian marine species". Coleman died of natural causes at 4:55am on 4 May 2012, in his sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="20078780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078780" title="Continuous facility">
Continuous facility

A continuous facility is a type of testing facility that produces test conditions that can be maintained indefinitely, such as certain types of wind tunnels. In contrast to continuous facilities are blow down facilities that operate only in short bursts at conditions that cannot be maintained continuously.

</doc>
<doc id="20078781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078781" title="Arisarum">
Arisarum

Arisarum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. 
Species.
There are 3 species of plants in this genus namely:
"Arisarum" look very similar to Arums except that their flowers, spathes, and inflorescences are considerably different. <br><br><br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="20078793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078793" title="Mark Bytheway">
Mark Bytheway

Mark Bytheway (22 July 1963 – 9 July 2010) was an England International Quiz player best known for becoming Quizzing World Champion in 2008 and winning the "Top Brain" competition of Brain of Britain.
Brain of Britain.
In 2007 he won Brain of Britain and in 2008 won the 3-year competition "Brain of Brains" beating TV's Egghead Chris Hughes and rival Pat Gibson and 9-year competition "Top Brain" titles, succeeding Kevin Ashman as holder.
National and International Titles.
In 2008 he won the prestigious title of Quizzing World Champion. He has been capped six times for the National team (with five wins) and has a current European/World ranking of number 3, behind Kevin Ashman (his pairs partner) and Pat Gibson. In 2009 he was third in the World Quizzing Championships and won the British title for the first time. He was unable to attend the 2010 World Quizzing Championships due to serious illness.
Bytheway was one of the original British Quizzing Grandmasters (as created under the Order of Merit maintained by Quizzing.co.uk) and has the third largest haul of international medals, with 16, (5 gold, 6 silver and 5 Bronze) after Ashman (27) and Gibson (24).
Domestic Competition.
In domestic competitions he played with the "Milhous Warriors", the first British team to win the Club competition at the European Quizzing Championships, which comprises Ashman, captain and England international Tim Westcott, Welsh international Sean O'Neill, Eric Kilby, Keith Andrew and Brian Wilkins.
He several times appeared as an aspiring contestant on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" but never qualified for the hot seat.
Mark Bytheway died on 9 July 2010 after a battle with esophageal cancer. As Mark was the reigning British Quiz Champion at the time of his death, the British Quizzing Championship trophy has been named in his honour, and will now be called the Mark Bytheway Trophy - aka the 'M*BY'.
2008 Interview.
A 2008 interview, after winning the World title, is available on the Norwegian Quiz Association website.

</doc>
<doc id="20078811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078811" title="Expansion tunnel">
Expansion tunnel

Expansion and shock tunnels are aerodynamic testing facilities with a specific interest in high speeds and high temperature testing. Shock tunnels use steady flow nozzle expansion whereas expansion tunnels use unsteady expansion with higher enthalpy, or thermal energy. In both cases the gases are compressed and heated until the gases are released, expanding rapidly down the expansion chamber. The tunnels reach speeds from Mach 3 to Mach 30 to create testing conditions that simulate hypersonic to re-entry flight. These tunnels are used by military and government agencies to test hypersonic vehicles that undergo a variety of natural phenomenon that occur during hypersonic flight.
Expansion Process.
Expansion Tunnel.
Expansion tunnels use a dual-diaphragm system where the diaphragms act as rupture discs, or a pressure relief. The tunnel is separated into three sections: drive, driven, and acceleration. The drive section is filled with high pressure helium gas. The driven section is filled with a lower pressure desired test gas, such as carbon dioxide, helium, nitrogen, or oxygen.. The acceleration section is filled with an even lower pressurized test gas. Each section is divided by a diaphragm, which is meant to be ruptured in sequence causing the first diaphragm to rupture, mixing and expanding the drive and the driven. When the shock wave hits the second diaphragm, it ruptures casing the two gases to mix with the acceleration and expand down the enclosed test section. Operation time is approximately 250 microseconds.
Shock Tunnel.
Reflected shock tunnels heat and pressurize a stagnant gas by using shockwaves that are redirected back into the center; this excites the gases and produces movement, heat, and pressure. The gases are then released and expanded through the nozzle and into the test chamber. Operation time is approximately 20 milliseconds.
Testing.
During the expansion process, a variety of test are run to analyze the aerodynamic and thermal properties of the test vehicle. 
Facilities.
Hypervelocity Expansion Tube (HET).
The HET is an expansion tube facility operating at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. It is part of the Compressible Fluid Mechanics Lab directed by Professor Joanna Austin. It is a 150mm inner diameter facility with the capability to reach Mach 4-8, and was built in 2005.
HYPULSE.
NASA's Hypersonic Pulse Facility (HYPULSE) is operated by the General Applied Science Laboratory (GASL) in New York. The HYPULSE facility was developed for the testing of re-entry vehicles and air-breathing engines. The specifications of the HYPULSE include a diameter of 7 feet and a 19 foot length. This facility was upgraded to have two modes, Reflected Shock Tunnel (RST) and Shock-Expansion Tunnel (SET). HYPULSE-RST generates speeds from Mach 5 to 10, whereas the HYPULSE-SET produces speeds from Mach 12 to 25.
LENS-I,II.
Large Energy National Shock tunnels (LENS) were constructed over the past 15 years at the Aerothermal/Aero-optic Evaluation Center (AAEC) at CUBRC. The LENS facilities were developed for the testing of advanced missile seekerheads and scramjet engines. LENS I and LENS II have similar control, compression and data acquisition systems. LENS I facility has an 11-inch diameter by 25.5 foot long drive tube that is electrically heated with an 8-inch by 60 foot driven section capable of reaching Mach 7 to 18. Test models can have a maximum length of 12 feet and a diameter of 3 feet. The LENS I heats up the drive gas to 750 degrees F to operate at a maximum 30,000 psi. The LENS II facility integrates a 24-inch diameter to both the 60 foot drive and also the 100 foot driven tubes, which runs between Mach 3 and 9.
LENS-X.
LENS-X is an 8 foot diameter by 100 foot expansion tunnel with a top speed of Mach 30. The drive chamber, filled with helium or hydrogen gas, is compressed to 3,000 psi at 1000 degrees Fahrenheit; this breaks the first diaphragm, causing the driven chamber to experience an influx of hot gas, generating pressures over 20,000 psi before the second diaphragm is ruptured.
High Enthalpy Shock Tunnel (HIEST).
It is located at Kakuda Space research centre – JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency). Both high pressure and high temperature can be simulated simultaneously in this tunnel. Major applications include Aerodynamic and aerothermodynamic tests on scale models of returnable spacecraft; and Combustion process tests on scramjet engines. HYFLEX (Hypersonic Flight Experiment) which was a re-entry demonstrator prototype vehicle of JAXA was tested in this facility. Another speciality of this tunnel is 3 pistons of different masses can be used. 
T4 Shock Tunnel.
It is located at University of Queensland, Australia. It is a large free piston driven shock tunnel capable of producing sub-orbital flow speeds at a range of Mach numbers.The T4 shock tunnel began operation in April 1987 and commenced routine operation, after a commissioning period, in September 1987. The 10000th shot of T4 was fired in August 2008 and it remains significantly better than X2. 
T5 Hypervelocity Shock Tunnel Facility.
It is a free piston shock tunnel located at California Institute of Technology, USA.It is an impulse facility capable of reaching very high stagnation temperatures and pressures at relatively high densities. It uses air or nitrogen as driver gas and a thin mylar film as its diaphragm. The 120kg piston can reach maximum speeds in excess of 300 m/s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20078826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078826" title="Expansion tube">
Expansion tube

An expansion tube is a type of impulse facility that is conceptually similar to a shock tube with a secondary diaphragm, an expansion section, a test section, and a dump tank where the endwall would be located in a shock tube. It is typically used to produce high enthalpy flows for high speed aerodynamic flow and aerodynamic heating and atmospheric reentry testing.

</doc>
<doc id="20078830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078830" title="Arophyton">
Arophyton

Arophyton is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It consists of 7 species that are found only in northeast Madagascar. "Arophyton" are tuberous plants with a few rhizomatous species that go through a dormant period during the dry season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20078858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078858" title="Ángel Paz">
Ángel Paz

Ángel Ramón Paz Rápalo (28 October 1950 — 4 November 2008) was a Honduran footballer, who played for Olimpia and Real Juventud.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Mon", his debut in the Honduran league was on 22 June 1969 scoring one of the goals against Atlético Indio in the 3–0 victory.
International career.
He has represented his country in 2 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and amassed 9 caps for Honduras.
Death.
He died of stomach cancer on 4 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20078879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078879" title="Human Ecology, Human Economy">
Human Ecology, Human Economy

Human Ecology, Human Economy: Ideas for an Ecologically Sustainable Future is a 1997 book edited by Mark Diesendorf and Clive Hamilton. The authors' intent is to "develop some of the basic ideas, concepts and tools that are needed to create a set of preferred futures for the Earth". According to the editors, the book provides equal measures of human ecology and ecological economics, in order to assist the process of working towards a better future.
"Human Ecology, Human Economy" has been reviewed in "Ecological Economics" and "The Australian Journal of Agricultural and Resource Economics".

</doc>
<doc id="20078914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078914" title="Sambhu Nath De">
Sambhu Nath De

Early career.
Sambhu Nath De (popularly known as S N De) was born in Hooghly District, West Bengal, India. His father Mr Dasarathi De was a small businessman. Supported by his uncle Asutosh De, De completed the Matriculation examination with distinction that helped him to get the District scholarship as well as to pursue further education in Hooghly Mohsin College, which was then affiliated with the prestigious University of Calcutta. His higher education was supported by Kestodhan Seth, who identified De as an extraordinary student. De passed his M.B. examination in 1939 from Calcutta Medical College and completed a Diploma in Tropical Medicine (DTM) in 1942. Soon after graduation he joined Calcutta Medical College as a Demonstrator of Pathology and initiated his research under Professor B. P. Tribedi. In 1947, De joined as a Ph.D. student under Sir Roy Cameron at the Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, London, and obtained his Ph.D. degree in Pathology in 1949. After his return, De worked on pathogenesis of cholera and started publishing his findings. In 1955, De became the Head of Pathology and Bacteriology Division of the Calcutta Medical College, which he continued until his retirement. De published more than 30 research papers and has written an excellent monograph on cholera and its pathogenesis.
Contributions.
De made significant contributions to our recent understanding of cholera and related diarrheal diseases and set a permanent milestone in the modern view of diseases caused by bacterial exotoxins. Followed by the discovery of Vibrio cholerae in 1884 by Robert Koch, many works have been carried out all over the world to answer many questions related with its pathogenesis and mode of transmission in causing outbreaks. The seminal works of De in Calcutta (now, Kolkata), during 1950-60 breached several qualms pertaining to the enteric toxin produced by bacteria including V. cholerae and Escherichia coli. Three of his works viz., ligated intestinal loop method (which was a reinvention of Violle and Crendiropoulo method in 1915, but De was unaware of this work and made an independent discovery) for studying cholera in rabbit model; ileal loop model to demonstrate the association of some strains of E. coli with diarrhea and lastly but most importantly is his discovery of cholera toxin in 1959 in the cell-free culture filtrate of V. cholerae that stimulated a specific cellular response.
Says Eugene Garfield, founder-editor of Current Contents and Science Citation Index and publisher of The Scientist, in his 1986 tribute to De: In 1959 De was the first to demonstrate that cholera bacteria secrete enterotoxin. This discovery eventually promoted research to find a treatment aimed directly at neutralizing the cholera enterotoxin. De’s paper “Enterotoxicity of bacteria-free culture-filtrate of Vibrio cholerae,” while initially unrecognized, today is considered a milestone in the history of cholera research. Biochemist W.E. van Heyningen, professor emeritus, University of Oxford, UK, and John R. Seal, former scientific director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Bethesda, note that De’s paper “deserves to go down as a classic in the history of cholera, and, indeed, as later developments have shown, in the history of cellular physiology and biochemistry.” Thanks to De’s discovery of the cholera enterotoxin, research has been redirected to find a vaccine that will spark the immune system to fight the enterotoxin specifically, rather than the bacteria.
De and colleagues also published highly cited pioneering studies on V.cholerae action on the intestinal membrane., The 1953 paper “An experimental study of the mechanism of action of Vibrio cholerae on the intestinal mucous membrane” is De’s most-cited paper, cited 340 times until August 1986. De’s most-cited paper has been core to cholera research fronts for many years, especially research fronts on "E. coli and Vibrio cholerae enterotoxin: detection, characterization, and role of adherence" and "Characterization of cholera enterotoxin and other enterotoxins". As noted by John Craig, State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn, De’s work was truly creative and novel, and it “forever altered our concepts surrounding the pathogenesis of secretory diarrhoea.”
These famous findings came out from the work he carried out at the Nilratan Sircar Medical College, Calcutta Medical College and Bose Institute, Kolkata in extremely modest laboratory settings. Using research methodology that was very simple, easy to perform and inexpensive, he set the highest standards of excellence in novel experimental design and execution.
In the words of Nobel Laureate Prof. Joshua Lederberg, “De’s clinical observations led him to the bold thought that dehydration was a sufficient cause of pathology of cholera, that the cholera toxin can kill ‘merely’ by stimulating the secretion of water into the bowel”. Thus, the oral rehydration therapy (ORT) for replenishing the massive fluid loss in cholera patients, has saved innumerable lives, should be considered as a direct outcome of De’s discovery of cholera toxin. His findings on exotoxins set the stage for the modern views of diseases caused by toxin producing bacteria, helped in the purification of cholera and heat-labile (LT) enterotoxins produced by V. cholerae and E. coli, respectively, and in the development of series of cholera and enterotoxigenic E. coli (in short ETEC strains) vaccines.
Post-retirement.
De retired in 1973 from the Calcutta Medical College at the age of 58. After his retirement, he showed no interest in higher positions but continued his research at the Bose Institute, Calcutta. De’s desire to purify the cholera toxin did not progress any further as the protein purification technology was not well established in his research settings. During his time of research, De worked with hypertoxin-producing classical strains of V. cholerae O1, which was abruptly replaced by El Tor biotype less cholera toxin in Calcutta from 1963. This new development was another reason why De could not continue his research on purification of cholera toxin.
In 1978, the Nobel Foundation invited De to participate in the 43rd Nobel Symposium on Cholera and Related Diarrhoeas.
De died on April 15, 1985 at the age of 70. His life’s ambition was to make the world a better place to live in through his dedicated selfless services in medical science.
Significance of work.
But for Eugene Garfield’s 1986 tribute to De in Current Contents,6 De’s great contributions to cholera research would have continued to remain unknown to many even in India. A special issue of the journal Current Science (Bangalore, India) was published in 1990 in honour of De, to which several eminent scientists of national and international repute contributed.
In the words of Dr S Sriramachari, former director of the Institute of Pathology and additional director general of the Indian Council of Medical Research, New Delhi, De’s contributions stand out as a pinnacle of excellence in our understanding of the pathogenesis of cholera.
Nobel laureate Prof. Joshua Lederberg had nominated De for the Nobel Prize more than once. Said Lederberg, “our appreciation of De must then extend beyond the humanitarian consequences of his discovery. . . he is also an examplar and inspiration for a boldness of challenge to the established wisdom, a style of thought that should be more aggressively taught by example as well as precept.”
And yet De was never elected a fellow of any Indian academy and never received any major award. Indeed as Professor Padmanabhan Balaram pointed out in an editorial in Current Science, “De died in 1985 unhonoured and unsung in India’s scientific circles. That De received no major award in India during his lifetime and our Academies did not see it fit to elect him to their Fellowships must rank as one of the most glaring omissions of our time. De emerges, in retrospect, as a modest self-effacing scientist driven by inner compulsions to grapple with a major scientific problem of the time. His choice of cholera as his field of interest was remarkably appropriate to his setting. To this problem De brought a wonderfully thoughtful approach, together with deep intuition, enabling him to make the long-awaited breakthrough in the field. De’s heroic story of persistence, dedication and achievement should serve as an inspiration to the many who are increasingly bewildered by the current fashion of mega projects, surrounded by fanfare and publicity and most often surprisingly little discernible scientific output.”

</doc>
<doc id="20078922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078922" title="Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (lawyer)">
Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (lawyer)

Karol d'Abancourt de Franqueville (26 May 1851 – 16 August 1913) was a Polish politician and lawyer. He was born in Łówcza, Poland to Franciszek Ksawery d' Abancourt de Franqueville, a publisher and political activist. His family consisted mainly of French refugees.
His sense of patriotism was fostered not only by the political activities of his father, but also by the legacy of his uncle, Karol, who was hailed as a national hero. He attended school in Lwów, where he decided to attend university and study law. After completing his studies, he worked in the region of Galicia, especially in Bełz, Brody, Bolechów, Żurawno, and Lwów. He worked tirelessly as a social activist in every town where he practiced law. The town of Żurawno awarded him honorary citizenship in 1895.
From 1895 to 1900, he served as member of the Parliament of the Galician Galician Sejm, elected to represent Żydaczów. Initiatives he presented included bills regarding regulation of rivers and mountain streams. Though he belonged to no political party, he was considered a nationalist, often pushing for the removal of Austrian influences from Galician politics.
As he aged he lost his sight and retired from public life. He died in August 1913 in Rabka-Zdrój.

</doc>
<doc id="20078926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078926" title="Earl of Charlemont (ship)">
Earl of Charlemont (ship)

The Earl of Charlemont was a medium-sized, 878 ton passenger ship, which sank on a voyage to Australia.
Ship history.
The ship was built at Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, in 1849.
It sailed from the Port of Liverpool on 13 March 1853 with 366 passengers plus crew, captained by William Gardner. The first port of call was to be Port Phillip, Australia, before continuing to Sydney with the majority of the passengers.
After a passage of 97 days the ship reached Cape Otway on 17 June, and set a course for Port Phillip some 56 miles away. At 5.15 a.m. the next morning the ship struck a reef (later named Charlemont Reef) about 1½ miles from Point Flinders (now Barwon Heads). An attempt to launch the ships boats failed in the heavy surf, so the main mast was cut down to lighten ship, which then washed over the reef and grounded nearer shore. A passenger named Savage swam ashore with a light rope, and a hawser was stretched between the ship and the shore. Using a ship's boat the passengers and crew were all safely ferried ashore by 8.30 p.m., apart from one elderly passenger named Thwaites, who died from a heart attack, and was buried on the headland. The passengers were provided with shelter by a local settler Mr. McVean, who alerted the authorities at Geelong. Mr. Gowrie, the Mayor of Geelong, sent food and eight bullock drays to transport the women, children and infirm to Geelong, while the able-bodied followed on foot. The people of Geelong raised £1,000 to assist the passengers who had lost all their possessions.
A subsequent inquiry laid blame for the disaster on Captain Gardner, but a sailing directory published by the Admiralty in 1855 noted that the wreck of the "Earl of Charlemont" and that of "Sacramento" two months earlier, were due to strong currents carrying the vessels inshore when hove to awaiting daylight.
In 1953, on the centenary of the wreck, a memorial service was held attended by descendants of the survivors, and in November 1953 a cairn was erected overlooking the scene of the wreck.

</doc>
<doc id="20078930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078930" title="2003 Bavarian Cup">
2003 Bavarian Cup

The 2003 Bavarian Cup was the sixth edition of this competition which was started in 1998. It ended with the TSV Aindling winning the competition. Together with the finalist, TSV Gerbrunn, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2003-04. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2003 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2002-03.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
Final.
The reason for the one-sided result in the final can be seen in the fact that TSV Gerbrunn had withdrawn its team from the Bayernliga to the lower Bavarian amateur leagues, therefore fielding a much weaker side.
DFB Cup 2003-04.
The two clubs, TSV Aindling and TSV Gerbrunn, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2003-04 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20078934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078934" title="Arophyteae">
Arophyteae

Arophyteae is a tribe in the Araceae family. It contains three genera Colletogyne, Carlephyton, and Arophyton. All species in Arophyteae are endemic to Madagascar. 
References.
Bown, Deni (2000). "Aroids: Plants of the Arum Family". Timber Press. ISBN 0-88192-485-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20078988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078988" title="Michael Maher">
Michael Maher

Michael Maher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20078996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20078996" title="Bruiser and Scratch">
Bruiser and Scratch

Bruiser & Scratch is a WiiWare game developed and produced by Steel Penny Games. It costs 1000 Wii points. It was released in North America on December 8, 2008, but it is no longer on the WiiWare service.
Story.
Bruiser is a male dog who wears a tartan flat cap and a studded collar. Scratch is a female cat who wears a flower in her hair and a heart shaped necklace. The game begins as the pair are having a walk in some nearby woods. Scratch spots a large paw shaped marking in the ground and calls Bruiser over to have a look. However just as she does so a thin vapour comes up out of the ground and becomes a door. Bruiser trips over and they both go tumbling through the doorway.
Gameplay.
The game is split into a series of levels in which the player takes control of either Bruiser or Scratch depending on the level. The aim of the game is to try to escape each level by creating a portal out of different random objects. The player does this by pushing these objects together to form a completely new object to create a portal out of the level. Objects move in a straight line and are controlled by a four direction one button interface. There are a few tutorials to introduce player to the game and the actual story takes place over 48 puzzles and six landscapes. Challenge mode also offers 75 additional puzzles that range in difficulty.
Reception.
Wiiloveit.com gave the game a 20/30, commenting that the game is "really challenging for almost all ages", and "will last you many, many hours". Unfortunately the mediocre presentation and the "high price tag" are big put-off's to an otherwise pretty good game.

</doc>
<doc id="20079053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079053" title="Te Haahi Ratana">
Te Haahi Ratana

Te Haahi Rātana, or the Rātana Church, is a Christian religious organisation of Māori people based upon the teachings and principles of the faith healer and Prophet Tahupōtiki Wiremu Rātana. On November 8, 1918, Rātana received a divine revelation from the Holy Spirit which commanded him to unite the Māori people in worship of the One True God, Jehovah. On July 5, 1925, the Rātana Established Church of New Zealand was formally established and registered with the Registrar-General's Office in Wellington, New Zealand.
Creed of Faith of the Rātana Church.
Glory and Praise be to Jehovah of Hosts, Father, Son and Holy Spirit, and honour also be to the Faithful Angels. 
Amen
Beliefs and Teachings.
The Ratana church believes in the Holy Trinity, the administration of the True and Faithful Angels, the commissioning and relevance of Tahupotiki Wiremu Ratana as "God's Mouthpiece" in this dispensation, the authority of the scriptures, the rejection of spiritism (known in Maori as "Tohungaism"), the vitalisation and healthiness of the body and soul, faith healing and unity within the church.
Ratana Pa.
Ratana Pa, located 20 km south of Wanganui, New Zealand, is the central home of the Ratana Church and Movement. Formerly the farm of Tahupotiki Wiremu Ratana, it became a settlement of Ratana followers in the 1920s. Today, there are 500 residents of Ratana Pa. Located there is the 2,000 seat Holy Temple of Jehovah, the "Manuao" (an accommodation facility and head office of the church), the "Whare Maori" (which contains crutches and wheelchairs from followers who were healed by Ratana in the 1920s and 1930s) and the Ratana Archives Center, which contains artifacts and stories from the history of the Ratana Church.
January 25 and November 8 are anniversary days of the Ratana Church. On these days thousands of members of the church flock to Ratana Pa for the special anniversary services commemorating the Birth Anniversary of Tahupotiki Wiremu Ratana (January 25, 1873) and the First Vision in which Ratana was ordained by God (November 8, 1918).
Servants of the Church.
Servants of the Church are also called Officers. They are the Morehu (members) who hold offices in the church and movement which include the spiritual and physical aspects of the Faith. The Servants of the Church are called in Maori, Te Pou o Te Haahi. The following is the hierarchical system from Top to Bottom of all offices of the church and movement.
PRESIDENT:
The President is the head of the church on earth and is known as the Tumuaki. He/She is both Servant of Man and Servant of God. The spiritual title attributed to the Tumuaki is the Defender of the Faith. It is common that a member of the Ratana Family be chosen Tumuaki of the Church.
SYNOD:
The Synod is the policy-making body of the Church and Movement and is known as Hui Whakapumau. Synod shall convene during the annual 25 January Celebrations each year. The Synod is responsible for deciding on various issues concerning the church in local and regional areas.
COUNCIL OF TWELVE APOSTLES:
The Council of Twelves Apostles is the highest council authority in the church and is also known as Te Runanga. Members are chosen from the Ratana community itself.
CHURCH EXECUTIVE:
The Executive Committee of Ratana Pa. shall be recognised as the Head, or CHURCH COMMITTEE of the Church, or Spiritual Works, and shall be called the "RATANA CHURCH EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE".
TE WHETU MARAMA O TE KOTAHITANGA:
Te Whetu Marama is the chief newspaper and publishing arm of the Church and Movement.
DISTRICT APOSTLE:
The District Apostle (Apotoro Takiwa) is a Registered Apostle (see below) in charge of presiding over various parishes in His district.
REGISTERED APOSTLE:
The Registered Apostle (Apotoro Rehita) is a registered minister with the power to marry people and preside over a parish. The Registered Apostle wears a purple bib, a purple cassock, a white surplice, a purple stole with pink tassels, and a degree hood. All Apostles meet in July at Ratana Pa for the Apostles Annual Convention.
SPIRITUAL APOSTLE:
The Spiritual Apostle (Apotoro Wairua) is a lay-councillor in the church. He assists the Registered Apostle in Parish Life. The Spiritual Apostle wears a blue bib, a blue gown and red stole.
DISCIPLE:
The Disciple (Akonga) is a male member of the church training to become an Apostle later. The Disciple wears a white gown, yellow stole and blue bib.
SISTER OF MERCY:
A Sister of Mercy (Awhina) is a lay-woman of the church who assists the Apostle in Parish Life. She is also known as a Deaconess. A Sister of Mercy wears a purple cassock and white habit.
PSALMIST:
A Psalmist (Roopu Raupo Waiata) is a lay-woman of the church who leads the Devotional Prayers in the Worship Service. The Psalmists wear an orange cassock and orange habit.
PARISH CHURCH COMMITTEE:
The Parish Church Committee (Komiti Haahi) is responsible for the needs of the local parish.
BANDS:
The Bands (Nga Reo) are important to the church. There are seven bands:
- Te Reo o Te Arepa
- Te Reo o Te Omeka Ratana Manuao
- Te Reo o Piri-Wiri-Tua
- Te Reo o Hamuera
- Te Reo Te Ratana Tua-Toru
- Te Reo o Nga Tuahine
- Te Reo o Te Whaea o Katoa
The Bands are responsible for leading the Morehu to the Worship Service and Temple at Ratana Pa.
CHOIRS:
The Choirs (Nga Koea) are important in the church. The Choirs are responsible for leading the Morehu in Congregational Singing in the Worship Service.
CHURCH WARDENS:
The Church Wardens (Kaitiaki-Whakamoemiti) are responsible for keeping peace and order in the Worship Service and recording attendance during the Worship Service (Whakamoemiti).
Worship Service.
All Ratana Church Parishes hold the Worship Service known as Whakamoemiti at 11:00am each Sunday. The Worship Service is led by the Apotoro. Attendees are asked to dress formally and take no money in to the Worship area. All monies must be left outside the Worship area or placed in the offering pouch. The whole service is conducted in the Maori language with parts in the English language if desired. The Hymns and Prayers are said out of the Ratana Book of Hymns and Prayers (a.k.a. Blue Book). Devotional Prayers are led by the Roopu Raupo. Congregational Singing is led by the Choir. Most parishes operate autonomously however still remaining united with the Church Administration (KOMITI HAAHI MATUA).
The following is the Order of Service for the Whakamoemiti:
1. Apostle - (Must confess his own sins or 
wrongdoings first).
2. Apostle - (Opening Prayer) - 
O God's Mouthpiece, True and Faithful 
Angels and Holy Godhead. Join us in this, 
our hour of praise and thanksgiving to make final 
decisions on every word that we speak in 
your glorious Kingdom. For you are the 
beginning and the end of our hopes and 
desires in your glorious Kingdom. May 
God's Mouthpiece confirm this 
Prayer now and forever Amen.
3. Apostle - (Take Confession and Repentance) O brethren do we agree to confess our sins and wrongdoings before The Father, Son, Holy Spirit, so that they may burn our sins in the Holy Fire until they turn to ashes, Agreed?
- Answer - "Yes we agree" 
(Repentance) - And with heart and in mind, do we agree to continually abide in humble repentance, so that we may be born again in the Spirit. Agreed?
- Answer - "Yes we agree"
4. Apostle - (Thanksgiving Prayer) O God's Mouthpiece and True and Faithful Angels, now that you have heard our confessions and repentance, therefore it is fitting that we give praise and thanksgiving before you for the blessings we have received in days gone by, right up to this present day. We ask that you instil your unconditional love upon us for all times. May God's Mouthpiece confirm this prayer now and forever - Amen .
5. Song of Praise and Thanksgiving.
6. The Psalm Singers - (Devotional Prayer) - (After the Devotional Prayer is this short prayer by the Apostle) - Be seated o brethren in the name of The Father, Son, Holy Spirit, True and Faithful Angels and God's Mouthpiece - Amen.
7. The Sermon - (After the sermon is this prayer) O True and Faithful Angels, instil the words of truth and righteousness within this sermon, into the hearts of the brethren an essence of goodness for the physical and spiritual body for all times. May God's Mouthpiece confirm this prayer now and forever Amen.
8. Doxology - Song. 70. MA TE MARIE (MAY THE PEACE)
9. Prayer from the heart.
10.(Closing Prayer)- 
O God's Mouthpiece, True and Faithful Angels, and 
Holy Godhead, embrace us in true 
brotherly love, bind us together in unity and peace.
May God's Mouthpiece confirm this prayer now and 
forever - Amen.
Ratana Church of Australia.
Monday 15 August 1983, fifth president of the Ratana Established Church of New Zealand, Maata "Te Reo" Hura, sanctioned the Ratana Church of Australia. It is estimated that there are more than 20,000 Ratana Church members in Australia (2008).
On the 31st of August 2003 the seventh tumuaki Harerangi Meihana conducted a pastoral visit to the Morehu of Sydney, District of Australia. In September 2005, Te Reo O Piri-Wiri-Tua, (one of seven Ratana Brass/Silver Bands) travelled to Sydney. 
A scout hall is named after them at Glenfield Scout Activity Center, Cambridge Avenue, Glenfield, New South Wales.
Recently, Te Reo O te Arepa, (one of the seven Ratana Brass/Silver Bands) have established a branch in Sydney. The District of Australia is currently being administered by District Apostle (Apotoro Takiwa) Paul Webster.

</doc>
<doc id="20079059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079059" title="Diamond Trellis Egg">
Diamond Trellis Egg

The Diamond Trellis Egg is a jewelled enameled Easter egg made by August Holmström under the supervision of the Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1892. It is one of the Imperial Fabergé eggs, made for Alexander III of Russia, who presented it to his wife, the Empress Maria Feodorovna. The egg is owned by an American couple, Artie and Dorothy McFerrin, and is on display at the Houston Museum of Natural Science.
The egg cost 4,750 silver roubles, and contained an automaton of an ivory elephant covered with precious stones. The surprise is currently missing.
The Egg.
The egg is made of jadeite, gold, rose-cut diamonds, and is lined with white satin. It is carved from pale green jadeite and is enclosed in a lattice of rose-cut diamonds with gold mounts. The egg is hinged, and a large diamond sits at its base. Originally it was supported on a base of three silver putti said to represent the three sons of the imperial couple, the Grand Dukes Nicholas, George and Michael. The putti were set on a jadeite base.
The Surprise.
The surprise was an automaton of an elephant in ivory. It was the first automaton made by Fabergé for an Imperial egg, his next automaton was made in 1900 for the Pine Cone egg presented to Barbara Kelch. The surprise was described in detail when the egg was held at the Gatchina Palace. A small key wound the ivory elephant which had a small gold tower on its back decorated with rose-cut diamonds. The sides of the elephant were decorated with gold and five precious stones. The tusks, trunk and harness were decorated with small diamonds, and a black mahout sat on its head. The elephant had special significance as an elephant appears in the coat of arms of the Danish Royal Family, Empress Maria Feodorovna's homeland. This surprise is currently missing.
Ownership.
The egg was presented to the Empress Maria Feodorovna by her husband, Alexander III of Russia on 5 April 1892, and was subsequently held at the Gatchina Palace. It was one of 40 eggs sent to the Kremlin Armoury by the Russian Provisional Government for safekeeping in September 1917. It was transferred to the Council of People's Commissars in 1922, and around 1927 was sold by the Antikvariat to representatives of the Australian Pearl Company. Subsequently purchased by Emanuel Snowman of the London jewellers, Wartski, it was bought from Wartski by a Mr. T. B. Kitson in October 1929. Following Kitson's death it was auctioned by Sotheby's in December 1962 for £2,400, and bought by a buyer's agent, named Drager. The egg was subsequently owned by a private collection in the United Kingdom from 1962 to 1977, and was held by a private collection in London in 1983. 
The Diamond Trellis egg is presently owned by Artie McFerrin, a successful businessman in the Houston chemical and petroleum industry, who with his wife, Dorothy, has collected one of the largest private collections of Fabergé objet d'art in the United States. As well as the Diamond Trellis egg, the McFerrins own Fabergé eggs made for the Russian nobleman Alexander Kelch, and the Swedish-Russian oil baron Emanuel Nobel.
The Diamond Trellis egg was exhibited at London's Victoria and Albert Museum in 1977, the Museum of Applied Arts in Helsinki in 1980, New York's Cooper-Hewitt Museum in 1983 and the Swedish Nationalmuseum in Stockholm in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20079078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079078" title="The Guv'nor (film)">
The Guv'nor (film)

"The Guv'nor (released in the U.S. as Mr. Hobo") is a 1935 British comedy film starring George Arliss as a tramp who rides a series of misunderstandings and becomes the president of a bank.
Plot.
Monsieur Barsac (Frank Cellier) is in a great deal of trouble - the Paris bank of which he is president is bankrupt, though nobody else knows yet. He tells his secret to his crony Dubois (George Hayes), since he needs his help. Dubois is to purchase an iron mine that is supposedly played out. However, Barsac's mining engineer has found rich, untapped deposits of ore. The mine is 51% owned by the widow Mrs. Granville (Henrietta Watson) and her daughter Madeleine (Viola Keats), who are deeply in debt to his bank. Barsac uses his stepson Paul (Patric Knowles) as an intermediary, since Paul is a friend of the family, particularly the beautiful Madeleine.
Meanwhile, a vagabond known as the "Guv'nor" (George Arliss) decides to head south for the winter with his friend Flit (Gene Gerrard). At the Granville estate, he offers to mend some china in exchange for food and is treated very cordially by Madeleine.
Soon after, the two men are taken into custody for poaching and returned to Paris. After the policeman learns the Guv'nor's unusual real name, François Rothschild, he informs a member of the great banking dynasty who, unwilling to have his illustrious family name besmirched by an arrest, gives the Guv'nor a check for 2000 francs and has the two men released.
The Guv'nor is happy with his lifestyle, so he offers the money to Flit. They clean themselves up before trying to cash the check at Barzac's bank. Barzac mistakes the Guv'nor for one of "the" Rothschilds and tries to persuade him to join the board of directors to prop up the bank. During the conversation, the Guv'nor catches Barzac in a lie about Madeleine and becomes interested. He is made president of the bank.
When the Guv'nor learns details about Barsac's scheme from Madame Barzac (Mary Clare), who is anxious to prevent her husband from investing in a "worthless" mine, he returns to the Granville estate. There, dressed as the tramp, he advises Madeleine to get Paul to ask for impartial advice about Barzac's strong recommendation to sell - from Monsieur Rothschild. Instead, she goes to see Rothschild herself and discovers his real identity. She believes that he has deceived her so he can purchase the mine himself and stalks out before he can explain.
The next morning, the Guv'nor attends a meeting of the shareholders called to vote on whether to sell for the pittance Dubois is offering. The Guv'nor denounces Barzac and Dubois, but Madeleine votes to sell.
The wily Guv'nor then makes it look as if he has committed suicide. People fear he did so because there is something wrong with the bank and Dubois' company; panic selling soon drives down the price of shares in both. Meanwhile, Paul buys them on the Guv'nor's behalf. Having saved the Granvilles and ruined Barzac and Dubois, the Guv'nor gives the shares to Madeleine and Paul as a wedding present and resumes his carefree journey to warmer climes.

</doc>
<doc id="20079108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079108" title="Brain Research Foundation">
Brain Research Foundation

The Brain Research Foundation (BRF) is a non-profit private organization in Chicago, Illinois. The foundation was established in 1953 to promote and support scientific research concerning the brain. The BRF aides scientists in their pursuits to understand, prevent, treat, and cure brain disorders. Brain tumors, Multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, Epilepsy, ALS, learning disorders, depression and many others are disorders the BRF has helped raise awareness for.

</doc>
<doc id="20079114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079114" title="2004 Bavarian Cup">
2004 Bavarian Cup

The 2004 Bavarian Cup was the seventh edition of this competition which was started in 1998. It ended with the Jahn Regensburg II winning the competition. Together with the finalist, TSV Aindling, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2004-05. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2004 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2003-04.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2004-05.
The two clubs, TSV Aindling and Jahn Regensburg II, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2004-05 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20079128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079128" title="PING (software)">
PING (software)

PING (Partimage Is Not Ghost) is a free software Linux-based live CD ISO image built upon the Partimage and Linux From Scratch (LFS) projects for disk cloning or backup purposes. The software supports most hardware platforms using Parallel ATA, Serial ATA, or SCSI systems for desktop computers, workstations, and servers. It can access file systems using FAT16, FAT32, NTFS or ext3 format. Disk partition images can be stored on other partitions on the same drive, other drives on a network, or written to one or more CDs or DVDs (CD/DVD spanning). Images can be written without compression or using a choice of several compression schemes, thus reducing storage requirements.
Although the user interface is keyboard-based, it is easy to navigate with the cursor keys. Option selections are checked or unchecked with the space bar, and minimal typing is required when specifying file names for backup or restoration.
Since PING is built upon LFS, it is very small in size. Even if a user decided to expand the content and install it permanently on hard drive, it would still take only 20 megabytes. Normally, the software is burnt on a CD-ROM or installed into a USB flash drive for booting. There is also a special version that allow users to load plug-in programs, for example, Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) for virus scanning.
Downloading PING requires registration with an email address. Older versions are still available for download.

</doc>
<doc id="20079130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079130" title="The Cure at Troy">
The Cure at Troy

"The Cure at Troy: A Version of Sophocles' Philoctetes" is a verse adaptation by Seamus Heaney of Sophocles' play "Philoctetes". It was first published in 1991. The story comes from the cycle of myths relating to the Trojan War. Heaney's version is well known for its lines:History says, Don't hope<br>On this side of the grave,<br>But then, once in a lifetime<br>The longed-for tidal wave<br>Of justice can rise up<br>And hope and history rhyme.
The passage was quoted by Bill Clinton in his remarks to the community in Londonderry in 1995 during the Northern Ireland Peace Process, and by Joe Biden at the memorial service for Sean Collier, a campus police officer who was killed in the line of duty during the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings. In the opening chorus of the play, Heaney's translation emphasizes the role of poetry as "the voice of reality and justice" in expressing "terrible events".
At the beginning of the play, the protagonist Philoctetes has been marooned on an island with a wound that would not heal. His suffering and exposure to the elements has made him animal-like, a quality he shares with other outcasts in Heaney's work, such as Sweeney. He ultimately rejoins the war at Troy, which could not end without him.
At the time of its composition, Heaney saw themes of the "Philoctetes" as consonant with the contemporary political situation in South Africa, as the apartheid regime fell and Nelson Mandela was released from prison without a full-scale war. Heaney described Mandela's return as a similar overcoming of betrayal and a display of "the generosity of his coming back and helping with the city—helping the polis to get together again."
Narratives relating to the Trojan War had attracted Heaney and other Irish poets, sometimes for its resonance with the Northern Ireland conflict. Heaney also reworked "The Testament of Cresseid", and had drawn on the "Oresteia" of Aeschylus for his sequence of poems "Mycenae Lookout".
"The Cure at Troy" was first performed in 1990 by the Field Day Theatre Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20079153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079153" title="Caucasus (Fabergé egg)">
Caucasus (Fabergé egg)

The Caucasus Egg is a jewelled enameled Easter egg made by Michael Perkhin under the supervision of the German jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1893. The egg was made for Alexander III of Russia, who presented it to his wife, the Empress Maria Feodorovna. 
Currently the egg is a long term installation at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, New York, as part of the Matilda Geddings Gray Foundation.
The Egg.
The egg is made of yellow and varicoloured gold, silver, ruby enamel, rose-cut diamonds, portrait diamonds, platinum, ivory, pearls, rock crystal and watercolour on ivory.
It commemorates the Imperial hunting lodge in Abastumani in Caucasus where Grand Duke George spent most of his life after being diagnosed with tuberculosis. Miniatures were done and signed by Krijitski. The miniatures are revealed by opening four pearl-bordered doors around the egg. Each door bears a diamond-set numeral of the year, forming the year 1893. Behind the hinged cover at the top is a portrait of the Grand Duke in his naval uniform. 
This is the first Imperial egg known to be dated. Ruby red enamel was used only one other time for the Imperial eggs as Alexei's hemophilia was a constant worry for the family.
Surprise.
The surprise for this egg is missing.

</doc>
<doc id="20079201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079201" title="1986 Detroit Lions season">
1986 Detroit Lions season

The 1986 Detroit Lions season was their 57th in the league. The team failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 7–9 and missed the playoffs for the third straight year.
This season would be the last time the Lions defeated the Eagles until 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20079233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079233" title="Antonov A-1">
Antonov A-1

__NOTOC__
The Antonov A-1 and related designs were a family of single-seat training gliders produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s and 40s. All were derived from the Standard-2 (Стандарт-2) (designed and flown by Oleg Konstantinovich Antonov in 1930), which in turn were derived from the Standard-1. They were produced in large numbers, with around 5,400 built of the U-s3, U-s4 and P-s2 major versions alone. The same design formed the basis for the Antonov A-2 and its related group of two-seat designs. Altogether, including the two-seaters, production exceeded 7,600 by 1937.
While members of the family varied in detail, they shared the same basic design, and parts were interchangeable between them. The design featured a typical primary glider layout with a conventional empennage carried at the end of a long boom in place of a conventional fuselage. The boom could be folded sideways for storage. The monoplane wing was carried high on a pylon above this "keel" and was further braced to it with two struts either side. The pilot sat in front of the wing, and was enclosed in a simple U-shaped wooden fairing that was removed by sliding it forward to allow him or her to enter and leave the craft. The undercarriage consisted of a single skid underneath the "keel", but this could also be fitted with small wooden wheels.
While the original primary training versions (designated "У" – "U") featured wings of constant chord, subsequent variants designed for soaring flight (designated "П" – "P") had longer-span wings with tapering outer panels and a streamlined nose fairing. The ultimate development in the line were gliders intended for towed flight (designated "Б" – "B"), which shared the longer wings and streamlined fairing of the P-types, but added a canopy to enclose the cockpit.
Unlicenced copies of the P-s2 were produced in Turkey following World War II by THK as the THK-7, and of the U-s4 by THK as the THK-4 and subsequently by MKEK as the MKEK-6. 
Variants.
In each case, the "s" stands for "serii" (серии – "series")

</doc>
<doc id="20079260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079260" title="Capernwray Harbour Bible School">
Capernwray Harbour Bible School

Capernwray Harbour Bible School is an evangelical Christian post-secondary institution located on Thetis Island, British Columbia, Canada.
The school was established by a Capernwray Hall alumnus, Charles Fordham, in 1979. The school offers a unique mix of indoor and outdoor classes, hosting about 140 students each year from up to 20 countries. Over the summer recess period, over 4,000 participants are usually hosted for predominantly Christian-oriented holiday courses.
The primary purpose and ministry of Capernwray is Christian education. Its goal is to offer students training in Bible study, evangelical outreach, leadership development, community living, and personal discovery through discipleship. According to school founder Charles Fordham, the mission of Capernwray is the "training of men and women to be equipped for full-time Christian service, regardless of their occupation," following the ideas expounded by Major W. Ian Thomas.
History.
The site of Capernwray Harbour Bible School was first settled by Henry Severn in 1886. Despite the school being named for a Capernwray Harbour, it is in fact located on the shores of Preedy Harbour. Severn built a log cabin on the property; the subsequent owner, H. Burchell, added Preedy Hall, one of the largest buildings on the Gulf Islands at the time, and home to a store, a chapel, and a ballroom. In 1924 the property was sold to Hans Hunter, who built the Main Hall in 1926 after a devastating fire. In 1979, Charles and Marlene Fordham formed a Board of Directors to begin operations for a Bible School on the site, signed a lease to purchase, and opened the school with an inaugural class of 77 students. Current School buildings and facilities include a gymnasium, lecture hall, outdoor amphitheatre, climbing tower, several kilometres of trails, and accommodations for 150.
Statement of Faith.
The Capernwray Statement of Faith asserts that God created man in such a way that the presence of God as Creator within a man as creature is imperative to his humanity, and that we as men can do nothing without him. Furthermore, according to the "Regenerative Purpose of God", Christ "rose again from the dead to live his life in us."
The Statement of Faith also declares that once one has truly assumed the Christian life, "Christ can then do the work in us as the Father then did the work in Him, and we let all God loose in the world; not, then just the sky, but God Himself is the limit!"
Utltimately, according to the Statement of Faith, "Jesus Christ established the fact that our spiritual union with him, as he was in spiritual union with the Father, is the true and ultimate basis of all evangelism, missions and Church planting."
Programs.
One of the principal ideas forwarded by Major Thomas, "simplicity in Christ", is emphasized in the curriculum at Capernwray. Students are encouraged engage in discipleship to enable personal discovery, eschewing academic merit in Bible study. As Thomas wrote, "If there is any situation from which you are not prepared to step back, in recognition of the total adequacy of Christ who is in you, then you are out of the will of God." 
Curriculum.
The Capernwray Bible School curriculum covers about seventy-five percent of all of the Biblical books. Essential to the Capernwray approach are the creation of journals, (ungraded summaries of lecture principles), and study projects, presentations which ensure a thorough study of the Bible and the ability to impart teachings to others.
Venture Program.
A variety of camping and recreational programs are offered to students in the initial autumn weekends of Bible School. These Venture Program activities are designed to enhance fellowship and establish and deepen relationships between the new students. The programs are conducted at a variety of regional recreational areas and ecological preserves, such as Carmanah Walbran Park, and the Pacific Rim National Park Reserve.
Conferences and Temple Tours.
Capernwray students engage in the yearly MissionsFest conference in Vancouver by filling conference administrative needs and by interacting with presenters from around the world to get a greater understanding of evangelical principles and issues. Additionally, students tour Hindu, Buddhist, and Sikh temples, and Muslim mosques to better acquaint themselves with these religions for future activities.
Outreach.
Outreach programs for students involve visits to several elementary schools, First Nations reserves, youth drop-in centres, seniors facilities, and those with needs beyond themselves. Additionally, students lead monthly church services in a medium security prison in nearby Nanaimo. Spring break outreach programs have included ministries to Seattle USA, Mexico, Japan, India, Philippines, Israel, and Italy.
Student life.
Capernwray hosts a variety of intramural sports, including soccer, basketball, floor hockey, and volleyball. Students have opportunities to participate in other outdoor adventures such as climbing wall activities, ropes course challenges, biking and mountain hiking. Students are also encouraged to organize individual team games in their free time.
Students attending the Bible School must agree to refrain from using tobacco, alcohol, and recreational drugs. A limited curfew is enforced on campus. Students are required to attend church service on a weekly basis.
Other Capernwray Programs.
Conferences and Holiday Bible Weeks.
Capernwray hosts several conferences throughout the year, including the Men's Conference, Ladies' Conference, and the Summer Breakaway for Youth. Retreats are offered for families, church groups, seniors groups, and for those wishing personal retreats.
The Holiday Bible Weeks are attended by families and individuals who are intent on sharing a Christian vacation experience. Christ-centred devotionals and talks from lecturers of international stature round out a program that includes several outdoor activity options each day. According to Program Director Charles Fordham, these sessions "combine wholesome summer vacation activities with Bible teaching devoted to deeper spiritual learning and practice."
The Holiday Bible Weeks outdoor recreational activities include ocean kayaking, waterskiing, Gulf Islands boat tours, trail hiking, trout fishing, and beachcombing. Team events such as ropes course challenges and beach volleyball are available to participants of all ages, from preschool to adult. Capernwray hosts a varied selection of facilities to support these activities. These include a fully equipped gymnasium, five kilometres of beach and forest trails, 32 stations on two challenge courses, and a 14-metre climbing wall/rappelling tower.
The devotional services are conducted in several meeting areas, which include the gymnasium, the lecture hall, and an outdoor amphitheatre.
Outdoor Education.
The Capernwray outdoor education program takes advantage of many of the same facilities, but is geared toward youth aged 10 to 18. The outdoor education process focusses on problem solving, communication skills, leadership, community, and teambuilding. In a typical group, participants are given an orientation session, then guided in various challenging and novel activities by several experienced outdoor education instructors, who have each spent on an average over five years teaching the program. Typical of such programs, the instructor establishes clear limits, expectations, and guidelines for the experience. 
The Capernwray outdoor education experience deliberately confronts learners with unfamiliar scenarios and settings. According to Chris Fordham, the Conference/Outdoor Education Coordinator and a 12-year veteran of the facility, "Individuals are encouraged to step out of their 'comfort zone' in a safe environment to engage in experiences that will change their perspective in real life contexts." In addition to its youth offerings, the centre provides professional development programs geared toward corporate teams desiring to gain an edge by discovering the deeper values of team work, problem solving and true leadership.
Individually, and as teams, participants gain a level of 'competent mastery' which is believed to enhance self-confidence and self-esteem.
A notable aspect of the Capernwray outdoor education program is its flexibility, allowing for customization of schedules according to specific needs and goals of schools or groups. Examples of this are programs designed for those with learning disabilities or physical disabilities, and special needs students.
Management.
The Capernwray Bible Centre management consists of:
Director
Charles Fordham
Conference Coordinator
Chris Fordham
Bible School Administrator
Christine Wichert

</doc>
<doc id="20079348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079348" title="For the Liberation of Brazil">
For the Liberation of Brazil

For the Liberation of Brazil is a Marxist tract on guerrilla warfare written by Carlos Marighella. First published in France as "Carlos Marighela: Pour la Libération du Brésil"' presented by Conrad Detrez, Editions du Seuil, 1970. In March 1970 the 'Journal Official' announced that the sale and distribution of the book throughout French territory would be forbidden.
It was then published in English by Penguin Books in 1971 as part of their "Pelican Latin American Library" series and with more material than the French version. This edition was translated by John Butt & Rosemary Sheed with an "Introduction" by Richard Gott (P. 7- 15).
The first part of the book provides a timeline of events that includes actions taken by the Revolutionary Movement 8th October.
The second part consists of articles written in 1966 before he left the Brazilian Communist Party including his resignation letter penned on December 10, 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20079386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079386" title="Soentgerath">
Soentgerath

Soentgerath is a surname originating in the town of Söntgerath in eastern Germany. The English spelling is Soentgerath due to the ö making an "oe" sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20079399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079399" title="1986 Houston Oilers season">
1986 Houston Oilers season

The 1986 Houston Oilers season was the 27th season overall and 17th with the National Football League (NFL). The team matched their previous season's output of 5–11, and missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20079400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079400" title="Toxteth Dock railway station">
Toxteth Dock railway station

Toxteth Dock railway station was on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name and the Brunswick Goods station on the Cheshire Lines railway. It was situated above a London Midland & Scottish goods railway station.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury and station closed, along with the rest of the line, on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079416" title="2002 Bavarian Cup">
2002 Bavarian Cup

The 2002 Bavarian Cup was the fifth edition of this competition which was started in 1998. It ended with the FC Bayern Munich II winning the competition. Together with the finalist, Jahn Regensburg, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2002-03. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2002 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2001-02.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2002-03.
The two clubs, FC Bayern Munich II and Jahn Regensburg, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2002-03 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20079442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079442" title="Brunswick Dock railway station">
Brunswick Dock railway station

Brunswick Dock railway station was on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to Brunswick Dock and in close proximity to the Cheshire Lines Committee's extensive goods yard of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by Robert Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of the station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079456" title="Vrtojba">
Vrtojba

Vrtojba () is a settlement in the Municipality of Šempeter–Vrtojba in the Slovene Littoral region of Slovenia. A border crossing into Italy is located here. On the Italian side of the border, opposite Vrtojba, is the suburb of San Andrea (), now part of the town of Gorizia ().
Vrtojba was first mentioned in the early 13th century as "Toyfa", "Toyua", or "Tojva" in a list of properties belonging to the Counts of Gorizia. Its etymology is unknown, but is likely of pre-Slavic origin. By 1350 it was listed as "Vertoib". The population increased in the 16th and 17th centuries with settlers from areas further south affected by Ottoman raids moving to the fertile countryside around Gorizia.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, Vrtojba became known for its early season vegetables and potatoes with regular supply to the markets of Gorizia and beyond. Although this fame still continues to some extent today, industrialization of Nova Gorica after the Second World War meant workers also settled in the village and the urban expansion in recent decades has virtually turned Vrtojba into the southern suburbs of Nova Gorica.

</doc>
<doc id="20079465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079465" title="Wapping Dock railway station">
Wapping Dock railway station

Wapping Dock railway station was on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956.
No evidence of this station remains, save for a small number of supporting columns set into the walls at Wapping.

</doc>
<doc id="20079516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079516" title="James Street (LOR) railway station">
James Street (LOR) railway station

James Street was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, located just south of its namesake, within the city centre, close to the still open Merseyrail James Street station.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line, on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079522" title="Engineer Special Brigade (United States)">
Engineer Special Brigade (United States)

Engineer Special Brigades were amphibious forces of the United States Army developed during World War II. Initially designated Engineer Amphibian Brigades, the first four brigades were redesignated ESBs in 1943.
Concept and Development.
At the onset of direct American involvement in World War II, it was obvious that the U.S. military would need a large strategic and tactical amphibious capability. In 1941, the United States' amphibious forces were divided into two corps: one Atlantic; one Pacific. Both amphibious corps were combined Army and Marine Corps commands, administered by the U.S. Navy. The Atlantic Corps consisted of the 1st Infantry Division and the 1st Marine Division, and the Pacific Corps consisted of the 3rd Infantry Division and the 2nd Marine Division. As this set-up quickly proved itself unwieldy, the Joint Staff surprisingly appointed the U.S. Army, and not the Marine Corps, to develop doctrine for sustained amphibious operations. On May 20, 1942, the Army activated its Amphibious Training Command at Camp Edwards, Massachusetts. Subsequently, the Army also activated the Engineer Amphibian Command.
Initially, the Amphibious Training Command (later, Amphibious Training Center) was tasked to train no fewer than 12 Army divisions (including 1 armored division) in amphibious operations. As the war progressed, the Marine Corps expanded to six divisions and the Army and the Navy began to fight over the procurement and assignment of landing craft and other amphibious assault equipment, resulting in the Army's decision to ultimately close the Amphibious Training Center. Per its agreement with the Navy, the Army continued to train Engineer Amphibian Brigades, for while the Marine Corps was adept at the initial waves of amphibious assaults, the Marine Corps had yet to create an effective doctrine concerning subsequent support waves. This task fell to the EABs.
Deployment and Subordinate Units.
The 1st, 5th, and 6th Engineer Special Brigades were assigned to the European Theater of Operations, while the 2nd and 4th Engineer Special Brigades were assigned to the Pacific Theater of Operations. The 3rd Engineer Special Brigade was assigned directly to the Amphibious Training Center; responsible for the training of various Army units in amphibious warfare until the dissolution of the Amphibious Training Center. It was then assigned to the Pacific Theater of Operations. The 1st Engineer Special Brigade was the only ESB to fight in both theaters of the war.
The various subordinate Engineer Boat, Engineer Amphibian, and Engineer Shore regiments were all redesignated as Engineer Boat & Shore Regiments (EB&SR) by the end of the war.
1st Engineer Special Brigade.
1st Engineer Special Brigade was activated on June 15, 1942, at Camp Edwards, Massachusetts as the 1st Engineer Amphibian Brigade. Due to necessity, it was pulled from the Amphibious Training Center early and sent to England, arriving in August 1942. In December of that year, it landed in North Africa, where it was redesignated the 1st Engineer Special Brigade, and subsequently participated in the assaults on Sicily and Italy. In December 1943, the 1st ESB returned to England. In 1944, under the command of James E. Wharton, the 1st ESB participated in the Invasion of Normandy (Utah Beach). The brigade operated as Utah Beach Command until October 23, 1944, when it began its transition to the Pacific Theater of Operations. It participated in the assault on Okinawa and was inactivated in Korea on February 18, 1946.
2nd Engineer Special Brigade.
2nd Engineer Special Brigade was activated on June 20, 1942, at Camp Edwards, as the 2nd Engineer Amphibian Brigade. The brigade arrived in Australia on April 17, 1943, where it was redesignated an Engineer Special Brigade. It participated in the assault on Leyte on October 20, 1944, and returned to the United States on December 16, 1945. The 2nd ESB was deactivated the following year.
3rd Engineer Special Brigade.
Commanded for almost the entire war by David Ayres Depue Ogden, the 3rd Engineer Special Brigade was activated on August 6, 1942, at Camp Edwards, as the 3rd Engineer Amphibian Brigade. It was transferred to Fort Ord, California, where it was redesignated an Engineer Special Brigade. The 3rd ESB landed on New Guinea on February 24, 1944; Biak Island on September 30; and the Philippine Islands on July 24, 1945. It returned to the United States on December 20, 1945, and was inactivated two days later.
4th Engineer Special Brigade.
4th Engineer Special Brigade was activated on February 1, 1943, at Fort Devens, Massachusetts, as the 4th Engineer Amphibian Brigade. In 1943, the brigade was redesignated an Engineer Special Brigade and transitioned to Camp Stoneman, California. The 4th ESB arrived in New Guinea on May 18, 1944, and participated in the assaults on Morotai Island, Netherland East Indies (September 15, 1944) and Lingayen Gulf, Luzon (January 9, 1945). The brigade was inactivated in Japan on April 15, 1946.
5th Engineer Special Brigade.
5th Engineer Special Brigade was formed from Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 1119th Engineer Combat Group on November 12, 1943, at Swansea, Wales. 5th ESB participated in the Invasion of Normandy (Omaha Beach) and operated Omaha Beach until November 19, 1944. On January 4, 1945, the brigade was transferred to the Seine section of Paris, where it supervised construction activities. It returned to the United States on July 11, 1945, and was inactivated at Camp Gordon Johnston, Florida, on October 20 of that year.
6th Engineer Special Brigade.
6th Engineer Special Brigade was formed from HHC, 1116th Engineer Combat Group on May 15, 1944, in England. The brigade participated in the Invasion of Normandy (Omaha Beach) and operated Omaha Beach until Christmas Eve, 1944. 6th ESB moved into France on New Year's Day, 1945, and remained there until redeploying to the United States on July 14, 1945. The brigade arrived in the United States on July 23, 1945, and was inactivated at Camp Gordon Johnston on October 20 of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20079525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079525" title="Pier Head railway station">
Pier Head railway station

Pier Head was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway. Opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury, it was located close to the landing stage of the Mersey Ferry, and next to the land on which the Royal Liver Building was built a few years later, within the city centre.
The station was the busiest railway station on the whole overhead network.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.
In 2012 Liverpool Museum constructed a replica of Pier Head station with an original train on the platform.

</doc>
<doc id="20079552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079552" title="DJCXL">
DJCXL

DJCXL is a New Zealand Hip hop DJ, producer and member of the band Ill Semantics. He is the 2003 NZ Disco Mix Club Champion.
He has collaborated with many New Zealand and International artists on various tracks including King Kapisi's "Second Round KO" and "Dazzling DJ" with Black Wall Street Japan's S.H.O. He also remixed Chicago Producer Mulatto Patriot's "International Connection", which featured Eternia, De:Joeso, and DJ Goersch.
His debut album (as a solo producer) was due in late 2010. The first single from the album - "My Love" - featured R&B artist J Williams and rapper The Gift. The track was released to NZ radio in the third week of January 2010.
In 2012, DJCXL was the supporting act for New Zealand boy band, Titanium on their Come On Home Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20079553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079553" title="Princes Dock railway station">
Princes Dock railway station

Princes Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, on 13 March 1941, due to extensive damage during the World War II Blitz. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079555" title="History of San Diego State University">
History of San Diego State University

The history of San Diego State University began in the late 19th century with the establishment of a normal school in San Diego, California. Founded on March 13, 1897, the school opened on November 1, 1898 with a class of 135 students. By 1921, the school had become San Diego State Teachers College, allowing it to grant certificates and degrees. Due to the increased student enrollment, the college was relocated to its current location at the east side of Mission Valley, with classes beginning in February 1931. The government works programs during the Great Depression assisted in construction of numerous buildings on the new campus.
World War I and II both affected student enrollment, and led many students and faculty members to serve in the armed forces. By the end of the 1950s, the student population was at 10,000, and the renamed San Diego State College was now the fourth largest California state institution. In the 1960s and 1970s the campus saw increased enrollment, the accreditation of its professional schools, multiple incidents of student activism, and on January 1, 1974, a new name: San Diego State University (SDSU). By 1987, the university's population peaked at nearly 36,000 students and attained the status of the largest university in California and tenth in the nation.
Recently, the university has worked to improve its academic rankings, and faced adversities including a school shooting and a large drug bust. As the university continues to grant numerous degrees in various fields, it has developed several construction plans for replacement of some of its older buildings and infrastructure.
Establishment.
In the late 1890s, San Diego officials believed that a normal school should be established to help the town grow and increase certification of teachers. The tuition and travel for out-of-town normal schools were large and San Diegans desired to have a closer school. San Diego had to compete with Fresno, Los Angeles, and several other cities for a school, and its first attempt to establish one was vetoed by California governor James Budd. On March 13, 1897 Governor Budd changed course and signed legislation appropriating $50,000 to allow for the establishment of a state normal school in San Diego, to be located in University Heights. By 1905, total funds appropriated to the school totaled $333,300.
The Board of Trustees for San Diego Normal School was established by Budd and first met on June 3, 1897. They appointed Samuel T. Black, who had previously served as the California Superintendent for Public Instruction, as president of the new school by unanimous decision on October 1, 1898. On January 21, 1898, the San Diego firm Hebbard and Gill was selected to design the new school building. The architect Irving Gill, who developed the building in a Beaux-Arts style, was responsible for the design. The ground was broken for construction on August 1, the cornerstone of the building was laid on December 10, and the building was dedicated on May 1, 1899. During the building's construction, the first classes were held at the Hill Block on the southwest corner of 6th and F street in downtown San Diego beginning on November 1, 1898. The classes moved to the Normal School in May 1899, even as construction continued. 135 students (90% of whom were women), were enrolled by the end of the first year; enrollment grew to 400 by 1910.
In the summer of 1899, San Diego Normal School became the first California normal school to offer summer courses, and maintained this position until 1913. On June 21, 1900, the first class was graduated: 23 women and three men. Later that year, the east wing of the initial building was finished, adding 18 rooms. In 1903, $61,000 was appropriated by the state for a west wing; it included a gym, library, laboratories, lecture rooms, and a museum. The west wing was completed in September 1904. In 1906, the California legislature required that students have a high school diploma in order to be admitted to a normal school. This was the same requirement as for entry into the University of California.
In 1910, Samuel Black resigned, and was replaced by Edward L. Hardy, who had previously served as the principal of San Diego High School. He increased the faculty size from 19 to 27 in 1912 to meet the demands of increased enrollment. The annual salary for the president increased to $4,000 (from $3,400) in 1915 and salaries for the faculty and administration ranged from $600–2,500 (compared to the national average of $687 for all industries except for farm labor). Hardy argued for the pay increases, claiming increases would "give merited and much needed relief... will be entirely justified by the increased good of the service." More buildings were added after appropriations of funds in 1907 and total expenditures for the campus reached $312,000. Even with the expansion, by 1910 space was limited, so the training school dropped the high school program, although it still taught the elementary and intermediate grades (7th and 8th grades). In 1914, of the 136 new students for the school year, 17 were from California counties (excluding San Diego), while 26 were from other states. This proportion would remain common throughout the school's history as the majority of its students were from the San Diego area.
World War I.
World War I had a large impact on the school. A newfound sense of patriotism had the administration require students to recite the Pledge of Allegiance as an entrance requirement to the school. The war also had an effect on enrollment as all of the male students gradually left the school to join the war efforts; in 1916 there were 421 total students, 382 in 1917, 172 in 1918 (including only one male student), and in 1919, 147 students. In addition to the students, some of the faculty members joined the military. Due to the decreased student enrollment, the remaining faculty had the opportunity to further their own training. On campus, both students and faculty worked with the Red Cross, organized bond drives, and sent packages to troops overseas.
During this period, Hardy pushed the notion of granting the school college status. In 1921, the California legislature made the school a four-year teacher's school, which placed it under the management of the State Department of Education. On July 28, 1921, the San Diego Normal School became San Diego State Teachers College (usually shortened to San Diego State College or SDS). With this ranking, the college could now grant certificates and degrees. Prior to the school's conversion, it had graduated 1,500 teachers, educated many of the San Diego children at its training school, and helped to expand the economic and cultural development of the city. Also in 1921, the legislature moved San Diego Junior College, that was a part of San Diego High School, to the college campus due to crowding issues. Administrators moved the junior college believing it would only overlap the same material taught at the teacher's school. The junior college remained with the school until 1947, when it became independent.
On June 30, 1923 the legislature allowed the college to begin granting Bachelor of Arts degrees, which included accountancy, agriculture, and industrial engineering. On July 1, 1927, the junior college courses became lower-division courses and on July 12, 1928 the State Board of Education granted the college the ability to offer credentials in secondary education with majors in English, history, chemistry, and the Romance languages.
Move to current location.
The Normal School was initially built for a maximum capacity of 600 students. Hardy proposed in 1922 building on a new campus at a plot at Park Boulevard (near Balboa Park), which was rejected by San Diego voters. However, the California legislature authorized a move to a new site in 1925 if San Diego was willing to buy the old school building and provide a new site. The following year the Citizen's Advisory Committee, a 21-member committee led by Mayor John L. Bacon, initially recommended the northeast part of Balboa Park that would be located over , but the location was voted down by San Diego voters. In 1927, another location was selected, this time in Encanto, but was also voted down. In total, ten locations would be proposed before the final location was chosen. By June 1928, the Bell-Lloyd Investment Company offered at Mission Palisades, $50,000, and a promise to build a road connecting the site to El Cajon Blvd. The site was located at the east side of Mission Valley, about away from the old site. The group proposed the site in hopes of it being the center of a new retail and housing development. Before the new site could be built, San Diego voters had to approve of buying the old site, which it did overwhelmingly on May 15, 1928. After the move to the new campus, the old Normal School building was used for Horace Mann Junior High and administrative offices. In 1955, it was demolished to make room for a new wing of an administrative building.
George B. McDougall was selected as the supervising architect and the State Department of Architecture for Public Buildings designed the new campus. The initial planned cost was $7,500,000. On October 7, 1929 classes were dismissed early so all current students could attend the groundbreaking held on that day. Pettifer & Hupt was selected as the construction firm, and it completed several buildings by September 1930. The first classes made up of 1,220 students were held at Montezuma Mesa in February 1931.
The Great Depression, although negative to the local economy, also benefited the San Diego State Teachers College, as the federal government made money available for construction projects in an attempt to stimulate the economy. For the campus, some of these construction projects included new buildings (such as a $500,000 stadium completed in 1936 and a $200,000 open air theater completed in 1941), facilities, and art works. Several federal programs were also created to give jobs to students and to increase financial aid.
In June 1935, President Hardy retired and was replaced by Walter R. Hepner. The bell tower on campus was named in honor of Hardy in 1976. On September 15, 1935, as a result of the California legislature dropping "teachers" from the names of state colleges, San Diego State Teachers College became San Diego State College (SDSC). In 1935 the college began offering engineering courses. During that period, the college acquired $18,000 from the state for the purpose of purchasing an additional .
World War II.
Just as World War I had a significant impact on the college, World War II was pivotal in the college's history too. Within four days of the attack on Pearl Harbor, thirteen students withdrew from the college to join the military. The enrollment dropped from 2,077 students in 1940 to a low of 860 students (21% were men) in spring 1943. Faculty decreased to as low as 60 from 112 before the war had begun. Before the war was over, 3,500 SDSC graduates, students, former students, and faculty entered the armed forces, with 135 losing their lives. Not surprisingly for a city dominated by a naval base, a large majority joined the Navy. Others joined the Air Corps, participating in the Doolittle Raid over Japan and battles over the Philippines and the East Indies.
In 1942, the campus became a War Information Center, one of 140 in the nation. The center was established to boost civilian morale and practice air raid drills. Rationing on campus of sugar, gas, soft drinks, and paper became common throughout the war. Classes were cut back due to the limited staff and the courses were shifted to more scientific and technological emphasis. The majority of the sports were canceled during the war and various drives were held to increase supplies sent to troops.
As the war neared its end, enrollment increased, until it reached 2,000 students in 1946. Nearly half of these students were veterans from the war, and they received a monthly stipend to assist with housing and tuition costs. Sports and activities resumed to their prior levels and by the end of 1940s, the faculty had expanded to 230 personnel and 40 part-time staff.
In 1946, Hepner grouped the various disciplines into seven divisions: Education, Fine Arts, Humanities, Social Sciences, Life Sciences, Physical Sciences, and Health, Physical Education, and Recreation. In 1950, the college awarded its first Master’s degree, and by the end of the decade offered Master’s degrees in 38 areas. On May 23, 1947, Governor Earl Warren signed legislation making SDSC an official four-year liberal arts institution.
Postwar changes and expansion.
In 1952 President Hepner retired, and was replaced by Malcolm A. Love, who previously served as president of the University of Nevada (since 1950). At this point, the college had more than 4,800 students, 222 faculty members, offered 27 majors, had a budget of $2,010,000 and contributed more than $14,000,000 to the local San Diego economy.
By the end of the 1950s, the student population was over 10,000, placing it as the fourth largest California state institution and larger than 96% of the U.S.’s colleges and universities at the time. In 1957, entering freshmen scores on examinations were ranked in the top 10% of all universities in the U.S. In the following years, the college’s scores also surpassed most of the other California state colleges. In 1957 the college became the first to use an identification number for each student, which was necessary to simplify handling of records, grades, and other tasks of the large number of students. To keep up with student expansion, the square footage of the buildings and classrooms was increased from 255,434 to 1,243,737.
In 1959, the school began offering classes at Central Union High School in El Centro as part of its Imperial Valley branch. The campus remained focused on teacher training until the mid-1970s. In 1960, the school became the first California state college to have an educational radio station, KPBS-FM.
Before World War II, less than 25% of the faculty had doctorates, and in an attempt to reach university status for the school, the 1956 Statement of General Policy on Employment of Faculty stipulated that incoming faculty had to have their doctorates (or soon receive one) in order to be hired. By the end of the 1950s, 56% of permanent faculty had doctorates. By the beginning of 1965 this had increased to 68%.
During the Red Scare, psychology professor Harry C. Steinmetz was accused of being a Communist. San Diego representatives persuaded the California legislature along with Governor Earl Warren to attempt to remove him from his teaching position. After the State Board of Education was unable to get an answer from Steinmetz about whether or not he was a Communist, he was dismissed on February 5, 1954. He attempted to be reinstated but never was even after the legislation that had been developed during the Red Scare was later deemed unconstitutional.
On July 1, 1961 as a result of the Donahue Act, SDSC became a part of the California State College system which included a new set of regulations for the school, along with a statewide board of trustees and a chancellor. The school continued to grow, with a population of 10,700 in 1960 and 25,500 in 1970. The San Diego county administrator Fred Morey reflected on so many graduates being hired by the county: "We would find it difficult to keep the County running without the help of San Diego State."
John F. Kennedy, then the U.S. President, gave the graduation commencement address at Aztec Bowl in front of 40,000 people on June 6, 1963. Kennedy was given an honorary doctorate degree in law at the ceremony, making San Diego State the first in California to award an honorary doctorate degree. To commemorate his visit, the campus added his portrait to the campus library collection and a granite stone marker placed where his helicopter landed (California Historical Landmark #798). In April 2008, a plaque that commemorated his visit was stolen and has yet to be recovered. On May 29, 1964 Martin Luther King Jr. spoke at the Open Air Theater about proposed legislation in improving rights for African Americans.
In 1965, San Diego State began offering a doctorate in chemistry in a joint effort with University of California, San Diego. By 1991, the campus had eight different doctorate programs. Research became a vital practice of the faculty during the 1960s. By 1965, more than 200 books had been authored by SDSC faculty. Federal research grants increased from $398,202 in 1961 to $1,184,387 in 1967. Faculty research included medical and scientific research, teacher enhancement, Peace Corps training, and a review of nursing curricula.
In 1966, the Carnegie Corporation named President Love one of the best college Presidents in the country. President Love changed the structure of the college, developing its divisions into professional schools, which would allow them to be accredited. The schools were developed into colleges, which increased the possibility of SDSC of becoming a university. He reflected on San Diego State’s progress in a "Time" magazine article: "Though we are called a college, we are in deed and in fact a university."
Throughout the late 1960s and early 1970s there were numerous protests, sit-ins, and radical changes in traditions among the students. Author Raymond Starr called this period "...the liveliest, most colorful, and most challenging in State’s history." Students mainly protested racism and the war in Vietnam. In March 1970, 600 students held a week-long sit-in in protest of the decision of the campus leaders not to rehire four radical instructors. Protests expanded to the presence of Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC), military recruiters, the Police Community Relations Training Institute, among others. Significant speakers visited the campus during the time including Cesar Chavez, Jane Fonda, Angela Davis, Donald Freed, Joan Baez, and Jerry Brown. On April 20, 1972, 75 demonstrators took ROTC students hostage while they were taking an examination in the Business Administration and Math building. Although there was some violence, the students were released peacefully. On May 3, 1972, 35 protesters (later growing to 2,000) smashed windows of the Administration building and burned copies of "The Daily Aztec", the student newspaper. Protesters eventually entered the locked building and set fires on the first floor, and moved on to Aztec Center to set more fires and break windows. The mayhem resulted in six injuries and several thousand dollars in damages. On May 24, 1972 a bomb exploded in Tarastec Hall, injuring Lawrence Jackson, an African American student. A group of African American students marched on campus to show support for Jackson.
In 1970, the college established a women's studies department. It was the first college to do so in the nation, and other colleges and universities began adding departments of their own (Cornell University added a department in the same year).
In early 1971, President Love retired. With the extraordinary growth of students, faculty and facilities, there were plans for new library to be named in honor of him, which was dedicated in May 1971. After a brief unsuccessful nomination of Walter Waetjen to replace Dr. Love, and Academic Vice President Walker acting as president for 1971–72, Brage Golding became the new president. He served from 1972 to 1977, and although he did not implement any mainstream changes as prior presidents had, he was instrumental in bringing in qualified administrators that would improve the school during its upcoming years. He worked to establish the San Diego History Research Center for collecting materials on the city's history and established the Educational Growth Opportunities program which offered classes for older people. At Golding's leaving of the university, one person commented: "By the end of the five-year administration, San Diego State University had grown into the institution implied by its name. This was the mark that Brage Golding left on San Diego State University."
Golding left to lead Kent State, and with a brief intermission of Academic Vice President Trevor Colbourn serving as president, Thomas B. Day became the sixth president in 1978. When Proposition 13 passed, the school faced budget issues and Day proposed abolishing some departments, combining others, and laying off approximately 80 faculty members. However, budget cuts were deemed not necessary, and on April 8, 1980, Day again proposed cutting 115 faculty members and four departments due to foreseeing upcoming budget cuts; on May 16, 1980 he recanted his comments.
President Love had fought hard throughout his tenure to increase SDSC's ranking from a college to a university. In 1972, the California legislature approved the renaming of the school to "California State University, San Diego". San Diego State officials were still not happy with the name, and on January 1, 1974, it was renamed to "San Diego State University" (SDSU), its current name.
Modern history.
In 1987, the school reached its peak attendance with 35,945 students, resulting in SDSU being the largest university in California and 10th in the nation. Due to the overwhelming number of students and available facilities and majors, the California State University Board of Trustees decided to limit enrollment to 33,000. However, in 1993, enrollment dropped to 26,800, the lowest attendance since 1973 as a result of the budget crisis of 1991.
In 1984, the "California Higher Education Journal" ranked SDSU as first among the CSU campuses and "U.S. News and World Report" ranked the school among the top five comprehensive universities in the west in 1983, third in 1985, and in the top fifteen in 1989. In the 1980s, the College of Business' School of Accountancy was the only accredited accountancy program in California. Throughout the decade students scored the highest score on the Certified Public Accountancy (CPA) exam three times, and by 1990 was second in the nation (after the University of Texas) for graduates passing the CPA exam.
In January 1987, "Playboy" ranked SDSU as the 3rd best party school in the nation, which appalled some administrators, and amused students. The ranking was determined on a number of factors including the education offered at the university, social opportunities, the male–female ratio, and off-campus activities located near the campus. Some students feared that the ranking would diminish the quality of their degree. In 2002 it dropped to tenth place, and in 2005 was included again without a specific rank, before jumping to fifth place in 2006.
The Graduate School of Public Health was first offered to students in 1981, and was one of only 24 accredited schools of public health in the nation and the only one in the CSU system in 1995. President Day considered it the major achievement of his administration, and it provided training in hospitals, public health agencies, health maintenance organizations, ambulatory care, and mental health facilities.
In the 1990s, the College of Business was the fourth largest undergraduate program in the U.S. By 1989–90 SDSU was granting over 1,100 Master’s degrees and 10 doctoral degrees a year.
When President Day retired in July 1996, SDSU's incoming freshman had a 38% success rate in graduating from the university within six years. Day was replaced by the university's seventh president, Stephen Weber. Just one month later, on August 15, in what is known as the "San Diego State University shooting," a 36-year-old graduate student pulled out a handgun while defending his thesis and killed three professors. The student pleaded guilty and is serving a life sentence prison term. On August 23, 2003, a memorial was dedicated to the three professors that included three trees along with a set of three tables and benches.
On July 10, 2005 a new trolley station opened on the SDSU campus, after construction began in 1999. The station connected students and faculty with other areas in San Diego county and helped to combat the low availability of parking around campus. The $103 million station was just one of the university's several construction projects that occurred in the 2000s. Starting in the late 1990s, a $500 million College Community Redevelopment Project led to the development of the $8.5 million Piedra del Sol Apartments, the $14.3 million Fraternity Row, and future developments of a $15 million Sorority Row, a $150 million Paseo retail, office, and apartment project, as well as a $125 million research and office park. In 2003, a pedestrian bridge opened, connecting several of the dorms to the main campus. In the same year, the campus's most technologically advanced and largest classroom (capable of holding 500 students) was completed. Through 2008 and 2009, the campus began work on constructing a new alumni center, expanding Aztec Center, and modifying Storm Hall and Nasitir Hall to add more office and classroom space.
In June 2007, SDSU was deemed the number one small research university in the nation. The ranking was determined based on faculty productivity, honorary awards, publications in journals, and number of research grants received. At any point, the campus usually has around 800 studies in progress in various fields. A 2007 study revealed that the campus has an economic impact of $2.4 billion on the San Diego region. Due to projections of current and future growth, the study indicated that the school's economic impact is expected to increase to $4.5 billion by 2025.
On May 6, 2008, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) announced the arrest of 96 individuals, of whom 75 were San Diego State University students, on a variety of drug charges in a multiple-month narcotics sting called Operation Sudden Fall. Two kilograms of cocaine were seized, along with 50 pounds of marijuana, 350 Ecstasy pills, hash oil, methamphetamine, other drug paraphernalia, three guns, and $60,000 in cash. Several months after the May 6 announcement, it was reported that the majority of the defendants had pleaded guilty to the felony charges. The defendants were then either placed on probation or were required to enter drug diversion programs. Other defendants only received citations or had their cases dismissed.
In 2010, after 15 years as president, Weber announced his upcoming retirement for the following year. Weber was credited for improving the graduation rate; in 2003, 66% of freshmen were graduating within six years. In May 2011, University of Maryland Baltimore County senior vice president Elliot Hirshman was named by the CSU Board of Trustees to replace Weber. Hirshman assumed his appointed role as president in July.

</doc>
<doc id="20079557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079557" title="Clarence Dock railway station">
Clarence Dock railway station

Clarence Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No trace of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079560" title="Charles Shorey House">
Charles Shorey House

The Charles Shorey House is a two-story wood home on Main Street in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Completed about 1908, the Queen Anne style structure was built by Charles Shorey. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
History.
Charles Shorey was born in 1850 in Waterville, Maine, and moved to Washington County, Oregon, in 1878. Around 1908 he purchased on Main Street in Hillsboro from Wesley W. Boscow for $857. Formerly part of the Boscow Dairy Farm, Shorey used the land to build a home for his family. Once complete he moved the family from their homestead near Mountaindale on Dairy Creek. The family included his wife Sarah and daughter Eliza Jane.
A carpenter, Charles died in 1934 followed by Sarah in 1938. The home remained in the family with Eliza living there until she died in the 1950s. She preserved the home, and later owners renovated the house in 1987. By 1989 the Slansky family owned the property, and on June 16 of that year the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places as an example of a middle class home from turn of the century Hillsboro.
Details.
The home is a cross-shaped structure featuring the mixture of both a gambrel roof and a gable roof. Primarily Queen Anne in style, the two-story wood building also has features of the Colonial Revival style. The exterior contains horizontal board siding, some fish-scale shingles, a wraparound porch, and other decorative accents. These accents include jigsawn brackets and turned-posts on the porch.
Much of the exterior remains as it was with the original building materials still intact, including lead windows. The interior is also largely in original condition including the main stairway that has turned balusters. Fir wainscot is present throughout most of the home, which the interior design is of an Arts and Crafts style design.

</doc>
<doc id="20079592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079592" title="Nelson Dock railway station">
Nelson Dock railway station

Nelson Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened in May 1896 and replaced nearby Sandon Dock, which was closed at the same time.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079645" title="Sandon Dock railway station">
Sandon Dock railway station

Sandon Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station was an early closure, closing in May 1896, to be replaced by nearby Huskisson Dock and Nelson Dock, located to the north and south respectively. No trace of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079648" title="Huskisson Dock railway station">
Huskisson Dock railway station

Huskisson Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened in May 1896 and replaced nearby Sandon Dock station, which was closed at the same time.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079654" title="Pondicherry urban area">
Pondicherry urban area

Pondicherry urban is the urban agglomeration area of Pondicherry region Territory Of Puducherry and a B-2 class city, which compromises Municipalities of Pondicherry (city) and Oulgaret and urban areas of Villianur and Ariyankuppam Commune Panchayats.
Area-71 km2
Population-5,05,959.
There are two proposals by the Puducherry govt 1. To merge Pondicherry and Oulgaret Municipalities, & upgrade Pondicherry municipality into a municipal corporation. 2. To upgrade Villianur & Ariyankuppam Commune Panchayats into Municipalities.
which would increase the Pondicherry region's urban area around 155 km2. of the total 292 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="20079656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079656" title="Acuariidae">
Acuariidae

Acuariidae is a family of spirurian nematodes. Like all nematodes, they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system. They are the only family in superfamily Acuarioidea, and number about 40 genera and 300 species, most of which are parasites of birds.
Genera.
Several genera, particularly in the Seuratiinae, are monotypic. At least some of them are liable to be invalid.
Subfamily Acuariinae Railliet, Henry & Sisoff, 1912
Subfamily Schistorophinae Travassos, 1918
Subfamily Seuratiinae Chitwood & Wehr, 1932
Incertae sedis

</doc>
<doc id="20079658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079658" title="Lita dela Rosa">
Lita dela Rosa

Lita dela Rosa is a Filipino World champion in Tenpin Bowling from Cebu, Philippines.
Lita won the Bowling World Cup in Bogota, Colombia, in 1978. In 1979 IX Fédération Internationale des Quilleurs World Championship that was held in Manila, Philippines (at the Celebrity Sports Plaza), she won the Gold medal in Women Single, as well as the prestigious Masters title. She won another Gold medal in Women Doubles teamed up with country woman Bong Coo, and added another Silver medal in Trios with Coo and Nellie Castillo. She is the first lady bowler to hold both world titles at the same time.
In the following world championships in 1983 X Fédération Internationale des Quilleurs held in Caracas Venezuela, Lita, Bong Coo and Arianne Cerdena took another crack at the Trios but tied with the United States team for the Silver medal.
In the 1979 5th FIQ Asian Zone Championships at Ploenshit Bowling Center in Bangkok, Lita combined with Nellie Castillo for the Women Doubles Gold medal.
She died in July, 1994 after undergoing heart bypass operation. She was honored by the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) for faithfully serving it for 32 years. She retired on April,1994 with the rank of Technical Assistant in the GSIS Manpower Development Division.
Dela Rosa is only one of two women who have won the AMF Bowling World Cup and the FIQ/WTBA Masters in successive years (the other is Annette Hagre Johansson of Sweden (1986 AMF Bowling World Cup, 1987 FIQ/WTBA Masters)).
She was elected to the WBW International Bowling Hall of Fame on 2000.
Dela Rosa was also one of the best Duckpin bowlers in the Philippine, also having won the silver medal at the WOrld CUp of Duckpin.

</doc>
<doc id="20079665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079665" title="Comics in education">
Comics in education

The use of comics in education is based on the concept of creating engagement and motivation for students. The effectiveness of comics as medium for effective learning and development has been the subject of debate since the origin modern comic book in the 1930s. Sones (1944) notes that comics "evoked more than a hundred critical articles in educational and non-professional periodicals."
The use of comics in education would later attract the attention of Fredric Wertham who noted that the use of comics in education represented "an all-time low in American science."
It has been noted that the use of a narrative form such as a comic "can foster pupils' interest in science" and help students remember what they have learnt and providing a means of fostering discussion. However, it has also been noted that many educators remain "ambivalent" about the use of comic books as an educational tool. Comics have also been used as a medium to communicate health care information on subjects such as diabetes. 
In the USA, the use of comics for education, using the Internet, can be seen on Comics in the Classroom, and the state of Maryland's Comic Book Initiative. Teacher professional development content on how teachers can integrate comics into the classroom is available through the State of California Department of Education's Brokers of Expertis website [http://myboe.org/portal/default/Content/Viewer/Content;jsessionid=y8iNl8CeqhEb3zl6cDzfMw**?action=2&scId=100191].

</doc>
<doc id="20079666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079666" title="Canada Dock (LOR) railway station">
Canada Dock (LOR) railway station

Canada Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, situated sixteen feet above street level adjacent to the dock, and LNWR station of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956, and the whole line and stations were demolished a year later. Nothing remains of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20079676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079676" title="Langton Dock railway station">
Langton Dock railway station

Langton Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened in May 1896.
The station closed on 5 March 1906. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079687" title="Brocklebank Dock railway station">
Brocklebank Dock railway station

Brocklebank Dock was a railway station on the Liverpool Overhead Railway, adjacent to the dock of the same name.
It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079762" title="Leslie Edward Wostall Codd">
Leslie Edward Wostall Codd

Leslie Edward Wostall Codd (16 September 1908 Vants Drift, Dundee District, Natal – 2 March 1999 Pretoria), was a South African plant taxonomist.
He attended the Natal University College where he obtained an M.Sc in 1928. He continued his studies at Cambridge University in 1929, and the "Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture" in Trinidad in 1930, where he met his future wife, Cynthia. He worked with the Department of Agriculture in British Guiana between 1931 and 1936. In 1937 he was appointed to the Pasture Research Section of the Department of Agriculture in Pretoria. In 1941 he was awarded a D.Sc degree by the University of South Africa.
In 1945 he assumed the post of Officer-in-Charge at the "Prinshof Experiment Station" in the "Division of Botany", where he was involved with the selection, growing and testing of pasture grasses. At the same time he was in charge of the "Botanical Survey of South Africa."
While stationed at Prinshof he frequently visited the Kruger National Park on plant collecting trips. He saw the need for an informal botanical guide to the reserve and in 1951 produced "Trees and Shrubs of the Kruger National Park", one of the most popular items in the series "Memoirs of the Botanical Survey of South Africa". With librarian Mary Gunn, he co-authored "Botanical Exploration of Southern Africa" in 1981, a history of the country's plant collecting, collectors and early botanical illustrations.
He succeeded Robert Allen Dyer as director of the "Botanical Research Institute" from 1963 until his retirement in 1973, and worked in the "Flora Research Section" thereafter. 
Codd is commemorated in numerous specific names including "Brachystelma coddii" Dyer, "Agapanthus coddii" Leighton etc. His specimens number more than 10 000 (PRE, K, SRGH) and are mainly South African, with about 500 having come from Caprivi and Barotseland in 1952. 

</doc>
<doc id="20079797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079797" title="Herculaneum Dock railway station">
Herculaneum Dock railway station

Herculaneum Dock railway station was the original southern terminus for the Liverpool Overhead Railway. Actually adjacent to Harrington Dock it was named after Herculaneum Dock, a somewhat larger dock beyond the end of the line. It was opened on 6 March 1893 by the Marquis of Salisbury.
The station became a carriage shed on the 21 December 1896, upon the LOR's southern extension through the cliffside to Dingle and the subsequent construction of a 'through' station by the same name slightly north of the original.
The station closed, along with the rest of the line on 30 December 1956. No evidence of this station remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20079819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079819" title="Fighting Scots">
Fighting Scots

Fighting Scots may refer to the nickname of athletic teams of several United States high schools and colleges/universities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20079888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079888" title="Circipania">
Circipania

Circipania () was a medieval territory in what is now northeastern Germany. The name derives from Latin "circum" (around) and "Pane" (the Peene River). The region was enclosed roughly by the upper Recknitz, Trebel and Peene rivers, the western border ran between Güstrow and Rittermannshagen. The region developed in the 10th and 11th centuries, when it was the tribal territory of the Circipanes (), a West Slavic tribe which along with the neighboring tribes was a part of the Lutici federation. The main burghs were Güstrow, Teterow, Malchin, and Demmin.
In 936, the Circipania was incorporated into the Billung March of the Holy Roman Empire. The Circipanes were one of the four constituent tribes of the Lutici federation centered on Rethra, which started a successful uprising in 983. Rid of the empire's overlordship, the Circipanes stayed with the Liutizians until the federation broke apart due to internal struggles in the 1050s, culminating dissolution in 1057. The Redarians and Tollensians opposed the Circipanes and Kessinians struggling for more influence within the federative administration, and allied with the Obodrites. The Obodrites successfully invaded Circipania and made it a province of their realm. The internal struggles had weakened the area, such that in the following year it became the target of numerous expeditions of an expansive Holy Roman Empire during their Wendish Crusade in 1147), then by Denmark in the raid of 1170, and finally by the Duchy of Pomerania which subdued and incorporated the area into Pomerania-Demmin in the late 12th century. The last of the territory was invaded by Mecklenburg and subdued in the early 1230s.
The 1230s marked the end of Circipania as a distinct territory as well as the end of the Circipanes. Pomerania-Demmin was in a miserable position and lost most of the territory to the Margrave of Brandenburg in the Treaty of Kremmen in 1236. Thus, Pomerania-Demmin could not counter the Mecklenburgian advance led by Borwin III of Rostock. Circipania would stay divided with Mecklenburg controlling the western bulk with Güstrow and Teterow, and Pomerania controlling the eastern smaller part around Demmin. Later the Mecklenburg part divided into Mecklenburg-Rostock and Mecklenburg-Werle, and the name Circipania dropped out of use.
Though Circipania vanished as a name from political maps, it was still visible on Roman Catholic ecclesiastic maps as the Pomeranian province of the Diocese of Cammin, because the borders of this province did not differ from that of Circipania and remained as they were before the conquest.
The Circipanes, whose numbers already dwindled due to the previous warfare, were assimilated by the German settlers called in by Wartislaw III, Duke of Pomerania before the Mecklenburg conquest, and by Mecklenburg knights during the Ostsiedlung.

</doc>
<doc id="20079926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079926" title="Suzanne Lynch">
Suzanne Lynch

Suzanne Lynch MNZM (née Donaldson, born in 1951) is a New Zealand singer who has worked professionally under the names Suzanne Donaldson, Suzanne Lynch and Suzanne.
She first came to wide public knowledge in the 1960s as half of the duo The Chicks with her sister, Judy Hindman, on the NZBC television series "C'MON". In 1969 she became a solo performer and was a resident performer on the follow-up show "Happen Inn". In 1970 she was voted "N.Z. Entertainer of the Year"
After marrying fellow entertainer Bruce Lynch she moved to London, England where she worked as a session musician until she became a regular part of Cat Stevens' vocal group and appeared on several of his albums until he gave up recording after a religious conversion. The first song Lynch did for Stevens was "Oh Very Young" in which she sang the solo and background vocals.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 2001 she was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to entertainment.
Lynch was last seen on television as a backing singer in the 2008 and 2009 series of "Stars in Their Eyes". She is still working as a vocal artist in the music industry.
Awards.
In 2008 she received the Benny Award from the Variety Artists Club of New Zealand Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20079931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079931" title="2009 Swedish Touring Car Championship season">
2009 Swedish Touring Car Championship season

The 2009 Swedish Touring Car Championship season was the 14th Swedish Touring Car Championship (STCC) season. It was decided over nine race weekends (comprising eighteen races) at six different circuits.
Tommy Rustad won the drivers' championship for the second time. The ethanol powered Volvo C30 of Polestar Racing proved to be the fastest car over one lap, as evidenced by them setting all fastest qualifying times during the season (although grid penalties ruined the perfect score), but they were plagued by bad reliability. Instead, Thed Björk, driving for Flash Engineering, lead the championship most of the season, only to be overtaken in the last race.
The team championship also went down to the wire, with Polestar Racing besting WestCoast Racing by one point in the last race.
The entry of the Biogas.se team with their Volkswagen Scirocco meant the debut of a biogas powered car in STCC. Unfortunately, they had trouble matching the pace of the other factory teams and ended up last in the team championship.
Changes for 2009.
There were several rule changes for the 2009 season.
Race format changes:
Other changes:
Drivers.
These were the STCC entries for the 2009 season. Drivers with numbers 88 and higher also competed in Semcon Cup, open for privateers only.
Race Calendar.
The race calendar for this season was as follows:
Results and standings.
The points system used for both the main championship and Semcon Cup was the standard FIA system of 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1, awarded to the top eight finishers of each race. In case of ties in points, the championship positions were determined by the classification in the latest race.
Races.
♯ Robert Dahlgren set the fastest qualifying time, but was moved down 10 places on the grid, due to having received two yellow cards for unfair driving.
Drivers Championship.
The drivers' championship was won by Tommy Rustad. In the end he scored the same amount of points as Thed Björk, but won thanks to finishing higher in the last race.
♯ Robert Dahlgren was docked 10 points in the drivers' championship, due to being deemed responsible for a crash with Thed Björk. Note that this penalty didn't affect the team score.
Team Championship.
The team championship was won by Polestar Racing, a single point ahead of West Coast Racing.
Semcon Cup.
The results in the 2009 Semcon Cup were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20079936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20079936" title="Type 96 Multi-Purpose Missile System">
Type 96 Multi-Purpose Missile System

The is an Anti-tank/Landing craft missile used by the Japanese army as JGSDF. It is the first Japanese missile system that uses a complete digitally controlled interface.
History.
Development of the Type 96 system began in 1986 by JGSDF Ground Research and Development Command.
Description.
The Type 96 missile has a large warhead which can destroy most tanks with a direct hit from the top, but it can also be used in an anti-helicopter role. The missile is guided by an operator with an infrared image monitor in the launch vehicle. An optical fiber connects the flying missile's infrared camera and its guidance system. It can also be fired vertically and the fibre-optic cable is paid out from the back of the missile as it flies.
The warhead is too big for use by attack tanks because it is also designed to destroy landing craft (LCAC). Japanese officers estimate that no tank can survive a direct hit to the weakpoint of its top armor by the Type 96 Multi-Purpose Missile System. This is a result of the missile striking the tank from the top, which is not so heavily armoured as the front and side sections of the tank.
It is designed to destroy remote targets before a landing, such as armoured fighting vehicles or small landing ships. The gunner carries out target selection and acquisition and the automatic tracker locks onto the image of the target. Tracking commands are relayed to the ground station computer, which sends steering command data up the fibre-optic cable to guide the missile. The gunner can also carry out manual tracking.

</doc>
<doc id="20080002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080002" title="Mankery">
Mankery

Mankery is a place located in Kerala, India. It is located in Irimbiliyam, a village of Malappuram district. The Bharathapuzha river runs through Mankery. The village has approximately 2000 natives.. There are a lot of beautiful places. One of which is Nirap, which is actually a widely spaced beautiful lawn from which the sight of the river Bharathapuzha. The nearest town is Valanchery.
The people in the village do different kinds of jobs, but mostly depend on Agriculture. There is a temple of goddess Sree durga.

</doc>
<doc id="20080025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080025" title="A12 motorway (Switzerland)">
A12 motorway (Switzerland)

The A12 motorway, an Autobahn in western Switzerland, is a divided highway connecting the A9 to the A1.
The A12 runs from the A9 in Vevey along the Freiburger Alps via Fribourg to the A1 in Bern and thus represents an important link to Western Switzerland. The A12 acts as the main route of the Canton of Freiburg and crosses the Canton area in the diagonal of Chatel-Saint-Denis (in the southwest) to the Flamatt in the northeast. Since 1981, the entire highway has been open to traffic. A scenic location on the Lac de la Gruyère is the resting place "de Gruyère", with its adjacent hotel.
Route.
The A12 travels from the junction of the A9 La Veyre on a plateau (500 m above sea level) over Vevey.
During the first , the highway rises along the eastern flank of the Veveyse up to above sea level and forms a sharp S-curve. This highway section, with an average gradient of 5.8% (and maximum gradients over 6%), is one of the steepest stretches of motorway in the Swiss national road network. After the ascent portion, the canyon of Veveyse de Fégire is crossed by a bridge. Once reaching the plateau of Haute Veveyse, at the foot of the Alps, the road has only small differences in height. The culminating point is located, at an altitude of above sea level, at Weiler "Prayoud" northeast of Chatel-Saint-Denis. Here are the main European watershed between the Rhone with the catchment area of the Veveyse, and passes the Rhine (with the catchment areas of Broye and Sarine).
At a length of , the A12 now runs at an altitude of about above sea level, before it reaches the Gruyère region and the basin of bull. It then runs between the reservoir Lac de la Gruyère and the heights of the Gibloux to the north. At Gumefens and Avry-devant-Pont there are two Tagbau-tunnels. North of the latter is the most important building of the A12, the approximately 2-km long "Viaduc du Lac de la Gruyère", constructed during the years 1974-1979 in a sweeping curve to the western valley side, spanning two short arms of the "Lac de la Gruyère".
Afterwards, the highway enters the Molasse plateau of Freiburg Plateau, tackling in several stages a height difference of just over . After the bridge over the Glâne, the agglomeration of Freiburg in the west and northwest is bypassed through hilly terrain, known before (with another bridge over the Schiffenensee and Pont de la Madeleine, in line to the little hermitage in the sandstone cliffs near the highway bridge), and thus the Sarine gulch crosses the German/French language border.
As a result, the corridor runs through the little reliefs plateau at Düdingen and Wünnewil. With a bridge at Flamatt, which has a gradient of 4%, the road leaves the plateau and reaches the valley of the Sense (river). Thereafter, the A12 runs through the relatively densely populated and industrial and commercial buildings lined Wangental valley, to the western border of the city of Bern. Following is the Southern Bypass of the district Bümpliz, with an almost long bridge crossing the plateau, before the highway ends at the junction Weyermannshaus into the A1.
Engineering structures.
The A12 has, due to the hilly, pre-alpine topography, some different engineering structures, especially bridges. The most significant of which are (in sequence from Vevey to Bern):
Historical Aspects.
The leadership of a motorway, through the Canton of Freiburg, had already been studied in the 1950s decade. Concrete plans on the lines of the first sections have been around since the beginning of the 1960s. The first walked the line between Corpataux Matran and the end of 1963, for consultation, a year later it was followed by the northeastern continuation of the highway to Düdingen. In 1966 and 1967, the sections were sanctioned by the then Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications of the Swiss Federal and soon started to build.
On 31 July 1971, with the section of Düdingen Corpataux, the first leg of the A12 was in operation. The city of Fribourg was thus a bypass for transit traffic. It was first created by Matran Corpataux as only one lane, the second lane followed about seven years later. The last section of the A9, between Vaulruz and Vevey, was opened at the end of 1981.
The thruway A12 existed from end to end in 1981, as a motorway link between the German-speaking Switzerland and those in western Switzerland. As a result, developed the line from Bern via the A12 and the A9 for Lausanne on the A1 for approximately 20 years to the main transit route between Zurich and Geneva. However, the A12, during the winter, was always vulnerable to ice and snow-covered roadways because of the steep gradients and long sections at elevations above .
As has been made consistently in 2001, the A1 is also in operation, shifted back some of the traffic on the originally planned as a transit route highway. This is very well documented by the counting stations of Wünnewil and bull (overland routes), which in 2000 were measured in the average daily volume of 29,000 vehicles, 2002 just over 22,000 vehicles (about 20% less than two years before). The highest traffic densities on the A12 were recorded 2004, in the Fribourg area, with an average daily traffic of 29,000 vehicles.
The full opening of the A12 in particular gave the regions of Fribourg and Bones and the structurally Haute Veveyse important economic stimulus and led to the easy accessibility to the tourist region of Gruyère, both from the Lake Geneva region as well as from Berne.
Major engineering works.
The following are major construction projects underway along A12:

</doc>
<doc id="20080148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080148" title="Patrouille des Glaciers">
Patrouille des Glaciers

The Patrouille des Glaciers (PDG) is a ski mountaineering race organised every two years by the Swiss Army, in which military and civilian teams compete. It takes place once every two years at the end of April, in the south part of the canton of Valais below the summits of the Pennine Alps.
There are two different races, a normal and a short one: 
Each patrol consists of 3 members who, in order to compete, must
History.
The Patrouille des Glaciers has military origins. During the Second World War, the Swiss army organised a race to test the abilities of its soldiers. The first military patrol edition was held in April 1943 thanks to the work of two captains of Mountain Brigade 10 (Rodolphe Tissières and Roger Bonvin). That year, 18 patrols, each consisting of three members, travelled 63 kilometres to reach Verbier. In 1944, 44 teams participated, but for a few years, no races were organized because of World War II. On April 10, 1949, the race was organised once again, but the deaths of three participants from Orsières (Mauritius Crettex, Robert Droz and Louis Thétaz) at the hands of a crevasse caused a controversy. As a result of that accident the organisation of the race was prohibited by the Federal Military Department until 1984.
The competition was revived by Rene Martin and Camille Bournissen. It remains under the control of the army which ensures its smooth running. The race is now held every two years and is also open to civilians. In 1986, bad weather forced organizers to interrupt the race. In 2002, the same mishap occurred.
In 2004, a foreign team won the race for the first time. The same year, the race was competed by 2934 participants (approximately 60% of civil patrols and 40% military), with 984 for the normal race, and 636 and 1314 for the short races.
In 2006, organisers were forced to refuse a thousand entries. That year a second race was organized from Zermatt for the first time. The media have recently raised the problem of doping: patrols are not subject to any controls which causes rumours about the performance of the participants. The commander of the race, Brigadier Marius Robyr (who retired in 2008), refused to impose controls and instead called for participants to act honestly, and in the spirit of the race in which there is no financial gain for the winners.
On April 18, 2007, memorials donated by the Swiss army were unveiled in Zermatt, Arolla and in Verbier in honour of the communities connected with, benefactors of, and friends of, the PDG. A doping case came to light at the end of the 2008 edition in which ten competitors were checked.
Records.
Record times are measured on the longer course only (i.e. from Zermatt to Verbier)
Men.
The record time is 5 hours 52 minutes 20.7 seconds and is held by a Swiss team winning the 2010 race. Team members are: 
Women.
The record time is 7 hours 41 minutes 18 seconds and is held by a Swiss team from the 2010 race. Team members are: 
Checkpoints.
Several supply and control stations are located between Zermatt and Verbier: 
The total drop is 3994 meters (ascent) and 4090 meters (descent).
Rules.
Participants are divided into two groups: civilians and military. The categories are (Regulation 2006): 
Material.
Each patrol must be equipped with the following equipment (Regulation 2006): 

</doc>
<doc id="20080157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080157" title="Extreme points of Slovakia">
Extreme points of Slovakia

This is a list of the extreme points of Slovakia: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points.
Latitude and longitude.
The distance between Záhorská Ves (the easternmost point) and Nová Sedlica (the westernmost point) is 428 km.
References.
[http://slovakia.viasalus.sk/index-eng.php]

</doc>
<doc id="20080165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080165" title="Isabel de Verdun, Lady Ferrers of Groby">
Isabel de Verdun, Lady Ferrers of Groby

Isabel de Verdun, Lady Ferrers of Groby (21 March 1317 – 25 July 1349) was an heiress, who was related to the English royal family as the eldest daughter of Elizabeth de Clare, herself a granddaughter of King Edward I of England. When she was a child, Isabel was imprisoned in Barking Abbey, along with her mother and half-sister, after her stepfather had joined the Earl of Lancaster's ill-fated rebellion against King Edward II. Her husband was Henry de Ferrers, 2nd Lord Ferrers of Groby.
Family and lineage.
Isabel was born at Amesbury Priory, Wiltshire, on 21 March 1317, the only child of the marriage of Theobald de Verdun, 2nd Lord Verdun, Justiciar of Ireland (born 8 September 1278) and Lady Elizabeth de Clare. She was born eight months after her father died of typhoid on 27 July 1316. He had abducted her mother from Bristol Castle in early 1316, and married her shortly afterwards on 4 February. Elizabeth was his second wife, his first wife having been Maud Mortimer (c.1289- 18 September 1312). Isabel had three half-sisters from her father's prior marriage, Joan de Verdun, Elizabeth de Verdun, and Margery de Verdun.
Isabel, along with her three de Verdon half-sisters, was a co-heiress of her father. She is occasionally referred to as "Heiress of Ludlow".
Theobald was Elizabeth's second husband, her first husband John de Burgh had died in a minor skirmish in Galway, Ireland on 18 June 1313. She had a son by de Burgh, William Donn de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster (17 September 1312- 6 June 1333), who was Isabel's uterine half-brother. William would later marry Maud of Lancaster, by whom he had a daughter Elizabeth de Burgh, "suo jure" 4th Countess of Ulster (6 July 1332- 10 December 1363).
Following the death of her brother Gilbert at Bannockburn in 1314, Elizabeth, along with her two sisters, Margaret and Eleanor, became one of the greatest heiresses in England.
Her uncle, King Edward II of England, ordered her to return to England, where he planned to select a husband for her from among his supporters. She was placed in Bristol Castle where Verdun would afterwards abduct her, to the fury of King Edward.
After her husband's death, Elizabeth, pregnant with Verdun's child, fled to Amesbury Priory and placed herself under the protection of her aunt, Mary de Burgh, who was one of the nuns. It was there that she gave birth to Isabel.
Isabel's birth is recorded in an entry of King Edward II's Wardrobe Accounts, as well as the King's gift of a silver-gilt cup which valued at one pound, ten shillings.
Her paternal grandparents were Theobald de Verdun, 1st Lord Verdun and Margery de Bohun, and her maternal grandparents were Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford, 3rd Earl of Gloucester, and Joan of Acre, the daughter of King Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile.
Despenser War and imprisonment.
On 3 May 1317, when Isabel was just about six weeks old, her mother married Sir Roger D'Amory, Lord D'Amory, Baron of Armoy (c.1290- 14 March 1322) a favourite of King Edward II, who encouraged the match. Isabel's wardship and marriage rights were awarded to her stepfather. From her mother's marriage to D'Amory, Isabel had a uterine half-sister, Elizabeth D'Amory, (born shortly before 23 May 1318- 5 February 1361), who would later marry Sir John Bardolf, by whom she had issue. 
Following D'Amory's participation in the Earl of Lancaster's rebellion of 1322, against his former friend and patron, the King and the latter's new favourites, the Despensers, Isabel's wardship and marriage rights were forfeit to the Crown and eventually passed to Queen Isabella. Isabel's aunt Eleanor de Clare was married to Hugh le Despenser the Younger, who had angered her stepfather after seizing the larger portion of the vast de Clare inheritance for himself. On account of Despenser's greed and increasing influence over the king, D'Amory joined forces with Roger Mortimer and the other disgruntled Marcher Lords becoming one of the key figures in the resulting Despenser War. Roger D'Amory died on 14 March 1322, two days before the Battle of Boroughbridge where Lancaster and the rebels were defeated by the Royalist forces. Isabel, not quite five years old, together with her sister Elizabeth and her mother, was imprisoned at Barking Abbey.
Marriage.
Isabel married Henry de Ferrers, 2nd Lord Ferrers of Groby (born before 1303- 15 September 1343) in 1328 at Newbold Verdon, Leicestershire. He was the son of William de Ferrers, 1st Lord Ferrers of Groby and Ellen de Seagrove. She was eleven years old at the time of her marriage. The marriage produced at least five children, four of whom survived infancy. Following the birth of her eldest child in February 1331, when Isabel was not quite 14 years of age, her mother sent her presents for her "churching". This was a special religious ceremony performed for the benefit of a woman shortly after childbirth. The child, whose sex was not recorded, died in early infancy.
Death.
Isabel died on 25 July 1349 of the plague. Her husband had died on 15 September 1343 and was buried in Ulvescroft Priory.
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Isabel de Verdun

</doc>
<doc id="20080189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080189" title="Grey problem">
Grey problem

Grey problem (gray problem) is a term for an IT problem where the causing technology is unknown or unconfirmed. Common grey problems are:
Because the causing technology is not clear IT departments often find it difficult to allocate the problem to a Technical Support Team (platform team).
Background.
Combining frequency and causing technology information can provide a view of the complexity of a problem and so indicate how difficult it will be to investigate (see Figure 1).
The problems in each quadrant have certain characteristics:
Q1 - In a typical IT department 80 to 90% of problems are solid faults that are easily tracked down to a causing technology. The appropriate technical or platform support team efficiently deals with these problems every day.
Q2 - Some recurring problems are due to a Known Error, or are obviously being caused by a particular hardware or software component. These problems are handled by technical support people working with suppliers.
Q3 - Every so often a one-off problem occurs, and the cause of these may never be found.
Q4 – The technical ownership of these issues is unclear and so they are referred to as “grey problems” i.e. not black and white.
Impact.
Grey problems have a significant impact on IT service, and:
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) perspective.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Service Operations implies that grey problems should be handled through a Problem Solving Group under the direction of the Problem Management function. In practice, even those IT organisations that have adopted ITIL rarely have a procedure to handle a grey problem, leaving it to bounce between Technical Support Teams as each denies that their technology is to blame.

</doc>
<doc id="20080220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080220" title="Extreme points of Moldova">
Extreme points of Moldova

This is a list of the extreme points of Moldova: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20080231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080231" title="2001 Bavarian Cup">
2001 Bavarian Cup

The 2001 Bavarian Cup was the fourth edition of this competition which was started in 1998. It ended with the Jahn Regensburg winning the competition. Together with the finalist, Würzburger FV, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2001-02. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners plus the finalist from last seasons winners region are qualified for the first round. It was the first time the competition had been expanded from seven to eight teams.
Participating clubs.
The following eight clubs qualified for the 2001 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 2000-01.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2001-02.
The two clubs, Würzburger FV and Jahn Regensburg, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2001-02 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20080262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080262" title="Nimmel Range">
Nimmel Range

The Nimmel Range is a small 'range' or rather a section, inside the Gold Coast Hinterland on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. Its most prominent feature is the 489 metre peak of Mount Nimmel. It lies at co-ordinates latitude: , longitude: and is 20 km away from Carrara, an inland suburb of the Gold Coast near Nerang. It was the western border of the Austinville banana plantation before the settlement was all but abandoned in the 1930s.
Historic Significance.
The Nimmel Range was the western border of the Austinville banana plantation started in 1934 and abandoned in 1939. Earlier, in the very early 1900s, before Springbrook Road was built, early settlers sought to provide access to Springbrook Mountain from the coast. Jim Hardy and George Trapp, two pioneers of the day, tried following the ridge that separates the east and west branches of Little Nerang Creek, reached the join, turned east and found that the Nimmel Range blocked their path. The road was completed by skirting around the foot of Mount Nimmel and continuing to Springbrook. To this day, Springbrook Road remains the sole link from the mountain to the rest of the Gold Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20080263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080263" title="Man in the Sky">
Man in the Sky

Man in the Sky (released in the U.S. as Decision Against Time) is a 1957 film produced by Ealing Studios and starring Jack Hawkins.
Plot.
Test pilot John Mitchell (Jack Hawkins) disappoints his wife Mary (Elizabeth Sellars) by refusing to increase their unsuccessful bid for a house. What she does not know is that the aircraft manufacturing company he works for is in desperate financial straits. Owner Reginald Conway (Walter Fitzgerald) needs to convince Ashmore (Eddie Byrne) to place an order soon or the firm will go bankrupt.
Mitchell takes the only prototype of a new aeroplane for a flight, with Ashmore and several others aboard. During testing, one engine catches fire. Ashmore and the others parachute to safety. Then, despite Conway's order and the urgings of others, Mitchell decides to try to land the aeroplane rather than crashing it into the sea. However, he has to fly back and forth for half an hour to use up the fuel.
During the tense wait, co-worker Mrs. Snowden (Megs Jenkins) takes it upon herself to notify Mitchell's wife. Mary goes to the airfield and watches as her husband manages to land safely. Later, at home, she demands to know why he risked his life when everyone told him to bail out. He explains that it was his duty and the company's fate hung in the balance. Then he phones their real estate agent and agrees to the seller's price.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $150,000 in the US and Canada and $350,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $176,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20080271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080271" title="Šaponje">
Šaponje

Šaponje is a small farming village in the Sombor municipality of Vojvodina, Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20080272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080272" title="Klaipėda Free Economic Zone">
Klaipėda Free Economic Zone

The Klaipėda Free Economic Zone or Klaipėda FEZ () is a free economic zone in Klaipėda, the only port city of Lithuania. It was established in 1996 and offers tax incentives to qualified investors that invest at least 1 million euros. In 2008, due to overcrowding the zone was expanded from to of developed land. As of March 2008, before expansion, FEZ had 22 investors: seven were operating, one just finished construction, six were under construction, and others in development stage.
History.
The first steps for the establishment of the zone were undertaken in 1996. In 1997, a management company was selected after reviewing five proposals. The Klaipėda FEZ is managed by Klaipėdos LEZ valdymo bendrovė, a joint stock company. The Baltic Fund, an investment fund, financed by the Rockefeller and Company, Lazard, and investors from Saudi Arabia, owns about 60% of the management company. The remainder shares are owned by city enterprises, municipality and the government of the Lithuanian Republic.
In 1997, one of the first investments to the zone was announced by Penninox, a U.S.-based metallurgical company, to build a US$45-million steel processing plant. However, due to various bureaucratic obstacles, the groundbreaking ceremony took place only in July 2001. However, the company withdrew by 2004. Another set of obstacles was raised during Lithuania's negotiations for accession to the European Union. The FEZ began its activities in December 2001. In 2003, Thailand-based Indorama announced investment of 80 million euros into plastic production factory. To further attract investors to FEZ, Lithuanian-based companies were allowed to participate since 2004. A year later, the FEZ began plans for expansion and further development of its land, requesting assistance from structural funds of the European Union. By the end of 2007, FEZ attracted some 600 million litas of investments.
Operations.
Within its 412 ha area, companies are provided with specific preferential economic and legal conditions for their production and warehousing operations. An engineering infrastructure has been created and continuously developed in the area in which more than 21.5 million EUR has been invested up to date from the European Union, national and private funds. The Klaipeda FEZ has signed agreements with 21 foreign and Lithuanian companies, and 17 of these have already commenced their activities. Since the start of their operation, these companies have invested more than 411 million EUR in this economic zone. The Klaipėda FEZ is a recognised economic project of national significance.
Achievements.
In 2010, FDI Magazine, published by the Financial Times, ranked the Klaipeda free economic zone as 5th special economic zone in the category Best Facilities, and also was 19th in overall rating of the most attractive special economic zones in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20080273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080273" title="Surfers Paradise Street Circuit">
Surfers Paradise Street Circuit

The Surfers Paradise Street Circuit is a temporary street circuit at Surfers Paradise, in south east Queensland, Australia. The challenging track has several fast sections and four chicanes. It is the third of three motor racing circuits that have existed in the Surfers Paradise area, after the Southport Street Circuit (1954) and Surfers Paradise International Raceway (1966–1987). Ron Dickson, the president of D3 Motorsport Development held the rights for Champ Car internationally in the 1980s. After a brief meeting with Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen the event was confirmed for Queensland, and Surfers Paradise was chosen over Brisbane.
Circuit Construction.
The circuit that was run on until 2009 was designed by Ron Dickson of D3 Motorsport Development and was the fourth concept put forward for the Surfers Paradise area. This work was carried out in 1988 and was first raced on in 1991.The construction of the circuit has been acclaimed internationally and is used as a benchmark for new temporary street circuits world-wide. Over a full 12-month period plans are laid and then implemented to transform a bustling residential, commercial and holiday destination into a temporary street circuit capable of facilitating high-speed motor races and hundreds of thousands of people. 
In a two-month period leading up to the event, seven bridges are erected, 2515 concrete barriers installed, 11,500 grandstand seats fastened, more than 140 corporate suites furnished, of debris fencing and of security fencing placed, many more temporary structures fitted, and large-scale power and telecommunications systems activated.
The circuit is also an international leader in motor racing safety standards applauded by CAMS (Confederation of Australian Motorsport) and the FIA (the international governing body of motorsport). One of the major advancements over the past few years has been an increase in double height debris fencing including an additional 610 panels in high impact areas in 2005.
American Open Wheel History.
An annual event had been held here since the 1991 IndyCar season. Following the merger of the Indy Racing League and Champ Car World Series in February 2008, the future of race had originally been secured until 2013 as an IRL IndyCar Series event, however the race was dropped from the calendar after the first demonstration race, and was subsequently picked up by A1GP, severing its eighteen-year history with American open wheel racing.
A1 Grand Prix history.
On Tuesday, November 11, 2008 after extensive negotiations with the IRL broke down, the Queensland Government reached a new five-year deal with A1 Grand Prix to stage a race at Surfers Paradise. The first A1GP race was supposed to take place on the weekend of the 22–25 October 2009. To accommodate the new link with the A1GP series and subsequent removal of the Indy name (which is a registered trademark of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway), the entire 4 day event called Nikon SuperGP. However, on October 17, 2009, A1GP Chairman Tony Teixeira announced that the UK operating arm of the series went into liquidation in June. Access to the A1GP cars and the ability to pay its suppliers has been impeded. That caused the cars could not leave the UK to be on track in Surfers Paradise on the 22 October. A1GP had been forced to withdraw from participation in the Nikon SuperGP. A1 Grand Prix subsequently failed to arrive and were removed from the program, replaced with additional V8 Supercar races.
2010.
The V8 Supercars run a notably shorter layout in the 2010 series. At the Turn 2 chicane the circuit enters a hairpin to the left and rejoins the original track at the Bartercard Esses. Tony Cochrane suggested this layout after the A1 GP cars dropped from the 2009 event.
V8 Supercar history.
Since 2002, the Surfers Paradise race has counted for points in the V8 Supercar championship. The Australian touring car category had been held as a non-championship race meeting for several years prior.
From 2003 to 2007 the V8s officially shared headliner status with the Champcar World Seies, and then the Indy Racing League in 2008.
The 2009 race was amended after the demise of A1GP by going to a format of four races, two on Saturday and two on Sunday. For 2010 the format was changed to consist of a single race on each day.

</doc>
<doc id="20080284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080284" title="John Dod">
John Dod

John Dod (c.1549–1645), known as “Decalogue Dod”, was a non-conforming English clergyman, taking his nickname for his emphasis on the Ten Commandments. He is known for his widely circulated writings. Although he lost one means of livlihood because of Puritan beliefs, he had important support from sympathetic members of the Puritan gentry throughout a long career.
Life.
He was born in Malpas, Cheshire, the youngest of a family of seventeen. His parents were possessed of a moderate estate, and after he had received his early education at Westchester sent him when about fourteen to Jesus College, Cambridge, where he was elected scholar and afterwards fellow. He was a learned man, a good Hebraist, and, it is said, witty and cheerful. He was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge.
He was vicar of Hanwell, Oxfordshire, from 1585, in the gift of Anthony Cope, also preaching at Banbury. Robert Cleaver, his co-author, was in a neighbouring parish, Drayton. 
Dod was ejected from his parish at Hanwell in 1607. From 1608 he was at Canons Ashby and then rector of Fawsley, where his patron was Richard Knightley. A false accusation brought against him of having defrauded the college of a sum of money due from one of his pupils was the cause of a fever which almost cost him his life. During his illness he received strong religious impressions, and after his recovery, his character being fully cleared, he preached at a weekly lecture set up by some ‘godly’ people of Ely. When he was probably past thirty he was instituted to the living of Hanwell, Oxfordshire, where he remained for twenty years. While there he married Anne, sister of Dr. Nicholas Bownde v., by whom he had twelve children. The John Dod, proctor of the University of Cambridge in 1615 (Fuller, Hist. of Cambridge, 139), was probably one of his sons, though it is suggested that he was Dod himself (Memorials). His second wife was a Mistress Chilton. At Hanwell he worked diligently, preaching twice each Sunday besides catechising and supplying, in conjunction with four others, a weekly lectureship at Banbury.
In 1624 he was presented to the rectory of Fawsley in the same county, where he remained until his death. In the course of the civil war he is said to have been troubled by the royalist soldiers. He died at Fawsley, and was there buried on 19 August 1645.
Writings.
"A Godly Form of Household Government", a leading conduct book for decades, developed from a 1598 pamphlet by his co-author Robert Cleaver. It took material from a sermon published in 1591, "A Preparative for Marriage" by Henry Smith. Dod knew Henry Smith from Dry Drayton, and he helped expand the work in its many later editions. It is based on the family as unit.
Family.
He married first Anne Bownde, stepdaughter of Richard Greenham, daughter of the physician Robert Bownde, and sister of Nicholas Bownde the Sabbatarian. They had 12 children; he remarried after her death.
John Wilkins was a grandson, and succeeded him at Fawsley in 1637. Timothy Dod (d. 1665), an ejected minister in 1662, was a son.

</doc>
<doc id="20080307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080307" title="List of villages and neighbourhoods in the Cook Islands">
List of villages and neighbourhoods in the Cook Islands

Below is a list of villages and neighbourhoods in the Cook Islands. There are no cities in the Cook Islands. 
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="20080353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080353" title="Marie-Thérèse of Spain">
Marie-Thérèse of Spain

Marie-Thérèse of Spain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20080355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080355" title="Ann Nixon Cooper">
Ann Nixon Cooper

Ann Louise Nixon Cooper (January 9, 1902 – December 21, 2009) was a centenarian mentioned in United States President-elect Barack Obama's November 2008 election speech as a representative of the change in status African Americans had undergone during the past century and more in America. Before that, she was a noted member of the Atlanta African-American community and an activist for civil rights.
Biography.
Cooper was born in Shelbyville, Tennessee, on January 9, 1902, and raised in Nashville. She moved to Atlanta, Georgia, in her early twenties with her husband, Albert Berry Cooper, a dentist, and they had four children together. During that time, she served more than fifty years in public work on the board of Gate City Nursery Association and also helped found the Girls Club for African American Youth. Because there were no integrated Boy Scout troops in 1930's Atlanta, she wrote to the Boy Scouts in New York for help in starting Troop 95, Atlanta's first Boy Scout troop for African Americans.
When her husband died, Martin Luther King, Jr. sent Cooper a telegram; she also met with Coretta Scott King and saved photographs of the occasion. Cooper first registered to vote on September 1, 1941. Though she was friends with elite black Atlantans like W. E. B. Du Bois, John Hope Franklin and Benjamin Mays, she didn't exercise her right to vote for years, because of her status as a black woman in a segregated and sexist society.
During the 1970s, she served as a tutor to non-readers at Ebenezer Baptist Church. She also served on the Friends of the Library Board, serving at one time as vice president of the board. In 1980 she received a Community Service Award from Channel 11 for being one of the organizers of the black Cub Scouts and serving as the first den mother for four years.
She was also awarded the Annie L. McPheeters Medallion for community service from the Auburn Avenue Research Library on African American Culture and History in 2002.
Age issue.
When featured in Obama's 2008 speech, Ms Cooper was 106 years old. Some news outlets erroneously reported her as "oldest voter" even though there were several older voters, including then-114-year-old Gertrude Baines, 113-year-old Beatrice Farve, 112-year-olds Maggie Renfro and George Francis, 110-year-olds Virginia Call and Onie Ponder, and 109-year-olds Nettie Whittington and Amanda Jones (all voted for Obama); and 112-year-olds Eunice Sanborn, Besse Cooper, and Walter Breuning (all indicated they likely voted for McCain) and 109-year-old Gertrude Noone (who voted for McCain).
Ann Nixon Cooper died on December 21, 2009, three weeks before what would have been her 108th birthday.
Census research suggests she may have been a year younger than claimed; the 1910 census lists her as 7 years old in April 1910. Given a January birthdate, this suggests birth in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20080366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080366" title="List of quarries served by the Ffestiniog Railway">
List of quarries served by the Ffestiniog Railway

The Festiniog Railway served a cluster of quarries around the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog. Most of these were slate quarries, although granite quarries and zinc mines were also connected by narrow gauge tramways to the railway. 

</doc>
<doc id="20080409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080409" title="EE Technologies">
EE Technologies

Electronic Evolution Technologies, Inc. (EE Technologies, Inc / EET) is a multi-national electronic manufacturing services (EMS) company headquartered in Reno, Nevada. EET provides full electronic and mechanical box build assembly services and also specializes in circuit board assembly for the automotive, medical, RF/wireless, gaming, military, scientific educational, industrial and digital audio/video markets. The Company operates a global manufacturing network with operations in the Americas and Mexico, providing a broad range of integrated services and solutions to leading OEMs (original equipment manufacturers). EET was recently recognized as one of the top 20 Contract Manufacturers in the Western United States.
History.
EE Technologies, Inc. was incorporated as Meridian Electronics in 1994. By 1999 Meridian Electronics had grown to $28 million a year in revenues and had 20 people. EE Technologies was spun off from Meridian Electronics in March 2000. In October 2000, the company moved into a new facility in South Reno, with all new equipment and a staff of 40 people. In December 2002, the company expanded their facilities by allowing for improved production efficiencies and capabilities, as well as improved inventory management. Currently the company employs over 180 people with facilities in the US and Mexico. EE Technologies, Inc recently settled a lawsuit with the Environmental Protection Agency for $80,000.
Operations.
EE Technologies, Inc's global manufacturing network comprises locations in the Americas and Mexico. The company's global services include design and engineering, manufacturing and systems assembly, fulfillment and after-market services.
Empalme, Sonora Mexico, Mexico Facility.
In October 2005, EE Technologies, Inc expanded further with the opening of a new, state of the art, facility in Empalme Mexico. The equipment, process, and training in the Mexico facility mirror the operations in Reno. Both facilities are ISO/TS 16949:2002 certified, and have capacity for future growth.

</doc>
<doc id="20080415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080415" title="Zhu Houren">
Zhu Houren

Zhu Houren () is a Singaporean MediaCorp actor, most notable for his role in Wok of Life. 
In 2003, Zhu made his directorial debut in the telefilm After School, while taking on a role in the same film. 
In the recent Star Awards 2010, Zhu won the Best Supporting Actor award for his role as "Sgt. Leong", an old man who suffers from senile dementia for the drama Reunion Dinner. 
In his spare time, Zhu loves to sing oldies. "Everyday" by Buddy Holly is his personal favorite.

</doc>
<doc id="20080446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080446" title="Mailacompu">
Mailacompu

Mailacompu is a village in Kumaramangalam Panchayath of Idukki district in Kerala state. It is located 6 km from Thodupuzha.

</doc>
<doc id="20080455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080455" title="List of stations and halts on the Ffestiniog Railway">
List of stations and halts on the Ffestiniog Railway

__NOTOC__
By law, each new railway is required to mark off the distances along its line from a given point. The Ffestiniog Railway has changed that point three times in its existence.
Originally the "Zero Point", as it is called was set near to the Dinas station at the north end of the line (at a location called Rhiwbryfdir, now buried under the slate tips).
The second "Zero Point" saw the line turn around and was located at the southern end of the line, on the quayside, at the Welsh Slate Cos. yard, some quarter-mile further on from Porthmadog Harbour railway station.
Following the revival of the line, and at a later date, the "Zero Point" was resited at the water tower at Porthmadog Harbour railway station.
The "accurate" measurement of the line has varied as the line has evolved over the years, not only from the changes above, but with the construction of the Deviation, and other realignments.

</doc>
<doc id="20080458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080458" title="2000 Bavarian Cup">
2000 Bavarian Cup

The 2000 Bavarian Cup was the third edition of this competition which was started in 1998. It ended with the FC Ismaning winning the competition. Together with the finalist, TSV Rain am Lech, both clubs were qualified for the DFB Cup 2000-01. 
The competition is open to all senior men's football teams playing within the Bavarian football league system and the Bavarian clubs in the Regionalliga Süd (III).
Rules & History.
The seven Bezirke in Bavaria each play their own cup competition which in turn used to function as a qualifying to the German Cup (DFB-Pokal). Since 1998 these seven cup-winners plus the losing finalist of the region that won the previous event advance to the newly introduced Bavarian Cup, the Toto-Pokal. The two finalists of this competition advance to the German Cup. Bavarian clubs which play in the first or second Bundesliga are not permitted to take part in the event, their reserve teams however can. The seven regional cup winners were qualified for the first round. It was the last edition with only seven clubs, the season after the competition was expanded to eight teams.
Participating clubs.
The following seven clubs qualified for the 2000 Bavarian Cup:
Bavarian Cup season 1999-2000.
Teams qualified for the next round in bold.
DFB Cup 2000-01.
The two clubs, TSV Rain am Lech and FC Ismaning, who qualified through the Bavarian Cup for the DFB Cup 2000-01 both were knocked out in the first round of the national cup competition:

</doc>
<doc id="20080524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080524" title="Sally Foster">
Sally Foster

Sally Foster (born 13 April 1985 in Perth) is an Australian breaststroke swimmer.
She won the silver medal in the 200m breaststroke event at the 2008 FINA Short Course World Championships.
Sally is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. She competed in the 200m breaststroke at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
References.
Sally also competed in the 2012 London Olympic games.

</doc>
<doc id="20080528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080528" title="Place de Fontenoy">
Place de Fontenoy

The Place de Fontenoy () is a square in the 7e arrondissement of Paris, France, named after the victory of Maréchal Maurice de Saxe in the Battle of Fontenoy.
At numbers 7 are the UNESCO Headquarters, the World Heritage Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20080539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080539" title="Supply chain risk management">
Supply chain risk management

Supply chain risk management (SCRM) is "the implementation of strategies to manage both everyday and exceptional risks along the supply chain based on continuous risk assessment with the objective of reducing vulnerability and ensuring continuity".
Supply chain exposures.
SCRM attempts to reduce supply chain vulnerability via a coordinated holistic approach, involving all supply chain stakeholders, which identifies and analyses the risk of failure points within the supply chain. Mitigation plans to manage these risks can involve logistics, finance and risk management disciplines; the ultimate goal being to ensure supply chain continuity in the event of a scenario which otherwise have interrupted normal business and thereby profitability.
Sometimes, it's possible for supply chain logistics techniques such as supply chain optimization to prejudice contingency planning which would otherwise reduce the overall risk level for that particular supply chain.
Contingency options.
Some options to engineer an acceptable risk level include:

</doc>
<doc id="20080546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080546" title="Balthasar Walther">
Balthasar Walther

Balthasar Walther (1558 – c. 1631) was a Silesian physician and Christian Kabbalist of German ethnicity. Born in Liegnitz in modern Poland, Walther was a significant influence on the thought of the German theosopher Jakob Böhme. As an itinerant Paracelsian enthusiast, Walther was active throughout the Holy Roman Empire, in Poland, Transylvania and elsewhere. He died in Paris sometime before December 1631.
Biography.
Born in Liegnitz, Silesia, Walther attended the University of Frankfurt/Oder where he studied medicine. A gifted student and an evident enthusiast of Paracelsian medicine, he thereafter received a series of appointments to Ducal courts throughout the Holy Roman Empire as a physician, alchemist and laboratory technician.
Intensely interested in magic and kabbalistic wisdom, early in his life Walther collected several magical tracts, the manuscripts of which survive in European libraries to this day. In order to deepen his acquaintance with kabbalistic and magical teachings, between 1597 and 1599 Walther traveled to Africa and the Holy Land in order to learn at the feet of Jewish and Arab practitioners. Several years after his return to Europe, he made the acquaintance of Jakob Böhme, probably in late 1617. In 1612 he became a close friend of Boehme. In 1619-20 he studied with Boehme. Along with the likes of the Torgau chiliast Paul Nagel, Walther became a fiery propagandist and promoter of Böhme's work, although for several years he was torn between Böhme's doctrines and those of Böhme's arch-rival, the antinomian Esajas Stiefel. After several years of proselytizing on Böhme's behalf, Walther died in Paris, probably before 1631.
Works by Walther.
A complete bibliography of Walther's printed works can be found in a recent article. Despite his influence, as well as his enthusiasm for kabbalistic and magical tracts, Walther himself only composed two major works, neither of which reflected these interests to any great extent:
A third work, although actually written by Jakob Böhme, was inspired by 40 questions proposed to the philosopher by Walther himself concerning the nature of the human soul. It seems clear that Walther's interests influenced the content of Böhme's responses. The first edition of these "Forty Questions on the Soul" (to use its English title) was provided by Johann Angelius Werdenhagen, a friend of Walther, shortly after the physician's death in Paris:
Biographical Studies and Secondary Literature.
Despite his significance to and influence upon the theosophy of Jakob Böhme, Walther has attracted little scholarly attention and remained something of a historical cipher. A contemporary biographical account, printed within 20 years following Walther's death is provided in:
Scholarly articles dedicated to Walther's life and works are:

</doc>
<doc id="20080551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080551" title="Superficies">
Superficies

Superficies is a Latin legal term referring to anything which is placed upon and attached to the ground, and most commonly refers to a building erected on land owned by another.
Roman law.
Under Roman law, ownership of a building was considered inseparable from ownership of the land beneath it. A person with the right to use the land for a superficies, known as a "superficarius", enjoyed a right to use the superficies, bequeath it to his heirs and encumber it, despite not "owning" it outright. The right was known as a "Jus Superficiarium". [http://penelope.uchicago.edu/Thayer/E/Roman/Texts/secondary/SMIGRA*/Superficies.html]
Japanese law.
Japanese law provides for a similar right, known as in Japanese and officially translated as "superficies."
The right is defined under Article 265 of the Civil Code as the right to use the land of another for the purpose of owning buildings, trees or bamboo.
A superficies may also be created by operation of law when a mortgage is foreclosed. If the foreclosure leads to the land and building(s) thereon falling under separate ownership, but the land and building(s) were owned by the same person when the mortgage was created, then a is automatically created to facilitate separate ownership of the building(s).
Unlike a land lease, a superficies is considered to be a property right, can be indefinite in duration, imposes no upkeep obligations on the landowner, and is freely transferable without the landowner's consent.
Korean law.
The equivalent right under Korean law is called "jisang-gwon" (지상권).
Thai law.
The equivalent in Thailand is called "See-Tee-Nua-Tee-Din or "Superficies". Thailand adopted the French civil Law system. You will find a small section in the Thai Commercial and Civil Code under sections 1410 and 1416. It is spelled in Thai "สิทธิเหนือพื้นดิน" Thailawonline.com explain this concept under Thai Law in several languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20080554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080554" title="Greif (brigantine)">
Greif (brigantine)

Greif is the name of a brigantine, owned by the town Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The ship is used as a training ship for maritime youth education. In the GDR the ship was named from 1951 till 1990 after the first president Wilhelm Pieck.
It has participated in Hanse Sail.

</doc>
<doc id="20080558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080558" title="Francesco Peparelli">
Francesco Peparelli

Francesco Peparelli (died 1641) was an Italian architect during the 17th century. He designed the Palazzo Valentini and contributed to the design of Santa Maria in Traspontina. Peparelli taught and later collaborated with Giovan Antonio de' Rossi.

</doc>
<doc id="20080610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080610" title="Julius Sundsvik">
Julius Sundsvik

Julius Elian Røring Sundsvik (1891-1971) was a Norwegian novelist and newspaper editor.
Born in Brønnøy, Helgeland, he published the novels "Slitets folk" (1940), "Sønnen" (1941) and "Oppover igjen" (1945) with motifs from Northern Norway. He was also the editor-in-chief of "Moss Avis" in Moss from 1934 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20080611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080611" title="Sphinx of Agost">
Sphinx of Agost

The Sphinx of Agost is a Greek-influenced Iberian limestone sculpture, dated from the late sixth century BCE, that was found in the Agost reservoir in Alicante, Spain, in 1893.
The badly damaged statue is 82 cm high and represents a sphinx with the head of a woman, body of a winged lion and tail of a snake. This particular sphinx may have been included in an Iberian tomb to carry the soul of the deceased to the afterlife.
The Sphinx of Agost is on display at the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20080627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080627" title="Zakir Hussain Rose Garden">
Zakir Hussain Rose Garden

Zakir Hussain Rose Garden, is a botanical garden located in Chandigarh, India and spread over of land, with 50,000 rose-bushes of 1600 different species. Named after India's former president, Zakir Hussain and created in 1967 under the guidance of Dr M.S. Randhawa, Chandigarh's first chief commissioner, the garden has the distinction of being Asia's largest. The garden has not only roses, but also trees of medicinal value. Some of the medicinal plants that can be spotted here are bel, bahera, harar, camphor and yellow gulmohar. The rose plants have been planted in carved-out lawns and flower beds. 
Apart from serving as a host of other events, the Zakir Rose Garden serves as the venue for hosting the annual Festival of Gardens, a major cultural event of the city during the month of March. Celebrated mainly as a tribute to the magnificence of the rose itself, the attractions include food, drinks, joyrides, and contests of varying nature, such as photography, gardening, landscaping, bonsai, and Rose Prince and Princess. The contests are open to the residents or institutions from nearby places. 

</doc>
<doc id="20080631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080631" title="Palazzo Valentini">
Palazzo Valentini

Palazzo Valentini is a palazzo in central Rome, Italy, not far from Piazza Venezia. Since 1873 it has been the base of the provincial and prefectural administration of Rome.
History.
The palazzo was first built by cardinal Michele Bonelli, nephew of pope Pius V, who, in 1585, acquired a pre-existing palazzo from Giacomo Boncompagni at the extremity of what was then piazza dei Santi Apostoli. Today the palazzo is separated from that piazza by via Quattro Novembre, opened later to connect the new via Nazionale with piazza Venezia. The cardinal was also the owner of a large part of the area which extended, behind the palazzo, above the ruins of the imperial fora of Trajan and Augustus, known by the name "Pantano" due to its being subject to impaludamenti. Over the same years the district on the ruins of the imperial fora was subjected to a general development of the land and to a systematic urbanisation, with the creation of the "quartiere Alessandrino" in the cardinal's honour (he was nicknamed "cardinale alessandrino" after his origins in a village in the province of Alessandria). The quarter was destroyed in the 1920s and 1930s to open via dei Fori Imperiali.
The trapezoidal plan of the palazzo was designed by Domenico Paganelli. Thanks to substantial funds ploughed into the project by the cardinal, the palazzo was quickly completed and the cardinal moved in 3 years after building started. In the 17th century the building was then subject to a series of major renovations and expansions, carried out on behalf of cardinals Carlo Bonelli and Michele Ferdinando Bonelli. The palazzo was partially demolished and rebuilt by Francesco Peparelli for its new owner, cardinal Renato Imperiali, who organised the important family library (the "Imperiali") of around 24,000 volumes.
At the start of the 18th century, the palazzo was leased to several prominent personalities, including marchese Francesco Maria Ruspoli from 1705 to 1713, who made it the site for a private theatre and hosted illustrious musicians of the time such as Handel, Alessandro Scarlatti and Arcangelo Corelli. The entire building was then acquired in 1752 by cardinal Giuseppe Spinelli, who realised a new decorative scheme for the first floor and systematised the library (meant by him for public use, and frequented by Johann Joachim Winckelmann) on the ground floor.
In 1827 the Prussian banker and consul general Vincenzo Valentini acquired the palazzo, in which he settled and to which he gave his name. The palazzo was later expanded and rebuilt at great expense, and its new owner used it to house his own collection of paintings as well as increasing the palazzo's own substantial library and archaeological collection. Completion of the works at the back of the palazzo, overlooking the column of Trajan, was entrusted to the architects Filippo Navone and Giovanni Battista Benedetti. Between 1861 and 1865 Vincenzo's son Gioacchino Valentini commissioned two further expansions on the left side, along via di Sant'Eufemia, designed by the architect Luigi Gabet. The provincial deputation of Rome acquired the palazzo as their base in 1873, commissioning the architect Gabet to complete the right side on via de’ Fornari, at the top of vicolo di San Bernardo.
Description.
The present structure of the palazzo is characterised by its grand portal, pierced by three windows on each sides, with architraves and lintels and bounded by two travertine columns. Above it is a large balustraded balcony. The great cornice, under which are small windows divided by three mensoloni, is surrounded by a balustrade. The courtyard is a portico in two orders and with 5 arcades on the short sides and 9 along the long sides, divided by Doric pilasters and rich in ancient statues.
The Palazzo's art treasures include the statue of Ulysses by Ugo Attardi, as well as works depicting "Aeneas and Anchises" and "Europa", made by Sandro Chia to commemorate the 135th anniversary of the provincial administration of Rome, now located at the entrance.
After a major restoration the excavations under Palazzo Valentini have now opened to the public on a permanent basis. A small baths complex dating from the 2nd century AD was discovered seven metres below street level under the basement of the building. It is believed to be part of a nearby residential scheme found over 100 years ago prior to the 1907 construction of Palazzo delle Assicurazioni in Piazza Venezia.
Archaeological remains.
Recent excavations in the palazzo's basement have found, around 7m below street level, a small baths complex, probably part of an adjacent residential complex already found in 1902 during surveys for the construction of Palazzo delle Assicurazioni di Venezia.
The monumental temple of the deified Trajan was traditionally thought to have been on the same site as this palazzo, but no trace of it has been found here.

</doc>
<doc id="20080634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080634" title="President's Guard">
President's Guard

The President's Guard is a newly formed unit of the Sri Lanka Army. It is responsible for the security of the President of Sri Lanka along with the President's Security Division which is the close protection agency President. It is made up of personnel from other regiments and units assigned for President's protection.
Formation.
Prior to the formation of the President's Guard, army personnel served as a squadron under the President's Security Division since 1996 and focused on key tasks including the perimeter security of Presidential residence, Temple Trees. 5th Regiment Sri Lanka Armoured Corps was the first army unit chosen to be in the dedicated security of the President of Sri Lanka during the presidency of Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga. Lieutenant Kushan Perera spearheaded the close protection team of Kumaratunga during her visit to the United States and the United Kingdom. Later the strength of the unit was increased with personnel from the Sri Lanka Light Infantry, Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment and the Gajaba Regiment.
After the unit's formation in 2008 all army personnel came under the command of this unit independent from the President's Security Division which is primarily made up of and commanded by Police personnel. This unit has participated in the Independence Day and victory day parades of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20080652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080652" title="Citadel Records">
Citadel Records

Citadel Records is an independent record label from Sydney, Australia. It was established in the early 1980s by John Needham. Bands released through Citadel include Died Pretty, Deniz Tek, Kim Salmon and the Surrealists, The Trilobites, Johnny Thunders & Patti Palladin, Harem Scarem, New Christs, Louis Tillett, The Bamboos, Screaming Tribesmen, The Stems, The Bam Balams, Sacred Cowboys, Dubrovniks, Lime Spiders, The Someloves, Lipstick Killers, Hard-Ons, The Barbarellas and Dom Mariani

</doc>
<doc id="20080678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080678" title="Ludvík Čelanský">
Ludvík Čelanský

Ludvík Vítězslav Čelanský () (July 17, 1870 in Vienna – October 27, 1931 in Prague) was a Czech conductor and composer. He was founder and first principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra.
Biography.
Jan Čelanský, Ludvík's father, worked as a kapellmeister in Horní Krupá (Havlíčkův Brod district). Ludvík studied at the gymnasium in Havlíčkův Brod, and from 1887 to 1891 at the teaching institute in Kutná Hora. He worked as a teacher in Dolní Krupá for one year before devoting himself exclusively to music. From 1892 to 1894 he studied composition with K. Stecker at the Prague Conservatory, then at the dramatic school of the National Theatre and at Pivoda Operatic School. Čelanský was engaged as a kapellmeister at the opera house in Plzeň until 1895, in Zagreb from 1898 to 1899, and then as the third kapellmeister of the National Theatre Orchestra. He was forced to withdraw in 1900 when Karel Kovařovic took the administration of the theatre.
Čelanský left for Lviv, where he established the opera house. Following his return, in 1901, he founded the Czech Philharmonic with striking members of the National Theatre Orchestra. However, he yielded the administration of the orchestra to Oskar Nedbal and returned to Lviv where he founded another institution - the Lviv Philharmonic Orchestra (1902–1904). He simultaneously led the opera stages in Kraków and in Łódź and was engaged as a director of the Philharmonic Orchestra in Kiev (from 1904 to 1905) and Warsaw (from 1905 to 1906). In 1907 Čelanský established an opera house in the Vinohrady district of Prague. Later he became the director of the Apollo Theatre in Paris (from 1909). In recognition of his performances of the works of Jacques Offenbach, Čelanský was appointed an officer of L'Académie française. During World War I, he refused the post of director at the comic opera in New York. Following the Czechoslovak proclamation of independence in 1918, Čelanský became the director of the Czech Philharmonic again, but was soon replaced by Václav Talich. Čelanský spent his later years in Prague, where he worked as a music teacher. During these years he recorded two of Dvořák's Slavonic Dances for HMV with a group of musicians from the National Theatre.
Legacy.
Čelanský concentrated his interest mainly on Slavic composers of Romantic music. He was particularly renowned as a conductor of Smetana's symphonic cycle "Má vlast (My Country)", Dvořák's "Slavonic Dances" and the works of Zdeněk Fibich. Čelanský was a talented opera conductor, but his potential was not fully realized. He contributed to the Czech and international musical culture as an organizer and founder of orchestras and music institutions.
Compositions.
The compositions of Ludvík Čelanský are deeply influenced by Romantic music. He wrote concertant melodramas in the style of Zdeněk Fibich. His only opera, "Kamilla", represents an attempt to unite melodrama and singspiel. During his time in Paris, his music was influenced by French impressionism. His compositions from this period are quite colourful. Some of his scores (e.g. Symphony ""From My Life"") remained in Kiev and in Paris. Čelanský also experimented with film music in his later years.
Opera
Orchestra
Songs
Chorus
Melodramas
Sacred

</doc>
<doc id="20080703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080703" title="Tall Tales and True">
Tall Tales and True

Tall Tales and True were a three piece band from Sydney formed in the early 1980s by Perth born musician, Matthew de la Hunty.
Biography.
Matthew de la Hunty travelled to Sydney in 1983 and formed a group with Paul Miskin (bass) and Willie Mc Cracken (drums). This unnamed outfit played only one gig at French's Tavern. Dave Rashleigh (drums) was asked by Miskin to join in 1984 to replace Mc Cracken and they then became Tall Tales and True. The band became a regular attraction on the inner-city circuit. Engineer/producer Nick Mainsbridge worked with the band on its debut, mini-album "Tall Tales & True" (on the Survival label), which produced the single "Wasted Life"/"Good Heart Gone Bad" (August 1986). Tall Tales & True issued two four-track 12-inch EPs on Survival, "Up Our Street" (1987) and "You've Got Your Troubles" (1988), before coming to the attention of fledgling independent label rooArt. 
Tall Tales and True contributed a remixed version of "You've Got Your Troubles" to rooArt's inaugural Youngblood compilation (September 1988), alongside material from The Trilobites, Martha's Vineyard, Crash Politics, Hipslingers, The Hummingbirds, Violet Town and others. That led to a full recording contract which resulted in the "Shiver" album (May 1989). Again produced by Nick Mainsbridge, the album highlighted the dramatic sweep of the band's songwriting and de la Hunty's earnest vocal delivery. "Shiver" produced the singles "Trust" (April 1989) and "Hold on" (June 1989). "Trust" received significant airplay on national youth broadcaster Triple J reaching No. 93 on the Hottest 100 for 1990 and No. 51 in 1991. The 12-inch version of "Trust" added a third track "Loser's Corner", while the "Hold On" 12-inch added "Dark Messenger" and "Lullaby # 1". 
In 1989 the band flew to Canada for a three-month tour, which they expanded to a nine-month world tour. The band initially based themselves in Toronto with violinist Simon Alcorn who'd been performing and recording with them. After Canada they went south to the United States, where Alcorn left and was replaced by Robert McComb (The Triffids). The band then moved to the United Kingdom and toured parts of England and Scotland. Tall Tales and True next released the EP "Superstition Highway" (April 1991). Rob McComb contributed electric guitar to the blustering title track. The band later added Vanessa Lucas on violin and bass guitar when Rob McComb left. They embarked on the Trilogy tour with rooArt labelmates The Hummingbirds and Canadian band The Pursuit of Happiness. Dave Goesch played lead guitar during this period. Tall Tales and True issued two new singles in the second-half of 1991, "Lifeboat" and "Summer of Love", the second of which reached No. 51 on the national chart. Both tracks were subsequently included on the band's second album, "Revenge" (May 1992). Their "Lifeboat" single earned ARIA nominations for Engineer Of The Year (for Nick Mainsbridge) and Best Video (for Brendan Young). "Revenge" featured tracks uniquely and stylistically recorded, arranged and produced with their favourite producer Nick Mainsbridge in Sydney. The album gave rise to two more singles, "Watching the Wind Blow" (May 1992) and "Looking for a Place" (October 1992), after which the band slipped from view for another two years. 
Recorded in a Sydney warehouse in mid-1994 with Mainsbridge, the album "Tilt" featured the band revisiting its garage-band roots with a noisy, ragged edge to proceedings. "Tilt" produced two CD EPs, "You Sleep I'll Drive" (October 1994) and "Moonshine" (January 1995). "Tilt" was the very first Australian album to be recorded and edited completely with computers in a digital format. Their former supportive label rooArt completely stopped supporting the band and various radio stations who'd also previously supported them stopped playing the band at this stage of their career. During one particular tour with The Jackson Code they realised it might be the time to stop. Tall Tales and True played their final show at The Annandale Hotel in 1995. 
Following the break-up of Tall Tales and True, Dave Rashleigh went on to be a member of The Jackson Code, and later Sydney based outfit WEMO. 
Paul Miskin formed the band Angel Gear in 1997 which included Dave Rashleigh on drums. They continued to record with Nick Mainsbridge and released "Friends In Low Places" in 2003 on Mainsbridge's Beat - Route label. He has played bass and toured with Plug Uglies, Margaret Urlich, The Jackson Code and Jodi Phillis. He now writes for and performs with city/country outfits Grandaddy Low and The Richest Men In Town. 
Matthew de la Hunty returned to Perth, and released his debut solo album in 1999, "Scissors, Paper, Rock", which followed on from the Tall Tales and True sound, but was more acoustic based and rough-edged. This was followed by a second album "Welcome To My Rock And Roll World" in 2001. He has also undertaken production/remix work for other artists, alongside continuing to record his own material, and lecturing in song writing and production. He formed The Smokin’ Eldorados in 2009 with Rod Radalj(Scientists, Hoodoo Gurus), performing mainly on lead guitar in the loud, largely improvised rock sound that evolved. His current band Zombie Western Baby is a return to the vocal/guitar sound reminiscent of Tall Tales and True. In Berlin May 2013 he was musical director and performer in the premiere of the dance theatre work "Good Little Soldier". 

</doc>
<doc id="20080713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080713" title="Guide Mayer">
Guide Mayer

Mayer International Auction Records aka Guide Mayer is listing international art auctions results as a dictionary for both fine art amateurs and collectors as well as art market professionals like galleries and auctioneers. 800 auction houses from 40 countries contributed information to the publication. The dictionary was first published in 1962 by Enrique Mayer up until 1982 when Enrique Mayer sold the publication to the Migros Group in Switzerland. In 1986 Migros sold the Mayer dictionary to Acatos Editions in Lausanne, which published the book until 2001. In 1993 Editions Acatos sold an electronic publishing licence to Digital Media Resources Ltd. from London for the duration of 10 years. The Mayer International Auction Records database was first published on CD-ROM by Digital Media Resources in 1994 and the database was first published online on the internet in 1996 on artlibrary.com. In 1997 David Dehaeck purchased the name and the totality of the publishing rights from Silvio Acatos, publisher and principal owner of Edition Acatos. In 2000 David Dehaeck sold the title and the publishing rights to iCollector.com from London that soon after became part of LiveAuction Group from Canada.
Guide Mayer quotations.
Listing by artists as a dictionary, the book was split into categories such as

</doc>
<doc id="20080714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20080714" title="Concordat between bodies inspecting, regulating and auditing health or social care">
Concordat between bodies inspecting, regulating and auditing health or social care

The Concordat between bodies inspecting, regulating and auditing health or social care (2004) is a "voluntary agreement between organisations that regulate, audit, inspect or review elements of health and healthcare in England". It is made up of 10 objectives designed to promote closer working between the signatories. Each objective is underpinned by a number of practices that focus developments on areas that will help to secure effective implementation.
Signatories.
There are full and associate signatories to the concordat.
A similar agreement was concluded by bodies reviewing health and social care in Wales in 2005.

</doc>
