<doc id="19814105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814105" title="Stereopony">
Stereopony

, was a pop rock band that formed in Okinawa, Japan in 2007 and disbanded in 2012. The three-girl band consisted of Aimi Haraguni (lead vocals and guitar), Nohana Kitajima (bass guitar), and Shiho Yamanoha (drums). They were signed to the Sony Records music label. The band released 11 singles and three studio albums.
History.
2007–2010.
Before their major debut, the band was named Mixbox. Under that name, the girls won the grand prize at the 2007 Young People Music Festival. Later, they renamed the band Stereopony and took part at the 2008 Okinawa Sound Stage with the song that was supposed to be released as their debut single on September 24, 2008 but was canceled. The band gained their first opportunity on the Japanese rock radio program "School of Lock!".
They were officially announced of their major debut in June 2008. Their song "Hitohira no Hanabira" was the 17th ending theme for the anime series "Bleach". The single was released on November 5, 2008. It ranked No. 25 on the Oricon weekly singles chart as well as winning second place in Rocochoku's Newcomer Competition in the same month. Their second single was "Namida no Mukou", released on February 11, 2009, which was used as the second opening theme for the second season of the "Mobile Suit Gundam 00" anime series. Their third single, "I Do It", is a collaboration with fellow Sony Music Japan singer Yui, and was released on April 22, 2009. Yui's musical producer Hisashi Kondo produced and directed the single.
On March 21, 2009, the girls performed at SXSW 2009 in Austin, Texas. A few months later, Stereopony released their debut album "Hydrangea ga Saiteiru". It debuted at No. 7 on the Oricon weekly album chart. The song "Seishun ni, Sono Namida ga Hitsuyou da!" from the album was featured in a Japanese Lipton iced tea TV commercial. Shortly after, the band went on their first tour, "A Hydrangea Blooms". Along with the tour goods, there were 50 signed Score Band books in each venue for purchase. In August 2009, Stereopony released their fourth single "Smilife". "Smilife" was used as the theme song for the 2009 anime film "Yatterman: Shin Yatter Mecha Daishūgō! Omocha no Kuni de Daikessen da Koron!". Their fifth single, "Tsukiakari no Michishirube", was released on November 4, 2009. "Tsukiakari no Michishirube" was the opening theme to the 2009 anime series "". It was their second single to reach the top ten Oricon singles chart, peaking at No. 8. Stereopony's sixth single "Hanbunko" was released on September 17, 2010; "Hanbunko" is a cover originally released by Bivattchee in 2002. Stereopony's seventh single, "Over Drive", was released on May 12, 2010 and was used for the opening theme for the Japanese drama "Pro Golfer Hana".
In June 2010, Stereopony released their second studio album "Over The Border" and returned to the United States to perform at AnimeNEXT, the first anime convention the band performed at in the United States. "Over The Border" was released on June 9, 2010 and ranked No. 12 on Oricon. Stereopony's national tour, "Stereopony TOUR 2010 'Over The Border (that was planned to start on July 26) was postponed due to Shiho's aggravated tendinitis. Their eighth single, "Chiisana Mahō", was released on December 8, 2010, and the title song was used as the first opening theme for the anime "Tegami Bachi: Reverse".
2011–2012.
On January 14, 2011, fellow all-girl rock band and label mate Scandal announced on their official Twitter account that Stereopony and Scandal would be performing at Shibuya-AX with supporting acts from ByeByeBoy, Cossami and Hi-Lab. This collaboration, was scheduled for March 11, 2011. However, due to the "2011 Tōhoku earthquake", the performance was postponed to June 26, 2011. Stereopony performed at Anime Boston 2011 as special guests at the Hynes Convention Center on April 23. They played a wide selection of songs from both albums and their latest single, as well as a cover of Green Day's "American Idiot". Shortly after returning from their appearance at Anime Boston, the group announced they would be providing the theme song to the 2011 film . Stereopony attended a press release event for the upcoming film, for which they are providing the theme song.
Stereopony collaborated with the band Kariyushi58 to produce the single released on August 10, 2011. Stereopony contributed the song on the Zone tribute album released on August 10, 2011; "Akashi" is a cover of Zone's 2002 single. On July 16, 2011, Aimi officially started an Ameblo blog. The band's tenth single, , was released on September 28, 2011. The music video for "Arigatō", released on September 1, 2011, features film actor Abe Hiroshi; he is also on the cover of the version B release of the single. Stereopony released their third studio album "More! More!! More!!!" on December 7, 2011. Their song "I Am A Hero" from their album "More! More!! More!!!" was featured as the third ending theme of "Pokémon Smash!".
Their 11th single "Stand By Me" was released on May 30, 2012; the title song was used as the ending theme of "". Stereopony attended as special guests for Anime Festival Asia: Indonesia 2012. Stereopony contributed the song "Again" on the Yui tribute album "She Loves You" released on October 24, 2012; "Again" is a cover of Yui's 2009 single. After the band took a one-month break during Aimi's throat polyp surgery, the members decided to disband in October 2012. Their 12th and final single was released as the split single "Just Rock With Me / Namida Nante Mishite Yannai". "Just Rock With Me" is the debut single of Evanpony, a band consisting of the members of Stereopony and Evan Taubenfeld. A compilation album titled "Best of Stereopony" was released on November 21, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19814146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814146" title="Luscombe 10">
Luscombe 10

__NOTOC__
The Luscombe 10 was a single-seat sport aircraft built in the United States in 1945. It was a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed, tailwheel undercarriage and designed for aerobatics. The wings, tail unit, and engine section were all adapted from the Luscombe 8, while the fuselage centre section was an all-new design, relocating the Model 8's wings from a high to low position.
Despite promising results from flight testing, Luscombe ultimately felt that there was not a sufficient market for the type, and development was halted almost immediately. The sole prototype (registration NX-33337) was destroyed in 1948 for tax reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19814151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814151" title="Alexander M. Thompson">
Alexander M. Thompson

Alexander Mattock Thompson (9 May 1861 – 25 March 1948), sometimes credited as A. M. Thompson, was a German-born English journalist and dramatist. From the 1880s, Thompson wrote for socialist newspapers and journals, co-founding "The Clarion" in 1891. He became an important librettist of Edwardian musical comedies in the early 20th century.
Biography.
Thompson was born in Karlsruhe, Germany, of English parents. When he was five years old, the family moved to Paris, where he was educated at the Lycée Saint-Louis.
Thompson began a career as a journalist in Manchester, England, writing for several papers in the 1880s and meeting the socialist writer Robert Blatchford, who would become his lifelong friend. In 1891, with capital of only £400, Thompson, Blatchford and others founded the socialist newspaper "The Clarion" in Manchester, which was important in promoting the Labour Party. The editors' views were much influenced by the writings of William Morris. In addition to writing on social topics, Thompson wrote theatre criticism, travel articles and on other subjects under the pseudonym 'Dangle'. "The Clarion's" life was always precarious, but among its successes was a series of articles by Blatchford, collected in a volume entitled "Merrie England", dedicated to Thompson. It was said that for every convert to socialism made by "Das Kapital" there were a hundred made by "Merrie England".
Thompson's first professional works for the stage in the late 1890s were scripts for pantomimes written for Robert Courtneidge, who was then the manager of the Prince's Theatre in Manchester. Thompson then collaborated with Courtneidge on many of his libretti.
Thompson then turned to Edwardian musical comedies, revising the libretto of Walter Ellis's "The Blue Moon" (1905) after Ellis's death. He next supplied the text for Courtneidge's "The Dairymaids" (1906 at the Apollo Theatre), which became internationally successful. In 1907, Thompson and Courtneidge adapted Henry Fielding's "Tom Jones" as a comic opera with music by Edward German, also at the Apollo. Two years later, at the Shaftesbury Theatre, he collaborated on the hit musical "The Arcadians", one of the most famous and enduring musicals of its era.
In 1911, Thompson wrote a book describing his travels in Germany, Russia, China, Spain and, especially, Japan, entitled "Japan for a Week, Britain Forever", published by J. Lane. "The Manchester Guardian" commented that the book "revealed his powers both as a stylist and as a keen observer."
Thompson returned to writing for the stage with an original book for a Japanese-set musical romance, "The Mousmé" (1911, Shaftesbury), but this flopped. Collaborating again with Courtneidge, he adapted the composer Leo Fall's operetta "Der liebe Augustin" as "Princess Caprice" (1912, Shaftesbury). Other works with Courtneidge followed, but none of these found an audience. In 1916, his revusical set in ancient Rome called "Oh, Caesar!" played with some success in Edinburgh, Scotland. "The Rebel Maid" in 1921, a return to light opera with Courtneidge, played 114 London performances at the Empire Theatre. A 1924 play was "The Bohemians" produced by Courtneidge.
During World War I and afterwards, Thompson wrote many articles for the "Weekly Dispatch" concerning the Labour movement, the condition of the poor and other social topics. He also wrote for the "Daily Mail" and later the "News Chronicle" and "The Manchester Guardian". In 1937, he published an autobiography, "Here I Lie - The Memorial of an Old Journalist".
Thompson died in London at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19814165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814165" title="You are Christ">
You are Christ

You are Christ is an ancient prayer to Jesus attributed to Saint Augustine of Hippo, in the 4th or 5th century.
The title of the prayer is reminiscent of the statement of Saint Peter to Jesus: "You are the Christ" (Matthew 16:16) (Mark 8:29).
The prayer has three parts. The first part is a list of titles and salutations to Jesus. The second part involves a set of conversational questions. The third part is a list of petitions to Jesus.
Words of the prayer.
You are Christ,
my Holy Father,
my Tender God,
my Great King,
my Good Shepherd,
my Only Master,
my Best Helper,
my Most Beautiful and my Beloved,
my Living Bread,
my Priest Forever,
my Leader to my Country,
my True Light,
my Holy Sweetness,
my Straight Way,
my Excellent Wisdom,
my Pure Simplicity,
my Peaceful Harmony,
my Entire Protection,
my Good Portion,
my Everlasting Salvation.
Christ Jesus, Sweet Lord,
why have I ever loved,
why in my whole life
have I ever desired anything except You,
Jesus my God?
Where was I when I was not in spirit with You?
Now, from this time forth,
do you, all my desires, grow hot,
and flow out upon the Lord Jesus:
run... you have been tardy until now;
hasten where you are going;
seek Whom you are seeking.
O, Jesus may he who loves You
not be an anathema;
may he who loves You
not be filled with bitterness.
O, Sweet Jesus,
may every good feeling that is fitted for Your praise,
love You, delight in You, adore You!
God of my heart,
and my Portion, Christ Jesus,
may my heart faint away in spirit,
and may You be my Life within me!
May the live coal of Your Love
grow hot within my spirit
and break forth into a perfect fire;
may it burn incessantly on the altar of my heart;
may it glow in my innermost being;
may it blaze in hidden recesses of my soul;
and in the days of my consummation
may I be found consummated with You!
Amen.

</doc>
<doc id="19814184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814184" title="Sadie Farrell">
Sadie Farrell

Sadie Farrell (fl. 1869) was an American criminal, gang leader and river pirate known under the pseudonym Sadie the Goat. She first came to prominence as a vicious street mugger in New York's "Bloody" Fourth Ward. Upon encountering a lone traveler, she would headbutt men in the stomach and her male accomplice would hit the victim with a sling-shot and rob them. Sadie, according to popular underworld lore, was engaged in a longtime feud with rival female bouncer Gallus Mag. Mag bit off Sadie's ear in a bar fight.
Leaving the area in disgrace, she ventured to the waterfront area in West Side Manhattan. It was while wandering the dockyards in the spring of 1869 that she witnessed members of the Charlton Street Gang unsuccessfully attempting to board a small sloop anchored in mid-river. Watching the men being driven back across the river by a handful of the ship's crew, she offered her services to the men and became the gang's leader. Within days, she engineered the successful hijacking of a larger sloop and, with ""the Jolly Roger flying from the masthead"", she and her crew reputedly sailed up and down the Hudson and Harlem Rivers raiding small villages, robbing farm houses and riverside mansions and occasionally kidnapping men, woman and children for ransom. She was said to have made several male prisoners ""walk the plank"".
Sadie and her men continued their activities for several months and stashed their cargo in several hiding spots until they could be gradually disposed of through fences and pawn shops along the Hudson and East Rivers. By the end of the summer however, farmers had begun resisting the raids, attacking landing parties with gunfire. The group abandoned the sloop and Sadie returned to the Fourth Ward, where she was now known as the ""Queen of the Waterfront"". She made a truce with Gallus Mag, who returned Sadie's ear. Mag had displayed it in a pickled jar at her bar. Sadie afterward kept it in a locket and wore around her neck for the rest of her life.
Sadie is referenced in several historical novels, most notably, J. T. Edson's "Law of the Gun" (1968), Tom Murphy's "Lily Cigar" (1979), Bart Sheldon's "Ruby Sweetwater and the Ringo Kid" (1981) and Thomas J. Fleming's "A Passionate Girl" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="19814186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814186" title="Hobo Day">
Hobo Day

Hobo Day is the homecoming celebration for South Dakota State University. It is usually celebrated in October or early November. The year 2012 will mark the 100th Anniversary of Hobo Day (Hobo Day has been cancelled just twice: once during World War I and a second time in 1942 during World War II). 
Origin of Hobo Day.
The origin of Hobo Day can be traced back to 1907. A sequence of events occurred that spurred the homecoming celebration that is celebrated today.
Commonly mistaken for as Hobo Days. This is inaccurate, it is Hobo Week and Hobo Day.
In the fall of 1907, SDSU (then South Dakota State College) played Dakota Wesleyan at home in Brookings, South Dakota. The students, hungry for a win, participated in a "Nightshirt Parade" to stir up enthusiasm for the upcoming game. The men dressed in their nightshirts and women dressed in sheets. The students continued the tradition every homecoming day until in 1911, when the college administration deemed it undignified and un-ladylike for women to dress up in sheets and wander the streets. As a result, the homecoming tradition was ended and a new one needed to form. 
A student by the name of Adam Ducher brought up a concept he had seen attempted at the University of Missouri that had students dress up as hobos and bums that was ultimately dropped from their homecoming celebrations for various reasons. Without a real event to partake in during homecoming, the concept took wing with much enthusiasm from the student body.
The first Hobo Day occurred November 2, 1912. The men were to grow beards for approximately one month and the women were to dress as Indian maidens on Hobo Day. After all the preparation was complete, the entire student body participating in Hobo Day journeyed to the train station to meet the opposing football team. According to the student newspaper, "The onlooker could not have told whether he was in an 1849 Indian village or a Twentieth Century division point on the Northwestern railroad." The new homecoming celebration was a huge success and is still currently in place.
Parade.
The Hobo Day parade also included floats built by students that drove down the main street. During the 1940s and 50s, the floats were described as "enormous and spectacular." Due to safety concerns and collapsing floats due to their enormous size, the floats were built smaller and to more manageable proportions. One particular float that caused a sharp decline in float building was a large elaborate float that had an outhouse on the back containing a student with his pants around his ankles on the toilet. After several newspapers in the region declared SDSU students as "vulgar," the college shied away from obscene and large floats. 
The parade is Grand Marshalled by a notable alumni or dignitary selected by the Grand Pooba, who is the head of the Hobo Day Committee.
Bum Mobile.
The parade is ended by the Grand Pooba riding through on the historic Bum Mobile. For seven decades, the Bummobile has led the Hobo Day Parade past the Campanile along Medary Avenue. Otherwise, with the exception of a select number of summer parades, the 1912 Ford Model T remains displayed in a large glass encasing in the Hobo Day Gallery, a Hobo Day showcase room in the SDSU University Student Union, built in 2010. The year of the Bummobile (1912) is significant because it marks the celebration of the first Hobo Day. The Bummobile has been the lead entry in every Hobo Day parade since 1938, with the exception of 1942, when Hobo Day and classes were cancelled so students could help with the World War II effort. The Bummobile was donated in 1938 by Frank Weigel, a farmer from Flandreau, S.D. The Model T has shepherded homecoming grand poobas, parade grand marshals and even a U.S. president. 
Former Grand Pooba Sara French said a series of problems has arisen in recent years. The Bummobile has started on fire; a tire has fallen off and the brakes have given out. The car had to be pushed through the parade route in 2006. That has prompted French and the Hobo Day Committee to launch an effort to repair and restore the Bummobile.
Current Hobo Day events.
The events throughout the week, named Hobo Week, are facilitated by South Dakota State University's Program Council (UPC). One of 12 coordinators selected to be on UPC is the Grand Pooba. Whomever is Grand Pooba is in charge of selecting and maintaining a committee of students to plan, promote, and execute Hobo Week. Campus organizations and residence halls compete throughout the week for spirit points. Most of the events during the week, excluding the Cavorts Talent Show, involve a spirit point aspect. Points are awarded to teams for participation and winning events. The score is kept in the entrance way of the University Student Union. 
One Month Club: Males grow their beards out and females grow out their leg hair. The male and female with the longest hair wins. 
Paint the Town Various businesses in Brookings volunteer to have their windows painted, each team is assigned a window to paint and a winner is chosen based on creativity, theme, and school spirit. 
Scavenger Hunt Each team is given a list of things to find from around campus. Examples include a bag of the Grand Pooba's favorite candy, and an SDSU pin. 
Bum Olympics Teams from various campus organizations and residence halls compete in a variety of "hobo" athletics.
Miss Homelycoming This event allows the male population to compete in a beauty pageant dressed as girls. Talent, swimsuit, and interview are some of the judged categories. 
Residence Hall Lobby Decorating Each of the residence halls on campus decorate their lobby, usually in full glory. 
Bum-A-Meal Students sign up to participate in a meal one evening of the Hobo week. When they arrive for the event, they are given an address and go to eat at a home in the Brookings community. 
Hobos 'CAN' do it and Hobos vs. Hunger Organizations bring all of the aluminum cans that they have been saving up to donate them to the can drive. Hobos vs. Hunger is a canned food drive that channels the energy of the week into a good cause. 
Bonfire Traditionally, the Thursday night before the game, students flock out to the "Backyard" for a large bonfire. The local fire department has a large presence at this event! A concert often occurs before or after the bonfire.
Cavorts Talent Show The student talent show takes place the Friday night before Hobo Day. Cavorts, which often sells out in advance, is held in the Performing Arts Center (PAC). The acts performing go through an audition process much earlier in the semester and are selected to perform in the show by student leaders. Once chosen, the acts compete for cash prizes at the actual event. Popular faculty and staff are often chosen to judge acts based on various attributes. In 2010, an audience-voted Fan Favorite prize was introduced to accompany the traditional judge-voted first, second, and third place prizes. 
Hobo Day 5k The morning of Hobo Day, there is a 5k sponsored by the local running group, Prairie Striders.
Hobo Day Gallery.
The Bummobile is the inspiration for the Hobo Day Gallery located in the northwest corner of the Student Union.
The fully restored Bummobile is the centerpiece of the gallery which includes other Hobo Day memorabilia. The Hobo Day Committee helped develop the vision for the Hobo Day Gallery, which serves as a living gallery for students, alumni and visitors to reconnect and to share time-honored traditions of the past. The Class of 1958 took a leadership role in private fundraising for the project and an anonymous member of the Class of 1958 pledged $75,000 as a challenge match to spur donations. 
In Fall 2011, a sculpture of Hobo Day icon Weary Wil with his ever-faithful dog following him, was erected outside the North entrance to the University Student Union, near the glass windows showcasing the Bummobile in the Hobo Day Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19814211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814211" title="Fosheim Peninsula">
Fosheim Peninsula

The Fosheim Peninsula is located in western Ellesmere Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut. Eureka, a permanent research community, is located on the north side of Slidre Fiord, a few kilometers east of Eureka Sound. While the peninsula was first sighted by the Arctic explorer Adolphus Greely in 1881, it wasn't explored until 1899 by Otto Sverdrup, who named it after Ivar Fosheim, a member of his expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="19814214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814214" title="Highway M04 (Ukraine)">
Highway M04 (Ukraine)

' is a state international highway in Ukraine connecting Znamianka to Krasnodon on the border with Russia, where it connects to Russian International Highway '. 
In Soviet times M04 was part the M21 highway. Today M04 stretches through four oblasts and ends at the border checkpoint Izvaryne which is part of Krasnodon city (Luhansk Oblast).

</doc>
<doc id="19814241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814241" title="Jiangbei District, Ningbo">
Jiangbei District, Ningbo

Jiangbei District () is a country-level district under the jurisdiction of Ningbo city in Zhejiang Province of the People's Republic of China. The district's total area is 209 square kilometers, which is the largest subdivision in traditional urban area of Ningbo city (name as Haishu, Jiangdong and Jiangbei). Jiangbei District is famous for its historical sites such as the Old Bund, which oversaw the history of international trade of Ningbo, and Cicheng Town, an ancient town which lasts more than 1000 years.
Geography.
Jiangbei District lie in the middle of Ningbo Municipality, in south of Cixi city, east of Yuyao city and west of Zhenhai District. Yong River separates Jiangbei from Haishu District and Jiangdong District. The district have 27 kilometers from its west to east, and 20 kilometers from north to south. Planes make up most of the lands in Jiangbei District, while in the north of the district there are hills. Many rivers ran in Jiangbei and empties into Yong River. The district is rich in water resources.
History.
Jiangbei District was founded in May 1951 after the foundation of People's Republic of China. However, the history of Jiangbei can be tracked back to Gouzhang(句章) City, which was built by Goujian, the king of State of Yue. In the year 621, Gouzhang was separated into Yaozhou and Yinzhou. In the year 738, the land that now belongs to Jiangbei was in the area of Mao(鄮) County. In the year 738, Mingzhou was established and Mao County was separated into Cixi, Fenghua, Mao and Wengshan. The western part of what was Jiangbei now belongs to Cixi County, and the eastern part belongs to Mao (and later Yin) County. In 809, Yin County was also separated into Wanghai County (currently Zhenhai District). From then on till 1951 the land that now belongs to Jiangbei was in the area of three different counties: Cixi, Yin and Zhenhai.
After the foundation of PRC, Jiangbei District was founded as well as another new district called Jiao District. In 1984 these two districts merged into Jiangbei District.
Administrative regions.
The district administers seven street offices and one town.
Street offices: Zhongma Street, Baisha Street, Kongpu Street, Wenjiao Street, Yongjiang Street, Zhuangqiao Street, and Hongtang Street.
Town: Cicheng.
Economy.
Jiangbei Industrial Zone is an important area of manufacture in Ningbo. Plastic mechanics, dies, automobile parts are products in massive manufacture in Jiangbei. The district is also featured by its non-ferrous metal industry and shipping.
Culture and Tourism.
Jiangbei District is rich in history and culture. Cicheng Town was famous for its long history. It was the political center of Cixi County from Tang Dynasty till the foundation of PRC, hence many historic buildings were kept as they were.
The Old Bund besides Yong River was constructed in 1844, earlier than the famous Shanghai Bund. It oversaw the history when Ningbo opened to foreign trade in 1844 and was characterized by European styled offices, cathedrals and streets.
Built in Northern Song Dynasty, Baoguo Temple is the second oldest Buddhist temple in south China.

</doc>
<doc id="19814267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814267" title="BK Gulbenes Buki">
BK Gulbenes Buki

BK Gulbenes Buki, formerly known as ASK/Buki, are a Latvian basketball team participating in the Latvian Basketball League. The team roster contains only Latvian-born players.
Achievements.
Best achievements in the domestic league:
Roster.
Current roster as of September 25, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19814279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814279" title="Zion Memorial Chapel (New Hamburg, New York)">
Zion Memorial Chapel (New Hamburg, New York)

Zion Memorial Chapel, now known as St. Nicholas-on-the-Hudson, is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at 37 Point Street in New Hamburg, New York, United States. It was built in 1902 as a chapel of nearby Zion Church in Wappingers Falls and became a separate parish in 1983.
The small wooden church building overlooks the nearby Hudson River. It was built in the early 20th century in a late interpretation of the Gothic Revival architectural style. For that reason it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Building.
The church is a one-story frame structure on a brick foundation. It takes a form common to late 19th-century rural churches, with a main block housing the sanctuary and projecting pavilions housing the front vestibule and altar. It is sided in brown-stained wood shingles. The steeply-pitched cross-gabled roof is covered in slate with a belfry. Its ridges end in jerkin heads with a metallic wave-shaped finial. At the eaves the roof flares into soffits decorated with scroll-sawn rafter ends and brackets. The front entranceway also has decorative bracework.
On either side there is, in the middle of the cross-gable, a group of three narrow Gothic-arched windows. They are filled with translucent leaded glass bordered by stained glass. On the rear, over the altar, is a stained-glass window in a rosette pattern.
The church's interior has not been altered since its construction. It is finished entirely in plaster, with two four-globed gasoliers hanging from the ceiling. Two sets of unpainted wooden pews are divided by a center aisle. An all-purpose room in the basement serves as the vicar's office and storage space.
History.
When the Zion Episcopal Church of Wappingers Falls was founded in 1876, its parish included nearby New Hamburg. Two of its congregants, William Henry Willis and his wife Adele Satterlee, pushed for the construction of the chapel around 1900 to serve residents in the latter community. Satterlee, who was also a close relative of Zion's rector, pushed for the church commission to be given to her nephew Edward Lansing Satterlee. Following President William McKinley's assassination in 1901, contributions to the building fund rose and it was decided to add "Memorial" to the chapel's name.
No significant alterations have been made to the building since it opened in 1902. It was maintained jointly by laypeople and clergy until 1983, when it became its own parish. As of 2008 its congregation has about 40–50 members. It is the only institutional building in New Hamburg still used for its original purpose.
Aesthetics.
The Gothic Revival style had largely been discarded for new churches in the United States by the turn of the 20th century, as the newer Romanesque Revival became the preferred. Satterlee's design therefore represents the final stage of its evolution, begun with the ideas of the American Ecclesiological Movement in the 1840s.
Its most prominent Gothic Revival features are the cross-gabled roof, lancet windows, and the plaster and unpainted wood of the interior. However, Satterlee incorporated some aspects of later 19th-century trends as well. The cross-bracing on the vestibule porch and the use of shingled siding suggest the Stick and Shingle styles respectively. The textural contrast of the brick, wood and slate exterior surfaces and the flaring rakeboards presage touches that became more common in the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19814287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814287" title="Mogok (film)">
Mogok (film)

Mogok is a 1957 film directed by K.M. Basker and produced by Malay Film Productions. The term "mogok" literally means 'strike' in Malay language.'
Plot.
Hamzah (S. Kadarisman), a factory manager, is having an affair with his boss's wife and is also planning a strike in the factory. Two of his colleagues, initially co-conspirators, decide to put an end to his plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19814375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814375" title="Singapore GNU Group">
Singapore GNU Group

The Singapore GNU Group is a socio-political group in Singapore. The group is interested in the free software movement based on the development of the GNU operating system, with Linux as the kernel. The purpose of the group is to provide an opportunity to share knowledge and discuss issues with likeminded people in Singapore.
Positions of the Singapore GNU Group.
The Singapore GNU Group supports, along with the Free Software Foundation, the rights to the freedoms of speech, association and opinion in order to build an open information society based on shared culture, free knowledge, and protected privacy on the Internet.
The Singapore GNU Group's organization models itself after the Mozilla Foundation. She is a virtual organization with no office or registered address in Singapore. As far the group is concerned, their entire existence is electronic. The group's official members size will be less than ten (10) to avoid any possible violation with the Singapore's Societies Act.
The Singapore GNU Group will work with all free software groups in upholding and strengthening the philosophy, ideals and legel framework of the free software movement in consonance with the FSF.

</doc>
<doc id="19814395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814395" title="Jan Prandota">
Jan Prandota

Jan Prandota (c. 1200 – 20 September 1266) was bishop of Kraków from 1242 to his death in 1266.
Prandota is recorded as having driven the Flagellants from his diocese, and was influential in achieving the canonization of Stanislaus of Szczepanów, whose relics he translated to Wawel Cathedral in 1245.
As part of an attempt in the 15th century by Bishop Zbigniew Oleśnicki to expand the cult of Saint Stanislaus, the tomb of Prandota was "miraculously and conveniently rediscovered" in Wawel Cathedral in 1454, lists of Prandota's miracles were recorded, and pilgrimages to the newly discovered burial site were encouraged. This veneration ceased in the 17th century, due to what the "Catholic Encyclopedia" called a misinterpretation of the 1634 bull "De cultu servorum Dei" of Urban VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="19814450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814450" title="Purbi Joshi">
Purbi Joshi

Purbi Joshi (Hindi: पूर्बी जोशी "Pūrbī Jōśī") (Born: August 19, 1984) is an Indian television actress and voice-dubbing actress who speaks Hindi.
Biography.
Purbi Joshi is the daughter of well known television actor Sarita Joshi and sister of Ketki Joshi (Ketki Dave, after marriage). In 1995, Purbi got her first break in Faasle TV serial.
Though born and brought up in Mumbai, Purbi says that she follows Gujarati traditions quite closely. “I love the cuisine especially undhiyu, handvo, dhokla and everything my mom cooks,” she says, adding that though she doesn’t visit Gujarat much, her memories are of warm people, great food and fantastic hospitality. 
It’s not an unknown fact that there’s a serious dearth of good women comedians in the Indian television industry. But Purbi Joshi has been successfully filling that void by enthralling audiences with her impersonation of Hema Malini, Aishwarya Rai, Rakhi Sawant and the likes on The Great Indian Comedy Show. “As a child I was always known for making my classmates and teachers laugh. I guess I inherited that from my mom and sisters who have a great flair for comedy,” says Purbi, adding that it was a natural progression for her to make a living out of something she used to do in her daily life, training backstage and I have been acting since I was 16 with my mother in theatre productions,” she says, adding that her childhood memories are about rehearsals and parties where actors talked about art and culture. Though Purbi’s first role was in "Faasle" on Sony TV, she became a known face after acting in "Mehndi Tere Naam Ki" as one of the sisters. “I have also been the lead in the first television show on twins in India, called "Dishayen".”

</doc>
<doc id="19814483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814483" title="Nannina de' Medici">
Nannina de' Medici

Nannina de' Medici (14 February 1448 – 14 May 1493), born Lucrezia de' Medici, was the third daughter of Piero di Cosimo de' Medici and Lucrezia Tornabuoni. She was thus the elder sister of Lorenzo de' Medici. She married Bernardo Rucellai. Her father's name was Piero, so she is sometimes known as Lucrezia di Piero de' Medici.
Life.
Lucrezia de' Medici was born in Florence on 14 February 1448, the third daughter of Piero di Cosimo de' Medici and Lucrezia Tornabuoni. She was nicknamed Nannina, which had been the nickname of her great-grandmother Piccarda Bueri. She received a cultured and refined education.
In 1461, at the age of about 13, she was married to Bernardo Rucellai with a dowry of 2500 "fiorini d'oro". Nannina was brought to her husband's house five years later, on 8 June 1466. The wedding feast was famous for its opulence: 500 guests were seated on a triangular dais which occupied the loggia and the whole of the piazza and the street in front of Palazzo Rucellai. The couple had four sons, Cosimo, Pietro, Palla and Giovanni.
Nannina de' Medici died on 14 May 1493.
Portraits.
No portrait of Nannina is reliably identified.

</doc>
<doc id="19814517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814517" title="LVG C.V">
LVG C.V

__NOTOC__
The LVG C.V was a reconnaissance aircraft produced in large numbers in Germany during World War I. It was a conventional two-bay biplane design of its day, with unstaggered wings of equal span and tandem, open cockpits for the pilot and observer. The ailerons, fitted only to the upper wing, featured aerodynamic balances that extended past the wingtips. The fuselage was a semi-monocoque construction skinned in wood.
Following the war, some C.Vs were used as civil transports, while some 150 machines captured by Polish forces were put to use by the Polish army. Other post-war users included Russia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia; together operating about 30 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19814538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814538" title="Li Xian">
Li Xian

Li Xian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19814545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814545" title="List of Nobel laureates affiliated with Princeton University">
List of Nobel laureates affiliated with Princeton University

The Nobel Prizes are awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, the Karolinska Institute, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee to individuals who make outstanding contributions in the fields of chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. They were established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which dictates that the awards should be administered by the Nobel Foundation. Another prize, the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, was established in 1968 by the Sveriges Riksbank, the central bank of Sweden, for contributors to the field of economics. Each prize is awarded by a separate committee; the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, and Economics, the Karolinska Institute awards the Prize in Physiology or Medicine, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Prize in Peace. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a cash prize that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, the winners of the first Nobel Prizes were given 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007. In 2008, the winners were awarded a prize amount of 10,000,000 SEK. The awards are presented in Stockholm in an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
In October 2008, 11 then-current faculty and research staff at Princeton University were Nobel laureates. By 2013, the cumulative total of Nobel laureates affiliated with Princeton was 36. Princeton claims laureates who attended as students or who were employed when they received the Prize or did the research leading to it. Woodrow Wilson, the former president of Princeton, was the first Princeton-affiliated laureate, winning the Nobel Peace Prize in 1919. Four Nobel Prizes were shared by Princeton laureates: James Cronin and Val Logsdon Fitch won the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics, Russell Alan Hulse and Joseph Hooton Taylor, Jr. won the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physics, David Gross and Frank Wilczek won the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physics, and Thomas Sargent and Christopher Sims won the 2011 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics. Seventeen Princeton laureates have won the Nobel Prize in Physics, more than any other category. Twenty-two laureates were members of the Princeton faculty, 12 laureates received their Ph.D. at Princeton, and four laureates, Woodrow Wilson, Eugene O'Neill, Gary Becker, and Michael Spence, were Princeton undergraduates.

</doc>
<doc id="19814550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814550" title="Phantoms of the High Seas">
Phantoms of the High Seas

Phantoms of the High Seas is the tenth album by gothic duo Nox Arcana. The theme of the album is pirate lore and stories of ghost ships. Instrumentation includes deep bass horns, pounding drums, string instruments, and narration by Joseph Vargo telling the tale of a doomed pirate vessel called "The Tempest." The instrumentals are accompanied by sound effects that include a howling wind and the snap of sails, the sound of creaking as of a wooden boat left derelict at sea, an eerie yet alluring chorus like that of a siren calling sailors to their doom, male voices of the ship's crew as they call out to the beat of a dirge while rowing, and thunderous sounds of cannon fire.
In the spirit of Nox Arcana's ongoing quest to incorporate puzzles into their cd packaging, the album artwork contains a treasure map and several ciphers.
From the liner notes: "Hearken ye pirates and black-hearted sea dogs... Nox Arcana beckons ye to set sail upon the haunted seas where ghost ships prowl the misty dead of night and ancient treasure lies buried far below the endless waves. This epic soundscape explores the mysteries of the deep with dynamic orchestrations, ghostly melodies, pirate anthems and gothic choirs. Set a course for high adventure!"
The release date for this album coincides with Columbus Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19814565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814565" title="Susan Isabel Dacre">
Susan Isabel Dacre

Susan Isabel Dacre (1844 – 1933), known as Isabel Dacre, was an English artist of the Victorian era.
She was born in Leamington, Warwickshire, and was educated at a convent school in Salford. For the decade of 1858–68 she lived in Paris, first attending school and later working as a governess. After a winter in Italy (1869), she returned to Paris, and was present during the Franco-Prussian War and the Paris Commune. She returned to England in 1871 and began studying art at the Manchester School of Art, where she won the Queen's Prize in 1875. She began a lifelong friendship with fellow artist Annie Swynnerton; the two women pursued their art studies in Rome and Paris between 1874 and 1880.
Around 1872, Lord Leighton dictated notes and observations on his methods of painting and composing his pictures to Isabel Dacre, during a stay on the island of Capri.
Portraits and the Académie Julian.
From 1877-1880 she was in Paris at the Académie Julian with a fellow - pupil Marie Bashkirtseff and bracketed with her as first in the concourse mentioned in the famous diary.
Dacre was associated with Julian’s atelier on two different occasions:
1878-1879 when she completed a striking black and white chalk drawing, "Portrait of a Young Girl in a Satin Cap," ca. 1879, which is owned by the Andre Del Debbio Collection, Paris.
Later she accomplished several works that gained her entry to the Paris Salon. For example, her Salon entry in 1881 was a portrait: "Portrait of Mme. F.W. " (no 579.) 
Manchester Art Gallery own a poignant oil painting "Italian Women In Church."Throughout her career her portraits were admired in Italy, England and Paris.
After living in London for a time she returned to Manchester in 1883 and shared a studio in 10 King Street with the artist Mary Florence Monkhouse. After much campaigning by both Dacre and Monkhouse in 1897 Dacre was made a member of the council of the Manchester Academy of Fine Arts and Monkhouse was appointed auditor.
At the Royal Jubilee Exhibition, Manchester 1887 she had her work on display, and assisted Ford Madox Brown with the decoration of the exhibition’s dome.
Feminist and Suffragette.
Dacre was a noted feminist and suffragette. With Annie Swynnerton she founded the Manchester Society of Women Artists in 1876; Dacre also served as president of the organization. For a decade (1885–95), Dacre was a member of the executive committee of the Manchester National Society for Women's Suffrage.
Dacre's portrait of feminist editor Lydia Becker is one of her best-known works.
Bibliography.
Susan W Thomson, "Manchester’s Victorian Art Scene And Its Unrecognised Artists," Manchester Art Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-9554619-0-3

</doc>
<doc id="19814575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814575" title="Kierston Wareing">
Kierston Wareing

Kierston Wareing, (born 7 January 1976) is a British actress, best known for her portrayal of Kirsty Branning in the long-running British television soap opera, "EastEnders", in which she appeared from 25 December 2012 until 9 January 2014. 
Career.
She starred in Ken Loach's film "It's a Free World..." as Angie. She has also played in Andrea Arnold's "Fish Tank" (2009) and Martina Cole's "The Take". She has been nominated for one BAFTA award and three British Independent Film Awards. She also played a role in "Banged Up Abroad".
Her latest role saw her play the character Heather in Channel 4's "Top Boy". She joined the cast of "EastEnders" in 2012, making her first appearance as Kirsty Branning on 25 December 2012. She left the show in 2014. Wareing also played Delilah in the television series The Bible from 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19814648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814648" title="List of points of interest in Kansas City, Missouri">
List of points of interest in Kansas City, Missouri

The following is a List of points of interest in Kansas City, Missouri. 

</doc>
<doc id="19814658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814658" title="Masoala (disambiguation)">
Masoala (disambiguation)

Masoala is the name of several places in Madagascar:
"Masoala" also is a plant genus with the species "Masoala kona" and "Masoala madagascariensis".

</doc>
<doc id="19814685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814685" title="IL-25">
IL-25

IL-25 or IL 25 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19814690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814690" title="IL-26">
IL-26

IL-26 or IL 26 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19814694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814694" title="AP-41">
AP-41

AP-41 or Ap-41 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19814808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814808" title="BK Valmiera">
BK Valmiera

BK Valmiera is a professional basketball club based in Valmiera, Latvia playing in the Latvian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="19814822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814822" title="Jones (Kent cricketer, fl.1740s)">
Jones (Kent cricketer, fl.1740s)

Jones (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Hadlow and Kent during the 1740s.
Career.
Jones is mentioned in reports from 1747 to 1749. The first was his appearance for Kent v All-England at the Artillery Ground on Monday, 31 August 1747.
In 1748, he took part in a major single wicket match at the Artillery Ground on Monday, 29 August. This was a "fives" game in which he played for Long Robin's Five, who lost to Tom Faulkner's Five. Jones and his colleague John Larkin were noted members of the Hadlow club which had a very good team at the time. The final mention of him is in June 1749, when he and Larkin played for All-England v Surrey at Dartford Brent, Surrey winning by 2 wickets.
As Jones had established his reputation by 1747, he must have been active for some years previously. His career probably spanned the 1740s and 1750s when very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19814850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814850" title="P600 (neuroscience)">
P600 (neuroscience)

The P600 is an event-related potential (ERP), or peak in electrical brain activity measured by electroencephalography (EEG). It is a language-relevant ERP and is thought to be elicited by hearing or reading grammatical errors and other syntactic anomalies. Therefore, it is a common topic of study in neurolinguistic experiments investigating sentence processing in the human brain.
The P600 can be elicited in both visual (reading) and auditory (listening) experiments, and is characterized as a positive-going deflection with an onset around 500 milliseconds after the stimulus that elicits it; it often reaches its peak around 600 milliseconds after presentation of the stimulus (hence its name), and lasts several hundred milliseconds. In other words, in the EEG waveform it is a large peak in the positive direction, which starts around 500 milliseconds after the subject sees or hears a stimulus. It is typically thought of as appearing mostly on centro-parietal electrodes (i.e., over the posterior part of the center of the scalp), but frontal P600s have also been observed in several studies. In EEG, however, this distribution at the scalp does not mean the P600 is coming from that part of the brain; a 2007 study using magnetoencephalography (MEG) speculates that the generators of the P600 in the posterior temporal lobe, behind Wernicke's area.
The P600 was first reported by Lee Osterhout and Phillip Holcomb in 1992. It is also sometimes called the Syntactic Positive Shift (SPS), since it has a positive polarity and is usually elicited by syntactic phenomena.
Elicitation.
The P600 was originally considered a "syntactic" ERP, as it is elicited by several types of syntactic phenomena, including ungrammatical stimuli, garden path sentences that require reanalysis, complex sentences with a large number of thematic roles, and the processing of filler-gap dependencies (such as wh-words that appear at the beginning of a sentence in English but are actually interpreted somewhere else).
A P600 may be elicited by several kinds of grammatical errors in sentences, such as problems in agreement, such as "the child *"throw" the toy". In addition to this sort of subject-verb disagreement, P600s have also been elicited by disagreements in tense, gender, number, and case, as well as phrase structure violations. A 2009 study has suggested that these errors elicit stronger P600s than the other syntactic stimuli that have been implicated.
P600s are also known to occur when a sentence contains no outright grammatical error, but must be parsed in a different way than the reader originally expects. These sentences are known as "garden path" sentences, because the reader follows one interpretation of the sentence only to realize later that this interpretation was wrong and he must backtrack to understand the sentence. For example, found P600s elicited by the word "to" in sentences such as The broker persuaded to sell the stock was tall. In sentences such as this, the preferred reading is to interpret "persuaded" as the main verb of the sentence (i.e., "the broker persuaded me"), and upon seeing the word "to" the reader has to re-analyze the sentence to mean something more like "the broker that was persuaded to sell the stock, he was tall".
P600s are also elicited by errors in musical harmony, such as when a chord is played out of key with the rest of a musical phrase. This implies that P600s are not "language-specific," but "can be elicited in nonlinguistic (but rule-governed) sequences."
Some studies have found a P600 elicited by words where there is no grammatical error and no "garden path" (i.e., where the word is exactly what the reader would expect), but when the sentence is complex because there are a number of noun phrases active. This has most often been the case when the reader has to "re-activate" a word that appeared earlier in the sentence. For example, in a sentence like "Who did you imitate?", the word "who" appears in the beginning of the sentence but is actually the direct object of "imitate", and must be interpreted in that way (i.e., as "you imitated who?"); several studies have found that after the reader sees the word "imitate" he or she has a P600 response, possibly as a result of re-activating "who". These sorts of P600s get stronger as the number of noun phrases active in the sentences increases, suggesting that the P600 generator is sensitive to the level of complexity in a sentence.
Interpretations.
There are several theories about what computational processes the P600 may be triggered by. Because it often happens in response to grammatical violations or garden path sentences, one theory is that the P600 reflects processes of "revision" (i.e., trying to "rescue" the interpretation of a sentence that can't be processed normally because of structural errors) and "reanalysis" (i.e., trying to rearrange the structure of a sentence that has been interpreted incorrectly because of a garden path). On the other hand, other models suggest that the P600 may not reflect these processes in particular, but just the amount of time and effort in general it takes to build up coherent structure in a sentence, or the general processes of creating or destroying syntactic structure (not specifically because of repair). Another proposal is that the P600 does not necessarily reflect any linguistic processes per se, but is similar to the P300 in that it is triggered when a subject encounters "improbable" stimuli—since ungrammatical sentences are relatively rare in natural speech, a P600 may not be a linguistic response but simply an effect of the subject's "surprise" upon encountering an unexpected stimulus.

</doc>
<doc id="19814851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814851" title="Henry Harold Welch Pearson">
Henry Harold Welch Pearson

Henry Harold Welch Pearson (28 January 1870, Long Sutton, Lincolnshire - 3 November 1916, Wynberg, Cape Town), was a British-born South African botanist, chiefly remembered for founding Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden in 1913.
Pearson started his career as a chemist's assistant, but changed his interests after attending a lecture on plants by A. C. Seward at Eastbourne in 1892. He taught for a while and was awarded a scholarship to Christ's College, Cambridge in 1896, obtaining a first class in the Natural Science Tripos.
Pearson published two papers in 1898, dealing with "Bowenia spectabilis", a member of the Stangeriaceae from Australia. In the same year he explored the patanas (grassy uplands) in Ceylon for six months, having been awarded a Worts Travelling Scholars Fund. For this ecological dissertation he received the Walsingham Medal from Cambridge, the marine biologist Ernest William MacBride having been the first recipient in 1893. At Cambridge he was appointed Assistant Curator of the herbarium under Harry Marshall Ward. Here taxonomy engaged his interest and he received a Frank Smart Studentship. The following year found him at the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew where he was Assistant for India. His interest in Verbenaceae led to his description of the family for Harvey & Sonder's "Flora Capensis".
In 1903 Pearson became the first Harry Bolus Professor of Botany at the South African College. In 1904 he set off for South West Africa on the first of several expeditions with the object of studying the monotypic "Welwitschia". This expedition was cut short by the first of the so-called Herero Wars. In 1907 he made a second attempt in the company of E. E. Galpin who had previously accompanied him on cycad-hunting trips to the Eastern Cape. His papers on the ecology, morphology and embryology of "Welwitschia", led to a Cantabrigian DSc in 1907, which in turn led to a study of the closely related "Gnetum", to which end he went on a collecting expedition to Angola in 1909. During this time he wrote an account of the Thymelaeaceae for the "Flora of Tropical Africa".
Living in Cape Town and keenly aware of the floristic wealth of the Cape Peninsula, Pearson had become an ardent campaigner for the establishing of a botanical garden. He made an impassioned appeal to the authorities and the public at his 1910 presidential address to the South African Association for the Advancement of Science. As a consequence the Botanical Society of South Africa was formed in 1912 and a deputation was despatched to make representations to the Prime Minister, Louis Botha. The campaign found a powerful supporter in Sir Lionel Phillips, who introduced the necessary bill in the House of Assembly in 1913. An area which Cecil Rhodes had bequeathed to the public, was set aside and Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden came into being. Pearson was appointed as the first director, with J. W. Matthews as curator.
On Pearson's death he was buried in Kirstenbosch, his epitaph reading ""If ye seek his monument, look around"". He is commemorated in the genus "Pearsonia" and several specific epithets. The 1914 volume 140 of Curtis's Botanical Magazine is dedicated to his memory. The Harold Pearson Chair of Botany at the University of Cape Town was founded in his honour, and the HW Pearson Building (home of the Botany Department) is named after him. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation H.Pearson when citing a botanical name.
Honours, degrees & achievements.
Bachelor of Arts Cantab. 1896, DSc 1907, Fellow of the Royal Society 1916, Fellow of the Linnean Society of London 1901, Assistant Curator Cambridge Herbarium 1898-99, Kew Herbarium 1899, Professor of Botany at South African College in Cape Town 1903, Director of Cape Botanical Gardens 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19814870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814870" title="Nite and Day">
Nite and Day

"Nite and Day" is a 1988 single by Al B. Sure! from the Warner Bros. album "In Effect Mode". It reached number seven on the Hot 100 and number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
The song was executive produced by Benny Medina and Andre Harrell. It was produced, arranged and musically programmed by Kyle West for Key West International, co-produced and written by Al B. Sure! for Al B. Sure! International and Uptown Enterprises. The song was recorded at Unique Recording Studios. The single earned him a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989, losing to "Introducing the Hardline According to Terence Trent D'Arby" by Terence Trent D'Arby.
Cover.
In 2009, a cover version by Raheem DeVaughn was leaked as a song off his new "Love & War" mixtape.
In 2012, a cover version by EL Seven/Universal Recording artist Adrian Marcel was leaked with in studio Video.
Sample.
R&B and hip-hop duo P.M. Dawn sampled this song on the single "Sometimes I Miss You So Much", from the 1995 album Jesus Wept. They also had Al B. Sure featured on the music video that was shot for the song.
R&B group Blackstreet sampled the elements for their song Joy
Elements of the song were sampled for L.L. Cool J's Loungin' from the album Mr. Smith.
The song was sampled heavily in "25 Lighters" by DJ DMD featuring Lil' Keke & Fat Pat.
Mannie Fresh interpolated the song in "How We Ride" (2004).
The song was sampled in The Federation's "My Rimz" (2007).
The song was sampled in Mac Miller's song, "Ride Around", off of his mixtape "K.I.D.S."
Jobe Jacobs also did a sample on his mixtape, and posted it on Facebook after his release (2010).
The song was sampled in Western Bay Players by the San Francisco hip-hop artist Guce from his Pure Pressure (1995) album.
In 2013, Singer Sebastian Mikael used the song for his single Last Night featuring Wale.

</doc>
<doc id="19814898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814898" title="Dave Babcock">
Dave Babcock

Dave Babcock is a Canadian saxophonist, singer, bandleader and producer who is originally from Vancouver, British Columbia.
Styles.
Earlier in Dave's career the styles of music he was most interested in and comfortable playing were blues, jazz and R&B. He plays all saxophones but mostly tenor for jazz and blues while still very comfortable with alto and baritone. Babcock plays Selmer MK VI saxophones. The Temptations, Mary Wilson of The Supremes, k.d. lang and Taj Mahal are artists with whom he has played. He has opened for artists such as Dr. John, Stevie Ray Vaughan and The Pointer Sisters. Dave counts among his influences Dexter Gordon, Sonny Rollins, and Stanley Turrentine. 
History.
Dave Babcock was born in Vancouver but moved to Edmonton and graduated from the Grant MacEwan College music program. "Return of the Formerly Brothers", on which Babcock made an appearance, won a 1988 Juno Award for best roots and tradition album. Long John Baldry's "Right to Sing the Blues" won the same award in 1996 and featured guests Dave Babcock and Colin James (with whom Babcock has played). Babcock has been a part of the Edmonton Folk Music Festival house band since 1995 and is a member of the Edmonton Jazz Orchestra.
Future.
""I'm into music for the long haul and intend to play as long as I can. I want to continue to record my own albums, develop my sax playing, singing and writing and look for new musical possibilities. I'd like to record a new album every year or so and build my following through Canada and beyond. I also want to help the Edmonton jazz music scene continue to develop its players and help them gain more recognition nationally."" (E-mail Interview with Michael Feehan)

</doc>
<doc id="19814912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814912" title="Chris Veselka">
Chris Veselka

Chris Veselka (born June 15, 1970) was an American soccer forward who played professionally in the United States and Germany. He was the 1994 USISL leading scorer with 30 goals in 13 games.
Veselka spent one season, 1990, playing soccer at Florida International University.
In the summer of 1989, he played for the Austin Sockadillos in the Southwest Independent Soccer League. Her returned for the 1990 season, scoring twelve goals in ten games. He placed second in the league in points. He returned to the Sockadillos for thirteen games in the 1991 summer season before moving to Germany to play for TuS Celle. He remained with TuS Celle until 1994 when he returned to the United States to sign with the Austin Lone Stars of USISL. He led the league in scoring with 30 goals in thirteen games. In 1995, he began the season with the San Antonio Pumas before moving to the Charleston Battery for the second half of the season season. While he only scored six goals, he set the team record for single season assists with ten. In 1997, he was back with the Austin Lone Stars, in 1998 and 1999, he played for the New Orleans Storm. In 2001, he was a player-coach with the Lafayette Lightning and in 2003 with the Austin Lightning of the Premier Development League. He also played for the Lafayette Swamp Cats in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19814935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814935" title="N400">
N400

N400 or N-400 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19814940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814940" title="Īhām">
Īhām

Īhām in Persian poetry is a literary device in which an author uses a word, or an arrangement of words, that can be read in several ways. Each of the meanings may be logically sound, equally true and intended.
Definitions.
In the 12th century, Rashid al-Din Vatvat defined "īhām" as follows: ""Īhām" in Persian means to create doubt. This is a literary device, also called "takhyīl" make one suppose and fancy, whereby a writer ("dabīr"), in prose, or a poet, in verse, employs a word with two different meanings, one direct and immediate ("qarīb") and the other remote and strange ("gharīb"), in such a manner that the listener, as soon as he hears that word, thinks of its direct meaning while in actuality the remote meaning is intended."
Amir Khusrow (1253–1325 CE) introduced the notion that any of the several meanings of a word, or phrase, might be equally true and intended, creating a multilayered text. Discerning the various layers of meanings would be a challenge to the reader, who has to focus on and keep turning over the passage in his mind, applying his erudition and imagination to perceive alternative meanings.
Another idea associated with "īhām" is that a verse may function as a mirror of the reader's condition, as expressed by the 14th-century author Shaykh Maneri: "A verse by itself has no fixed meaning. It is the reader/listener who picks up an idea consistent with the subjective condition of his mind." The 15th-century poet Fawhr-e Din Nizami considered "īhām" an essential element of any good work of poetry: "A poem that doesn't have dual-meaning words, such a poem does not attract anyone at all—a poem without words of two senses."
"Īhām" is an important stylistic device in Sufi literature, perfected by writers such as Hafez (1325/1326–1389/1390 CE). Applications of this "art of ambiguity" or "amphibology" include texts that can be read as descriptions of earthly or divine love.
Haleh Pourafzal and Roger Montgomery, writing in "Haféz: Teachings of the Philosopher of Love" (1998), discuss "īhām" in terms of "biluminosity", simultaneous illumination from two directions, describing it as "a technique of comparison involving wordplay, sound association, and double entendre, keeping the reader in doubt as to the 'right' meaning of the word. Biluminosity removes the burden of choice and invites the reader to enter a more empowering dimension of "īhām" that embraces the quality of amphibians [...]—beings capable of living equally well in two radically different environments. As a result, the reader is freed from the obsession to find the 'right answer' through speculation and instead can concentrate on enjoying nuances and being awed by how the slightest shift in perception creates a new meaning. [...] From the perspective of Haféz as the composer of poetry, biluminosity allows two different points of view to shed light upon each other."

</doc>
<doc id="19814966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814966" title="Abdullah CD">
Abdullah CD

Abdullah CD (real name Cik Dat bin Anjang Abdullah) (born October 1923) was the Chairman and currently General Secretary of the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM).
Abdullah was born in October 1923, in Parit, Perak. His involvement in politics was sparked by interests in the Maharajalela Wars against the British. As a young man, he joined the Kesatuan Melayu Muda (KMM), and became the secretary of the KMM in the Lambor district in Perak during the early stages of the Japanese Occupation. Abdullah CD eventually joined the Malayan People's Anti-Japanese Army (MPAJA) to combat the Japanese.
After World War II, Abdullah CD was involved in the setting up of the Malay Nationalist Party (or in Malay, the Parti Kebangsaan Melayu Muda / PKMM) in October 1945 with other early leftist Malay leaders such as Mokhtaruddin Lasso, Dr. Burhanuddin al-Helmy, Ahmad Boestamam, Ishak Haji Mohamad, amongst others. He was also responsible for organising the Malay labour movement, and was elected as the Vice-President of the Pan-Malayan Federation of Trade Unions (PMFTU).
Not long before the declaration of emergency in Malaya in June 1948 by the British colonial government, Abdullah CD, Dr. Burhanuddin Helmi and Ahmad Boestamam conducted a meeting to discuss the conditions and steps to be taken in the struggle for Malayan independence. When the British declared an emergency, Abdullah led many members from the CPM, PKMM, API (Angkatan Pemuda Insaf), AWAS and PETA into an anti-British guerilla revolution in the jungles of Malaya. In July 1948, he was captured in north Pahang, but he managed to escape.
On 12 May 1949, Abdullah started the 10th Regiment of the CPM in Temerloh, Pahang, and continued to be its leader until peace was achieved in 1989. On 2 December 1989, he was one of the signatories of the peace agreement between the CPM and the government of Malaysia, finally ending the period of armed struggle.
Abdullah was involved in many armed battles against the British, and suffered serious injuries from a hand grenade explosion. He is married to (née Eng Ming Ching), also a leader of the CPM. They have been married since February 1955, and remain married in Sukhirin, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19814981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814981" title="Farnetta">
Farnetta

Farnetta is a small village set in Terre Arnolfe countryside, 16 miles northwest from the Italian city of Terni, Umbria. Farnetta is included in the "comune" of Montecastrilli in the province of Terni (central Italy). It has a population of 283.
Farnetta derives its name from the old Latin name "Quercus Frainetto" and is reputed to be one of the smallest villages in Umbrian region consisting of several farms, houses and a church dedicated to St Nicolaus, which has its origins in the 16th century but is mainly 19th century and underwent heavy restoration in 1860. The church has been designated by Italian Heritage. 
Close by, on a hill, there exists the remains of an Medioeval hill fort known as Palombara and the romanic Church of St. Lorenzo in Nifili (11th century).
History.
The name's origin is traditionally connected to the toponym of "Quercus Frainetto" (a type of oak).
During the ancient Roman domination the area was along a branch of the via Amerina.
The city was later part of the Terre Arnolfe, and was later subjected to Todi and Terni. Farnetta was listed in the Farfa Abbey register in 1112.
Iron Age and Roman periods.
It is likely that the area was also inhabited in the Iron Age and throughout the Roman period. 
There are numerous elements of early Roman infrastructure in the area, and being in proximity with the course of a Roman roads Amerina and Flaminia. It appears that the area would have been extensively settled.
Main sights.
Farnetta is a medieval hamlet or historical borgo situated in one of the best part of uncontaminated Umbrian countryside and woods. At 385 meters above sea level, the territory is that of the Natural Park (protected area: "Zona di ripopolamento e cattura") of Farnetta. The zone is perfect for long country treks, horse riding and mountain bike holidays in central Umbria.
Its historical center at one time was surrounded by medieval walls but, now mostly torn down, leaving only short stretches and a few cylindrical towers that at one time served as part of the town's defenses.
Churches.
St. Nicolaus: Inside the old part of town, which is quiet and unprepossessing, the principal building of note is the church of St. Nicolaus, started in 16th century and completed in 19th century. The church includes some fine paintings dated to the 18th century.
St. Lawrence: The surrounding countryside is charming in the Umbrian way, spotted with a few small castles - or castelli - such as the one at Forte Cesare. Of note a short way from Franetta is the church of San Lorenzo in Nifili, which was built on the remains of a Roman building, and incorporates very large Roman stone blocks. The church is dated to the 10th century and it is located on an important Roman road (Via Amerina) connecting Amelia to Todi and Perugia.
Dunarobba fossil forest.
The Fossil Forest of Dunarobba, near Farnetta (3 km), is one of the oldest woods in the world. Two million years ago the sea definitely withdrew. In its place an ancient lake called Tiberino came to being flourished. The waters, coming down from the hills and the mountains which were emerging, must have carried huge quantities of sediments that along with tectonic movements, must have covered the vegetable giants and preserved them until today.
Culture.
Farnetta is known for its St. Rita feast, held each year the last week of may. During the feast a trattoria is organized by the inhabitants with traditional food.
The feast has strong devotional and historical overtones.
Significant medioeval towns and villages are present near Farnetta: Todi (17 km), Sangemini, (10 km), Spoleto (42 km), Carsulae (12 km), Orvieto (38 km).
Transport.
Farnetta is situated near to two numbered routes. The A1 goes north to Florence and south-west to Rome. The E45 goes north-east to Perugia and south-east to Terni and Spoleto.
Farnetta is served by ATC bus services to Terni, Todi, Sangemini, Montecastrilli, Avigliano, Amelia.
Economy.
Agriculture was important for the inhabitants of Farnetta in the context of rural development and poverty reduction. The village today has made use of its past and has built a tourist industry. Many "agriturismi" (farm holidays) are present in the territory of Farnetta.
Demography.
The population of the civil parish, recorded in the 2001 census, is 246. In the 13th century the population was about 500 (96 fireplaces).

</doc>
<doc id="19814982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814982" title="Rockets–Spurs rivalry">
Rockets–Spurs rivalry

The Rockets–Spurs rivalry is a rivalry between the Houston Rockets and the San Antonio Spurs. It is also known as the I-10 Rivalry since San Antonio and Houston lie on Interstate 10, it is one of the three National Basketball Association rivalries between teams from Texas, the others featuring Houston and San Antonio versus the Dallas Mavericks.
Background.
The rivalry began in 1976 when the Spurs moved from the American Basketball Association along with the Denver Nuggets, New York Nets, and Indiana Pacers. The Rockets and Spurs competed for the division title, with the Rockets winning it first in 1977 and the Spurs in 1978 and 1979. In 1980, they met in the playoffs for the first time as the Rockets led by Moses Malone and Calvin Murphy beat the Spurs led by George Gervin and James Silas 2-1. The rivalry grew intense as both teams moved from the East to the West. They met again in 1981, this time in the second round. The Spurs had home-court advantage, and were heavily favored, winning the Midwest Division Title and the Rockets only 40-42. The Rockets and Spurs fought to the bitter end before the Rockets held on to win Game 7 capped by Murphy's 42 points. The Rockets would advance to the Finals in a losing cause to the Boston Celtics. The rivalry sparkled in 1995 when the sixth-seeded Rockets led by Hakeem Olajuwon beat the top-seeded Spurs led by MVP David Robinson.
Even after Olajuwon was traded to the Toronto Raptors in 2001, he recalled the fond memories he had of playing against his old San Antonio rival.
Notable games.
1981 NBA Playoffs.
In a classic Game 7, the 40-42 Rockets looked to upset the 52-30 Spurs to advance to the Western Conference Finals. Capped by Calvin Murphy's 42 points, the Rockets defeated the Spurs to advance to the Conference Finals and defeated the likewise 40-42 Kansas City Kings, and moved on to the 1981 NBA Finals where they were defeated by the Celtics. The Spurs waited another 18 years to see a Finals berth and Title.
1995 Playoffs.
In 1995, the Rockets looked to win their second straight NBA championship. Despite a slow start, the 6th-seeded Rockets (47-35) managed to get through their first opponent, the 3rd-seeded Utah Jazz (60-22) 3-2, and the 2nd-seeded Phoenix Suns (59-23) 4-3. The Rockets would encounter the top seeded Spurs waiting (62-20) for them in the Conference Finals. The Spurs had swept their first round opponent, the Denver Nuggets (41-41) before defeating the Los Angeles Lakers (48-34) in 6 games.
Olajuwon displayed perhaps the most impressive moments of his career when the Rockets faced the San Antonio Spurs in the Conference Finals. Recently crowned league MVP Robinson was outplayed by Olajuwon, 35–24 PPG. When asked later what a team could do to "solve" Olajuwon, Robinson told "LIFE" magazine: "Hakeem? You don't solve Hakeem." The Rockets won every road game that series and beat the Spurs 4-2. The Rockets swept the Orlando Magic in the NBA Finals 4-0, and secured their second Championship. Thus far, the Rockets had won a division title, conference title and Championship before their rivals.
2004 Rockets comeback.
It took place on December 9, 2004, after a long fought game in which the Spurs had mostly led (up by 10 points under a minute left) and the Rockets crowd beginning to boo their own team; Tracy McGrady scored 13 points in 35 seconds, including a 3 with 1.7 seconds left to give the Rockets an 81-80 comeback win. The game ended a 7-game losing streak against the Spurs for Houston.
2008 Spurs comeback.
In 2008, the teams would meet for the first match on November 14 at the AT&T Center in San Antonio. The Spurs began the 2008 season with their worst record in franchise history (2-4), as a result of an injury to Manu Ginóbili at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and a sprained ankle to Tony Parker early in the season. This was the first regular season game in which the newly acquired Ron Artest along with Tracy McGrady and Yao Ming would face San Antonio. The Rockets led most of the game, going up by as many as 14 with 7 minutes left. Despite missing more than 40 points in scoring from their two injured guards, two time MVP Tim Duncan (22 pts) and rookie George Hill (17 pts) led the Spurs' comeback. They finally took the lead (76-75) with 59 seconds left on a hook shot by Duncan. He blocked a layup that would have given the Rockets the lead with less than 2 seconds left. After the Spurs made 1 of 2 free throws, the Rockets got one last chance to win, but Artest missed a 3 as time expired, giving San Antonio a 77-75 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19814992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814992" title="Touch Up">
Touch Up

Touch Up is Mother Mother's debut album released on February 27, 2007 on Last Gang Records. The album was self-titled when it was originally released in 2005. Two tracks were added when the band signed with Last Gang Records and the album was re-released in 2007. A video has been made for the song "Touch Up".

</doc>
<doc id="19814995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19814995" title="Joseph Rudd">
Joseph Rudd

Joseph Rudd (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex during the 1740s.
Career.
Rudd is mentioned in reports from 1747 to 1749. In the 1747 and 1748 seasons, he was reported to have played in a total of four single wicket matches, all at the Artillery Ground. Two of these were "threes" matches in which he teamed up with Stephen Dingate and Pye, all of them being described as employees of the Duke of Richmond who patronised many of these contests. 
The final mention of him is in June 1749, when he played for All-England v Surrey at Dartford Brent, Surrey winning by 2 wickets.
As Rudd had established his reputation by 1747, he must have been active for some years previously. His career probably spanned the 1740s and 1750s when very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19815015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815015" title="Pye (Sussex cricketer)">
Pye (Sussex cricketer)

Pye (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex during the 1740s.
Career.
In the 1747 and 1748 seasons, he was reported to have played in a total of three single wicket matches, all at the Artillery Ground. Two of these were "threes" matches in which he teamed up with Stephen Dingate and Joseph Rudd, all of them being described as employees of the Duke of Richmond who patronised many of these contests.
As Pye had established his reputation by 1747, he must have been active for some years previously. His career probably spanned the 1740s and 1750s when very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19815022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815022" title="KS-5">
KS-5

KS5 or KS-5 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19815033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815033" title="Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg">
Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg

Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg (22 July 1794 – 10 June 1858) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
Personal life.
Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg was born in Bergen as the son of Tycho Didrich Castberg (1755–1801) and his wife Helene Margaretha Calmeyer (1764–1830). He had several brothers and sisters.
Johan Castberg married Anne Margrethe Zimmer Henchel. They had five sons and three daughters, although two children died while young. Their son Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg became a customs surveyor and politician. Through him, Peter was the grandfather of politician Johan Castberg and violinist Torgrim Castberg, and great-grandfather of professor Frede Castberg. Through another son, physician Tycho Fredrik Edvard Castberg, Peter Hersleb Harboe was the father of banker Peter Harboe Castberg and sculptor Oscar Ambrosius Castberg.
Career.
Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg worked most of his career as a vicar.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1830 and 1833, representing the constituency Bratsberg Amt, and in 1836, 1839 and 1842, representing the constituency "Laurvik og Sandefjord".
He died in 1858 in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19815037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815037" title="2007 Malaysia FA Cup">
2007 Malaysia FA Cup

The Malaysia FA Cup 2007–08 was the 18th season of competition. The competition began on 6 February 2007, and ended with the final on 30 June 2007. Batu Kawan Stadium hosted the final match. A record 21 teams' and 1 national team entries were accepted for the competition.
The tournament was won by Kedah, who beat 2006 runners-up Perlis 4-2 in penalty shoot-out.
Quarter-finals.
The first legs were played on 15 May and 22 May. The second legs were played on 29 May 2007.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final matches were played on 16 June and 23 June 2007.
Final.
The final was held at National Stadium, Bukit Jalil on the June 30, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19815093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815093" title="Sorrento FC">
Sorrento FC

Sorrento Football Club is a Western Australian soccer club based in the northern Perth suburb Duncraig. They play in the Premier Division of the Football West State League. The club was founded in 1972.
Current Squad.
Ryan Brown
Football West Premier League.
Champions

</doc>
<doc id="19815119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815119" title="Damodar Hota">
Damodar Hota

Pandit Damodar Hota is an Indian classical musician based in Odisha, India. He is an exponent of Hindustani classical music as well as classical Odissi music ("Uddra Paddhatiya Sangeet").
Background.
An A Grade Artist of Doordarshan and All India Radio, he exemplifies the traditional singing style of the Gwalior Gharana. He is a disciple of Padmashree Nada Maharishi Pt. Balwant Rai Bhatt(Bhav Rang) and Sangeet Martand Pt. Omkarnath Thakur(Pranav Rang). His compositions bear the pen name “Swar Rang.”
Pandit Hota was a student scholar of the Odisha Sangeet Natak Academy. He studied at the College of Music and Fine Arts at Banaras Hindu University, where he was a leading disciple of Pt. Balwant Rai Bhatt(Bhav Rang) and Pt. Omkarnath Thakur(Pranav Rang). For his Doctor Of Music (Sangeet Pravin) degree, he was awarded the prestigious Pandit Mirashi Buwa Puraskar. Pandit Hota holds Madhyama Purna in Tabla and Visharad in Pakhawaj. 
He served as Senior Lecturer of Hindustani Vocal Music and Principal at Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya.
Present.
Pandit Hota has been teaching music in the gurukul tradition since 1963. He is the founder and chief guru of Swar Rang, an institution of Hindustani Classical and Uddra Padhatiya Sangeet. He has authored eighteen books on practical, theoretical, and historical aspects of both forms of music, many of which are used as syllabus work across the state of Odisha. The music society he founded organises frequent classical music programs. Since 2007, Pandit Hota has chaired the annual Tridhara National Music Conference showcasing Uddra Paddhatiya music alongside the Hindustani and Carnatic forms.
Publications.
1.Kishore Chandrananda Champu Lahari (regarding Udra Paddhattiya Sangeet)
2.Udra Paddhattiya Mela Raga Tala Laksyana (regarding Udra Paddhattiya Sangeet)
3.Laksyna- o -Swar Malika Lahari {PART 1} (regarding U.P.S)
4.Srimandira Sangeeta Mala {PART 2}(regarding U.P.S)
5.Sangeet Shashtra {PART 1} (regarding U.P.S and Hindustani Paddhattiya Sangeet)
6.Bharatiya Sangeeta Ra Itihasa {PART 1} 
7.Udra Paddhattiya Sangeet {PART 2} 
9.Udra Paddhattiya Mela Raga Tala -o- Pravandha Laksyana {PART 1} (a grammar book of U.P.S)

</doc>
<doc id="19815138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815138" title="Abuná Province">
Abuná Province

Abuná is one of the five provinces of the Bolivian department of Pando and is situated in the department's northern central parts. It has its name from Río Abuná, the border river to neighbouring Brazil.
Location.
"Aroma" province is located between 9° 53' and 11° 06' South and between 66° 27' and 67° 42' West. It extends over 120–250 km from North to South, and 350 km from West to East. 
The province is situated in the Amazon lowlands of Bolivia and borders Brazil in the North, Nicolás Suárez Province in the Northwest and West, Manuripi Province in the South, and Federico Román Province in the East.
Population.
The population of Abuná Province has increased by 40% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province's population is 47.4%. "(1992)" 
Division.
The province comprises two municipios:

</doc>
<doc id="19815163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815163" title="Jogen Chowdhury">
Jogen Chowdhury

Jogen Chowdhury (born January 30, 1939) is an eminent Indian painter and considered an important painter of 21st century India. He lives and works in Santiniketan. He graduated from the Government College of Art & Craft, Kolkata and subsequently at École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Paris in 1967. He has immense contribution in inspiring young artists of India. Jogen Chowdhury had developed his individual style after his return from Paris. His most famous paintings are in ink, water colour and pastel. He has painted in oil medium as well.
Lines and its tactile characteristic to enhance colours are is an important material in Indian Art for ages. Jogen Chowdhury himself is a master of lines and he has mastered to make the curves depict the character of his figures. By careful distortion of the form he imparts the air of caricature in his figures, figures of men and women. The figure is always the most important and conveys all the artist has to express. Colour, he uses though, is to provide matter into the form. In a significant way. R. Siva Kumar, the reputed art historian, has lucidly described Jogen’s works in the following excerpt:"The pulse and rhythm of Jogen Chowdhury’s art comes from a filial affinity to nature and milieu. In Chowdhury’s more recent works the sensory experiences of cloth, bolsters, sofas and the human body are cross-projected to produce an uncanny world of tran-substantiated tumescence and flaccidness. Mnemic displacements and personal associations add to the symbolic ambivalence of his motifs, making his images come closer to inexplicable experiences than to explicit signs. In the postures of some figures we feel an animal sentience, in the ripe anatomy of others we savour a fruity succulence. The figures are wrought by a combination of decorative willfulness and expressive distortion and are imbued with an effusive sensuality. Chowdhury’s art is rich in suggestions; it is to be apprehended without bracketing our fund of knowledge, experience or memories, but also cannot be narrativised without trivializing it, without depleting its sensory particularities."
Biography.
Early life and education.
Jogen was born in Daharpara Village, a village in the Faridpur district of Bangladesh in 1939. His father Pramatha Nath Chowdhury was a Brahmin zamindar. Jogen received the interest on art from his parents as both his parents were artists. Pramatha Nath was interested in Hindu mythological incidents and characters. He had painted several mythological scenes from the village theatres. He had also sculpted various Hindu deities.
Jogen's mother was an expert in Alpana drawings.
Jogen Chowdhury was born and brought-up in a village culture and atmosphere. Just before partition Jogen along with his father came to Calcutta; the rest of the family moved to Calcutta in 1948, after the partition. The family stayed at his uncle's quarter. Here Jogen painted his first painting, on the wall.
In 1951, Jogen's family moved to Saheednagar Colony, Dhakuria.
Jogen was admitted to the Government College of Art & Craft, Kolkata in 1955 wherefrom he graduated by 1960. His first job was as an art teacher in a school in Howrah. After two years in 1962, he was employed as Designer in the Handloom Board, Calcutta.
His youth.
In 1965, he went to Paris to study in Ecole des Beaux Arts, in William Hayter's Atelier 17. Afterwards he spent five months in London.
He returned to India in early 1968. He was appointed as a textile designer in the Handloom Board in Chennai. In 1970, he joined the Calcutta Painters Group. His first collection of poems Hridoy Train Beje Othey was also published in the same year.
He quit his job at the Madras Handloom Board in 1972 to join the Art Gallery of Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi as a Curator. Due to this new job, he moved to New Delhi. He founded the Gallery 26 and Artists' Forum in New Delhi in 1975 along with some leading painters of New Delhi. In 1986, Jogen represented India in the 'Festival of Art' in Baghdadwi.
Santiniketan.
In 1987, Jogen Chowdhury joined Kala Bhavan, Santiniketan as professor of painting. Beside his numerous paintings, exhibitions, he has written extensively on contemporary art. He was also appointed as Juror in several exhibitions.
Political career.
Jogen Chowdhury has been elected as a member of Rajya Sabha from Trinamool Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19815169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815169" title="Ring (band)">
Ring (band)

Ring were an English psychedelic rock band active during the 1980s. 
The band is notable for having helped to launch the subsequent musical careers of Robert White (Levitation, The Milk And Honey Band), Michael Tubb (also of The Milk And Honey Band) and Christian Hayes (Cardiacs, Levitation, Dark Star, Mikrokosmos).
Sound and style.
The band were noted for their diverse music "blending all manner of riffs and noises" and for their tendency to use circus-style face-paint. This sometimes resulted in them being accused of copying Cardiacs, a fellow musical act of the time that had emerged some years previously and were already renowned for their eclectic and unique sound, as well as their manically exaggerated stagecraft and use of face-paint. Commenting on the Zag And The Coloured Beads homepage, one unidentified member or associate of Ring (allegedly singer Jonny Karma) has admitted that Ring's final cassette album, "Nervous Recreations", sounded "transparently in awe of Cardiacs."
History.
Ring evolved out of the south London experimental rock scene of the 1980s and played frequently at London free festivals of the time. The band released three cassette albums and had a shifting line-up in which members used a variety of pseudonyms. 
The two consistent core members were Ian "Zag" Faichne (guitar, synthesizer, vocals, percussion) and Robert White (bass, synthesizer, vocals and guitar). Other key members included Bronwen Greaves (synthesizer and vocals) and Mick Oynugulos (drums), both of whom played on the first two cassette albums. Michael Tubb contributed to the middle period of Ring activity, playing guitar on the second cassette album ("O De Dun Dun"). Greaves and Oynuglos left the band before the third cassette album "Nervous Recreations", for which White and Zag were joined by a new line-up including Christian "Bic" Hayes (guitar, synthesizer, vocals), Adrian (percussion) and Stompy and Jonny Karma (vocals). 
It is not precisely recorded when Ring came to an end, but it seems likely that the band petered out in 1990 following White and Hayes' recruitment into Levitation - a band with much more music industry interest (and consequently larger demands regarding time and commitment) than their other projects).
Musical connections and further activity.
Ring had a longstanding connection with Zag And The Coloured Beads with whom they shared three members at various times (Ian Faichne, Robert White, and Michael Tubb) and Bing Organ's Beastly Scrapings (two members - Michael Tubb and Rachel Howard) during the middle period. 
As previously mentioned, Robert White and Christian Hayes both joined Levitation in 1990, from which Hayes went on to form Dark Star. White later set up The Milk And Honey Band in 1994, in which he was joined by Michael Tubb in 1999.
Roughly parallel to his time with Ring, Christian Hayes was working with The Dave Howard Singers and subsequently Cardiacs. He would also work with Panixsphere, Heather Nova and The Pet Shop Boys. He currently works as a solo artist under the name of Mikrokosmos.
Pseudonyms.
In addition to Faichne and Hayes being universally known as "Zag" and "Bic" respectively, Ring members and guest contributors tended to operate under a variety of pseudonyms (in particular when listed in sleevenotes). Here are the pseudonyms used for the main members (pseudonyms used by guests and associates are listed in the Members section below). 

</doc>
<doc id="19815177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815177" title="Kanako Murakami">
Kanako Murakami

Career.
Early career.
In the 2005–2006 season, Murakami competed at the 2005–2006 Japan Novice Championships in the Novice B category, which is the lower of the novice levels. She won the silver medal. This silver medal earned her a trip to compete in the spring competition, the Gardena Spring Trophy, which she won on the novice level.
In the 2006–2007 season, Murakami competed at the 2006–2007 Japan Novice Championships in the Novice A category and placed 7th.
In the 2007–2008 season, Murakami competed at the 2007–2008 Japan Novice Championships in the Novice A category and placed 5th.
2008–2009 season.
Murakami debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix. She won the bronze medal at her first event in Madrid, Spain. At her second event, in Sheffield, England, she won the competition. She was the 4th qualifier for the 2008-2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final.
Prior to the JGP Final, Murakami competed at the 2008–2009 Japan Junior Figure Skating Championships, which served both as the junior national championships and the qualifier for the Japanese team to the World Junior Championships. Murakami placed 7th in the short program and won the free skate to take the bronze medal, which earned her an invitation to compete at the 2008–2009 senior national championships. However, as Japan had earned only two berths to the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, Murakami did not qualify.
At the JGP Final, she placed 2nd in the short program and 3rd in the free skate to place 4th overall. Following the Final, Murakami competed at the 2008–2009 Japan Championships, where she placed 7th in the short program, 8th in the free skate, and 7th overall.
2009–2010 season.
In the 2009–2010 season, Murakami competed on the 2009–2010 ISU Junior Grand Prix and won both her events to qualify for the 2009–2010 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final. At the 2009–2010 Japan Junior Championships, she won both segments of the competition to win the title overall. The win qualified her for the 2009–2010 Japan Championship, where she placed fifth overall, behind Mao Asada, Akiko Suzuki, Yukari Nakano, and Miki Ando. She was assigned to compete at the 2010 World Junior Championships, where she won the title after placing second in the short program and first in the free skate.
2010–2011 season.
Murakami moved up to the senior ISU Grand Prix for the 2010–2011 season. Her assignments for the 2010–2011 ISU Grand Prix season were the 2010 NHK Trophy and the 2010 Skate America. 
At the 2010 NHK Trophy she placed second in the short program with 56.10 points behind Carolina Kostner, and fifth earning 94.06 in the free skate to capture the bronze medal with 150.16 points. During both programs, she landed a triple toe triple toe combination cleanly.
At the 2010 Skate America she placed second in the short program with 54.75, after singling her double axel. She placed 2nd in the free skate behind Rachael Flatt. During the free skate she earned 110.18 to take the gold medal with 164.93.
Murakami qualified for the 2010–2011 Grand Prix Final. She placed third in the short program with 61.47 points and second in the free skate with 117.12. Overall she won the bronze medal totalling 178.59 points.
2011–2012 season.
For the 2011–2012 season, Murakami was assigned to the Cup of China and the Trophee Eric Bompard. At the 2011 Cup of China, Murakami earned a total of 150.20 points to finish sixth overall, and at the 2011 Trophee Eric Bompard, she placed fourth overall with a total of 161.31 points.
Murakami earned her second consecutive bronze medal at the 2011 Japan Figure Skating Championships, and was named to the national team that will compete at the 2012 World Figure Skating Championships. She competed at the 2012 ISU Four Continents Championships and finished 4th overall. Murakami then competed and finished 5th at the 2012 World Championships. She was part of the ladies' team representing Japan at the 2012 ISU World Team Trophy. She placed 3rd in the short program but 8th in the free skate and finished 6th overall.
2012–2013 season.
Kanako started her season with bronze at the 2012 Skate Canada and finished 4th at her next event, the 2012 Cup of Russia. Murakami placed second at the 2012 Japan Nationals. Murakami won the bronze medal in her third appearance at the 2013 Four Continents with fellow Japanese medalists Mao Asada and Akiko Suzuki taking the gold and silver medal respectively. Murakami finished 4th at the 2013 World Championships setting a personal best score of 189.73 points.
2013–2014 season.
Murakami finished 4th at her first Grand Prix event of the season, the 2013 Cup of China, and then 7th at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup. At Nationals, she finished second behind Akiko Suzuki. At this event, she earned a short program score of 67.42, a free skate score of 135.10, and a combined total of 202.52. Murakami then won the 2014 Four Continents setting a new personal best overall score of 196.91 points, as well as a personal best in the free skate with 132.18 points.
Endorsements and public life.
Murakami is sponsored by Adidas Japan, Brother Industries, All Nippon Airways, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., and Nippon Menard Cosmetic Co., Ltd, in addition to several local companies.
Following her win at the 2010 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, Murakami has taken part in many local events including the first pitch ceremony of Chunichi Dragons, a professional baseball team based in Nagoya.
Detailed results.
"(Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships.)"

</doc>
<doc id="19815244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815244" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Fajardo-Humacao">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fajardo-Humacao

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Fajardo-Humacao () is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States and consists of part of the east and the northeast of the island of Puerto Rico, an American commonwealth. The diocese is led by Bishop Eusebio Ramos Morales. The motherchurch is Cathedral Santiago Apóstol in Fajardo, Puerto Rico.
The See of Fajardo-Humacao was canonically erected on May 11, 2008 and is a suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="19815252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815252" title="Early Autumn (Robert B. Parker novel)">
Early Autumn (Robert B. Parker novel)

Early Autumn is a Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. It is the seventh novel in the Spenser series.
Plot summary.
Spenser is hired to protect a boy and his mother, Paul and Patty Giacomin, from being kidnapped in a custody quarrel with her ex-husband, Mel. Spenser ends up taking care of the boy due to the mother's lack of interest in her son. Paul is lacking in social skills and survival skills because his parents only see him as a bargaining chip in their quarrel.
After two attempts at kidnapping, Spenser takes Paul in and helps him mature by teaching him boxing, exercise, and weight-lifting. Together they build a cottage on some property in Maine that belongs to Susan Silverman. This arrangement with Paul puts a lot of strain on Spenser's relationship with Susan.
After returning from Maine, Spenser and Hawk deal with Harry Cotton, a criminal that had been assisting Mel Giacomin in his attempts at kidnapping Paul.
Spenser collects enough dirt on the parents that he is able to blackmail them both into leaving the boy alone and supporting him while he pursues a life of his own choosing.
Spenser and Susan take over the role of raising and caring for Paul. Paul Giacomin goes on to appear in several later Spenser novels, usually as a minor character.

</doc>
<doc id="19815266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815266" title="Afghanistan national football team results">
Afghanistan national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Afghanistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19815274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815274" title="Lau Kar-wing">
Lau Kar-wing

Lau Kar Wing (; born 1944) is a Hong Kong martial arts film director, action choreographer and actor.
Background.
Born in the Xinhui District of Jiangmen in Guangdong, China, Lau Kar Wing was the fourth child of Lau Cham (劉湛), a martial arts master who studied under Lam Sai Wing, pupil of the legendary Chinese folk hero, Wong Fei Hung.
Lau began learning kung fu in his early teens. He actually began learning at his father's school, in secret. However when his older brother Lau Kar-Leung saw this, he began teaching Kar Wing himself.
Film career.
Before becoming famous, Lau worked as an extra and choreographer on the black & white Wong Fei Hung films, which starred Kwan Tak Hing as the titular hero. Lau was given his start working under his father and brother in these films, and followed his brother to become a stuntman and assistant choreographer.
In the 1960s he became one of the Shaw Brothers Studio's main action choreographers, working with many directors on films such as "King Boxer" (1972). Lau evolved to become a director in the late 1970s. By this time he was already an accomplished actor and action choreographer outside of Shaw Brothers.
In the 1970s, Lau formed a partnership with Sammo Hung and Karl Maka. The trio started their own film production company in 1978, Gar Bo Motion Picture Company. They made just two films, before Maka left to start Cinema City. Both films starred Lau, Hung and Maka, "Dirty Tiger, Crazy Frog" (1978) and "Odd Couple" (1979). During this period, Lau continued to make films for Shaw Brothers Studio.
He moved with the times, in the 1980s he alternated between his own work, and that of Sammo Hung. He also found the time to appear in several of his brother, Lau Kar-leung's films.
During the late 1980s and early 90s, Lau's output slowed down. Since 1994 he has virtually retired from the industry. One of his best known efforts from this period is "Skinny Tiger, Fatty Dragon" (1990), alongside his old collaborators, Sammo Hung and Karl Maka.
Kar-Wing recently worked alongside his brother Lau Kar-Leung as martial arts choreographer on the film "Drunken Monkey", and was an uncredited martial arts advisor on Tsui Hark's "Seven Swords". Rumors circulating suggest Kar-Wing's possible re-emergence into the film industry, as he is reportedly tied to many of his brothers' future projects.
Lau is also a skilled lion dance performer, and has demonstrated this ability in at least two films "Why Me?" (1985) and "Once Upon a Time in China and America" (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19815282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815282" title="Software defined antenna">
Software defined antenna

A software defined antenna (SDA), following and exploiting the concept of software-defined radio (SDR), is an idea for an antenna system that can be adjusted in such way that similar characteristics can be maintained for any frequency. Once installed, SDA could be used to support any radio-based telecommunication system in any band, with the same level of performance, e.g., GSM , then UMTS after migration to followed by LTE in band.
The first mathematical research on SDA began in the late 1950s () and focused on steering the side lobes of radar receivers to be less susceptible to jamming, but rapid developments in SDR technology are causing manufacturers to pay more attention to this subject in general.
Digital tuner.
A prototype software defined antenna was developed by Syntonics, a small U.S. company located in Columbia, Maryland working with researchers at the ElectroScience Laboratory of Ohio State University (). This prototype SDA uses small movable pixel elements to selectively form reconfigurable microwave transmission lines and radiating patch elements. Under software control, changes to the size, shape, orientation and number of the radiating elements alter the frequency, polarization, gain and beam angle of the SDA based on external data input. Starting in 2004, the U.S. Department of Defense funded a series of feasibility and prototyping contracts to develop this SDA concept.
Measurements of this early prototype hardware, built with super sized pixels about 6 mm wide, have demonstrated tunable patch antenna structures operating at microwave frequencies. A pair of these patch elements was formed along with microstrip transmission lines to interconnect and feed the patches. Software defined variations in the feed lines created relative phase differences between the patches, thus steering the beam.
Large, conformal surfaces of this type could be easily reconfigured in near real time to provide beam steering of high gain antenna patterns. The ability to rapidly change frequency could also be advantageous for software defined radios that hop across large parts of the radio spectrum. SDAs could be used as multifunctional apertures connecting to different radios as the need arises.
It appears that one of the Scandinavia-based telecommunication companies is also working on an operational prototype .

</doc>
<doc id="19815283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815283" title="Convergence (routing)">
Convergence (routing)

Convergence is the state of a set of routers that have the same topological information about the internetwork in which they operate. For a set of routers to have "converged", they must have collected all available topology information from each other via the implemented routing protocol, the information they gathered must not contradict any other router's topology information in the set, and it must reflect the real state of the network. In other words: In a converged network all routers "agree" on what the network topology looks like.
Convergence is an important notion for a set of routers that engage in dynamic routing; All Interior Gateway Protocols rely on convergence to function properly. To have converged it is the normal state of an operational autonomous system. The Exterior Gateway Routing Protocol BGP typically never converges because the Internet is too big for changes to be communicated fast enough.
Convergence process.
When a routing protocol process is enabled, every participating router will attempt to exchange information about the topology of the network. The extent of this information exchange, the way it is sent and received, and the type of information required vary widely depending on the routing protocol in use, see e.g. RIP, OSPF, BGP4.
A state of convergence is achieved once all routing protocol-specific information has been distributed to all routers participating in the routing protocol process. Any change in the network that affects routing tables will break the convergence temporarily until this change has been successfully communicated to all other routers.
Convergence time.
Convergence time is a measure of how fast a group of routers reach the state of convergence. It is one of the main design goals and an important performance indicator for routing protocols to implement a mechanism that allows all routers running this protocol to quickly and reliably converge. Of course, the size of the network also plays an important role, a larger network will converge slower than a small one.
RIP is a routing protocol that converges so slowly that even a network of a few routers can take a couple of minutes to converge. In case of a new route being advertised, triggered updates can speed up RIP's convergence but to flush a route that previously existed takes longer due to the holddown timers in use. OSPF is an example of a fast-converging routing protocol. A network of a few routers can converge in a matter of seconds.
Certain configuration and hardware conditions will prevent a network from ever converging. For instance, a "flapping" interface (an interface that frequently changes its state between "up" and "down") might cause conflicting information to propagate the network so that routers never agree on its current state. Under certain circumstances it might be desired to withhold routing information details from parts of the network via route aggregation, thereby speeding up convergence of the topological information shared by all routers.

</doc>
<doc id="19815302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815302" title="Carl Quinn">
Carl Quinn

Carl Quinn is a Cree First Nations singer-songwriter from the Saddle Lake First Nation in Alberta. He is also a traditional pow-wow dancer and sings with the Pisimoyapi drum group, since their inception in#. Throughout his music career Quinn has developed a genre in which he self-described as "New World" and that can be identified by its assortment of pop, rock, pow-wow, and electronica. He has released three albums focused on life, love, tradition and values, all of which he sang in his Native Cree (Nehiyo) language. In 2003, Quinn was awarded the Best Traditional Album, Contemporary Award at the Canadian Aboriginal Music Awards (CAMAs) for his "Nehiyo" Album and in 2005 at the CAMAs he was awarded the best songwriter for "Ni Ototem" and "Otapihkes" which were both from his "Ni Ototem" album.
History.
Carl Quinn is one son from a family of twelve and he was born on the Saddle Lake Cree Nation in a dirt-floored one room shack. Although, throughout his life he has experienced being a hunter, trapper, farm hand, construction worker, and a human resource consultant, he is best known for being a leader in his community by becoming the youngest Chief ever to be elected on the Saddle Lake reserve and even greater known by becoming a great musical inspiration upon his people. The musical influences Quinn originally grew up with were the songs of the traditional ceremony, round dance, handgame, and pow-wow of his Cree heritage. When receiving his first guitar at fifteen Quinn began emulating music of the folk and rock sound from the late sixties and early seventies. Quinn eventually started writing his own music that combined sounds from his musical influences, such as: Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Beatles, Dwight Yoakam, and his traditional musical background.

</doc>
<doc id="19815316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815316" title="List of awards and nominations received by Ne-Yo">
List of awards and nominations received by Ne-Yo

Ne-Yo is African American and Chinese American. While a teenager, Ne-Yo wrote lyrics for other artists, such as Youngstown and Mario, for whom he wrote "Let Me Love You". The song became "one of the most-played songs on urban radio stations across the U.S." Ne-Yo has released four studio albums: "In My Own Words" (2006), "Because of You" (2007), "Year of the Gentleman" (2008), and "Libra Scale" (2010). His debut album, "In My Own Words", was released in early 2006 through Def Jam Recordings, and debuted at number one on "Billboard" 200. More than 301,000 copies were sold in the first week, and the album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America after more than two million copies were sold in the United States and four million worldwide. His second album, "Because of You", was released on May 1, 2007, and its first single was "Because of You".
Ne-Yo has received several nominations at the Grammy Awards during his career; among these are Best Contemporary R&B Album for "In My Own Words", "Because of You" and "Year of the Gentleman", Album of the Year for "Year of the Gentleman", Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for "So Sick", "Because of You" and "Miss Independent", Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Closer", Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group for "Hate That I Love You" and Best R&B Song for "Hate That I Love You" and "Miss Independent". The MTV Video Music Awards has nominated Ne-Yo once, in 2008 for Best Dancing in a Video for "Closer". Ne-Yo has also received one award from six nominations at the BET Awards. Overall, Ne-Yo has received 8 awards from 31 nominations.
Recently, Ne-Yo was honored with four awards at the 2009 ASCAP "Rhythm & Soul Awards." Ne-Yo took home awards for "Closer", "Take a Bow", "Miss Independent", and “Bust it Baby II.”
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Ne-Yo has received two nominations.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network. Ne-Yo has received two awards from seven nominations.
BET Hip Hop Awards.
The BET Hip Hop Awards is an annual awards show hosted by BET. Ne-Yo has received four nominations.
Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards.
The Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards is sponsored by Billboard magazine, is one of several United States music awards shows (among the others are the Grammy Awards and the American Music Awards).
MOBO Awards.
The MOBO Awards is an awards ceremony established in 1995 by Kanya King. Ne-Yo has received two awards from seven nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Ne-Yo has received four nominations.
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual awards show that honors black musicians and entertainers. Ne-Yo has received one award from five nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Ne-Yo has won three awards from 13 nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19815336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815336" title="Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg">
Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg

Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg (13 October 1827 – 8 December 1899) was a Norwegian politician. Spending his professional life as a customs surveyor, he was mayor of the cities Brevik and Skien, and served three terms in the Norwegian Parliament. He also founded the newspaper "Varden", and was editor-in-chief for many years.
Personal life.
Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg was born in Fredrikstad as the son of priest and politician Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg (1794–1858) and his wife Anne Margrethe Zimmer Henchel (1764–1830). He had several brothers and sisters.
In 1858 he married Hanna Magdalena Frisak Ebbesen (1794–1858), daughter of Jørgen Tandberg Ebbesen and sister of Just Bing Ebbesen. They had several sons and daughters, although some died while young. Their son Johan became one of the most influential politicians in Norway, and their son Torgrim was a noted violinist. Through Johan, Johan Christian was the grandfather of professor Frede Castberg.
Following the death of his wife in 1881, Johan Christian was married for a second time in 1887, to Olga Elvira Scheen (1853–1930).
Career.
Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg enrolled as a student in 1846, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1850. He worked as an attorney in Sandefjord, before his appointment as a customs surveyor in Brevik in 1856. He was promoted to head customs surveyor in 1866, and also served as mayor.
In 1871 he was hired as head customs surveyor in Skien. He was elected to the city council the next year, and later served as both deputy mayor and mayor. He was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1877, 1880 and 1886, representing his city. He belonged to the Liberal Party, which had been founded in 1884. There were tensions in the Liberal Party in the late 1880s, culminating in the breakaway by their right wing in 1889 to found the Moderate Liberal Party. Castberg, on the other hand, was among the most radical members.
Castberg was also among the founders of the newspaper "Varden". He was its first editor-in-chief, having this position from 1 January 1875 to September 1884. "Varden" still exists, but its Liberal Party allegiance was scrapped in 1953.
In 1887 he was hired as customs surveyor in Trondhjem. He died in that city in 1899, from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19815340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815340" title="Sielce (disambiguation)">
Sielce (disambiguation)

Sielce is a part of the Mokotów district of Warsaw.
Sielce may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19815345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815345" title="National Institute of Bank Management (Pune)">
National Institute of Bank Management (Pune)

National Institute of Bank Management (NIBM) is an Indian institution for research, training and consultancy in banking and finance. It is located in Pune. The campus is self-contained, with residential and educational facilities.
About the Institute.
NIBM was established in 1969 by the Reserve Bank of India in consultation with the Government of India as an autonomous "think-tank" for the Indian banking system. It is intended to further the government's objective of developing the banking industry in India, making the industry more cost-effective, and thus better equipped to aid national development. The institute focuses on helping managers in the field make their organizations competitive both domestically and internationally. 
The NIBM is governed by a board, which includes representatives from the RBI. 
The institute generates more than 70 per cent of its own operating budget; the rest is funded by the banking industry.
As per the recommendation of the Search Committee, the Governor, RBI has approved the selection of Shri Achintan Bhattacharya (Retired Joint Secretary of Dept. of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, Government of India) for the post of Director, NIBM.
Role.
The Institute is engaged in research (policy and operations), education and training of senior bankers and development finance administrators, and consultancy to the banking and financial sector. 
In addition to its training activities, the institute has run a postgraduate program in banking and finance (PGPBF) since 2003. The PGPBF is designed as a contemporary, rigorous, innovative and practical source of management education. The program is pitched to provide to the financial system, on a regular basis, to a pool of talented young executives who are already trained in the fundamentals of banking and ready to take on managerial responsibilities in the banking and financial sector.
The institute also has two journals name: PRAJNAN-Journal of Social Management and Sciences & Vinimyaya which disseminates research papers and articles on banking and finance and operations.
Member Banks.
In addition to the RBI, its member banks are the State Bank of India and several of its, subsidiaries, 19 national banks, and two foreign banks.

</doc>
<doc id="19815379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815379" title="Bobrek-Kolonia">
Bobrek-Kolonia

Bobrek-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815381" title="Boska Wola">
Boska Wola

Boska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stromiec, north-east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815383" title="Boże, Masovian Voivodeship">
Boże, Masovian Voivodeship

Boże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815384" title="The Olsen Gang (film)">
The Olsen Gang (film)

The Olsen Gang () is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe. This was the first film in the Olsen Gang-series.
Plot.
The plot involves the Olsen Gang as they plan to become millionaires. The movie starts by Egon being arrested for trying to rob a store, while the others run away. After Egon is set free, the gang plan on stealing a golden statue which is worth 12 million. After some planning, the gang sets the plan in action and steal the golden statue. On their way to the airport, their car runs out of gas and the police come take the car (with the statue in it). Constantly chased by Mortensen, they manage to get the statue back and hide it in Kjeld's pram. Unfortunately, Kjeld's wife Yvonne is mad at Kjeld for leaving the pram outside on the sidewalk and takes it away and plans on going back to her mother. The gang now chases after Yvonne (with Mortensen on their tail) and finally succeed on getting the pram back. After almost getting caught, Egon makes a little speech, just before he realizes that the statue is not in the pram. Egon goes mad and leaves Benny and Kjeld behind while he chases after Yvonne. Kjeld and Benny however walk back home with the pram. Turns out that Yvonne didn't go to her mother and came back to Kjeld while Benny is driven home by Ulla. Egon is caught by the police on the boat where Yvonne was supposed to be.
Two years later Egon is released and the gang continues to break the law.

</doc>
<doc id="19815385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815385" title="Dobieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dobieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Dobieszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815386" title="Ducka Wola">
Ducka Wola

Ducka Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815387" title="Grabowy Las">
Grabowy Las

Grabowy Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815389" title="Kolonia Sielce">
Kolonia Sielce

Kolonia Sielce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815390" title="Krzemień, Białobrzegi County">
Krzemień, Białobrzegi County

Krzemień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stromiec, north-east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815391" title="Ksawerów Nowy">
Ksawerów Nowy

Ksawerów Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815393" title="Ksawerów Stary">
Ksawerów Stary

Ksawerów Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815395" title="Lipskie Budy">
Lipskie Budy

Lipskie Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815398" title="Małe Boże">
Małe Boże

Małe Boże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815400" title="Marianki, Białobrzegi County">
Marianki, Białobrzegi County

Marianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815402" title="Biofuel in New Zealand">
Biofuel in New Zealand

There are a number of biofuels used in New Zealand.
Biofuels.
Biodiesel.
Ecodiesel, a company owned by a group of New Zealand farmers, plans to build a biodiesel plant by the end of 2008. The plant will be built in stages and cheaper than Argent's, and could produce 20 million litres of tallow-based biodiesel per year by April 2009.
In the effort to develop an aviation biofuel, Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it can provide a renewable alternative to conventional fuel.
Bioethanol.
Gull Force 10, a bioethanol blend, was introduced commercially in New Zealand for the first time by the company Gull on 1 August 2007. It contained 10% ethanol made from dairy by product by Anchor Ethanol, a subsidiary of Fonterra Ltd. On 8 August 2008, Gull introduced a 91-octane bioethanol blend in Albany. The blend, 'regular plus', contained 10% ethanol and included bioethanol made from whey. Gull planned to release the fuel to 33 stations, and marketed it as under $2 per litre. On release, the company said it would try to keep the price two cents less than its standard 91-octane fuel.
It was reported that British fuel producer Argent Energy would abandon plans to build a plant in Tauranga to produce tallow-based biodiesel. The plant would have cost over $100 million to build, and would have competed with cheaper sugar-based ethanol imports from Brazil. The plant could not proceed because a 42c/L tax break on bioethanol until 2010 had not been approved by the government.
Biomass.
Firewood is used as a means of heating some homes in New Zealand and wood pellet fires are now becoming more common, especially in areas with high levels of air pollution.
Legislation and government funding.
Biofuel Bill.
The Labour-led government introduced a Biofuel Bill in October 2007. It passed its second reading in Parliament in September 2008. The Bill requires petrol and diesel to have a percentage of biofuels added with the amount increasing to 2.5% after five years.
In April 2008 the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment, independent from but funded by the government, recommended in a select committee briefing that the Biofuels Bill should not proceed. This conclusion was arrived at on a number of grounds. The Biofuels Bill did not restrict the importation of biofuels and this would lead to potential societal and environmental harm that may be greater than if biofuels were not used. It was also claimed that this may damage the "clean green" image of New Zealand. Waiting for second generation biofuels and curbing the growth in transport energy consumption were also seen as reasons for not supporting the Bill
After the National Party gained power it repealed parts of the Biofuel Bill with the Energy (Fuels, Levies, and References) Biofuel Obligation Repeal Act. It removed the mandatory requirement for all fuel to have a percentage of biofuel.
Sustainable Biofuels Bill.
The Green Party tabled a Sustainable Biofuels Bill which passed its first reading in Parliament in July 2009. The Bill "is to ensure that biofuels that are supplied or sold in New Zealand from 1 May 2010 are sustainable biofuels".
Funding.
In the 2009 Budget $36 million was made available over a three-year period as grants for biofuel production. It is only available for producers who sell on the local market and are able to meet the quality specifications for engine fuels.

</doc>
<doc id="19815404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815404" title="Matyldzin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Matyldzin, Masovian Voivodeship

Matyldzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815406" title="Mokry Las">
Mokry Las

Mokry Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815408" title="Nętne">
Nętne

Nętne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815409" title="Niedabyl">
Niedabyl

Niedabyl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815410" title="Olszowa Dąbrowa">
Olszowa Dąbrowa

Olszowa Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815411" title="Pietrusin">
Pietrusin

Pietrusin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815412" title="Piróg">
Piróg

Piróg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815413" title="Podlesie Duże, Masovian Voivodeship">
Podlesie Duże, Masovian Voivodeship

Podlesie Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815414" title="Vincenzo da Via Anfossi">
Vincenzo da Via Anfossi

Vincenzo da Via Anfossi is an Italian rapper, born and living in Milan, Italy.
Career.
Via Anfossi started his career in the latter half of the 1980s. At first, he joined the band 16K, as an accountant, with the nickname "Aken". In 1998, he joined Armata 16, a band formed by former members of 16K. His first effort as a rapper/singer came on the album "Spiriti Liberi", released by Armata 16 in 1999. After Armata 16 broke up, Via Anfossi became part of the Dogo Gang.
After various collaborations, both with members of the Dogo Gang and others, Via Anfossi published his first solo album as a singer: "L'ora D'aria", which was distributed by Universal and produced by Don Joe and Deleterio, both members of the Dogo Gang.
In 2008-09, Via Anfossi toured with Marracash. With Marracash he was nominated for Best Italian Act at the MTV European Music Awards, alongside nominees Finley, Baustelle, Fabri Fibra, and Sonohra.

</doc>
<doc id="19815415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815415" title="Pokrzywna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pokrzywna, Masovian Voivodeship

Pokrzywna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815417" title="Sielce, Gmina Stromiec">
Sielce, Gmina Stromiec

Sielce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815418" title="Stara Wieś, Białobrzegi County">
Stara Wieś, Białobrzegi County

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815421" title="Stromiecka Wola">
Stromiecka Wola

Stromiecka Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815422" title="Sułków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sułków, Masovian Voivodeship

Sułków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815424" title="Zabagnie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zabagnie, Masovian Voivodeship

Zabagnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stromiec, east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19815425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815425" title="Daggubati Venkateswara Rao">
Daggubati Venkateswara Rao

Dr. Daggubati Venkateswara Rao, M.B.,B.S., (born 14 December 1953) is a member of the Indian National Congress. Daggubati Venkateswara Rao is the eldest son-in-law of Late N. T. Rama Rao, actor and founder of the Telugu Desam political party. He married politician Daggubati Purandeswari on 9 May 1979. The couple have two children, Nivedita and Hitesh chenchuram, daughter and son respectively.
Daggubati Venkateswara Rao is an Ex-Minister, Ex-Member of Parliament and Current Member of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly representing Parchur constituency in Prakasham District.He won the 2009 General Election by getting 73,691 votes and a majority of 2,776 votes. He was elected to AP state Assembly in 1984, 1985, 1989, 2004, 2009 and to Lok sabha (Indian lower house) in 1991 and to Rajya Sabha (Indian Upper House) in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19815434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815434" title="Pia Zebadiah Bernadeth">
Pia Zebadiah Bernadeth

Pia Zebadiah Bernadet (known Pia Zebadiah, born Medan, North Sumatra; January 22, 1989) is a female badminton player from Indonesia. She is the sister of men's doubles world and Olympic champion Markis Kido.
Career.
Women's Singles.
In 2007 she contributed to the Indonesian women's team's capture of the gold medal at the SEA Games by beating Singapore's Gu Juan 21-15, 17-21, 21-12 in the decisive match. 
Perhaps her best performance came in the 2008 Uber Cup. She helped Indonesia to defeat Germany in the semifinals by dominating Karin Schnaase 21-7, 21-15.
She played in the 2008 Indonesia, Japan, and Denmark Super Series events, advancing farthest in Denmark where she reached the quarterfinals. 
Another good performance came at the Chinese Taipei Open, where she defeated her compatriot Maria Kristin Yulianti, who won the bronze medal at the Olympic Games, in the quarter-final. However, she lost to the young star from India, Saina Nehwal, in the semifinals.
Women's Doubles.
Now Pia Zebadiah play in women doubles with Rizki Amelia Pradipta. Previously, she played with Debby Susanto, but the result was not so good.They often defeated in the earlier round of a tournament. Because, Pia are confused she can't play well in several tournaments in women's doubles discipline, she then break her partnering with Susanto. In 2011, Pia decided to be a professional player along with his brother, Kido, rather than be in national training center. After being professional player, she making partner with Rizki. Pia achieved better result in women's doubles. In 2012, she with Pradipta won Chinese Taipei Open. While in 2013, they won Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold.
Mixed Doubles.
Pia Zebadiah play in mixed doubles too, with Frans Kurniawan Teng. She always appear confident, and very lissom. In 2009, Pia Zebadiah take first title from New Zealand Open and defeated World Badminton Player No.10 Yohan Hadikusumo Wiratama/Chau Hoi Wah from Hong Kong.In 2010 They reached as semi-finalist in Indonesia Open Grand Prix Gold they defeated by Lilyana Natsir/Tantowi Ahmad. In 2011, They could reach their first final super series, but defeated by their Indonesianmate too in the final by Lilyana Natsir/Tantowi Ahmad with just straight sets 21-18, 23-21. They became the main pair of mix double in Sudirman Cup causing by Injured of Lilyana Natsir and they could play quite good.
Personal life.
She started playing badminton in Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club. Her parents are Djumharbey Anwar (father) and Yul Asteria Zakaria (mother). In spare time she plays football.
Her brothers, Bona Septano, and Markis Kido, are also Indonesian national badminton players.
Achievements.
Mixed Doubles with Markis Kido
Women's Doubles with Rizki Amelia Pradipta
Women's Doubles with Debby Susanto
Mixed Doubles with Hafiz Faisal
Mixed Doubles with Fran Kurniawan

</doc>
<doc id="19815454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815454" title="Early Autumn (disambiguation)">
Early Autumn (disambiguation)

Early Autumn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19815468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815468" title="Jean Le Moal">
Jean Le Moal

Jean Le Moal (30 October 1909 - 16 March 2007) was a French painter of the new Paris school, designer of stained glass windows, and one of the founder members of the Salon de Mai.
Biography.
Jean Le Moal enrolled at the "Ecole des Beaux-Arts de Lyon" in 1926, and the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs in Paris in 1929. He also attended the "Académie Ranson" (1935–1936).
In 1939 Le Moal worked on the 1400sq.meter ceiling of the French Pavilion at the International Exhibition in New York.
In 1941 he exhibited in "XX jeunes peintres de tradition française", with Bazaine, Manessier, Singier, Pignon, Gischia, and in 1943 in "Douze peintres d’aujourd’hui" at Galerie de France. In 1945 he was a founding member of the Salon de Mai.
In the post-war years Jean Le Moal became established as a prominent figure in European painting. He exhibited throughout Europe and was also awarded the "Prix de la Critique" in 1953.
Several retrospectives have been dedicated to Le Moal’s work, including at Musée de Lubeck and Musée de Wuppertal (1961), Musée de Metz and Musée de la Ville de Luxembourg (1963), Musées de Rennes, Chartres, Rouen, Dijon, Lille and Caen (1970–1971), "Espace lyonnais d'art contemporain" and Musées de Besançon, Esch-sur-Alzette, Dunkerque and Nantes (1990–1992).
The artist’s work is represented in many museums including

</doc>
<doc id="19815471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815471" title="Krzemień (disambiguation)">
Krzemień (disambiguation)

Krzemień is a peak in the Bieszczady mountains in south-east Poland.
Krzemień may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19815472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815472" title="Melton Carnegie Museum">
Melton Carnegie Museum

The Melton Carnegie Museum is a museum in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, which documents the history of the market town. It is managed by Leicestershire County Council and supported by Melton Borough Council and is Heritage Lottery Funded.
History of the Museum.
The former Andrew Carnegie Library, built in 1905, was refurbished and opened by Leicestershire County Council in 1977 as the Melton Carnegie Museum.
In 1983 the National Museum of Hunting Trust was established. With Melton being a world-renowned centre of Fox Hunting, the Melton building was intended to incorporate material on hunting. A planned refurbishment of the building, costing some £500,000, gave the opportunity to include a fox-hunting display, celebrated at the re-opening in the speech of Baroness Mallalieu on 3 May 2002.
The museum, which has doubled in size, re-opened in late 2010, following a major building project which created a new gallery, study area and community space.
The Museum.
The museum, which reopened in 2002 following major refurbishment, traces the social and economic history of Melton and includes exhibitions on the town’s world-renowned Stilton cheese and pork pie industries and accounts of the arguments for and against fox hunting.
Stilton cheese and pork pies from Melton are famous around the world. The museum has displays on the history of these trades and others including saddle, shoemaking and tinsmithing and the impact they had on the town, as well as how the Romans, Anglo Saxons, Normans, Tudors, Georgians and Victorians would have lived in the area. 
"Painting the town red" also has strong local connections.
The Museum is accredited by the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA).

</doc>
<doc id="19815481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815481" title="Shang Yang (artist)">
Shang Yang (artist)

Shang Yang (born 1942, Kaixian, Sichuan Province, former name Shang Nengquan ) is a prominent contemporary Chinese painter currently living in Beijing, China and is considered one of the most important painters of the life-stream movement. Known for his oriental humanist thought he believes landscapes are living things and puts their spirit into his brushwork. In 1965 he graduated from the Hubei Art Academy, where he then taught for several years. He received his masters from the Hubei Art Academy in 1981. Yang became the Associate President in 1989. Shang Yang became a Professor and the Officer-in-Charge of Fine Arts at the Research Institute of South China Normal University in 1993. Also in 1993, he became the Vice President of the Chinese Art painting Society. Shang Yang has exhibited extinsively in China since the 1980s, including at Shanghai Biennale in 1996, and has shown internationally at galleries in London, Paris, Tokyo, St. Petersburg, and Helsinki. 
Shang Yang's work often appropriates images from traditional Chinese landscape painting, which are screened onto the canvas by a machine; he then distorts the image with graffiti or obtrusive geometrical designs. His works combine avant-garde exploration and solid artistic skill to create unique works of expressionism oil painting.
Career Timeline.
1942 Born at Honghu, Hubei Province. Kai County, Sichuan Province by Origin
1957 Studied in Hubei Art Academy Attached Middle School
1965 Graduated from Hubei Institute of Fine Arts, then Served as Art Editor in Hubei People’s Publishing House
1981 Graduated with M.A. in Oil Painting Department from Hubei Institute of Fine Arts
1985 Trustee of Chinese Artists Association
1987 Professor of Hubei Institute of Fine Arts
1989 Vice President of Hubei Institute of Fine Arts
1995 Director in Institute of Fine Arts of South China Normal University and Vice Chairman of Chinese Oil Painting Association.
1997 Professor in Fine Arts Academy of Capital Normal University
2000 Director in Fine Arts Academy of Capital Normal University
2009 China Artists Association, Vice Director of the Oil Painting Arts
Style.
Shang Yang was trained Soviet Realism but after the Cultural Revolution he was one of the first artists to reject his training. He started creating mixed media works in the early 1980s.
Shang Yang's work tends to use images from traditional Chinese landscape paintings. The images are then screened onto a canvas by a machine. He then distorts the image with graffiti or obtrusive geometrical designs. Shang Yang has demonstrated an infatuation with the yellow earth plateau remote from southern culture. In the years 1984-1985, Shang Yang created a series
of oil paintings on Korean paper about the conditions and customs of northern Shaanxi, clearly signaling his change
in artistic style. In his painting 'Yellow River boatmen' you can see the beginnings of his fascination with the loess plateau, and this wells forth in an uninhibited way in his later works in the fundamental timbre of yellow. In 'Mother of the Loess Plateau' the artist loves the barren mountainous area of the Yellow River Basin and its people. In this work, the image of the mother, the stone wall behind her, and the loess hills in the background link together, hinting at the inseparable bond created by life in a warm and intrepid environment.
Yellow Theme.
"When Shang Yang was an art student he applied for a field trip to northern Shaanxi Province in 1981, many of his fellow students considered the artist to be “a little under the weather.” Though revered as the cradle of Chinese civilization, the Yellow River Basin was then one of the poorest areas in the country and few of his classmates could understand the artist’s passion for the region.
The trip, though, proved to be a life-changing experience for the artist, providing the inspiration for nearly three decades of work, which have earned him the reputation as the “evergreen tree” for his endless stream of artistic creativity and a place as one of the country’s most accomplished artists.
According to Shang, while in Shaanxi, he felt completely removed from the materialism of the world around him and was able to connect on a fundamental level with the region’s natural surroundings. He was greatly inspired by Shaanxi’s landscapes and rural communities and created many oil paintings revolving around the theme of the Yellow River, which are still among the artist’s most famous works.
Painted in a burst of yellow hues, His Shaanxi paintings often depicted the hard lives of the locals, such as the Yellow River’s taut and tanned boat trackers or women with weather-beaten faces, and all resonate with a deep sense of human compassion."
Shang Yang's use of warm yellow tones endows the landscape of rock and loess with poetry. While stillness and warmth replace the bare desolation, the gate of worn stones and the barren earth and slopes are imbued with a rich ro- mantic air. In these works, what some critics described at the time as 'Shang Yang's yellow' came to be the central player. This side-lit loess with its duller brownish yellow was not at all coquettish in its appeal, exhibiting only a nat- ural mood. Shang Yang's later works progressively began to break loose from the bewitchment or control exerted by the colors of the region, as his paintings gave fuller play and expression to subjective elements.
Controversy/Conflict.
In June 1989, Shang Yang lost his position as head of Wuhan's Academy of Fine Arts after he marched with some of his students in Tiananmen Square. 3 months before the march, Yang exhibited a series of paintings at Beijing's National Gallery called "State". These works appeared to express Yang's dissatisfaction with the current state of China and his own frazzled state of mind.
Shang Yang regained respect in 1992 with the release of his piece "Morning Tea" which is said to examine concerns for lost values in Chinese culture. One of his latest works, titled "Bride", reveals Yang's worries of commercialism in China. The piece is a Mono Lisa covered in labels of fast food to represent the connections between culture and the market.
Growth.
Shang Yang's paintings have been increasing in value. "Hard Labor", an oil on canvas piece, was estimated to sell for up to $995,797 at a 2009 auction.
Shang Yang participated in the Post-89 Chinese New Art exhibition. It was held in the massive Hong Kong Arts Center in January and February 1993. There were more than 200 paintings, sculptures and installations by more than 50 artists.
Dong Qichang Project.
Since 2002, Shang Yang has attempted to collage and print mechanically-reproduced images on his already-mature “the Great Landscape”. Shang Yang: the Dong Qichang Project explores the idea that the aggressive intervention of contemporary culture has fragmented and flattened the solid traditional Chinese logic of self-sufficiency, harmony and unity. This exhibition marks Shang Yang's first solo show within more than five decades of art production; it promises to deliver a comprehensive display of his impressive skill and conceptual development presenting in his latest artworks. His self-imposed mission to “contribute to modernism” in the pursuit of art has had wide practical significance to the development of Chinese contemporary art. His “Dong Qichang Project” is a summarization of his “Big Scenery Series”. Since 2003, Shang has continuously worked on this subject to remind us of our interdependent relationship with the nature. Dong Qichang was a great painter in Ming Dynasty, who had great influence on painters with his excellent landscape paintings and his theories of painting. Therefore, Shang borrows patterns from Dong to create his own works. Scenery here becomes artificial, far from the depiction of some real things. Shang creates paintings symbols which combine time elements and historical elements. He is closely related to the tradition of Chinese landscape paintings and is trying to develop this tradition in a modern form. Dong Qichang was a painter, calligrapher and an experienced art critic during the Ming dynasty.
Solo Exhibitions.
2009 The Dong Qichang Project, Beijing Center for the Arts. Beijing, China.
2006 Essence of Sketch – Shang Yang’s Painting Exhibition, Chengdu Blue Space
　　Art Gallery, Sichuan,China.
Invitational Exhibitions and Awards (Recent Years).
2011 “Across - Chinese Contemporary Art Exhibition II”, Museum of Monreale Palermo,Sicily, Italy
2010 “Across - Chinese Contemporary Art Exhibition I”, Spoletto Old City Art Gallery, Spoletto, Italy
2010
The State of Things — Contemporary Art from China and Belgium. National Art Museum of China
Reshaping History — China New Art from 2000 to 2009. China National Convention Center.
Thirty Years of Chinese Contemporary Art 1979—2009. Minsheng Art Museum, Shanghai, China
Unending Distance — the 3rd Exhibition of Abstract Art. PIFO New Art Gallery, Beijing, China
Research and Exceed — The Second Exhibition of Small Oil Paintings. National Art Museum of China
Ink 2010 Shanghai World Expo. Shanghai World Expo Bureau zero carbon Museum, China
The third abstract - Chinese Contemporary ink painting exhibition. Shanghai Duolun Museum of Art, China
2009
Ink not Ink：Chinese Contemporary Ink and Wash Art Exhibition. Drexel University Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia，USA
Ink not Ink：Chinese Contemporary Ink and Wash Art Exhibition. Warsaw Royal Castle, Hungarian Agricultural Museum, The National Museum of Contemporary Art of Romania, Sculpture Museum of the Croatian Academy of Science and Arts.
Yi School: Century Thinking, Today Art Museum
New Image: Contemporary Chinese Ink and Paper Art Exhibition. Belarus National Gallery, Minsk, Belarus; Serbia History.
Open sight - Chinese Contemporary Art Exhibition, The Czech National Gallery
In the - abstract art exhibition in occasion of the birth of a hundred years, Beijing partial front new art space
State of affairs -EUROPALIAChina Art Festival Exhibition, Belgian Royal Palace of Fine Arts
Ink and wash painting calligraphy - a third abstraction, Shanghai Contrasts Gallery
Traditional Easter - Chinese Contemporary Art Exhibition, Frankfurt, Germany BASIS SPACE
Collision - 27 cases of Chinese contemporary art, Beijing's Central Academy of Fine Arts Gallery
2009 Context spiritual elite Chinese version of the Contemporary Art Exhibition, Nanjing Qinghe Art Gallery, Beijing Art America Fund
Traditional Easter - Chinese Contemporary Art Exhibition Shandong Library
2009 China Art Exhibition, Beijing Central Iron Age Museum of Art
Hill also has water - 2009 China Contemporary Art Exhibition, Taipei Contemplation Arts Center, Taiwan
Art 60 years of New China, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
2008
Yi School: Thirty Years of Chinese “Abstraction”, La Caixa Forum Museum of Parma,Barcelona and Madrid, Spain
Inside·Outside Images – The Inviting Exhibition of Chinese Contemporary Oil Paintings, Yu Xin Art Museum, Singapore
Writings·Marks – Joint Exhibition of 20 Artists in Abstract Painting, Imperial City Art Museum, Beijing, China
2008 Chinese Contemporary Art Documenta, Wall Art Museum, Beijing, China
The Third Beijing International Art Biennale, China 2008, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
2D and 3D, Negotiating Visual Languages, PMK Gallery, Beijing, China
Hypallage –The Post Modern Mode of Chinese Contemporary Art, the OCT Art& Design Gallery, Shenzhen, China
Ink Not Ink: Chinese Modern Ink and Wash Art Exhibition, Shenzhen Art Museum, Shenzhen; Today Art Museum, Beijing, China
Expand & Fusion – Chinese Oil Painting Study and Exhibition, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
The Grit between the Stones – A Meeting between Swedish and Chinese Contemporary Painting, Museum of Far Eastern Antiquities, Stockholm, Sweden; National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Sunshine International Art Annual Exhibition, Sunshine International Art Museum, Beijing, China
People·History – Exhibition of Studies of Chinese Art of the 20th Century, CAFA Art Museum, Beijing, China
Culture after Culture – 12 Chinese Contemporary Oil Painters Exhibition, YUAN Center of Art, Beijing, China
Pursuing source and doctrine – Oil Painting Research Exhibition, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Art Basel Miami Beach 2008, Miami, USA
2007
The Scenery of Desire – Shang Yang and His Student Art Exhibition, Bridge Gallery, Beijing; MOCA Shijiazhuang, Shijizhuang, Hebei Province, China
OTKPbITOe KNTaNCKOe NCKYCCTBO, Tocyaapctbehhbin Pyccknn My3en, St.Petersburg, Russia
Rote Berge, Grunes wasser Chinesische und Beutsche Kunstler Heute, Lubecker Museum, Lubecker; Pfalz History Museum, Pfalz, Germany
Landscape – Nature·Spirit, Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, Finland
On Ink and Wash – A Dialogue between Contemporary Artists, Tank Loft·Chongqing Contemporary Art Center, Chongqing; Shenzhen Art Museum, Shenzhen, China
Trace Contemporary·Chinese Version, 2007 Credit Suisse Beijing Comprehensive art Exhibition, Today Art Museum, Beijing, China
Strategy on Paper – Works on Paper Invitational, Square Gallery of Contemporary Art, Jiangsu Province, China
Interception – Chinese Image in Contemporary Art Invitation Show, Three Gorges Museum, Chongqing, China
Decennial, Hejingyuan museum of art opening exhibition, H.J.Y. Contemporary Art Center, Beijing, China
2006
Anatomical Signs – Internationally Invitational Exhibition of Contemporary Art, Baoqu Tang Modern Art Gallery, Hong Kong,China
China Scenery, Square Gallery of Contemporary Art, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China
Expanding Realism – Chinese Mainland Oil Painting from 1978, Taipei Fine Art Museum, Taipei, China
The Second Exhibition of Chinese Art Today, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Cross the Continent – Joint Exhibition of 11 Artists from China and Germany, Sanxian Art Space, Shanghai, China
Chinese Contemporary Art Document Exhibition, Honored with the Award of Literature, Beijing World Art Museum, The China Millennium Monument, Beijing, China
2005
Dress Up, Chinese Opera Art Exhibition, Today Art Museum, Beijing, China
Nature and Human – The Second Contemporary China Landscape Painting • Oil Landscape Painting Exhibition, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Asian Art Exhibition, Shunde Art Gallery, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China
Up and Down The Great River: A Retrospection of New Era’s Chinese Oil Painting, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Conspire: The 1st Exhibition of T.S.1 Contemporary Art Center, TS1 Contemporary Art Center, Beijing, China
The Endless Landscape, Invitational Contemporary Oil Painting Exhibition Jiangsu Art Museum, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China
2004
Inviting Exhibition of Contemporary Art from China, France and Korea, International Art Gallery, Beijing, China
Baishi / Youji, Liu Hai Su Art Museum, Shanghai; Art Museum of Central Academy of Fine Arts, Beijing, China
The First Nominated Exhibition of Fine Art Literature, Honored with the Award of Literature, Art Gallery of Hubei Institute of Fine Arts, Wuhan, Hubei Province, China
2003
An Opening Era, Celebration Exhibition of 40th Anniversary of Founding of China National Museum of Fine Arts, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Beijing International Art Biennial, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
Premieres Lueurs sur L' Orient—L'aventure de la peinture chinoise au 20ème Siecle, Palais de la Porte Dorée, Paris, France
Fine Pieces of New Expressionism Oil Painting of Chinese Master, Liu Hai Su Art Museum, Shanghai, China
The Fine Pieces Exhibition of The Third Oil Painting Exhibition of China, National Art Museum of China, Beijing, China
2002
Behind The Reality, Dimensions Art Center, Taipei, China
The First Guangzhou Triennial, Guangdong Museum of Art, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China
The First Triennial of Chinese Arts, Guangzhou Art Museum，Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China
Century Demeanor—Exhibition of China’s Contemporary Art Masters, Beijing World Art Museum, The China Millennium Monument, Beijing, China
Concept Image: 2002 China Modern Oil painting Invitation Exhibition, Shenzhen Art Museum, Shenzhen, China

</doc>
<doc id="19815483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815483" title="Michael Bowen (artist)">
Michael Bowen (artist)

Michael Bowen (December 8, 1937 – March 7, 2009) was an American fine artist known as one of the co-founders of the late 20th and 21st century Visionary art movements. His works include paintings on canvas and paper, 92 intaglio etchings based on Jungian psychology, assemblage, bronze sculpture, collage, and handmade art books.
An icon of the American Beat Generation and the 1960s counterculture, Bowen is also known for his role in inspiring and organizing the first Human Be-In in San Francisco. Chronicled in books and periodicals reflecting on the turbulent 60s, Bowen's historical impact on both the literary and visual art worlds is well documented. He remains influential among avant-garde art circles around the world.
Early career in Los Angeles.
Michael Bowen was born December 8, 1937, in Beverly Hills to Grace and Sterling Bowen, a Hollywood dentist. His mother's lover, Benjamin (Bugsy) Siegel, affectionately known as Uncle Benjie to Michael, would often take the youthful Bowen to not only the Flamingo Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada that he created, but also to the Sir Francis Drake Hotel near Union Square in downtown San Francisco. Bowen's early romance with San Francisco established this city as his home base from which he would frequently travel to other places in the world. He started his art career at age 17, when he joined the American installation artist Ed Kienholz in his Los Angeles studio. There he met and joined with other influential Beat Generation artists including Wallace Berman, John Altoon, and Dennis Hopper. Bowen participated in the construction of the Ferus Gallery and Now Gallery created by Ed Kienholz and curated by Walter Hopps. Bowen attended the Chouinard Art Institute for several years during his formative artistic experiences in Los Angeles.
Early mystical education.
Bowen's grandmother, Alma Porter, was a member of The Theosophical Society in Ojai, California, where young Bowen was exposed to the significance of esoteric metaphysics and modern art. In Los Angeles, teenage Bowen's many visits to the mystical gatherings at Samson De Brier's house further solidified his early Asian philosophical studies. In the late 50s and early 60s, Bowen continued his spiritual training and research. He investigated and practiced a variety of occult topics, Eastern philosophies, and mysticism, and his artwork reflected these themes. Bowen is often referred to as a mystic artist. As a lifelong student of the Bhagavad-Gita, Bowen's entire career has emulated the spiritual warrior archetype of Arjuna, fighting for the Bill of Rights of the United States Constitution.
San Francisco Beat Generation.
Michael Bowen moved to San Francisco in the late 50s, and along with fellow artist comrades Arthur Monroe and Michael McCracken, lived and worked out of 72 Commercial Street. Painting spontaneous, impromptu, hectic canvases, along with assemblage and collage, Bowen became an integral part of the San Francisco Renaissance.
The Norwegian art patron and physician Reidar Wennesland befriended Bowen and many of his bohemian artist friends and collected their artwork. Bowen's work now makes up the majority of the paintings in the Wennesland Foundation Collection located in Kristiansand, Norway, alongside many other important North Beach artists, such as Jay DeFeo. A 1963 painting of Janis Joplin by Bowen, along with his prophetic 1966 Love painting, are examples of the Bowen works in the Wennesland collection. Bowen's style progressed from large abstract expressionist canvases to figuratives and large faces, to assemblage. Bowen's painting about McCarthyism, "Red Future?" from the Wennesland Collection, was featured in the 1995 Whitney Museum exhibition "Beat Culture and the New America, 1950-1965", which opened in New York City and then traveled to the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis and the De Young Museum in San Francisco.
Exile from San Francisco.
In 1963, police brutality and persecution drove many of the Beat Generation writers, musicians, and artists out of San Francisco. Michael Bowen, along with many of his artist friends moved to an old Abalone Factory in Princeton by the Sea, where they lived and painted for many months. Bowen's singer friend, Janis Joplin was a frequent guest at the Princeton Abalone studio.
In 1963, on one of Bowen's visits to be with his mentor in Tepoztlan, he was initiated into an ancient Aztec shamanic ceremony that inspired his future work with world consciousness transformation. After his initiation, Bowen traveled to New York City, where he established a studio in the Lower East Side and met with many of the Beat Generation artists, writers, and musicians living on America's East Coast. He often visited the two former Harvard professors Timothy Leary and Ram Dass, then Richard Alpert, in their mansion at Millbrook, New York, where a new variety of consciousness experimentations were being conducted.
Haight-Ashbury and the Summer of Love.
"San Francisco Oracle" and the Love Pageant Rally.
In the summer of 1966, Michael Bowen traveled back to San Francisco and established a studio/ashram in the middle of the newly burgeoning Haight-Ashbury neighborhood. Along with the poet Allen Cohen, Bowen co-founded the underground newspaper, "San Francisco Oracle" that broadcast the 60s counterculture ideology. Bowen became the art director and let his studio become the offices for the Oracle, while Cohen was the editor. As the S.F. Oracle guru, Bowen hosted the first underground press meeting at his studio at Stinson Beach.
On October 6, 1966, Bowen and Cohen organized the Love Pageant Rally, a celebration against the new law criminalizing LSD in California. Because of Bowen's friendship and invitation, Janis Joplin came to the event along with her band, Big Brother and the Holding Company, and played for free. About 3,000 people attended the Love Pageant Rally, and towards the end, Ram Dass, Cohen, and Bowen discussed having another event, this time much bigger, to celebrate the newly developing hippie counterculture and consciousness expansion in San Francisco.
The Human Be-In.
The event the three counterculture leaders previously envisioned became the Human Be-In, which took place on January 14, 1967. The event was primarily organized by Bowen. He created the poster promoting the event, organized the city permit, invited the Beat Generation speakers, including Allen Ginsberg, Gary Snyder, Lenore Kandel, Michael McClure, and Timothy Leary, and scheduled the San Francisco rock bands, including The Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane, who played for free at the event. The Hells Angels provided security, and a flatbed truck with amplification driven by a gas generator was donated to create a stage. The Human Be-In was a coming together of people for no other reason than to just "BE"; to make love, not war, to share and commune with new friends and to celebrate life. The Human Be-In, sometimes referred to as a Love-In, was specifically designed by Bowen to be imitated and to be remembered into the future. As a lifelong fine artist, Bowen considers his creation of the Human Be-In to be performance art. This notion was confirmed by an Italian journalist, who calls Bowen "The father of performance art" for his Human Be-In creation.
Flower Power.
On October 21, 1967, 75,000 anti-war protesters surrounded the Pentagon in Washington D.C.. On that day, Bowen organized 200 lbs. of daisies, purchased by his New York friend Peggy Hitchcock, (the wife of Walter Bowart), to be dropped from a light aircraft onto the Pentagon, but the FBI heard of the plan and seized the aircraft, so the flowers were distributed to the protesters as the Military Police protected the Pentagon from the massive anti Vietnam War demonstration. The daisies, brought to the front lines of the tense confrontation by Bowen and others, were taken by the demonstrators and put into the nearest holder that symbolically communicated their anti-war sentiment. The iconic photograph ""Flower Power"", taken by photojournalist Bernie Boston, of the daisies being put into the bayoneted gun barrels of the soldiers by the unarmed anti-war demonstrators, was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1968. The photograph "flower power" is listed as #30 amongst the top 100 wartime photographs and the idealism of flower power remains as an anti-war symbol.
India and Nepal.
In 1969, Bowen made his first pilgrimage to India and Nepal where he completed a series of drawings and sketches. These drawings were made into a book, "Journey to Nepal", published by City Lights Books in 1970.
Throughout his five-decade career, many of the themes in Bowen's artworks represent sukhavati, the pure land or place of bliss. As a long-time student of Vedanta, Bowen's images are best understood through the lens of the ancient Dharmic Wisdom traditions of Asia.
In the early 1990s, Bowen found an abandoned cement traffic barrier in Golden Gate Park and claimed to have transformed it into a Shiva lingam. It then became a site of worship and veneration until the authorities had him remove it. At that time, he was known as Baba Kali Das.
Personal life.
Bowen married three times: first to actress Sonia Sorel (1921–2004). The marriage ended in divorce. His second wife was Martine. His third marriage was to Isabella—the marriage lasted until Bowen's death. Bowen is survived by his sons Michael, Ramakrishna and Indra, and daughters Maitreya and Kaela.
Death.
Bowen died in Stockholm of complications of childhood polio.

</doc>
<doc id="19815484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815484" title="Bibliography of Ramakrishna">
Bibliography of Ramakrishna

Ramakrishna (1836–1886) is a famous mystic of nineteenth-century India. Ramakrishna never wrote down the details of his own life. Sources for his life and teachings come from the writings of his disciples and live witnesses. Ramakrishna's recorded sayings mainly come from the last four years of his life.
Keshabchandra Sen's "Paramahamsa Deber Ukti" (1878) is the earliest known work on Ramakrishna. Keshab also publicized Ramakrishna's teachings in the journals of his religious movement "New Dispensation" over a period of several years, which was instrumental in bringing Ramakrishna to the attention of a wider audience, especially the Bhadralok (English-educated classes of Bengal) and the Europeans residing in India. This was followed by Sureshchandra Dutta's "Pramahamsa Ramakrishna Deber Ukti" (1884)
"Sri Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsadever Jivan-vrittanta" (1880) by Ram Chandra Dutta, is one of the earliest published biography of Ramakrishna. Religious scholar, Narasingha Sil and Jeffery Kripal argue that Datta's "Jivanvrttanta" is the most scandalous biography of Ramakrishna, "containing the lurid details of his "sadhana" as well as his quite suggestive encounters with his patron Mathur." They cite a letter written by Swami Vivekananda in 1884 asking to "Avoid all irregular indecent expressions about sex etc...because other nations think it the height of indecency to mention such things, and his life in English is going to be read by the whole world" and calling Ramchandra Dutta's translation a "bosh and rot". They also argue that Ramchandra Dutta faced a possible lawsuit from Swami Vivekananda. However, Swami Atmajnanananda and Pravrajika Vrajaprana argue that as of 1995, this book has been published in nine Bengali editions. Kripal later withdrew his claim that the Ramakrishna Mission has consciously concealed information.
In 1887, Akshay Kumar Sen wrote Ramakrishna's life in verse — "Sri Sri Ramakrishna Punthi" in Bengali. Akshay Kumar Sen later wrote "Padye Sri Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa Dever Upadesh" and "Sri Sri Ramakrishna Mahima".
"Sri Sri Ramakrishna Lilaprasanga" by Swami Saradananda. The book was begun in 1909 and left partially incomplete at the author's death in 1927. Scholars Romain Rolland, Isherwood considered Swami Saradananda an authority both as a philosopher and as an historian on Ramakrishna.
"My Master", speeches by Swami Vivekananda in 1896. Religious Scholar Sil argues that Ramakrishna is a product of Vivekananda's "Mythmaking and Propaganda", Scholars Max Müller, Walter G. Neevel, Christopher Isherwood have expressed the opinion that Vivekananda has presented an accurate picture of Ramakrishna. Scholar Amiya P. Sen argues that Sil's thesis, "naively overlooks" several factors.
Other biographic works include Mahendranath Dutta's "Sri Ramakrishner Anudhyan", ("Sacred Memories of Sri Ramakrishna"), Satyacharan Mitra's 1897 "Sri Sri Ramakrsna Paramahamsadeber Jiboni o Upadesh" ("The Life and Teachings of Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa"), and Sureshchandra Datta's 1886 "Sriramakrsnadeber Upades" ("Teachings of SriRamakrishna").
Max Müller's book "Râmakrishna: His Life and Sayings" (1898) is one of the earliest works by a Western scholar on the life of Ramakrishna and, according Walter Neevel, a relatively independent source of biography. Romain Rolland, writing in 1929, said that this work is based on first-hand evidence, analysed in "broad and clear critical spirit". Max Müller said that he based his book on the testimonies of Swami Vivekananda and several independent witnesses, both favorable and unfavorable to Ramakrishna. Max Müller regarded Ramakrishna as "The Real Mahatman".
The book "Sri Sri Rāmakrishna Kathāmrita" by Mahendranath Gupta under the pseudonym "M.", was published in five volumes in 1902, 1905, 1908, 1910 and 1932. Mahendranath Gupta recorded his daily interactions with Ramakrishna in his diary which were subsequently published as "Sri-Sri-Ramakrishna-Kathamrta" in 5 Volumes in Bengali. According to Romain Rolland, the information in these volumes is available with "stenographic precision".
Romain Rolland's book "Life of Ramakrishna" (1929) is another biographic work which is based on direct disciples of whom Romain Rolland writes —"I have received glowing testimony at their hands. I have talked with some among them, who were the companions of this mystic being - of the Man-Gods- and I can vouch for their loyalty. Moreover, these eye-witnesses are not the simple fishermen of the Gospel story; some are great thinkers, learned in European thought and disciplined in its strict school.", and independent eye-witnesses of Ramakrishna who were alive at his time. He had consulted the Christian missionaries who had interviewed Ramakrishna.
The English translations of "Kathamrita" were published by Swami Nikhilananda in his book The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna. According to scholars Neevel, Lex Hixon the book provides authentic information about Ramakrishna. The book was voted as one of the ""100 Most Important Spiritual Books of the 20th Century"" by the American scholars convened by Philip Zaleski and HarperCollins publishers, However, scholars argue that the book has been bowdlerized. Kripal argues that although Nikhilananda calls it a literal translation, he "substantially altered Gupta's text, combining the five parallel narratives", "as well as deleting some passages which he claimed were "of no particular interest to English-speaking readers.". However other scholars Sil, Swami Tyagananda, Somnath Bhattacharrya, Swami Atmajnananda argue that Kripal's observations are incorrect. They also argue that Nikhilananda's translations were faithful and took into consideration the western decorum. Peter Heehs argues, that the translation in "The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna" turns Ramakrishna's vigorous and occasionally coarse Bengali into English of near-Victorian propriety and do not convey as much as the Bengali originals, however, Heehs writes that the works on M and Saradananda remain documents of considerable value, which have allowed Ramakrishna to speak to a worldwide audience. Lex Hixon writes that the "Gospel" is "spiritually authentic" and "powerful rendering of the "Kathamrita" into dignified English."
A recent translation, by Dharm Pal Gupta, is subtitled "word to word translation of the original Bengali edition" (see "other books" below).

</doc>
<doc id="19815486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815486" title="Jan Robbe">
Jan Robbe

Jan Robbe (born 14 June 1980 in Ghent, Belgium), otherwise known by his music project aliases Atomhead, Erratic, and UndaCova, is an electronic music artist. He founded the experimental netlabel Entity in 2003 with friend Nico de Gols (aka Kaebin Yield). Jan Robbe is known for expressing various musical styles under different pseudonyms. Atomhead and UndaCova, his two most prominent projects, focus on fractured industrial beats and densely textured DSP sound design techniques, whereas Erratic is a vehicle for pursuing more minimal long-form ambiental directions. Robbe has released music on distinguished labels such as Dyslexic Response and Hangars Liquides, and collaborated with artists who operate in similar aesthetic domains, including Neurocore, Subskan and Xanopticon.
Projects.
UndaCova.
In 1999 Jan Robbe adopted the name "UndaCova" to release IDM experiments using FL Studio, which remains one of his favourite programs. These include "S-T-U-C-K" (2001) on the Arghprkl netlabel, and a series of meditative brainwave synchronizers released on Theta. An illbient split with Affective Disorder entitled "Study of a Ladybug on a Rope" was later released on Autoplate. Robbe's influences at this time included the post-rock and trip hop genres, as well as old video game music, which inspired the "Metamood Katalyst" 12" released on Pleemobil. Say Vegin of "Freestyle Magazine" drew comparisons in the album's sound to 8-bit, calling it a collection of "hard-tek cut-ups, textured polygons and hypnotizing synths". By the end of 2002, Robbe had founded the xE Phalanx project, a joint collaboration with artists from around the world. UndaCova would go on to participate in two xE Phalanx albums; 5E Phalanx's "Pragmatic Impulse" and 7E Phalanx's "Pulse", both released on the Entity netlabel.
A dramatic shift in sound occurred in 2003 with the self-released power noise EP "Human Nature". This period was marked by dark soundscaping and assaulting beat constructions, culminating in 2006 with the release of "Intrusion" on Isolate Records. The music of "Intrusion" is noted for its hyper-intensity, sonic density and high production values. It contains remixes by Polish cybercore artist Neurocore and Belgian musician Imminent. Luca Maini of "Igloo Magazine" summarized the album's sound as "Somatic Responses mangled and speeded up to create a teeth-grinding industrial monster, ultra processed and with thousands of razor sharp beats packed together. ... This is the perfect music if you like Richard Devine but you think he should stick to the smashing stuff he performs live, or maybe you think Venetian Snares is a genius but he's gone too melodic." UndaCova has remixed tracks by Danny Kreutzfeldt, White Nois Stasis and Diagram of Suburban Chaos, and is also featured on the Mirex "Carbon" compilation, Thinner's "Recore" remix album, Somia's "Miad", and the "Polymorphik Piece" series released on PuZZling Rec. The project went undercover in 2007.
Atomhead.
Atomhead was founded in 2004 as a means to evolve the sounds already explored with the UndaCova moniker. Often compared with the cyberdelic flashcore experiments of La Peste, Atomhead released "Spiral Field Velocity 2.0" in 2005 on La Peste's Hangars Liquides label, the main stable behind flashcore and experimental speedcore. Atomhead has also been likened to 60's-era Iannis Xenakis and power electronics. Atomhead appeared on numerous compilations throughout 2007 and 2008, including "Vortex" on Entity, "Delayed Reaction" on Peace Off, and "We Are The Music Breakerz" on Reconfiguration Records. Atomhead has remixed tracks by Sedarka, Ronny Ragtroll, Xanopticon, and Prometheus Burning, among others.
Erratic.
2003 saw the inception of Erratic, a side-project for abstract, "highly immersive soundscapes" and psycho-/electro-acoustic sound art. The aim of Erratic is to "unify sound with thoughts and imaginary visual landscapes". For most of Erratic's output, Robbe eschews computer-generated beats and rhythms in favour of "exotic instruments" and contact microphone-derived sounds, which are subsequently manipulated using various audio editors. The results often sound organic in nature, with comparisons drawn to mediterranean and oceanic settings, as well as the drone and microsound genres. In 2004 Erratic and ambient artist Hackeronte joined to form Pandemia. On the day of the transit of Venus in 2004, they released the self-described "spacetexture journey" "Venus Urania" on Entity, in an attempt to capture a fitting sonic environment for the event. The same year, Erratic released "Presence" on Mirakel Musik; a 50 minute composition of "richly textured" field recordings intended to accompany the listener to sleep. Erratic has also collaborated with music artists Andrey Kiritchenko and fellow Belgian Lina, visual artists Jesper Bentzen and the Farbrausch demogroup, and has released "Activation Fields" on Entity (2004), "The Invisible Landscape" on Mystery Sea (2006), and contributed to compilations on Con-v, AntmanuvMicro and Soulseek Records.
Duncan Avoid.
Duncan Avoid was a collaboration between Entity-founders Jan Robbe and Nico de Gols. The project's goal was to defy musical genre as well as technical limitations. Their first album "Cybernetics" was released in 2003 on Enough Records; a concept album concerned with transhumanism and emerging technologies. The album is unique among other releases on the Enough imprint for its extensive use of microtonality and unresolved atmospherics, described by one journalist as "a spacious, complex, and arguably psychoactive menagerie of integrated electronic soundscapes. ... a purely abstruse composition of sonic nomogenetics, synthetic coils and unfurling digital helices, producing from the ether intangible imagery of high technology newly conjoined with anthropomorphic sentience". "Cybernetics" was followed by appearances on Kirdec's "Stadskantoor Zero" and d.compose's "Analysis EP", for which Duncan Avoid imparted a "Cybernetics"-esque remix of d.compose's "Thresn 54-231001". Duncan Avoid was also performing throughout Europe at this time, including two shows at the Cabaret Voltaire with Shitmat and Chevron, the 2003 Fuckparade in Berlin, and the 2004 Polymorphik Festival in Liège, Belgium.
In 2004 the duo released their magnum opus "Metaphysics" on Hive Records. Many have found the album's fusing and traversing of disparate styles difficult to categorize, with one reviewer calling it "so innovative it sounds almost entirely novel, almost totally devoid of obvious influences, to the point of being a new form without a ready frame of reference." Similar sentiments were expressed by others, with descriptions ranging from "punchy breakcore freneticism coiled tightly around endlessly twisted ambience and hectic experimental sound sculpture", to "a gaseous contrail of solar noise and ice particles where ambient breaths of watery melodies get heat-flashed into steam, and software-driven drum programming is savaged by extended processor cycles." Prolific polystylist C-drik and Ukrainian noise artist Kotra provided remixes of "Auditory Arms" and "Parallel Grounds", respectively. Duncan Avoid also lent tracks to Enough Records' "Retork" compilation and the limited edition "FUCK" compilation released on Hive. The project has since been put on an indefinite hiatus. They've been avoiding each other.

</doc>
<doc id="19815487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815487" title="Kisses Right and Left">
Kisses Right and Left

Kisses Right and Left () is a 1969 Danish film directed by Ole Roos and starring Peter Bonke.

</doc>
<doc id="19815499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815499" title="Kate Perugini">
Kate Perugini

Kate Perugini (29 October 1839 – 9 May 1929) was an English painter of the Victorian era and the daughter of Charles Dickens.
Biography.
"Kate Perugini" is the most commonly used form of her name, from her second husband's surname, but she was baptised Catherine Elizabeth Macready Dickens, and known as Katey from childhood. 
She was Dickens' youngest surviving daughter, and according to her siblings her father's favourite child; he named her after his friend William Charles Macready. As a girl, she also bore the nickname "Lucifer Box" for her hot temper.
She travelled widely with her family as a child, and performed in her father's elaborate amateur theatrical productions — including the 1857 performance of Wilkie Collins's "The Frozen Deep" before Queen Victoria. Kate Dickens studied at Bedford College, the first institution of higher learning for women in Britain.
Her first husband was the artist and author Charles Allston Collins, younger brother of Wilkie Collins; they married in 1860. After his death from cancer in 1873, Kate married another artist, Charles Edward Perugini. She became a successful painter of portraits and genre paintings, sometimes collaborating with Perugini. She started exhibiting her works at the Royal Academy shows in 1877. The Peruginis were active in artistic society, and maintained friendships with J. M. Barrie and George Bernard Shaw among other celebrities of their era. Like her first husband, she pursued literary endeavors along with her easel art.
In 1880 Sir John Everett Millais painted her in one of his "most striking portraits." Millais had previously used her as a model for his painting "The Black Brunswicker" (1860). 
She and Perugini had one child, Leonard Ralph Dickens Perugini; he died on 24 July 1876, at the age of seven months. Kate was the primary source of biographer Gladys Storey for her book "Dickens and Daughter", in the process revealing Dickens's affair with the actress Ellen Ternan.

</doc>
<doc id="19815502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815502" title="Smiley face curve">
Smiley face curve

A smiley face curve (also known as "mid scoop") in audio signal processing, is a target frequency response curve characterized by boosted low and high frequencies coupled with reduced midrange frequency power. This curve is often attained by users employing a graphic equalizer which shows a graphic representation of a "smile" using its frequency band faders to describe a curve that sweeps upward at the left and right sides.
Smiley face curves have had a popular appeal with some car audio enthusiasts, disc jockeys, electric bass guitar players, home stereo owners and live sound reinforcement system operators. Though the graphic equalizer was intended to tailor a system's response to match existing venue and performance conditions, the smiley face curve is often applied before the user has heard the system's frequency response.
Equal-loudness contour.
The smiley face curve is roughly analogous to the frequency response of human hearing as charted in the equal-loudness contour, and has been compared to loudness compensation circuitry in that it increases the relative power of high and low frequencies without increasing the midrange power. In order for a sound system to be heard properly by humans, it should have an equal-loudness contour applied to it when it is performing at low sound pressure levels, then the curve should gradually flatten out as it gets louder.
Usage.
The origin of the smiley face curve has been attributed to the search for more bass and treble response from loudspeakers that didn't extend as low or as high as desired, especially in the 1970s and 1980s. It has also been seen as either a useful or a detrimental tool for shaping the sound of a bass guitar.
Car audio.
Many cars which have a graphic equalizer have been observed to have it set as a smiley face curve which emphasizes low and high frequencies. Misuse of the graphic equalizer is common, as many users know just enough to get themselves in trouble—large amounts of bass boost and treble boost can distort music and damage loudspeaker drivers. Ideally, the equalizer would be set once to compensate for the combination of the response of the speakers and the car's acoustic characteristics. A smiley face curve can indicate that a car's sound system is lacking both high and low frequency response or that the user didn't know what they were doing.
Disc jockey.
The smiley face curve has been called "popular" among disc jockeys who don't know that a graphic equalizer is a tool to compensate for room characteristics and to fight feedback frequencies.
Bass guitar.
Certain styles of electric bass playing, especially slapping, tend to augment the midrange frequencies. Various compensations have been developed to counteract excess midrange response in the instrument, including the use of amplifiers with a built-in smiley face curve and amplifiers that offer a handful of graphic equalizer filters so that the user can make the necessary adjustments when appropriate.
Gallien-Krueger makes an instrument amplifier that produces a classic smiley face curve in its default voicing. However, it includes tone controls that can be adjusted so that the amplifier is within 0.5 dB of a neutral, uncolored frequency response.
Some bass players decry the attenuation of midrange frequencies, holding that the midrange area centered on 500 Hz will make the bass instrumental line stand out more satisfyingly in the mix. University of Iowa professor and bass player Dan Berkowitz has observed that the smiley face curve as applied to bass played within a blues or R&B band can make it hard for bandmates to play off the bass line. Berkowitz recommends an upside down smile curve: a "frown" curve with its peak centered at 500–800 Hz.
Guitarists and bassists can choose to equalize their instrument with an effects pedal. Several products exist for this purpose such as a 10-band MXR-branded equalizer offered by Dunlop Manufacturing which includes instructions for a "Metal Distortion" setting that reduces 1,000 Hz, a midrange frequency, down to its maximum reduction point, with nearby frequencies reduced in the form of a mid scoop.
Live sound reinforcement.
Some concert sound mixers employ the smiley face curve as a tool to help them gain initial control of a sound system. Even with recorded sound, the smiley face curve has its backers. Will Shapland of Floating Earth location recorders said in 2004 that his basic mixing technique for the recordings of the Isle of Wight Festival was to use "a bit of a 'smiley-face' EQ curve on the output" until he got a handle on a new band's mix, at which point he said "your balance comes together and you don't really need it."
On the other hand, the smiley face curve has been associated with tricks that fool the listener into thinking the speaker system is more capable than it really is, and it has been fingered as indicating that the user didn't bring a powerful enough sound system to meet the demands of the concert or that the user is inexperienced.
Kip Bradford of Expert Village emphasizes that the live sound engineer must not employ smiley face curves when setting up a sound reinforcement system. Bradford advises that the graphic equalizer should instead be used to "tune the system to the room", taking account of the combined frequency response of the room and the sound system to ensure that all audible frequencies have equal presence.
Manufacturer presets.
Some audio equipment manufacturers have accommodated the user by engineering a smiley face curve into a product. dbx, Inc. offers several smiley face curve presets in their digital graphic equalizer product line called DriveRack. Jim Dunlop offers a direct box intended for bass players that includes a preset labeled "color" which engages a smiley face curve. Neither of these products prevent the user from adjusting the equalizer based on the sound that is actually heard rather than relying on a predetermined visual image.
Alpine Electronics has offered for sale a product for car audio systems that works to counteract any smiley face curve that was applied to a car's factory OEM sound system, along with an analysis feature that adjusts for road and vehicle noise. Empeg Car, a digital media player, includes a "Loudness Control" feature that is described as adding a ""smiley face" curve automatically"" at low sound levels but which is used to lesser and lesser degrees as the car sound system's volume is increased. This describes an equal-loudness contour circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19815517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815517" title="Uncial 0115">
Uncial 0115

Uncial 0115 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 57 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th or 10th-century. Formerly it was labelled by Wa.
Description.
The codex contains 23 verses of the Gospel of Luke (9:35-47; 10:12-22), on two parchment leaves (25 cm by 18 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It contains music notes in red; it has accents and breathings, but not always. All the stops are expressed by a single point, whose position makes no difference in its significance. The original codex contained the text of the four Gospels on 190 leaves. 
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons. It contains lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use).
The uncial letters are firmly written, delta and theta being of the ordinary oblong shape of that period.
Survived two leaves of the codex were included to the Lectionary 88.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-types. Aland placed it in Category III.
In Luke 10:12-22 the text of the manuscript 15 times differs from the Textus Receptus from the Elzevier edition.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th or 10th-century.
The codex was adapted to the Church use, but it is not a Lectionary. This fragment was brought to light by Scholz. It was at the end of the another book. The text was published by Constantin von Tischendorf in "Monumenta sacra inedita" (1846).
The codex is currently located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 314, ff. 179, 180), in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19815520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815520" title="The Olsen Gang in a Fix">
The Olsen Gang in a Fix

The Olsen Gang in a Fix () is a 1969 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19815542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815542" title="Teachings of Ramakrishna">
Teachings of Ramakrishna

Ramakrishna Paramahamsa (1836–1886) is a famous nineteenth-century Bengali mystic. Ramakrishna was a teacher of popular appeal, speaking in rustic Bengali with stories and parables. Ramakrishna's main teachings included God realization as the supreme goal of life, renunciation of "Kama-Kanchana", Harmony of Religions and "Jiva is Shiva". Key concepts in Ramakrishna’s teachings included the oneness of existence and the unity and truth of all religions.
God-realisation.
Ramakrishna emphasised that God-realisation is the supreme goal of all living beings. Ramakrishna’s mystical experiences through different religions led him to teach that various religions are different means to reach absolute knowledge and bliss—and that the different religions cannot express the totality of absolute truth, but can express aspects of it.
"Kama-Kanchana".
Ramakrishna taught that the primal bondage in human life is "Kama-Kanchana" (lust and gold). When speaking to men, Ramakrishna warned them against "kamini-kanchana", or "women and gold",
When speaking to women, he warned them against "purusha-kanchana", or "man and gold." Gauri Ma, one of Ramakrishna's prominent women disciples, said that:
"Avidyamaya" and "vidyamaya".
Devotees believe that Ramakrishna’s realisation of "nirvikalpa samadhi" also led him to an understanding of the two sides of "maya", or illusion, to which he referred as "Avidyamaya and vidyamaya". He explained that "avidyamaya" represents dark forces of creation (e.g. sensual desire, evil passions, greed, lust and cruelty), which keep people on lower planes of consciousness. These forces are responsible for human entrapment in the cycle of birth and death, and they must be fought and vanquished. "Vidyamaya", on the other hand, represents higher forces of creation (e.g. spiritual virtues, enlightening qualities, kindness, purity, love, and devotion), which elevate human beings to the higher planes of consciousness.
Harmony of religions.
Ramakrishna recognised differences among religions but realised that in spite of these differences, all religions lead to the same ultimate goal, and hence they are all valid and true. Amiya P. Sen writes that the deep foundations in "bhakti" or devotion and faith in God makes Ramakrishna's teachings look universalistic and not his culturally determied forms. The distinguished British historian Arnold J. Toynbee has written: “... Mahatma Gandhi’s principle of non-violence and Sri Ramakrishna’s testimony to the harmony of religions: here we have the attitude and the spirit that can make it possible for the human race to grow together into a single family–and in the Atomic Age, this is the only alternative to destroying ourselves.”
Regarding Harmony of Religions, Ramakrishna said,
Bhawuk in his journal, "Culture’s influence on creativity: the case of Indian spirituality" wrote that Ramakrishna's contribution to humanity is particularly significant for the world after the bombing of the twin towers of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Bhawuk writes that, Islam is not to be blamed for the incident of September 11, and no religion should be blamed for any act of terrorism, because the life of Ramakrishna proclaims that all religions lead to the same God.
"Jiva is Shiva" and other teachings.
Ramakrishna’s proclamation of "jatra jiv tatra Shiv" (wherever there is a living being, there is Shiva) stemmed from his Advaitic perception of Reality. This taught his disciples, "Jive daya noy, Shiv gyane jiv seba" (not kindness to living beings, but serving the living being as Shiva Himself). According to scholars, Vivekananda derived his inspiration from this message and took initiative in social activities like famine relief, maintenance of orphanages, opening of training centers, educational institutions, dispensaries and the like—"Where should you go to seek for God? Are not all the poor, the miserable, the weak, good? Why not worship them first?...Let these people be your God..." Ramakrishna did not directly participate in social service, but entrusted the task to his chief disciple Vivekananda.
Ramakrishna, though not formally trained as a philosopher, had an intuitive grasp of complex philosophical concepts. According to him "brahmanda", the visible universe and many other universes, are mere bubbles emerging out of "Brahman", the supreme ocean of intelligence.
Like Adi Sankara had done more than a thousand years earlier, Ramakrishna Paramahamsa revitalised Hinduism which had been fraught with excessive ritualism and superstition in the Nineteenth century and helped it become better-equipped to respond to challenges from Islam, Christianity and the dawn of the modern era. However, unlike Adi Sankara, Ramakrishna developed ideas about the post-"samadhi" descent of consciousness into the phenomenal world, which he went on to term ""Vijñāna"". While he asserted the supreme validity of Advaita Vedanta, he also stated that "I accept both the "Nitya" and the "Leela", both the Absolute and the Relative."
Parables.
Parables formed a very important part of Ramakrishna's teachings. Like Christ, Ramakrishna conveyed his spiritual and moral messages through tales and parables.
"The Parable of the Greatest Devotee", is one of his famous parables—
"The Parable of the Pandit who could not swim" is another famous parable of Ramakrishna, a story akin to the fable of "the Fox and the Cat"—

</doc>
<doc id="19815544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815544" title="1931–32 FA Cup">
1931–32 FA Cup

The 1931–32 FA Cup was the 57th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Newcastle United won the competition for the third time, beating Arsenal 2–1 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 42 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Southport and Exeter City were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Aldershot were given byes to this round. Bath City were also given a bye to the First Round, awarded during the Fourth Qualifying Round, and not as a result of the normal process of the FA Cup. Also notable in this round is the home win awarded to Burton Town, probably given as a result of Wigan Borough folding that year and resigning from the Football League. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 28 November 1931. Eight were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which one went to two more replays.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 12 December 1931. Three matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Third Division Southport and Exeter City. Also entered at this stage, to make up the numbers, were Corinthian, who were a famous amateur side. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 9 January 1932. Twelve matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 23 January 1932. Three games were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which two went to second replays.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 13 February 1932. There was one replay, between Chelsea and Sheffield Wednesday, played in the next midweek fixture.
Sixth round proper.
The four Sixth Round ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 27 February 1932. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 12 March 1932. Newcastle United and Arsenal won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1932 FA Cup Final was contested by Newcastle United and Arsenal at Wembley in what became known as the "Over The Line" final. Newcastle won 2–1, both of their goals scored by Jack Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="19815555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815555" title="Mark I trench knife">
Mark I trench knife

The Mark I trench knife was an American trench knife designed by officers of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF) for use in World War I. It had a double edged dagger blade useful for both thrusting and slashing strokes, unlike previous U.S. trench knives such as the M1917 and M1918. The handle is made of cast bronze and uses a conical steel nut to hold the blade in place. The Mark I's blade was blued with a black oxide finish, the bronze handle was chemically blackened, with cast spikes on the bow of each knuckle. The spikes were intended to prevent an opponent from grabbing the knife hand, as well as to provide a more concentrated striking surface when employed in hand-to-hand combat.
History.
The Mark I was a development of the earlier U.S. M1917 and the slightly improved M1918 trench knives designed by "Henry Disston & Sons" of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Both the M1917 and M1918 used a triangular blade and a handle equipped with a guard designed to protect the user's knuckles. By 1918 it was apparent that the M1917 and M1918 designs were too limiting to succeed in their intended role, and a new trench knife design was requested. 
On 1 June 1918 a panel of AEF officers conducted an exhaustive field test of various trench knives, including the U.S. M1917, the "Hughes" trench knife and the standard-issue trench knives of the British and French armies, respectively. The field test was performed to examine the qualities of each knife based on the following criteria: 1. Serviceability - ability to carry one-handed while performing other tasks; 2. Quickness or rapidity of employment in action; 3. Security of grip, in case user was stunned or knocked unconscious; 4. Ease of carrying when crawling in low prone position; 5. Probability of knife being knocked out of hand during a struggle; 6. Suitability of blade weight, length, and shape; and 7. Shape of handle.
Testing confirmed that the existing M1917 and M1918 designs were in need of improvement. Therefore a replacement trench knife designated the U.S. Trench Knife, Mark I was jointly developed by officers of the AEF and the Engineering Division of U.S. Ordnance. This knife was entirely different from the M1917, bearing a flat double-edged blade, a unique metal scabbard, and a cast-bronze handle with built-in guard for individual fingers. The AEF stated that the Mark I was a combination of all of the best features of the trench knives evaluated, and the Mark I's double-edged blade was taken directly from the "Couteau Poignard Mle 1916 dit Le Vengeur", a trench knife design then currently in service with the French Army.
With the end of hostilites in World War I, large scale wartime contracts for Mark I knife production were cancelled. Most Mark I knives that were produced by U.S. manufacturers were never issued, and remained in Army storage stateside. During World War II, stocks of Mark I knives were released for issue to Army units with a need for a close-combat fighting knife, though in terms of actual numbers the Mark I did not see widespread use during the war. Of those Mark I knives released for service, most were issued in 1942 and 1943 to soldiers serving in elite Army Ranger and airborne formations, though some Mark I knives were used by Marine units in 1942 and 1943, in particular marines serving with the four Marine Raider battalions. Army and Marine field reports concerning the effectiveness of the Mark I knife were mixed; some men liked the design, while others complained that Mark I was poorly balanced, with a relatively thin blade that was prone to snapping at the blade/handle junction, particularly when employed for utility tasks. Other reports noted that the Mark I's large 'brass-knuckle' fingerguard handle was expensive to produce and limited the number of useful fighting grip positions, while preventing the knife from being carried in a conventional leather sheath or scabbard. The Mark I also came in for criticism from Marine Raiders for its poor balance, relatively slow deployment speed and limited quick-kill penetration capability when used in an offensive role (the Raiders would eventually adopt a combat knife with a stiletto-style blade patterned after the Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife). Additionally, U.S. war planners had announced a need for a general-purpose trench knife that could fulfill both the fighting and utility roles, while at the same time conserving strategic metal resources. 
The Mark I trench knife was replaced in Army service by the M3 trench knife in 1943, while the U.S. Marine Corps issued its own combat and utility knife the same year designated the 1219C2, later known as the USMC Mark 2 Combat Knife aka the USMC Knife, Fighting Utility.
Production.
In order to save time in getting the new knife to troops in the field, the first Mark I trench knives were procured from a French manufacturer, "Au Lion" (Au Lion/Société Générale, France). Subsequently the U.S. government placed orders for 1,232,780 Mark I knives with several U.S. contractors, including "Landers, Frary & Clark" (L.F.&C.) of New Britain, Connecticut; "Henry Disston & Sons" (HD&S) of Philadelphia; and "Oneida Community Limited" (O.C.L.), with deliveries to commence in December 1918. Ordnance records note that the end of the war in November 1918 caused Ordnance to cancel all orders for the Mark I with the exception of a single reduced order for 119,424 knives from "Landers, Frary & Clark Co." (L F & C). Despite this apparent cancellation, otherwise original U.S. Mark I trench knives have been found with "HD&S" and "O.C.L." stamps, with grip handles cast in either bronze or aluminum.
The French version of the Mark I is stamped on the blade ricasso with a recumbent lion, and the words "Au Lion", while the grip is typically stamped "U.S. 1918", and fitted with a four-sided pommel cap. Made under wartime conditions, the French Mark I knife is generally more roughly finished than U.S. contracted examples, and incorporates several deviations from production specifications. Several versions of the French model exist - some with grooves on top of the grip, some without, and some bearing letters and numbers cast into the bronze fingerguard. As steel was a strategic material in wartime France, the French-manufactured Mark I was issued with a proprietary unmarked scabbard made of iron. 
U.S.-contracted Mark I knives are stamped on the right side of the brass grip "U.S. 1918", with the contractor's initials located just below. The U.S. knives utilized an six-sided pommel cap. Like the French-made version, U.S. Mark I knives came with proprietary scabbards designed to accommodate the Mark I knife with its oversized grip, but fabricated of steel instead of iron. Both blades and scabbards were issued with a blackened finish to prevent reflection. However, many soldiers (and later, civilian owners) attempted to polish the blades and/or scabbards, believing the blackened finish to be tarnish. As a result, many original Mark I knives and scabbards have lost their original finish. American-made steel scabbards for the Mark I trench knife were marked "L.F.&C. 1918".

</doc>
<doc id="19815563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815563" title="80,000 Suspects">
80,000 Suspects

80,000 Suspects is a 1963 British film, directed by Val Guest which concerns an outbreak of smallpox in Bath, England.
Plot.
A romantic melodrama set against the backdrop of a smallpox epidemic which features Richard Johnson as the diligent doctor in control and Claire Bloom as his outwardly serene and devoted wife. Commencing on New Year’s Eve in the city of Bath, Dr. Steven Monks (Richard Johnson) diagnoses a mystery patient as being infected with smallpox and sets in motion a city wide quarantine to contain the outbreak. His commitment to the task is affected by the deterioration of his marriage to ex-nurse Julie (Claire Bloom) following his clandestine affair with a family friend. Monk receives an unexpected blow when the disease strikes closer to home than anticipated and Julie is diagnosed as having contracted the virus. The medical team gradually contain the outbreak until only one unidentified case remains. The search narrows the identity of final carrier down to Ruth Preston (Yolande Donlan), the woman with whom Monks had been having an affair and the wife of his close colleague Clifford (Michael Goodliffe). She’s eventually traced to a deserted house where she’s sheltering, lonely and desperately ill.
Current interest (August 2009).
Despite the antiquity of the Film, and the fact that it was produced in monochrome, (black and white) there is a constant flow of old material appearing that relates to this production. Items for sale from various locations are mainly the "stills" (single frame image) posters used by distributors of this film in their quest to promote interest in it. Further research in this area may well uncover artifacts associated with this production left behind, and "recovered" by souvenir hunters at the various outdoor locations used.

</doc>
<doc id="19815565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815565" title="Mount Chincogan">
Mount Chincogan

Mount Chincogan is located northwest of Mullumbimby, New South Wales, Australia and west of Ocean Shores. It is part of a large shield volcano Mount Warning which erupted millions of years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19815568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815568" title="Skibo">
Skibo

Skibo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19815571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815571" title="Gradski vrt Hall">
Gradski vrt Hall

Gradski Vrt Hall () is an indoor arena in Osijek, Croatia. The complex is used mostly for handball and basketball matches. The complex has 7 main halls (two of them with spectator seats, bigger one capacity of 3,538, and a smaller one 1,448), there are two more smaller halls for fighting sports training. Also Complex contains the biggest indoor track and field compound in Croatia. It was also used as one of the venues during the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship.
Building Levels.
The gross surface of entire complex is 18.590 m2.
Dimensions.
Except sport events this complex host all kind of entertainment, cultural and media events as well as expos.
Held events.
Total attendance: 171,300

</doc>
<doc id="19815590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815590" title="Varden (newspaper)">
Varden (newspaper)

Varden is a local newspaper published in Skien, Norway. It was first established with a test issue on 17 December 1874, with Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg as its first editor-in-chief. It has a circulation of 27,341, of whom 25,859 are subscribers. It has been published daily since 1895, and in the tabloid format since 2001 Its current editor-in-chief is Lars Kise, who took over from Per Valebrokk in 2008.
Originally, "Varden" was owned by individual persons. Harald Kristoffersen, its editor-in-chief and owner from 1901, created the limited company AS Varden in 1918. The corporation Orkla Media, later renamed Edda Media, bought the newspaper in 1994, and still has a 100% ownership. Through the publishing company Varden AS, "Varden" itself has a 100% ownership of the smaller newspapers "Kanalen" (published in Nome), "Kragerø Blad Vestmar" (Kragerø) and "Telen" (Notodden). "Varden" itself has local offices both in Kragerø and Notodden, as well as in Bamble, Porsgrunn, Kviteseid, Bø and Rjukan.
The leading newspaper in Telemark county for many years, "Varden" was surpassed by "Telemark Arbeiderblad" in 1974, only to regain the number one spot in 1988. "Telemark Arbeiderblad" was later renamed "Telemarksavisa", and has a circulation of 22,346.
At the time "Varden" was established, newspapers in Norway had close ties with political parties. "Varden" was special in that it changed political allegiance from Liberal to Conservative, in 1953. The ties between political parties and newspapers no longer exist. Today, the newspaper classifies itself as an "independent" newspaper which works to promote a liberal and democratic society with respect for individual rights, social fairness and free enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="19815597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815597" title="2010 Bahrain national football team results">
2010 Bahrain national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Bahrain national football team in 2010.
Schedule.
Friendly matches.
"Currently being investigated with regards to the genuine nature of the Togo team"

</doc>
<doc id="19815598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815598" title="List of pseudoscientific water fuel inventions">
List of pseudoscientific water fuel inventions

This article attempts to list pseudoscientific inventions wherein common water is used to either augment or generate a fuel to power an engine, boiler or other source of power. This is not to be confused with legitimate inventions (such as hydroelectricity) in which the kinetic energy of flowing water is used for power.
Electrolysis.
The electrolysis of water splits water into hydrogen and oxygen, producing a usable fuel. However, the energy required for electrolysis is greater than the energy released by burning this fuel, so this is not a viable way to manufacture energy. Nonetheless, several people have claimed to create devices that do exactly this.
Transformative claims.
Water is claimed to be transformed into a fuel itself, by the addition of some ingredient. This may be either a highly concentrated addition, or a catalyst (i.e. not consumed in use).
Cold fusion.
The 1989 experiment by Fleischmann and Pons claimed to demonstrate "anomalous heat production" in an electrolysis cell. This is distinct to the "super-efficient electrolysis" claims listed above. The likelihood of the Fleischmann and Pons experiment is that it was no more than measuring error in determining the energy (and thus heating) supplied to the experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19815600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815600" title="Revolution My A">
Revolution My A

Revolution My A () is a 1970 Danish film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19815615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815615" title="Robert Wurzelbacher">
Robert Wurzelbacher

Robert M. Wurzelbacher Jr. (born 1954) is an American businessman. He served as the senior vice president of American Continental Corporation. He graduated from Boston College. He pled guilty to three federal fraud counts in connection with the collapse of the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association and agreed to testify against his father-in-law Charles H. Keating Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="19815632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815632" title="Peninsula Extension">
Peninsula Extension

The Peninsula Extension which created the Peninsula Subdivision of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was the new railroad line on the Virginia Peninsula from Richmond to southeastern Warwick County. Its principal purpose was to provide an important new pathway for coal mined in West Virginia to reach the harbor of Hampton Roads for coastal and export shipping on collier ships. 
Completed on October 16, 1881, the new double-tracked railroad and the other development visions of industrialist Collis P. Huntington resulted in a 15-year transition of the rural farm village of Newport News into a new independent city which also became home to the world's largest shipyard. The railroad, one of the later developed in Virginia, became important to many communities, opening transportation option and stimulating commerce and military operations on the Peninsula throughout the 20th century. 
Over 125 years after it opened, many of the stations are gone. Spur lines have both come and gone. Also gone are the steam locomotives, save one on display at Huntington Park in Newport News, another at the Science Museum of Virginia in Richmond, and a third which was left buried in Richmond's Church Hill Tunnel. 
Despite the changes, in the early 21st century, the rails of the Peninsula Subdivision continue to form an important link for Amtrak service from Williamsburg and Newport News, and bring the circus to town each year. High quality bituminous coal was the motivation for originally building the line, and current owner CSX Transportation continues day and night to deliver massive amounts of it to be loaded onto ships destined for points worldwide.
Chesapeake and Ohio Railway.
Opening at the outset of the final quarter of the 19th century, the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was the fulfillment of a long-held goal of Virginians. 
Many years before the American Revolution, George Washington, a Virginian licensed as a surveyor by the College of William and Mary during the colonial era, identified the importance of a transportation link between the navigable waters flowing to the Atlantic Ocean and those across the Eastern Continental Divide in the Allegheny Mountains which lead to the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico. He had mapped out several potential routes, and in 1785, he been an early investor in a canal venture. 
The James River was navigable east from fall line at Richmond and Manchester to Hampton Roads, the Chesapeake Bay, and the Atlantic Ocean. However, from these sister cities at the head of navigation, seven miles (11 km) of rapids marked the transition to the Piedmont Region, and only very shallow craft such as bateau boats could navigate portions of the river from that point west. Over from Richmond, across the Blue Ridge Mountains, the Shenandoah Valley, and what was called the "Transmountaine" region in old Virginia, better known in modern times as the Alleghany Mountains, were the falls of the Kanawha River. They similarly marked the head of navigation, but from the west. From the falls of the Kanawha, ships could follow the river to its confluence with the Ohio River, which in turn, flowed west to the Mississippi River. In the earlier periods during which a transportation link was contemplated, the Colony of Virginia (according to the British and its own calculations) extended all the way to west to what is now Cairo, Illinois, where the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers join. Of course, transportation was the only obstacle to developing these western regions, as both the French and the Indians did not see it the same way. 
In any event, that gap in the navigable waters became a major focus for Virginians. By the end of the 18th century, efforts to link these heads of navigation were underway with building of turnpikes and canals. Work on the James River and Kanawha Turnpike and the James River and Kanawha Canal, prominent infrastructure improvements, was partially funded by the Virginia General Assembly through the Virginia Board of Public Works, although the canal was never completed. By the 1830s, railroads were an emerging as a favorable technology for such purposes, and Virginia's network of turnpikes, canals and railroads grew, substantially guided by the civil engineering skills of Claudius Crozet. Both railroads and canals had conquered the Blue Ridge Mountains and entered the Shenandoah Valley region when the American Civil War broke out in 1861, bringing new work to a virtual halt. By the end of the War in 1865, many of Virginia's railroads, turnpikes and canals lay in ruins, although the related debt which had helped fund building them was still outstanding. 
After the War, part of Virginia had been subdivided to form the new state of West Virginia. Both states were heavily in debt, but wanted to encourage completion of a rail link to the Ohio River, which they saw as vital to rebuilding and expanding commerce. To do without government funding, the state legislatures of both Virginia and West Virginia tried to attract investors several times in 1866 and 1867. Finally, under a plan offered by the Virginia General Assembly, in 1868, the new project was merged with the extant Virginia Central Railroad, connected Richmond with the westernmost point at the time. The new enterprise was to be known as the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O). 
The head of the Virginia Central Railroad was former Confederate General Williams Carter Wickham of Hanover County, Virginia. He was a descendant of several former Virginia governors and the grandson of constitutional lawyer John Wickham, who had set up shop in Richmond after the American Revolutionary War and served as a respected agent of financial interests in England and Scotland. However, in the volatile period of the late 1860s, General Wickham failed in his efforts to secure either southern or British financing as had been hoped. Finally, he journeyed to New York City, where he successfully attracted the interest of industrialist Collis P. Huntington and gained access to the new financing needed. 
Huntington had been one of the "Big Four", the men involved in building the Central Pacific portion of the Transcontinental Railroad, which was at that time just reaching completion. 
Under the new leadership and financing, during 1869-1873 the hard work of building through West Virginia was done with large crews working from both ends, much in the manner the Union Pacific Railroad and the Central Pacific Railroad had been built to complete their transcontinental rails. 
The final spike ceremony for the long line from Richmond to the Ohio River was held on January 29, 1873 at Hawk's Nest railroad bridge in the New River Valley, near the town of Ansted in Fayette County, West Virginia.
Huntington's vision for the Peninsula.
Virginia's long dream for the C&O had been trade with the west, and Huntington's work accomplished that by 1873. However, he and others also realized that the new railroads for the first time offered a practical way to ship coal. The region's high quality bituminous coal had been known to be among West Virginia's vast natural resources, but until now, there had been no way to transport it to markets. The new C&O railroad provided a method of transporting this valuable product out of the mountains and east to Richmond, where ocean-going shipping called. However, one problem they faced was that depth of the channels of the tidal portion of the river to reach Richmond was insufficient to accommodate the draft required by the large colliers. 
As a young man in 1837, Collis P. Huntington had visited the rural village known as Newport News Point in Warwick County at the mouth of the James River on the harbor of Hampton Roads. It later became clear that Huntington had never forgotten his 1837 visit to Newport News Point. By the early 1870s, he and his associates began buying up land on the Peninsula, nowhere more intensely than in Warwick County, where their Old Dominion Land Company soon owned enough for a railroad line, a coal pier and even more. In 1873, Major Robert H. Temple surveyed a railway line from Richmond to the mouth of the James River.
Building the Peninsula Extension.
To extend the line east to Hampton Roads from the end of the former Virginia Central Railroad at Richmond in the Shockhoe Valley, there was only a single major obstacle: Richmond's Church Hill, occupied by some of the city's older and nicer buildings. From there east, the only significant obstacles across the gentle coastal plains a distance of about were several rivers and some wetlands down the Peninsula to reach Newport News. 
The initial solution to overcoming that major obstacle in Richmond was the Church Hill Tunnel. The tracks to the new tunnel left the old Virginia Central line west of 17th street and curved southeasterly to enter the tunnel east of N. 18th Street and north of E. Marshall Street under Cedar Street. The east end of the long tunnel appeared just north of today's Williamsburg Road near 31st Street below Libby Terrace Park. 
The construction of the Church Hill Tunnel was problematic. Unlike the bedrock through which the C&O carved its western tunnels, in Richmond, the blue marl clay shrink-swell soil tended to change with rainfall and groundwater. There were cave-ins during the construction. Ten workers were reportedly killed. The tunnel was completed and opened in 1875. East of the tunnel, the C&O established its Fulton Yard, with a capacity of thousands of rail cars, a roundhouse to service the steam locomotives, and other support facilities. Planning and right-of-way acquisition for the Peninsula Extension took another 5 years. 
From Fulton Yard, after climbing out of the James River Valley, the surveyors generally followed the high ground of the Peninsula between the rivers which border it. As a result, the route selected faced only gentle grades through coastal plains of the Tidewater region of Virginia, dropping only about in elevation, from Richmond (54 feet above sea-level) to Newport News (at above sea-level). The new C&O line ran through several American Civil War battlefield areas in eastern Henrico County and then through Charles City County, New Kent County, James City County, York County and Warwick County. It crossed the Chickahominy River south of Bottoms Bridge and the Warwick River east of Lee Hall. 
Construction on the tracks between Richmond and Newport News began in Newport News in December, 1880. In a method used before by Huntington, work also began from Richmond the following February, and crews at each end worked toward each other. The crews met and completed the line west of Williamsburg on October 16, 1881 although temporary tracks had been installed in some areas to speed completion. This was just in the nick of time because Huntington and his associates had promised they would provide rail service to Yorktown, where the United States was celebrating the centennial of the surrender of the British troops under Lord Cornwallis at Yorktown in 1781. (That event was considered most symbolic of the end of the conflict, which was later formalized by the Treaty of Paris in 1783). Only 3 days after the last spike ceremony, on October 19, the first passenger train from Newport News took local residents and national officials to the Cornwallis Surrender Centennial Celebration at Yorktown on temporary tracks which were laid from the main line at the new Lee Hall Depot to Yorktown, and then removed afterward.
New railroad line's impact on the Peninsula.
The Peninsula Extension ran directly through Williamsburg, a city whose site had been selected in 1632 for the very reason that it was on the center ridge, or spine, of the land between the adjacent rivers. After the capital of Virginia had moved to Richmond in 1780, Williamsburg had been reduced in prominence. It was not sited on a major water route and in the 18th and early 19th century, transportation Virginia was largely by navigable rivers and in some cases, canals. In fact, a canal project linking the colonial capital city to the James and York rivers had been planned and begun for Williamsburg. However, it was never was completed due to the American Revolutionary War. Although new railroads seem to be springing up in many places after 1830, until now, none had come to Williamsburg or the lower Peninsula. Until the coming of the railroad, the areas furthest from the rivers were generally the least-populated, excepting the old colonial capital of Williamsburg. 
The Peninsula Extension was good news for the farmers and merchants of the Virginia Peninsula, and they generally welcomed the railroad. Williamsburg allowed tracks to be placed down the main street of town, Duke of Gloucester Street, and even directly through the ruins of the historic capitol building. The leaders of Elizabeth City County and Warwick County even adjusted their mutual boundary slightly to allow the railroad to be completely within Warwick County at one location. 
Although the main business purpose was unquestionably shipping eastbound coal to Newport News, the C&O dutifully established freight and passenger stations at frequent intervals along the way. In addition to many small depots, larger facilities were located at Providence Forge, Williamsburg, and at Lee Hall. At Newport News, an ornate Victorian style passenger station was built right on the waterfront.
Hampton Branch: east to Phoebus, Fort Monroe.
No sooner had the tracks to the coal pier at Newport News been completed in late 1881 than the same construction crews were put to work on what would later be called the Peninsula Subdivision's Hampton Branch. From a junction with the main line a few miles west of the coal pier which was named Old Point Junction, work began easterly a distance of about into Elizabeth City County toward Hampton and Old Point Comfort, where the U.S. Army base at Fort Monroe was a fortress situated to guard the entrance to the harbor of Hampton Roads from the Chesapeake Bay (and the Atlantic Ocean). 
The tracks were completed about to the town which became Phoebus in December 1882. A passenger and freight station was opened. When the town was incorporated as a political subdivision of Virginia in 1900, it was named Phoebus in honor of its leading citizen, Harrison Phoebus, who is largely credited with prevailing upon the railroad to build the branch line to Old Point Comfort. 
From Phoebus, an extension across Mill Creek to reach Fort Monroe required a long trestle and was not completed until 1890. At that time, a passenger and freight facilities were also added. On the base, the U.S. Army built connecting tracks and operated its own locomotive for a number of years. 
At Old Point Comfort, in addition to the Army base at Fort Monroe, the Hampton Branch served both the older Hygeia Hotel and the new Hotel Chamberlin, popular destinations for civilians. During the first half of the 20th century, excursion trains were operated to reach nearby Buckroe Beach, where an amusement park was among the attractions that brought church groups and vacationers.
Newport News.
No place on the Peninsula benefited more from the completion of the C&O's Peninsula Subdivision than southeastern Warwick County, soon to become better known as Newport News. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway became one of the country's wealthiest as West Virginia coal moved eastward to the coal piers. The coal volume of the C&O, combined with that of the Norfolk and Western Railway (N&W) shipping from Lambert's Point and that of the later-completed Virginian Railway (VGN) at Sewell's Point turned the harbor of Hampton Roads, the East Coast of the United States' largest ice-free port, into the largest coal export point in the world by 1915. 
Collis P. Huntington and his associates set developing the tiny unincorporated community at Newport New Point. His Old Dominion Land Company built the landmark Hotel Warwick, opened in 1883, which played a significant role in the development of the city. The hotel dominated the landscape, and was the civic and commercial center of the area during its early years. The first bank at Newport News, the first newspaper, the U.S. post office, the federal customs office, and even the municipal government of Warwick County were each located within the Hotel Warwick, at least for a time. It was also the site in 1886 of the organizational meeting for the Chesapeake Dry Dock and Construction Company. The latter evolved into the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company.
For a brief time, Warwick County shifted the location of its county seat to Newport News from the historic location at Denbigh, where it had been situated since colonial times. However, the growth at Newport News was such that, in 1896, it became one of only two Virginia localities to ever become an independent city from Warwick County without the additional stepping-stone of first becoming an incorporated town. (In the aftermath of that event, the county seat was returned to Denbigh. However, in 1958, voters of both communities chose to reunite, consolidating Newport News with the rest of the former county into an even bigger single independent city, one of the largest in Virginia in land area.) 
Communities, locations over the years.
During its more than 125 year existence, the Peninsula Subdivision has continued to serve coal and passenger traffic, now operated by CSX Transportation and Amtrak. In earlier times, it was an important factor in commerce and growth of some of the communities it has served, as well as for the United States military, particularly during World War I and World War II when the C&O was invaluable to the Hampton Roads Port of Embarkation.
Richmond.
In the 1890s, the C&O acquired the Richmond and Allegheny Railroad (R&A) which had been built east from the Blue Ridge Mountains along the towpath of the James River and Kanawha Canal, proving an alternate "water level" route to Richmond following the north bank of the James River. 
To create a good connection to the existing line at Fulton yard, and as an added benefit, avoid the troublesome Church Hill tunnel, the C&O constructed a 3 mile-long double track elevated viaduct along the riverfront extending between the area of Hollywood Cemetery east past downtown Richmond, the Shockoe Valley, and Church Hill to join the Peninsula Subdivision at Fulton Yard (east of the tunnel). At the same time, a new Main Street Station was built for passenger services adjacent to the viaduct. Both the landmark Main Street Station and the viaduct, believed to be the longest in the United States, were still in use as of 2008. 
After completion of the riverfront viaduct in 1901, the Church Hill Tunnel fell into disuse for over 20 years. Then in 1925, to add capacity, the railroad began efforts to restore it to usable condition. On October 2, while repairs were under way, a work train was trapped by a collapse near the western end. Two workmen crawled under flat cars and escaped out the eastern end of the tunnel, and two bodies including the engineer's were recovered, but two other workers were unaccounted for. During the next week, the community anxiously watched rescue efforts, but each time progress was made, further cave-ins occurred. Eventually, the Virginia State Corporation Commission (SCC), which regulated railroads in Virginia, ordered the tunnel sealed for safety reasons. Left inside was the work train complete with a 4-4-0 steam locomotive Over the years, portions of the tunnel have collapsed, once claiming several houses.
The circa-1901 Main Street Station was reopened to Amtrak passenger service in 2004. Expanded use as an intermodal facility for additional passenger trains and local transit bus service is planned. 
Penniman.
In 1916, the E.I. DuPont Nemours company announced that it would develop a large black powder and shell-loading plant facility six miles northeast of Williamsburg in York County. The plant as built was large enough to have ten thousand employees. 
The new plant and the new town for the workers and families were named Penniman. At its peak, Penniman had housing for 15,000, and included dormitories, a store, a post office, bank, police station, church, YWCA, YMCA, Mess Halls canteen, and a hospital.
The C&O built a spur track on the Peninsula Subdivision from a point about east of Williamsburg (mp 33) to Penniman. The C&O depot at Penniman opened on June 1, 1916. By the fall of 1918, Penniman was a town of about fifteen thousand inhabitants, and there were three passenger trains a day each way between Williamsburg and Penniman.
After World War I, the area was largely abandoned, and then placed into use again in World War II under the name Cheatham Annex as a supply depot for the U.S. Navy. Rail service became inactive, and grade crossings along the spur line at the State Route 143 (Merrimack Trail) and several other points were removed in 2008.
Camp Peary.
During World War II, beginning in 1942, the U.S. Navy took over a large area on the north side of the Virginia Peninsula in York County which became known as Camp Peary, initially for use as a Seabee training base. The C&O extended a spur track from its main line tracks to the site and established Magruder Station near the former unincorporated town of Magruder. 
The spur tracks were later removed. A portion of the old right-of-way which is not located on federal property now forms a rail trail in Waller Mill Park.
Fort Eustis.
The Fort Eustis Military Railroad is a United States Army rail transportation system existing entirely within the post boundaries of the United States Army Transportation Center and Fort Eustis (USATCFE), Fort Eustis, Virginia. It has served to provide railroad operation and maintenance training to the US Army and to carry out selected materiel movement missions both within the post and in interchange with the Peninsula Subsdivision via a junction at Lee Hall. It consists of of track broken into three subdivisions with numerous sidings, spurs, stations and facilities.
Oyster Point.
The station at Oyster Point in Warwick County became a shipping point for the area's watermen during the years of extensive oyster harvesting. Although oystering has dwindled greatly in the years since, Oyster Point, now within the City of Newport News, became the site for a new city center development. The Oyster Point City Center, developed as a New Urbanism project, has been touted as the new "downtown" because of its new geographic centrality in the area.
Norge.
Beginning in the 1890s, C&O land agent Carl M. Bergh, a Norwegian-American who had earlier farmed in the mid-western states, realized that the gentler climate of eastern Virginia and depressed post-Civil War land prices would be attractive to his fellow Scandinavians who were farming in other northern parts of the country. He began sending out notices, and selling land. Soon there was a substantial concentration of relocated Americans of Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish descent in the area. The location earlier known as Vaiden's Siding on the railroad just west of Williamsburg in James City County was renamed Norge. These citizens and their descendants found the area conditions favorable as described by Bergh, and many became leading merchants, tradespersons, and farmers in the community. These transplanted Americans brought some new blood and enthusiasm to the old colonial capitol area. 
The railroad has such community significance to Norge many generations later that, in February, 2006, the historic Norge railroad station building (circa 1908) of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway was relocated about to a site adjacent to the James City County Branch of the Williamsburg Regional Library on Croaker Road. Community volunteers set to work providing a new foundation and restoring the exterior, with additional improvements set for the future. A community project, the local "Virginia Gazette" newspaper reported that in January 2009, following historical research, the Norge Station had been repainted in its original livery, featuring a bright orange as the primary color. 
The former C&O station from Ewell also survives, and is in an adaptive reuse. However, the other James City County stations which were located at Diascund, Toano, Kelton (Lightfoot) and Grove are all gone without a trace.
Williamsburg.
In Williamsburg, a number of years before the Restoration, the C&O tracks initially ran down Duke of Gloucester Street and through the grounds of the former Capitol at the eastern end. In 1907, the C&O replaced its passenger station with a fine brick colonial style structure to accommodate the patrons of the tercentennial (300th anniversary) of the founding of Jamestown in 1607. Around this time, the ladies of Williamsburg who were among the early organizers of the group which became Preservation Virginia (formerly known as the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities) successfully prevailed upon the Old Dominion Land Company to turn over ownership of the capital historic site. 
Beginning in 1926, Reverend Dr. W.A.R. Goodwin led a campaign to preserve and restore Williamsburg's colonial-era properties. He was successful in gaining the interest and financial support of philanthropists Abby Aldrich Rockefeller and her husband, Standard Oil heir John D. Rockefeller Jr.. The Rockefellers made historic Bassett hall at Williamsburg their second home for several months each year, and took substantial interest in details of "The Restoration" which created Colonial Williamsburg. Partially on the key property donated to the APVA by Dominion Land Company, a major centerpiece, the brick Capitol was recreated, as well as dozens of other buildings. 
As part of the project to recreate the Governor's Palace, in 1935, the 1907 C&O station was replaced with an even finer one located about a half mile west of the original site. Later owned by the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation, the 1935 structure itself has been carefully maintained and modernized and serves as the intermodal Williamsburg Transportation Center, offering one of the more complete range of services of its type in the country. 
Lee Hall.
Lee Hall, the westernmost station in Warwick County, was named for the nearby mansion of Richard Decatur Lee. During the 1862 Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War, it served as the headquarters of Confederate General John B. Magruder. A tiny village which came to be known as Lee Hall, Virginia developed after the railroad opened and built the Lee Hall Depot. 
Lee Hall Depot became a very busy railroad station after the 1918 establishment nearby of Camp Abraham Eustis, later renamed Fort Eustis at Mulberry Island. The depot was strategically located along the main line midway between Skiffe's Creek and the Warwick River, and was close to the access point to the base. Lee Hall Depot handled heavy troop movements during both World Wars. 
Although Warwick County became a city in 1952 and then was consolidated with Newport News in 1958, in the half century since, the Lee Hall area has retained a rural atmosphere. There are plans to relocate the historic 2-story depot slightly to the north of the busy CSX Transportation railroad tracks.
As of 2008, the Lee Hall Depot is the only surviving C&O structure of its type on the Peninsula and the only survivor among five stations which were located in Warwick County, the others formerly located at Oriana, Oyster Point, Morrison, and Newport News. 

</doc>
<doc id="19815633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815633" title="Ballade på Christianshavn">
Ballade på Christianshavn

Ballade på Christianshavn is a 1971 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19815653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815653" title="Armand Pinsard">
Armand Pinsard

General Armand Pinsard (28 May 1887 - 10 May 1953), Chevalier, Officer, Commander, and Grand Officer of the Legion d'Honneur, Croix de Guerre with 19 palms, Medaille Militaire, British Military Cross, Italian Military Medal, Moroccan Medal, was a World War I fighter ace credited with 27 victories. He remained in the French air service through World War II, rising to the rank of general.
Life before World War I.
Armand Pinsard was born in Nercillac, Department of Charente, in the cognac country of France. He joined the military in 1906 and fought in Morocco as a cavalryman in 2nd Regiment de Spahis. He was decorated there with the Moroccan Medal. He then transferred to aviation in May 1912, becoming one of the rare professional military men to become a prewar pilot. He trained as a pilot at Chateau Fort on a Borel pusher two seater aircraft, and proved to be a natural.
He was awarded the Medaille Militaire for his performance flying a Morane in the French army maneuvers of 1913. He was assigned to MS 23 when World War I broke out.
World War I service.
At the outbreak of war, Pinsard was a sergeant major. In September 1914, he was promoted to adjutant and received his first citation. In October, he participated in a bombing raid that attempted to kill the German Kaiser. He was commissioned in November 1914 because of this bombing raid. It was about this time that he pioneered the use of an aircraft to place an espionage agent behind enemy lines, an act which brought him a second citation.
On 8 February 1915 he fell into German hands and was held prisoner of war when his plane was forced down behind German lines. It took him a month to recover from injuries received in the accident. Thirteen months and several attempts later, Pinsard tunneled under a prison wall to freedom on 26 March 1916. It took him another two weeks to cross the lines into neutral Switzerland and to repatriate himself on 10 April.
His reward for his daring escape was retraining as a fighter pilot and an assignment to France's foremost fighter squadron, Les Cigognes. By July 1916, he was flying a Nieuport with Squadron N26. On 7 August, in a pioneering close air support role, he made no fewer than six firing passes on German troops attempting to counterattack a French unit. Then he and his three wingmen went on to strafe a train loaded with German troops. He was made a Chevalier of the Legion d'Honneur for this action.
On 1 November 1916, he opened his victory roll in air combat. After a winter's layoff, he resumed his winning way on 23 January 1917, flying as Commanding Officer of Squadron N78. He became an ace on 6 March, and would continue to fly Nieuports into battle until his 16th victory on 5 Jun 1917. 
Just one week later, Pinsard crashed and suffered serious injuries. He would be confined to hospital for several months. Upon his recovery, he was appointed commanding officer of Squadron Spa23. Pinsard was entrusted with the first Spad VII fighter to see combat, on 23 August 1917. He painted it black and entitled it, "Revanche IV" (Revenge IV).
He picked up his victory skein with his 17th triumph on 20 February 1918. With his next win, on 4 May, he began a string that saw him down nine observation balloons in his final decade of wins. Rather remarkably, he had help downing only one of the heavily defended gasbags. His 27th victory came on 22 August 1918. Just eight days later, on 30 August 1918, he was appointed an Officer of the Legion d'Honneur. Pinsard ended the war as a much-decorated captain.
Between the wars.
Pinsard remained in the "Aeronautique Militaire" after World War I. In 1925 he became a Commander of the Legion d'Honneur. He served in the 34th Aviation Regiment from at least December 1929 through June 1932, mentoring a future ace, Camille Plubeau. 
In 1937, he ascended to the top of the Legion d'Honneur as a Grand Officer. Also in 1937, he once again met film maker Jean Renoir; Pinsard had once shot down a German Fokker that had been attacking Renoir's aircraft. Renoir based the main character of his movie "Grand Illusion" on Pinsard. Ironically, the movie is considered one of the great anti-war movies of all time.
World War II and beyond.
Pinsard began World War II commanding "Groupe de Chasse" (fighter group) 21. His personal plane, a Morane Saulnier 406, was painted all black and nicknamed "The Pirate." He had just returned from a mission in it when a German bombing raid upon their airfield on 6 June 1940 wounded him so severely that his leg had to be amputated.
Despite this wounding, after the war was over, Pinsard was convicted of collaboration with the Nazis and sentenced to life imprisonment. He had served as Inspector-General of the Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism, which had served with the Nazis on the Eastern Front. He was later pardoned.
He died during a dinner in Paris that he was attending that was sponsored by a group of flying veterans. He was buried in Ceyzeriat, Department of Ain.
Awards and decorations.
Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur.
"Has shown, under particularly difficult circumstances, exceptional energy and tenacity. Posted to an escadrille de chasse, at his request, he has had numerous combats during the course of which his plane was riddled by bullets. On 7 August 1916, during an infantry attack, he made six strafing runs from a height of 200 meters as German reserves massed for a counter attack. Already cited twice."
Officier de la Légion d'Honneur.
"Incomparable escadrille commander, and at the same time an admirable pilot. Constant example of self-denial, spirit and sacrifice, a model of bravery, audacity and strength. Possesses the highest qualities of a leading pilot. Seriously wounded in 1917, he returned to take his place at the front and continue his glorious exploits, bringing his total to 25 victories. Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur for feats of war, cited 13 times in army orders."

</doc>
<doc id="19815656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815656" title="Ordos Mongolian">
Ordos Mongolian

The Ordos (also "Urdus"; Mongolian ; Chinese 鄂尔多斯 "È'ěrduōsī") dialect of Mongolian is spoken in the Ordos City region in Inner Mongolia. It is also sometimes classified as a language within the Mongolic language family or as a dialect of the Southern Mongolian standard language. Due to the research of Antoine Mostaert, the development of this dialect can be traced back 100 years.
The Ordos vowel phoneme system in word-initial syllables is similar to that of Chakhar Mongolian, the most notable difference being that it has and [e: instead of [ə] and [ə:]. In southern varieties, merged into , e.g. while you still say in Ejin Horo Banner, it has become in Uxin or the Otog Front Banner. In contrast to the other dialects of Mongolian proper, it retains this distinction in all following syllables including in open word-final syllables, thus resembling the syllable and phoneme structure of Middle Mongolian more than any other Mongolian variety. E.g. MM Ordos Khalkha 'mouth', Ordos Khalkha () 'short; short sheep's wool'. Accordingly, it could never acquire palatalized consonant phonemes. Due to their persistent existence as short non-initial phonemes, /u/ and have regressively assimilated *ø and *o, e.g. * > 'star', > 'offence', > 'power'. An analogous change took place for some sequences of *a and *u, e.g. *arasu > .
Ordos retains a variant of the old comitative case and shares the innovated directive case. The verb system is not well researched, but employs a notable innovated suffix, <guːn>, that does not seem to adhere to the common division into three Mongolic verb suffix classes.
The lexicon of Ordos is that of a normal Mongolian dialect, with some Tibetan and Chinese loanwords.

</doc>
<doc id="19815662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815662" title="Patrick Tierney (Irish politician)">
Patrick Tierney (Irish politician)

Patrick Tierney (died 29 September 1990) was an Irish Labour Party politician. A labourer before entering politics, he was elected to the 8th Seanad on the Labour Panel in 1954. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary North constituency at the 1957 general election. He was re-elected at the 1961 and 1965 general elections. He did not contest the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19815664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815664" title="Tomorrow My Love">
Tomorrow My Love

Tomorrow My Love () is a 1971 Danish drama film directed by Finn Karlsson and starring Lykke Nielsen.

</doc>
<doc id="19815675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815675" title="Yitzhak Galanti">
Yitzhak Galanti

Yitzhak Galanti (; 12 February 1937 – 25 June 2012) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009.
Biography.
Born in Damascus in Syria, Galanti made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine on 5 May 1945. In 1981 he gained a BA in geography and political science from the University of Haifa. Nine years later he was awarded an MA in geology and archaeology at the same university.
In the 2006 elections he was placed fifth on Gil's list, and entered the Knesset as the party won seven seats. He headed the party's parliamentary group as chairman, and chaired the Knesset's Labour, Welfare and Health committee.
He lost his seat in the 2009 elections when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.
Galanti lived in Nesher, and was divorced with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19815705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815705" title="Sillosuchus">
Sillosuchus

Sillosuchus is a genus of poposaurid crurotarsans from the Late Triassic of Argentina. It had an estimated length of about 3 m (10 ft).
The generic name refers to Dr. William Sill, and "suchus", from Greek meaning crocodile. A reconstruction of the fossil was presented in 2008 by the National University of San Juan in Argentina, in an homage to Dr. William Dudley Sill who was an important promotor of paleontology in San Juan.
"Sillosuchus" is the only poposaurid currently known from outside North America. Other members of the clade include "Shuvosaurus", "Poposaurus" and "Effigia".

</doc>
<doc id="19815710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815710" title="Euroleague Basketball Manager">
Euroleague Basketball Manager

Euroleague Basketball Manager is the Euroleague's official basketball game. The 2008 version features on the cover Jaka Lakovič, Šarūnas Jasikevičius, Nikola Vujčić and Theo Papaloukas.

</doc>
<doc id="19815721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815721" title="The Olsen Gang's Big Score">
The Olsen Gang's Big Score

"The Olsen Gang's Big Score" () is a 1972 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19815739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815739" title="Kris Meeke">
Kris Meeke

Kris Meeke (born 2 July 1979) is a professional rally driver. He was the 2009 Intercontinental Rally Challenge champion. His current co-driver is Paul Nagle. He originally began his career as a Computer Aided Designer with M-Sport, at the headquarters of the Ford World Rally Team, before moving on to competing in the Peugeot Super 106 Cup in 2001.
For 2011, Meeke is competing in the World Rally Championship (WRC) driving a MINI for Prodrive. His first event was be the Rally d'Italia Sardegna which was held between 5–8 May. Meeke scored his first WRC points and won the Power Stage at the 2011 Rally Catalunya.
Career.
Meeke, who was born in Dungannon, Northern Ireland, educated at The Royal School Dungannon, and later went on to study at Queen's University in Belfast where he obtained a degree in Mechanical Engineering. He initially worked for M-Sport as a Computer Aided Designer. He took his first step into rallying in 2000, when he won a Peugeot competition for new rally drivers. His debut event was the Bulldog Rally held in North Wales, even leading the event for a time. After mixed results, his first victory came on the third round of the 2001 Peugeot Super 106 Cup, the Swansea Bay Festival National Rally.
In early 2002, Meeke's career was boosted when he was taken under the wing of the late Colin McRae and contested the British Junior Championship in a Ford Puma. In June, Meeke won in his category in the Scottish Rally after a calculated drive overseen by McRae, and took second on the Jim Clark Rally, his first full tarmac event. Third position in the final round of the series was however enough for Kris to claim the British Junior Rally Championship title in only his second season in the sport, as well as third in the British S1600 series.
JWRC.
The following year, Kris moved up to the Junior World Rally Championship (JWRC), driver an Opel Corsa run by Team Palmer. He made an impressive debut setting the fastest time on two of the final leg stages however a string of minor problems dropped Meeke down the order. He retired in the next rally and a potential second place finish in Italy was lost after a crash. Shortly afterwards he claimed consolation by winning the British S1600 title. On the final round of the 2003 JWRC held in Britain, Meeke was running in 2nd place in the JWRC and in 17th position overall before being forced to retire after hitting a rock and rolling his car.
Kris kicked the 2004 season off in style by finishing 3rd in class in the Rally of Monte Carlo. He then took part in the British S1600 event in Wales as a shakedown for the next JWRC in Greece, winning the Welsh event along the way. The next two JWRC events in Greece and Turkey were marred by mechanical problems on the rough gravel terrain. He then took part in the Pirelli Rally in Tampere as shakedown for the next JWRC event in Finland, scoring a class win in Pirelli Rally. He was leading the Finnish JWRC event before a mistake caused him to have a heavy crash and retire. There was further disappointment for Kris when during the last JWRC event in Wales he was plagued by electrical issues in his Opel Corsa. However a spirited drive saw him set seven fastest stage times and finish on the podium in second place.
IRC.
In 2009, Meeke alongside co-driver Paul Nagle contest the Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC) in a Peugeot UK backed 207 S2000. He crashed out heavily on the Monte Carlo Rally but went on to win the next three rounds he competed in at Brazil, Portugal, and Belgium. He won the championship at the penultimate round by winning Rally Sanremo in Italy, after his closest rival Jan Kopecky crashed on the second stage. Meeke finished off the season with a dominant win of the inaugural Rally Scotland, winning 7 of the 13 stages on the way to victory.
Kris starred in a wave of adverts for the Peugeot 207 in 2009, with the tagline "He's Meeke, but he's not mild".
For 2010, Meeke continued his successful partnership with Paul Nagle and Peugeot, competing in 10 rounds of the IRC.
WRC.
On 2 September 2010, "Autosport" magazine announced that Meeke had signed for the Prodrive team that will run MINI World Rally Championship (WRC) return in 2011. Meeke scored his first WRC points and won the Power Stage at the 2011 Rally Catalunya. Meeke came close to gaining his maiden podium at the final round of the season, the 2011 Rally GB but spun on the Power Stage allowing Henning Solberg to take third place.
Meeke also appeared in an edition of the BBC show Top Gear in a challenge similar to that of Henning Solberg driving a rally car against the Norwegian Olympic Bobsleigh team. Meeke rallied a Mini John Cooper Works WRC on a downhill snow track in a race against skeleton competitor Amy Williams at the Lillehammer Olympic Bobsleigh and Luge Track. Williams raced down the bobsleigh track whilst Meeke's route ran downhill alongside. With Top Gear presenter James May as his "co-driver," Meeke set a time of 59.73 in the Mini, beating Williams who finished with a time of 1:01.04.
On 22 December 2011, Meeke was dropped from the Mini WRC Team for next month's Monte Carlo Rally in a crisis within the Prodrive-run team over budget for the 2012 season.
Meeke returned to the WRC, driving for the Abu Dhabi Citroën Total World Rally Team as a stand in for Khalid Al Qassimi in the 2013 Rally Finland. Meeke was running comfortably in fifth place and set for a impressive points earning finish on his WRC return before rolling in the final section of the penultimate stage of the rally. Meeke will once again drive a Citroën DS3 WRC in September during the 2013 Rally Australia taking the place of works driver Dani Sordo.
Meeke will join Citroën's works team for the 2014 season alongside new team-mate Mads Østberg.
On the 2014 season's Opener Kris Meeke has taken his first WRC podium, and has become the first British driver to do so in over a decade.
Lurgan Park Rally.
Meeke won the 2012 Lurgan Park Rally in the McGeehan Motorsport Mini John Cooper Works WRC. This was his second attempt at the rally. His previous entry to the rally was a Mk 2 Escort.

</doc>
<doc id="19815740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815740" title="Mohd Farderin Kadir">
Mohd Farderin Kadir

Farderin Kadir (born January 30, 1987 in Melaka) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a striker and attacking midfielder for Terengganu FA. He is also a member of the Malaysia U-23 squad and a former member of the Malaysia U-20 squad.
Career.
Farderin started his professional career with the Malaysia U-20 squad in 2004. He was also a striker for Malacca FA, Kuala Muda Naza FC and then with Selangor FA. He broke into Malacca's starting eleven during the 2005/06 season and netted 2 goals in his first season. In the 2006/07 season he scored 4 goals.
He played in the 2006 AFC Youth Championship in India. He also played one Olympic Games qualification match against Hong Kong under-23 for Malaysia's under-23 side. For the 2007/08 season Farderin transferred to Kuala Muda NAZA FC. He helped the team win the 2007/08 Malaysia Premier League by scoring one of the goals in Kuala Muda NAZA's 3–2 win over KL PLUS FC. He was voted man of the match.
He was later loaned to Perlis FA for the 2008 Malaysia Cup. Farderin's performance attracted attention from national coach B. Sathianathan, who put him into the senior team for the 2008 Merdeka Tournament. However he did not have the chance to play a match during the tournament.
Farderin made his debut with the senior national team in an unofficial match against Zimbabwe on July 12, 2009. He also scored his first goal for the senior team in that match.
Following a spell with Malaysian giants Selangor FA, he then join newly promoted Felda United FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19815763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815763" title="19 Red Roses">
19 Red Roses

19 Red Roses () is a 1974 Danish crime film directed by Esben Høilund Carlsen and starring Henning Jensen.
Plot.
The film follows Detective Ancher (Poul Reichhardt) and his team as they investigate a series of murders that happened over a period of days. Seemingly unrelated at first, the investigators soon deduce that the killings are connected and stem from an incident that associates of the victims were all involved in.
Sequel.
The film was followed with a sequel, "Terror", in 1977. All of the major characters returned for this follow-up.

</doc>
<doc id="19815783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815783" title="Transkarpatia">
Transkarpatia

Transkarpatia is the fifth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2005 and was recorded at Los Angered Recordings in Sweden. The album was produced by Andy LaRocque (King Diamond).

</doc>
<doc id="19815787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815787" title="Christ Church, Freemantle">
Christ Church, Freemantle

Christ Church is the parish church for Freemantle in Southampton. The church building is grade II listed.
History.
The origins of a church community in Freemantle begin in 1856, when a church meeting took place in the Bailiffs House, and then later church services took place in the school rooms. On 25 July 1861, the foundation stone of the church was laid by Archdeacon Jacob. The building was constructed of Purbeck rubble and ashlar during 1865-1866 by William White. The windows were moulded with red brick. On 27 July 1865 the church was consecrated by Dr Sumner, Bishop of Winchester. On 19 April 1866 the Ecclesiastical Commission of England agreed that Freemantle would be a separate district from Millbrook, and declared the new Church of the Parish of Christ Church, Freemantle. The tower and spire were added in 1875.
Architecture.
The main building is of Purbeck rubble and ashlar construction, with red brick mouldings around the windows. The building has a nave with a clerestory, chapels to the north and south, and a south porch. The tower, on the west of the building, has a broached spire which was added a decade after the construction of the remainder of the building. The chancel arch is wide, with three bay nave arcades. The windows are of a geometrical style.

</doc>
<doc id="19815788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815788" title="The Olsen Gang on the Track">
The Olsen Gang on the Track

The Olsen Gang on the Track () is a 1975 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19815823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815823" title="Seikichi Odo">
Seikichi Odo

Seikichi Odo (July 26, 1926 - March 24, 2002), whose name means "world walker" in Japanese, was born in Okinawa. He combined "kobudō" and karate techniques to found the Ryūkyū Hon Kenpo Kobujutsu Federation. His teacher, Nakamura Shigeru introduced the use of "bōgu" (protective equipment) for full contact sparring.
Education.
Of samurai descent, he was small in stature and introverted as a youth. At age 9 Odo began his martial arts training in judo. At age 13 Odo met Koho Kuba of Kawasaki, Okinawa. Kuba taught Odo the art of "Okinawa-te". At the age of 20, Odo began to study Okinawan "kobudō". He studied weapons arts diligently to ensure the preservation of the old ways. Odo's "kobudō" instructors included many of the leading practitioners of Okinawa, such as Mitsuo Kakazu, Kenko Nakaima, Shimpo Matayoshi and Seiki Toma. At 23 Odo began to study karate under Shigeru Nakamura.
Odo studied both "kobudō" (with Mitsuo Kakazu) as well as karate and "kobudō" with Seiki Toma, who was a student of Zenpo Shimabukuro who was taught by Chōtoku Kyan (1870–1945). Odo considered Nakamura as his primary instructor as well as mentor.
Okinawan kenpo is a term that dates back to the beginning of the 20th century. It is often used as a generic term to describe all of the Okinawan karate styles. During the early 1950s this term came into use to describe a particular style, the karate being taught by Shigeru Nakamura.
Shigeru Nakamura.
Nakamura was born on Jan. 20, 1894. His karate training started whilst in attendance of Icchu Middle School in Shuri. It was here that both Kanryo Higashionna (1845–1915) and Chomo Hanashiro (1830–1945) were the karate instructors. Yasutune Itosu (1830–1915) as well as Kentsu Yabu (1863–1937) also made visits to the school. After middle school, Nakamura returned to Nago city where he trained under Shinkichi Kuniyoshi. In 1953, Nakamura opened his own dojo in Nago city and called his form of karate "Okinawa kenpo".
Odo took over teaching in the dojo as Nakamura aged. Nakamura asked Odo to incorporate the "kobudō" with karate teachings. Odo incorporated these in the mid 1970s. In July 1983, Odo restructured the Okinawa Kenpo Karate-Kobudō Association, renaming it the Okinawa Kenpo Karate Kobudō Federation. In 1998 to ease derisiveness, Odo changed the federation name to the Ryūkyū Hon Kenpo Kobujutsu Federation. Odo's Ryūkyū Hon Kenpo Kobujutsu Federation teaches a total of 50 "kata"; 20 open hand forms and 30 weapons "kata".
As Odo said, "You keep, keep my kata straight".
Bogu Kumite.
Bogu Kumite (防具組手) is a form of armored training used in some Okinawan kempo styles of karate. The origin of this unique training approach is credited to Shigeru Nakamura. Shorin-ryu, Chito-ryu, Isshin-ryu, Shorinji-ryu and Nippon Kempo also employ this training method.
Bogu Kumite is a rough, full contact training method in which the participants are discouraged from using feints and jabs and are expected to throw full-power blows. Rules vary between practitioners, but a generally accepted norm is to only count strikes that would incapacitate the opponent, had they not been wearing the gear. Hits must land on the gear and on the steel cage of the mask.
Equipment.
Bogu gear is made of pieces analogous to those of kendo bogu.
Men- steel cage mask (or heavy clear plastic) that covers the anterior and lateral head, with an opening in back. It extends to the neck to provide a degree of control during heavy impacts. Kumite men usually have shorter neck pieces since they do not usually need to stop the heavy blows to the clavicle as with kendo armor.
Kote- padded gloves, often of the Kempo variety with finger articulations.
Do- semi-rigid chest protector made with several padded plates of various materials such as heavy plastic or light metals sewn into it.
Participants also usually wear a groin protector, elbow pads and shin protectors as with other karate training methods.

</doc>
<doc id="19815831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815831" title="1996 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1996 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Boris Becker was the defending champion but lost in the final 3–6, 7–6(7–5), 7–6(7–4), 6–7(11–13), 6–4 against Pete Sampras.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
<ol start="5">
<li> Thomas Muster "(Round Robin)
<li> Boris Becker "(Final)
<li> Andre Agassi "(Round Robin)
<li> Richard Krajicek "(Semifinals)
<li> Thomas Enqvist "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
White Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19815832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815832" title="Henry Pryor">
Henry Pryor

Henry Pryor (July 3, 1808 – October 10, 1892) was a lawyer, magistrate and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1867.
He was born in Halifax, the son of John Pryor, a member of the provincial assembly, and Sarah Stevens. He was educated in Halifax and at King's College. Pryor went on to study law with William Blowers Bliss and was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1831. That same year, Pryor married Eliza Phoebe Pyke, the daughter of George Pyke. He served as a lieutenant and then lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. Pryor was a member of Halifax city council from 1843 to 1845 and was mayor from 1849 to 1850, from 1853 to 1855 and from 1857 to 1859. In 1863, he married Charlotte McKie after the death of his first wife. Pryor was named a stipendiary magistrate for Halifax in 1867. In 1873, he was named Queen's Counsel. Pryor retired from his post as magistrate in 1886 and later died in Halifax at the age of 84.
His brother John was president and founder of Acadia College. His sister Louisa married James William Johnston.

</doc>
<doc id="19815833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815833" title="Oil reserves in Cuba">
Oil reserves in Cuba

Estimates of total oil reserves in Cuba are varied, and depend mainly on estimations of undiscovered offshore deposits in the North Cuba Basin. Proved crude oil reserves were 124 million barrels as of 2013. 
Cuba has three producing offshore oil fields within 5 km of its north coast. 
A 2004 partnership between Spanish oil company Repsol-YPF and Cuba's state oil company Cupet estimated Cuba's off-shore reserves to be able to ultimately produce between 4.6 and 9.3
billion barrels of crude oil. Also in 2004, the U.S. Geological Survey estimated that the North Cuba Basin had a 95% probability of having at least 1.1 billion barrels, and a 5% chance of having 9.4 billion barrels; the most likely volume was 4.6 billion barrels of undiscovered oil.
In October 2008, the Cuban government announced that its likely oil reserves were more than double that which was previously believed, and its total reserves were probably 20 billion barrels, mostly in the offshore. If the estimates are accurate, then Cuba would have one of the top 20 reserves in the world.
By 2010 an active leasing program for blocks of the ocean floor north and west of Cuba was underway. No U.S. companies participated due to the United States embargo against Cuba. Private companies and state-owned firms, from Brazil, India, Norway, Russia, Spain, Venezuela, Vietnam took leases. Despite the areas leased being close to tourist areas in Florida and Cuba, Cuba does not have the equipment or expertise to handle a major oil spill.
Petroleum exploration.
In 2012, three deepwater (more than 300 meters of water) exploration wells were drilled by the Italian platform Scarabeo 9 (owned by Saipem, for different oil companies : one for Repsol was finished in May, one for Petronas and Gazpromneft, finished in August, and finally one for PdVSA, finished in late October. The planned departure of the only deep-water drilling rig available in the fall of 2012 set the detailed exploration program necessary back for a period of years. There remain unexplored deep-water leases held by Vietnamese and Angolan firms and drilling was planned on a shallow-water prospect east of Havana by Zarubezhneft, a Russian company, using a Norwegian rig.

</doc>
<doc id="19815841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815841" title="North Armagh (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
North Armagh (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

North Armagh was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
North Armagh was a county constituency comprising the northern part of County Armagh. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. North Armagh was created by the division of Armagh into four new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged, returning one member of Parliament, until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat was centred on the town of Lurgan and included parts of the rural districts of Armagh and Lurgan.
Politics.
The seat was always won by Ulster Unionist Party candidates. It was contested on five occasions, three time by nationalist candidates, once by a Northern Ireland Labour Party member, and once by an independent Unionist. The nationalist and Labour candidates each took 30 - 40% of the votes cast.
Election results.
At the 1929, 1933 and 1938 Northern Ireland general elections, John Johnston was elected unopposed.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1953, Dinah McNabb was elected unopposed.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1962, Dinah McNabb was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="19815844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815844" title="The Double Man (1976 film)">
The Double Man (1976 film)

The Double Man () is a 1976 Danish crime film directed by Franz Ernst and starring Erik Wedersøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19815845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815845" title="Mark Birighitti">
Mark Birighitti

Mark Birighitti (born 17 April 1991) is an Australian goalkeeper who plays for the Newcastle Jets in the A-League.
Club career.
Adelaide United.
Mark started his career at the AIS before moving to Adelaide United in 2008. He made his first team debut against Queensland Roar on 17 October 2008 helping Adelaide to a 1–0 win. Aurelio Vidmar praised the young goalkeeper after the game saying "I think Birighitti played well he's got a really good future,he had big shoes to fill and I think he did an outstanding job tonight." 
His second successive A-League start came against Perth Glory at Hindmarsh Stadium after Adelaide's number one goalkeeper, 28-year-old Eugene Galekovic, was injured during the Asian Champions League game against FC Bunyodkor. Despite conceding the game's first goal at the near post, Birighitti played his part in the 2–1 win taking Adelaide to the top of the league table.
With Galekovic again ruled out with injury Birighitti started the second leg of the 2008 AFC Champions League Final against Gamba Osaka on 12 November 2008; Adelaide lost the match 2–0. He injured his ankle after falling awkwardly in a training session on 17 December 2008 ruling him out of the remaining A-League 2008-09 season.
Newcastle United Jets.
On 17 January 2012 it was announced he had signed a two year contract with A-League club Newcastle Jets starting post the 2012 AFC Champions League group stage.
He quickly became the first choice goalkeeper for the Newcastle Jets, edging out Ben Kennedy and Jack Duncan. In late 2013 he signed a contract extension with the Jets until the end of the 2015/16 season 
2013-2014 season:
After round 3 Birighitti had kept 2 clean sheets and was the 2012-13 Newcastle Jets player of the year.
International career.
Mark was selected in the Australian Under-19 squad for the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship.
He made his debut for the senior Australian national team in Australia's final match of the 2013 East Asian Football Cup against China.
Career statistics.
"CS = Clean Sheets"
1 – includes A-League final series statistics<br>
2 – includes FIFA Club World Cup statistics; AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing during group stages (i.e. ACL 2008 and A-League season 2007–08 etc.)
Honours.
With Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="19815852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815852" title="2010 Bangladesh national football team results">
2010 Bangladesh national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Bangladesh national football team in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19815862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815862" title="Rozenite">
Rozenite

Rozenite is an uncommon hydrous iron sulfate mineral, Fe2+SO4•4(H2O).
It occurs as a secondary mineral, formed under low humidity at less than 21 °C as an alteration of copper-free melanterite which is a post mine alteration product of pyrite or marcasite. It also occurs in lacustrine sediments and coal seams. Associated minerals include melanterite, epsomite, jarosite, gypsum, sulfur, pyrite, marcasite and limonite.
It was first described in 1960 for an occurrence on Ornak Mountain, Western Tatra Mountains, Małopolskie, Poland. It was named for Polish mineralogist Zygmunt Rozen (1874–1936).

</doc>
<doc id="19815863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815863" title="Americo Paredes">
Americo Paredes

Américo Paredes (September 3, 1915 - May 5, 1999) was a Mexican-American author born in Brownsville, Texas who authored several texts focusing on the border life that existed between the United States and Mexico, particularly around the Rio Grande region of South Texas. His family on his father’s side, however, had been in the Americas since 1580. His ancestors were "sefarditas", or Spanish Jews who had been converted to Christianity, and in 1749 - along with Escandon - they settled in the lower Rio Grande. The year of Paredes’ birth was the year of the last Texas Mexican Uprising, which was to portend the life Paredes was to lead. Throughout his long career as a journalist, folklorist and professor, Paredes was to bring focus to his Mexican American heritage, and the beauty of those traditions. 
Biography.
Growing up in Brownsville, Texas, Paredes was to experience the double life of American and Mexican culture. Paredes was both a lover of Edgar Rice Burroughs’ Tarzan books, and Mexican poetry—his father in fact composed "décimas" (a ten line poem with set rhyme scheme). This love of poetry was to hold Paredes in good stead when, at the age of 18, he won a poetry contest sponsored by Trinity College. This award was to gain him the attention of the high school principal, Mr. Irvine, who in turn, expedited his entrance into junior college in 1934. The same year Paredes entered college, an event that would mark his life occurred, the assassination of Cesar Augusto Sandino, about whom, five years later, Paredes would write “A Cesar Augusto Sandino.”
While in his second year of junior college, Paredes was also to write "George Washington Gomez: A Mexico-Texan Novel". Although it was not published until 1990, "George Washington Gomez" is Paredes' most well known work. The book tells the story of a young man growing up in Jonesville on the River (a fictional city Paredes used to represent the city of Brownsville) in the early 20th century. In the work, "George Washington Gomez" reveals the conflict in identity (as the title name suggests) the young man experiences growing up in an Anglo-Texan environment, particularly with regards to the educational system.
While in college, Paredes worked not only at the local grocery store (where he bought his first guitar from a co-worker), but also at the The Brownsville Herald as a proofreader and reporter, a job he would continue to work, even after graduation in 1936. In 1940 as World War II began for the Americans, Paredes took a second job with Pan-American Airways overseeing the outfitting of airplanes with fifty-caliber machine guns. Simultaneously, he was to begin playing guitar on the radio, a talent he had taught himself during junior college. Americo Paredes soon was drafted into the army as World War II heated up, but here as well he was to be a journalist, reporting for the army publication "Stars and Stripes", a publication which - while in Japan - allowed him to interview the military leader Hideki Tōjō. While in Japan, Paredes was to also begin taking correspondence courses from the University of Texas, through an army school, affectionately referred to as the Tokyo College. By 1950, Paredes was to follow this up by moving to Austin to pursue first his masters then his Ph.D. Upon returning to the United States he brought with him his half-Japanese, half-Uruguayan wife Amelia Nagamine, whose visa issues almost cast a wrench in his education. By 1951, Paredes was teaching as a graduate student at the University of Texas and drawing attention. In 1952 he would win an award from the "Dallas Times Herald" for a collection of short stories he had selected from his larger work, "The Hammon and The Beans". He called it "Border Country". Following this accolade, he would win an award of 500 dollars for his novel "The Shadow" in 1955, yet this book would not be published until 1996.
In his graduate school years it would be a twist of fate that would lead Paredes down the road of folklore. While taking English courses during his masters, he encountered a test comparing two Scottish ballads, which Paredes was to compare to the Mexican corrido (a comparison that would crop up again in his dissertation of "With His Pistol in His Hand"). His professor at the time introduced him to Robert Stephenson, then a professor of English teaching folklore, who would persuade him to pursue a future in the field. In 1956, Paredes’ dissertation, which was to turn into his opus "With His Pistol in His Hand", published in 1958 told the story of the legendary Gregorio Cortez and his conflict with the Texas Rangers. The text portrayed the famed Texas Rangers in a negative fashion, which was unheard of in the history of that organization. There was a suggestion, jokingly perhaps, by some Texas Rangers that Paredes should be shot in retaliation for his blemishing of the reputation of the Texas Rangers in that book.) "With His Pistol in His Hand" was actually Paredes' dissertation and was published as a book by the University of Texas at Austin., garnered the attention of famous folklorist Stith Thompson, who was to recommend the work to the University of Texas Press for publication (this project however would not reach publication until 1958).
The same year "With His Pistol in His Hand" was published, Paredes was hired by University of Texas, Austin to teach, a decision which would change the face of their curriculum. In the 1960s and 70’s Americo Paredes was to join the Chicano movement along with Tomás Rivera and Miguel Méndez. During this same period he would also expand the educational curriculum of UT by founding their Center for Folklore Studies (1967). Paredes would continue on to found their Center for Mexican American Studies as well. In 1989 Paredes would become one of five men to be awarded the Charles Frankel Prize of the National Endowment for the Humanities and in 1991 (the same year his high school and young adult poetry "Between Two Worlds" would publish) he received the Orden del Aguila Azteca along with Cesar Chavez and Julian Samora.
In 1970, his "Folktales of Mexico" was published as part of the "Folktales of the World" series.
On May 5, 1999 Americo Paredes died in Austin, Texas.
Paredes has the distinction of being one of the few scholars "to ever have a corrido...composed in his honor".

</doc>
<doc id="19815869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815869" title="William Ernest Cooke">
William Ernest Cooke

William Ernest Cooke (25 July 1863 – 7 November 1947), generally referred to as "W. Ernest Cooke" or informally "Ernest Cooke", was an Australian astronomer, credited with a number of important scientific breakthroughs and improved methodologies in astronomical observations and star cataloguing. He was the first Western Australian Government Astronomer and established the Perth Observatory as one of the best equipped and productive establishments of its type in Australia.
Cooke was born in Adelaide, the son of Ebenezer Cooke, public servant and politician from South Australia. He was educated at The Collegiate School of St Peter in Adelaide (1875–79) and the University of Adelaide (B.A., 1883; M.A., 1889).
Cooke was gifted academically: in 1879 he was first placed in St Peter's First Class of matriculants, with passes in Greek and Chemistry. He signed the student roll at the University of Adelaide in March the same year, while he was still 15. After a glowing reference from his headmaster, he took a Civil Service cadetship under Sir Charles Todd at the Adelaide Observatory in December 1878. He was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1883 and a Master of Arts in 1889.
Cooke married Jessie Elizabeth Greayer in Adelaide in 1887 and they had six children—five before arriving in Western Australia: Violet Ogden (1888), Lionel Ernest (1889), Rosalie (1891, died in infancy), Frank Basil (1892), and Erica Carrington (1894). The sixth child, Maxwell Greayer was born in Perth in 1898.
Career.
In about 1882 he was appointed as senior assistant, second class at the Adelaide Observatory.
In the mid-1890s, Todd was advising the Premier of Western Australia Sir John Forrest who wanted to build a high quality Perth Observatory in Western Australia. In December 1894 he wrote to Forrest advising that the £3,000 which had been set aside in the budgets for construction was sufficient and would be adequate for the purchase of instruments also. A site was chosen and endorsed by Todd during a one week visit to Perth in July 1895. With regards to an astronomer, Todd wrote:
The appointment of an astronomer of course requires very careful consideration and I am glad to call your attention to Mr W.E. Cooke, M.A., my first Assistant who would, I have reason to know, accept the office if offered it. 
Mr Cooke has been employed in the observatory here, under my direction, for about 13 years, and has full experience in all Astronomical and Meteorological work. He is a most proficient Mathematician and had a distinguished career at Adelaide University.
He is about 32 or 33 years of age, and therefore in the full vigour of young manhood — he is very zealous in his work, very steady, and high principled, and is married.
From my intimate knowledge of him, and his special attainments I can write with confidence to commend him as the very man you want. You certainly could not do better if you went to England and very probably would not get so good a man.
The foundation stone was laid by Forrest on 29 September 1896 and the Observatory was completed at a cost of ₤6,622, more than double the estimate, on 3 March 1897. Cooke meanwhile was sent on a tour of continental cities to study observatory design and to purchase instruments. He visited Paris, Nice, Strasbourg and Brussels, as well as visiting Her Majesty's Astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope. He arrived in Perth on 7 November 1896 but it would be two years before the first of the two main instruments would be commissioned. In the interim, he established a first-class meteorological station in the Observatory grounds, with observations continuing to be made there until 1967. Cooke toured the state extensively, visiting as far north as Wyndham and inland along the Murchison River. He established several new meteorological stations along the way, training local observers and equipping the stations. Weather data was transmitted from the country stations twice a day to the General Post Office in Perth by telegraph. He established a number of voluntary observation posts who transmitted weather data on a monthly basis. Using the observations, he produced the first daily weather maps and daily forecasts, for Perth, the Goldfields and the state. By about 1900, a general weather report, a special rainfall report, an isobar map and a forecast were produced each morning and posted for viewing in Perth and Fremantle.
Cooke opened the Observatory every Tuesday evening to allow public viewings of the equipment.
Cooke developed an interest in the development of low pressure zones which often dominated the weather cycles, and the possibility of tracking these depressions. He studied weather records from the Cape of Good Hope, Natal and Mauritius with the hope of associating weather events there with later events in Australia. He analysed and mapped the passage of cyclones from the North-West into the interior, publishing cyclone forecasts for the first time. In 1908 the meteorology service was taken over by the Commonwealth, enabling him to concentrate on astronomical projects.
He established the first official time service on his arrival in Perth. Using a chronometer and a borrowed theodolite, he determined an accurate solar time each night, clear skies permitting, and a time signal was telegraphed to the GPO at noon each day. In 1897 a small transit telescope replaced the theodolite and in about 1898 two standard German precision clocks were installed to track sidereal time and solar mean time. Several methods of broadcasting the time were used:
A six-pound cannon was purchased by the Observatory in November 1902 and used as a time gun.
The Observatories two main telescopes arrived in 1898-99 but were not fully commissioned until October 1901. In March 1901 Cooke went to Adelaide to carry out observations simultaneously with observers in Perth, to accurately determine longitude.
In about 1901, the International Astrographic Congress asked the observatory to collaborate in the international star cataloguing and charting project, the 'International Photo-Durchmusterung' or 'Cape Photographic Durchmusterung' (CPD). The invitation was accepted and the Observatory was allotted the 32°-40° South latitudes. It was painstaking work, done over many years, and involved the taking of hundreds of photographic plates, each of two square degrees with some containing twenty thousand stars of magnitude eleven or brighter, and thousands of associated calculations. The project was his major astronomical work and contribution. An astrographic work "A Catalogue of 420 Standard Stars" was published by the Perth Observatory in 1907. With the catalogue, Cooke produced a critique of the international programme, referring to lack of coordination, refinements that he had made in observation methods and suggested procedures to be used at other sites around the world. As a result, he received wide acclaim from international peers. The Astronomer Royal wrote to the Government astronomer at Adelaide, "to follow implicitly the head of the Perth Observatory and copy their methods ... their catalogues are excellent, and they seem to be able to maintain maximum efficiency with the minimum of energy".
He proposed a plan for coordinated international observations and the preparation of three star catalogues, and that astronomers be requested to confine their major catalogue work to stars in their own meridian. The catalogues proposed were:
Cooke attended the International Astrographic Conference in Paris in 1909 where he presented his ideas and which were accepted by the congress. He was made one of the 18 members of the Permanent Committee of the Congress.
At the request of the Government of South Australia, he travelled to Adelaide between mid-February and June 1911 where he assisted in determining the South Australian border with Victoria. He then went to the Friendly Islands to observe an eclipse.
In 1912 Cooke departed Western Australia and took a position as government astronomer in New South Wales and Professor of Astronomy at the University of Sydney. He had been given promises of a new observatory and equipment at Wahroonga, but political machinations and economic priorities associated with the First World War meant the project was abandoned and the Sydney Observatory remained as the principal New South Wales facility. The government pushed for its closure in 1926 but was narrowly defeated after a bitter opposition campaign, however Cooke became the political scapegoat and was forced into early retirement in the same year.
Cooke returned to Adelaide in 1936 and died there in 1947.
During his time in Western Australia he was also the government meteorologist until 1908 and the founding chairman of the Civil Service Association in 1902.
Achievements.
Satellite 3894 Williamcooke and Mount Cooke in the Darling Scarp near Jarrahdale are named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19815870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815870" title="Slovenia women's national football team">
Slovenia women's national football team

The Slovenia women's national football team is the national football team of Slovenia [http://www.slovenia.info] and is controlled by the Football Association of Slovenia. They played their first match in 1992 after the split of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1991. Before that, Slovenian players played for the Yugoslav national team.
History.
Slovenia made its official debut on September 25, 1993 against England in the qualifying for the 1995 European Championship. They lost all six qualifiers with a 0–60 goal average, including a record 17–0 loss against Spain. After this Slovenia didn't take part in official competitions for more than a decade. 
They returned in 2005 for the 2007 World Cup qualification, where they didn't have options to qualify since back then a two-division format with promotions and relegations was held and they started in the lower category. For the 2009 European Championship the two divisions were merged into one, and Slovenia made it to the play-offs as one of the four best 3rd-ranked teams, their biggest success to date. There they were knocked out by Ukraine by a 0–5 aggregate.
In the 2011 World Cup and 2013 European Championship qualifiers Slovenia ended fourth out of five teams, with 6 and 4 points respectively.
Current squad.
As of June 2012 (reference — NZS)

</doc>
<doc id="19815873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815873" title="Malva Schalek">
Malva Schalek

Malva Schalek, aka Malvina Schalková (18 February 1882–1944), was a Czech-Jewish painter.
Life.
Malva Schalek was born in Prague to a German-speaking Jewish intellectual family active in the Czech national movement. She went to school in Prague, Vrchlabi (Hohenelbe), and studied art, first at the Frauenakademie in Munich and then privately in Vienna. She earned her living as a painter in Vienna, in her studio above the Theater an der Wien, until July 1938, when she was forced to flee from the Nazis, leaving her paintings behind. Only some 30 works from this period have been recovered; two were found in the Historisches Museum Wien. One of these, a nearly life-sized oil portrait of the actor Max Pallenberg, is currently being returned to the family by the restitution authority.
Schalek was deported to Terezin (Theresienstadt) ghetto in February 1942, where she produced more than 100 drawings and watercolors portraying fellow inmates and their life there. Because of her refusal to portray a collaborationist doctor, she was deported to Auschwitz on 18 May 1944, where she perished. 
Work.
Her work, especially her drawings of the camp at Theresienstadt, is characterized by a sober realism. These drawings have been described by Tom L. Freudenheim, director of the Baltimore Museum of Art, as "perhaps the finest and most complete artistic oeuvre to survive the Holocaust." Recovered after the liberation, most are in the art collection of the Ghetto Fighters' House museum at kibbutz Lohamei HaGeta'ot in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19815876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815876" title="The Moelleby Affair">
The Moelleby Affair

The Moelleby Affair () is a 1976 Danish family film directed by Tom Hedegaard and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19815879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815879" title="Fukuoka Prefectural Fukuoka High School">
Fukuoka Prefectural Fukuoka High School

Outline.
The majority of Fukuoka High School students attend four-year universities after graduating from FHS. This school has one of the top reputations among public high schools in Fukuoka Prefecture (along with Shuyukan Senior High School and Chikushigaoka High School) because a large number of graduates continue on to Kyushu University, one of the top public universities in Japan.
History.
Fukuoka High School was founded in 1917 under the former Japanese educational system in which children went directly to high school after graduating from elementary school. It was not until 1924 that separate facilities were constructed—until then, students shared use of the buildings at Shuyukan high school for classes. The original buildings were made of wood, and they burned down in 1927. Following the fire, the school was reconstructed in stone and cement; those buildings have remained in use until today.

</doc>
<doc id="19815881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815881" title="October Holiday">
October Holiday

In Ireland, the October Holiday (sometimes called the October Bank Holiday) is observed on the last Monday of October. Usually, but not always, this is the day after the end of Western European Summer Time. It was introduced in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19815910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815910" title="Politics in Cardiff">
Politics in Cardiff

Cardiff is represented politically on a number of local, regional, national and international levels.
Political representation.
Cardiff is presently split into four parliamentary constituencies which form the electoral basis for elections to the United Kingdom Parliament and the National Assembly for Wales.
The constituencies and their representatives in the House of Commons since the 2010 election have been:
Famous politicians who have represented Cardiff constituencies include James Callaghan, a former Prime Minister who held his constituency seat for over forty years, and George Thomas, 1st Viscount Tonypandy, who served as Speaker of the House of Commons between 1976 and 1983.
European Parliament.
Cardiff is part of the Wales constituency in European Parliament elections, which elects four representatives. The current MEPS are:
National Assembly for Wales.
The National Assembly for Wales has been based in Cardiff Bay since its formation in 1999. The building which is now known as the "Senedd" (Welsh for Legislature, Parliament or Senate) was opened on 1 March 2006, by The Queen. The executive and civil servants of the Welsh Assembly Government are based in Cardiff's Cathays Park while the Assembly Members, the Assembly Parliamentary Service and Ministerial support staff are based in Cardiff Bay. Cardiff elects four constituency Assembly Members (AMs) to the Assembly, with the individual constituencies for the Assembly being the same as for the UK Parliament. All of the city's residents have an extra vote for the South Wales Central region which increases proportionality to the Assembly. The most recent Welsh Assembly elections were held on 3 May 2007.
As with the United Kingdom Partliment, Cardiff is split into four constituencies:
The South Wales Central Assembly Region elects four Assembly Members to serve the area covered by Cardiff, Rhondda-Cynon-Taf and the Vale of Glamorgan local authority areas. These are currently:
Local government.
Since local government reorganisation in 1996, Cardiff has been governed by The City and County Council of Cardiff, which is based at County Hall in Atlantic Wharf, Cardiff Bay. Voters elect 75 councillors every four years, with the next elections due to be held in 2012.
Since the 2004 local elections, no individual political party has held a majority on Cardiff County Council. The Liberal Democrats have 35 councillors, the Conservatives have 17, Labour have 13, Plaid Cymru have 7 and three councillors sit as Independents. The Leader of the Council, Cllr Rodney Berman, is from the Liberal Democrats.The Liberal Democrats and Plaid Cymru have formed a partnership administration to run the council.

</doc>
<doc id="19815947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815947" title="Samuel Leonard Shannon">
Samuel Leonard Shannon

Samuel Leonard Shannon (June 1, 1816 – January 7, 1895) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1867.
He was born in Halifax, the son of James Noble Shannon, a city merchant, and Nancy Allison. Shannon was educated at King's College. He articled in law with Henry Pryor and was called to the bar in 1839. In 1855, he married Annie Starr Fellows. Shannon served in the local militia, reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. In 1858, he was named a Nova Scotia railway board commissioner. Shannon was named Queen's Counsel in 1864. He served as a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council from 1863 to 1867. He supported the development of an intercolonial railway, free common schools and Confederation. Shannon served on the board of governors for Dalhousie College and helped establish the Dalhousie Law School, serving as one of its first instructors. In 1881, he was named probate judge for Halifax County. Shannon died in Halifax at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19815973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815973" title="Automotive Products">
Automotive Products

Automotive Products, commonly abbreviated to AP, was an automotive industry components company set up in 1920 by Edward Boughton, Willie Emmott and Denis Brock, to import and sell American-made components to service the fleet of ex-military trucks left behind in Europe after World War I.
In 1928, they obtained a licence for the manufacture and sale of the Lockheed Hydraulic Braking System for the British Isles and Continental Europe, and in the following year they acquired a controlling interest in Zephyr Carburetors Limited which had premises in Clemens Street, Leamington Spa. A subsidiary company named the Lockheed Hydraulic Brake Company Ltd was formed and brake component manufacture began.
In 1931, the Borg & Beck Company Limited was set up to manufacture clutches under American patents from Borg & Beck in the USA. This allowed the company to sell British made Borg & Beck clutches in Great Britain, overseas British possessions and the British Empire (except Canada). The same year, the first block of a new purpose-built factory in Tachbrook Road was opened, extending by 1970 to some 70 acres.
The company became the UK's leading manufacturer and supplier of clutches and braking, and was dominant in the market until the end of the 1970s.
AP also developed a close technical partnership with the British Motor Corporation (BMC), in the development of automatic transmissions. One of the most notable products of this collaboration was the unique AP automatic transmission used in the Mini and later BMC/BL compact models. The two companies jointly owned a plant in Kings Norton to produce the transmissions, and the matching variants of the A-series engines to go with them.
The business was bought by BBA (British Belting and Asbestos) in 1986, and sold on to a management consortium in 1995.
With the decline of the British Motor Industry, and increased competition from manufacturers in Europe, AP saw its sales shrink. The Leamington Spa site was gradually reduced, until the business was broken up, and its mainstream automotive division was sold in 2000 to Delphi Automotive Systems. The braking division, The Lockheed Hydraulic Braking Company, was sold to an Indian multi-national, who supplies brake systems under the name Caparo AP Braking.
The Caparo company is unconnected with AP Racing, a competitor who specialised is high performance brake and clutch systems for motorsports applications. This company has since been purchased by Brembo S.p.A., but is still run as a separate entity.

</doc>
<doc id="19815986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815986" title="Center for Computational Relativity and Gravitation">
Center for Computational Relativity and Gravitation

The Center for Computational Relativity and Gravitation (CCRG) is a research center at the Rochester Institute of Technology. It comprises faculty, postdoctoral research associates and students working in the areas of computational general relativity, gravitational waves, relativistic astrophysics, and galaxy dynamics. It was founded in 2007 within the School of Mathematical Sciences then headed by Sophia Maggelakis.
Faculty members currently include Hans-Peter Bischof, Joshua Faber, Manuela Campanelli (Director), Carlos Lousto, David Merritt, John Whelan and Yosef Zlochower.
Computing facilities in the CCRG include gravitySimulator, a 32-node computer that uses special-purpose GRAPE hardware to achieve speeds of 4Tflops in gravitational "N"-body calculations; and NewHorizons, a 104-node Linux cluster with dual-processor (dual-core) per node and a total of 1.4 Tbytes of on-board memory. 
The mission of the CCRG is "to promote excellence in research and education, and to advance discovery beyond the frontiers of current knowledge in key research areas of computational astrophysics, gravitational physics, high-performance computing and scientific visualization."

</doc>
<doc id="19815991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19815991" title="Robert Thornton (scribe)">
Robert Thornton (scribe)

Robert Thornton (fl. 1418-1456) was a Yorkshire landowner, a member of the landed gentry. His efforts as an amateur scribe and manuscript compiler resulted in the preservation of many valuable works of Middle English literature, and have given him an important place in its history.
Biography.
Thornton's name is associated with two 15th-century manuscripts now held in different collections; Lincoln, Cathedral Library MS 91, the "Lincoln Thornton" manuscript, and British Library MS Additional 31042, the "London Thornton" manuscript. A number of candidates had been suggested for the scribe's identity, but he is now firmly identified as Robert Thornton, a relatively prosperous provincial landowner of the manor of East Newton, Stonegrave, in the North Riding of Yorkshire. The Thornton family had possessed East Newton Hall since the time of Edward I; Robert's parents are commemorated in the church at Stonegrave.
Thornton appears to have started to compile a collection of works for his own and his family's pleasure and instruction; he was essentially a gentleman-amateur in a field usually dominated by professional scriveners and ecclesiastical scribes. Rather than copying works at random, he made some attempt to edit romances, religious works and works on medicine or herblore into different "booklets" within the manuscript. He wrote in a practised but rather untidy hand, adding a few simple decorative flourishes such as grotesque drolleries or ornamental scrollwork. 
Thornton's tastes were fairly wide-ranging; the Lincoln manuscript reveals a liking for Arthurian romances, and he seems to have particularly appreciated alliterative verse, resulting in the preservation of some of the finest examples of the genre (notably The "Alliterative Morte Arthure" and "Wynnere and Wastoure"). The texts enable us to gain some insight into the way such manuscripts were used, perhaps with members of a family using it on one night to refer to a recipe, and on another to read a romance or even to take part in a dramatic performance. 
After Thornton's death, the manuscripts remained in the hands of his descendants for many years; the name of Thornton's son William appears on folio 49.v of the Lincoln manuscript, in addition to the names of other family members elsewhere. However, by 1700 (when it was seen there by the antiquary Bishop Thomas Tanner) it had reached the library of Lincoln Cathedral, probably having been obtained by the cathedral's Dean Michael Honywood between 1660 and 1681.
As many libraries of manuscripts were lost during the Dissolution of the Monasteries, Thornton's private anthology became an extremely rare survival.

</doc>
<doc id="19816013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816013" title="Lees Knowles">
Lees Knowles

Sir Lees Knowles, 1st Baronet, (16 February 1857 – 7 October 1928) was a British barrister, military historian and Conservative politician.
He was the son of John Knowles and Elizabeth Lees of Green Bank, Oldham, Lancashire whose family owned Andrew Knowles and Sons, collieries in the Irwell Valley. He was educated at Rugby School and at Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a prominent athlete at both institutions and became president of the Cambridge University Athletics Club. He studied law, and was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1882.
He was involved in Unionist politics, and stood unsuccessfully for the Conservatives at Leigh in the 1885 general election.
In the following year, another general election was held, and Knowles was returned as Member of Parliament for Salford West. From 1887 to 1892 he held an appointment as unpaid parliamentary secretary to Charles Ritchie, President of the Local Government Board. He held a similar post when Ritchie became President of the Board of Trade in 1895. From 1896 to 1906 he was Second Church Estates Commissioner. In 1903 he was created a baronet, "of Westwood in the County of Lancaster". His parliamentary career came to an end when he lost his seat at the 1906 general election.
Knowles had a great interest in military history, and wrote a number of books on the life of Napoleon. In 1912 he made a bequest to his "alma mater", Trinity College. This established the Lees Knowles Lectureship, an annual series of talks on military science given by distinguished military and naval figures.
He held a commission as an officer in the Volunteer Force and its successor the Territorial Force, reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. At various times he commanded the 3rd, 7th and 8th battalions of the Lancashire Fusiliers. He subsequently became the vice-chairman of the Lancashire Territorial Army Association.
In 1915 he married Lady Nina Ogilvy, youngest daughter of the 10th Earl of Seafield. They had no children.
Knowles was a philanthropist, supporting a number of charities, notably the Guinness Trust for Housing the Poor. He died in October 1928, aged 71.
Two roads in Llandudno, North Wales, are named in his honour: Lees Road and Knowles Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19816014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816014" title="Ruleta">
Ruleta

Ruleta is the second album from singer Zayra Alvarez. It was first released in 2004 by Brando Records and distributed by Sony International. This version contained only Spanish language songs.
Following Zayra's appearances on "", where her song "Lluvia de Mar" was the only Spanish language song in the competition, the album was re-released in September 2006. This version features a significantly different tracklisting and artwork. The fifteen tracks include: eight of the original Spanish songs, an English rerecording of "Por Siempre" ("Forever"), one song from her previous English release Breaking Up Gray Skies ("So Long") as well as four previously unreleased English language songs.
As with Breaking Up Gray Skies, Zayra's surname does not appear on the cover art for either release.
Singles.
Although no physical singles were produced from this album, music videos were made for both "Hoy" and "Cada Momento"
The song "Lluvia de Mar" received exposure when Zayra chose to perform it on "" as her original song choice on August 15, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19816039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816039" title="LMT Connection">
LMT Connection

LMT Connection is a Niagara-based funk and soul trio. The band has been together since 1989, and have recorded four studio albums. Blending R&B, funk, and jazz, they described their sound as "Universal Soul", which is also the title of their third studio CD, released in the fall of 2003. They've played over 4000 shows, toured Europe six times over the past two years and most recently, they were invited to open for BB King.
History.
LMT Connection was formed in 1984 when Mark Rogers, while attending a show at a club in Niagara Falls approached Leroy Emmanuel, the guitar player of the featured band that night, and telling him they needed to play together. A year later, Emmanuel returned to Niagara Falls and reunited with Rogers. For four years, Leroy Emmanuel and Mark Rogers toured North America with a 10-piece Motown band which was advertised with "Tight Detroit funk mixed with a fresh, hard hittin' drumming energy.". When the tour came to its end in 1989 the two found added a third member Ottawa native bassist John Irvine, forming LMT Connection.
Discography.
Their first album, released in 1992, is "Sometime Later", an all-original album of classic, sophisticated R&B. Then in 1999 they followed with "Outta Control", a dynamic CD capturing the energy of their live show. Their third CD "Universal Soul" is an all-original CD combining the elements of classic Soul songwriting with an incredible live-off-the-floor studio performance.
"Color Me Funky" (2006).
"Features LMT as opening act for and introduced by the one and only B.B. King at Niagara Falls’ Avalon Ballrooom. LMT’s CMF cover art is also very funky, and features original artwork by Emmanuel’s talented and highly artistic daughter, Khea. This live CD/DVD recording captures LMT’s super high-energy live performances at their recorded best!".
"Universal Soul" (2003).
Dave Rave of Universal Soul said: "When you listen to this album or when you see LMT Connection play live you will hear true innovation. Clashing styles - jazz against funk, soul against true Rock 'n' Roll, history mixed with mystery. You'll remember the first time you heard Chuck Berry, Wes Montgomery, Soul Train and the funkiest of the funky.".
"Outta Control" (1999).
Gary of TO Nite said: "unlike in their live show, it doesn't take even a song, let alone a set, to move you right into the worshipsphere; it just kicks in at total high energy from the first track and notches up from there!"
"Sometime Later" (1992).
Martin Murray of "Pulse Magazine said "their music is also so totally different than anything anyone else is doing in this area, that these guys are pretty much in a class all by themselves. And yes they even managed to include Leroy's spoons solo! A great album from a band who are definitely destined for bigger things." 

</doc>
<doc id="19816040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816040" title="Air Italy destinations">
Air Italy destinations

The following were scheduled and leisure destinations of Air Italy until they ceased operations in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19816052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816052" title="Liberal Party of Canada leadership election, 2009">
Liberal Party of Canada leadership election, 2009

The Liberal Party of Canada leadership election of 2009 was prompted by Stéphane Dion's announcement that he would not lead the Liberal Party of Canada into another election, following his party's defeat in the 2008 federal election in Canada. The Liberals, who captured just slightly over 26 per cent of the total votes, scored their lowest percentage in the party's history to that date.
The party's national executive met on November 8, 2008, to set rules for the contest, and chose a date and location for the convention. A biennial and leadership convention was held in Vancouver, British Columbia from April 30 to May 3, 2009, with the new leader being chosen on May 2. Delegates to the convention were chosen from March 6–10, 2009 by those Liberal Party members who joined on or before February 6, 2009.
As a result of the 2008 Canadian parliamentary crisis, culminating in Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's successful appeal on December 4, 2008, to Governor General Michaëlle Jean to prorogue Parliament until January 26, 2009, there were calls by a number of prominent Liberals, including Michael Ignatieff and Bob Rae, for the leadership election process to be accelerated, so that there would be a new permanent leader in place by the time that Parliament resumed. Former Deputy Prime Minister and former Finance Minister John Manley, writing in "The Globe and Mail" on December 6, 2008, called for Dion to resign immediately. Dion issued a statement on December 8 agreeing to move up his resignation.
Rae and Ignatieff disagreed on how to accelerate the process, with Ignatieff favouring a vote by caucus on December 10, 2008, to select an interim leader who would then be confirmed as permanent leader in May 2009, and Rae calling for a One Member One Vote method involving the entire Liberal Party membership, to be conducted in January 2009.
On December 8, 2008, Dominic LeBlanc withdrew from the race and threw his support to Michael Ignatieff. That evening the party executive agreed to a compromise proposal that would widen the leadership consultation process to include riding association presidents, defeated election candidates and others but rejected Rae's OMOV proposal. On December 9, 2008, Bob Rae withdrew from the race, leaving Michael Ignatieff as the presumed victor.
As well as ratifying Ignatieff's leadership with the support of 97% of delegates, the convention approved an amendment to the party's constitution to institute a One Member One Vote system for the election of future leaders. A proposal to adopt a weighted system where 25% of the vote in leadership elections would be reserved for members of the party's youth wing was defeated.
Declared candidates.
The following candidates declared their intention to run for the leadership:
Michael Ignatieff.
Member of Parliament for Etobicoke—Lakeshore; first elected in 2006; former leadership front-runner in 2006 before being defeated by Stéphane Dion on the final ballot; Deputy Liberal Leader since 2006.
Withdrawn candidates.
Dominic LeBlanc.
Member of Parliament for Beauséjour, first elected in 2000, fluently bilingual Acadian with deep roots in the party. His father, Roméo, was press secretary to Pierre Trudeau, later an MP and cabinet minister, and eventually became Governor General. On October 27, LeBlanc became the first candidate to declare his candidacy for the Liberal Party leadership. On December 8, 2008, LeBlanc withdrew from the leadership race and endorsed Michael Ignatieff.
Bob Rae.
Member of Parliament for Toronto Centre; first elected in 2008; former NDP Premier of Ontario; former leadership contender. Rae had been under increasing pressure to bow out of the leadership contest. On December 9, 2008, Bob Rae officially withdrew from the race, leaving Michael Ignatieff the winner by default.

</doc>
<doc id="19816053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816053" title="Sauripterus">
Sauripterus

Sauripterus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19816057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816057" title="Kerala Congress (B)">
Kerala Congress (B)

Kerala Congress (B) is a registered-unrecognized political party in Kerala, formed by R. Balakrishna Pillai, a former minister of the government of Kerala. At present, the party has one MLA in the state Legislative Assembly, namely K. B. Ganesh Kumar, who has been representing the Pathanapuram constituency in Kollam District since 2001. The Kerala Congress (B) is a constituent of the Congress-led United Democratic Front(UDF). K B Ganesh Kumar served as a minister (portfolio in Forest, Sports and Cinema) in the present UDF government led by Oommen Chandy beginning May 18, 2011 until his resignation on April 01, 2013.
Balkrishna Pillai was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1971 and the State Assembly eight times since 1960. However, in the 2006 election he was defeated by a little-known opponent belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). His son K. B. Ganesh Kumar, a Malayalam film and television actor, made his electoral debut in 2001, when he was elected from Pathanapuram. He went on to become Transport Minister in the A. K. Antony cabinet. He is currently the Acting Chairman of the Kerala Congress (B) and Minister for Forest, Sports, and Cinema.
The Party fielded two candidates in the 2011 election to the Kerala Assembly. N N Murali, a well known surgeon, is the party's candidate from Kottarakkara. Ganesh Kumar achieved a hat-trick win from the Pathanapuram constituency. But N N Muarli is defeated by his relative and LDF cantidate Ms Ayisha Potti and only Mr K.B.Ganesh Kumar could become MLA.

</doc>
<doc id="19816059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816059" title="Screbinodus">
Screbinodus

Screbinodus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19816077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816077" title="Oomalama">
Oomalama

Oomalama is the debut album by Scottish Pop rock band Eugenius released in 1992. The band had released one single and an EP on Paperhouse Records prior to this album, however, Oomalama was their first release under Atlantic Records. 
The album was released when the band members of Eugenius consisted of Eugene Kelly (guitar and vocals), Gordon Keen (guitar), Raymond Boyle (bass) and Roy Lawrence (drums), however, most of the songs were recorded prior to Boyle's and Lawrence's introduction to the band, and therefore these members do not appear much on the album.
Track listing.
All songs by Eugene Kelly except where noted.
Bonus tracks.
"Wow!", "Bed-In" and "Wannabee" were previously released on Eugenius' debut EP (released when the band was called "Captain America"), the EP also featured a B-Side titled "God Bless Les paul".
"Flame On", "Buttermilk" and "Indian Summer" were previously released on Eugenius' "Flame On" EP, (also released when the band was called "Captain America").

</doc>
<doc id="19816087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816087" title="Uncial 0116">
Uncial 0116

Uncial 0116 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 58 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 8th-century. Formerly it was labelled at first by R (Griesbach and Scholz), then by Wb (Tischendorf), because letter R was reserved for Codex Nitriensis.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Matthew 19:14-28; 20:23-21:2; 26:52-27:1; Mark 13:21-14:67; Luke 3:1-4:20, on 14 thick parchment leaves (26 cm by 20 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in oblong uncial letters, leaning to the right.
It contains the Ammonian Sections numbers, without references to the Eusebian Canons (erased), and lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use).
It is a palimpsests.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
The codex was examined by Griesbach and Scholz.
In 1843 it was exposed to chemicals by Tischendorf, who collated its text. Tischendorf pronounces to be an Evangelistarium.
The codex now is located in the Biblioteca Nazionale (II C 15), in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="19816091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816091" title="Karlina Leksono Supelli">
Karlina Leksono Supelli

Karlina Leksono Supelli (born in Jakarta 15 January 1958) is an Indonesian philosopher and astronomer. One of Indonesia's first female astronomers, she obtained her MSc in Space Science from the University College London, but switched to philosophy and her completed her doctorate at Universitas Indonesia in 1997.
She has also been known to participate in humanitarian activities during Indonesia's 1998 Reformation. Under the leadership of Karlina Supelli, in February 1998 a group of concerned mothers held a demonstration in front of the HI (Hotel Indonesia). As a result, she was arrested with two other women, Gadis Arivia and Wilarish. 
A feminist, Karlina also took part in revealing and defending the rights of victims of the Indonesian riots of May 1998, when hundreds of Chinese Indonesian women were raped in Jakarta. She went to the USA to persuade the US government to stop their export of weapons into Indonesia, resulting in death threats because of her activities. However, she was not deterred. She was also active in defending the rights of the Acehnese and East Timorese women who have been raped by members of the Indonesian army.
Karlina has lectured philosophy and astronomy in several Indonesian universities. Her writings have been published in journals in both Indonesia and abroad. She is now a lecturer in Sekolah Tinggi Filsafat Driyarkara (Driyarkara High School of Philosophy), Jakarta.

</doc>
<doc id="19816093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816093" title="Sanjiva Weerawarana">
Sanjiva Weerawarana

Sanjiva Weerawarana is a CEO, software developer and open source evangelist. He is known for:
He is currently Chairman and CEO of WSO2 Inc. He lives in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He is a visiting professor and lecturer at the University of Moratuwa and a board alumnus of the Open Source Initiative.
Background.
Weerawarana attended Kent State University, majoring in applied mathematics / computer science, before completing a PhD at Purdue University. He then joined IBM Research working in Hawthorne, New York, until he left to found the startup WSO2. He currently lives in Colombo.
Open Source.
Weerawarana has been involved with the Apache Software Foundation since 2000 when he worked on the original Apache SOAP project. Weerawarana is an elected Member of the Foundation and is a committer on several projects. A complete and current listing of Apache projects in which he is involved is available here: Apache Committers.
In 2004 he founded the Lanka Software Foundation to encourage involvement in Open Source from Sri Lankans. And he is a director there.
Publications.
Weerawarana has many research publications. A full list is available here: [http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/db/indices/a-tree/w/Weerawarana:Sanjiva.html]
Notable research publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="19816097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816097" title="Gretar Tryggvason">
Gretar Tryggvason

Gretar Tryggvason is the Viola D. Hank Professor of Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering Department at the University of Notre Dame. He is known for developing a "front tracking method" to simulate multiphase flows and free surface flows. Tryggvason is the Editor-in-Chief of "Journal of Computational Physics".
Area of research.
Tryggvason has been a leading worker computational fluid dynamics and numerical methods. He is well known for his research on numerical simulations of vortex flows, multiphase flows, free surface flows, and flows with phase changes. For simulating multiphase flows, he and his co-workers have developed a front tracking method that incorporates an unstructured, moving grid within an underlying Eulerian grid.

</doc>
<doc id="19816098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816098" title="Ma Kelu">
Ma Kelu

Ma Kelu (born April 8, 1954, Shanghai) is a Chinese painter. He first rose to prominence in the late 1970s and early 1980s as a member of the No Name Group, a circle of largely self-taught, underground artists based in Beijing, who worked in direct contravention of the Chinese government's official sponsorship of Socialist Realism. After the crackdown against avante garde artists during the "anti-spiritual pollution" campaign in 1986, he began to show his paintings in galleries in Berlin, New York, Boston, London, and Vancouver. In 2006, Ma's work was featured in the "No Name Group Retrospective" in Beijing, curated by internationally renowned Chinese art historian and critic Gao Minglu.
Life and works.
Ma Kelu is an artist that has always stayed away from the mainstream and has never compromised to it. Due to unfortunate occurrence during Ma’s early years, he has never received formal painting classes and wasn’t even able to afford proper drawing materials. Despite the poverty, his family was very supportive and saved every penny to buy Ma the necessary tools to paint. Ma Kelu moved to Beijing with his father in 1960, and entered primary school in 1961. In 1968, he entered the Beijing 23 Secondary School, and started painting with Chan Fosheng as his teacher. In 1969, he got to know Wei Hai and Zhou Maiyou and together they discussed art. He was sent down to a village in 1970. He returned to Beijing in 1972 and worked in the Chaoyangmennei Restaurant, managed by the Food and Drinks Company of the Eastern District. In 1972-73, he met Zhang Wei, Li Shan, Shi Xixi, Zheng Ziyan, Bao Lean, Wei Hai, and Wang Aihe, and they regularly went out painting together. In 1974, he worked in the mechanical maintenance group of the Food and Drinks Company. In the same year, e met Zhao Wenliang, Yang Yushu, and Shi Zhenyu, and his painting style was influenced by Zhao and Yang. He also participated in an underground art exhibition of what was to become the Wuming (No Name) Painters Group.The exhibition was held at the home of Zahng Wei (room 305, Fusuijing Buuilding, Beijing). He then participated in the first and second public exhibitions of the Wuming Painters Group in Beijing in 1979 and 1981. He resigned from his work to become a freelance artist in September 1984. In early 1988, he traveled to Germany, Sweden, and Denmark. He settled in New York at the end of October. In 1989, he was offered a scholarship to study art in the Painting and Sculpting School in Main. In 1989 and 1990, he studied in the Arts Department, Empire State College, State University of New York. He moved back to Beijing in 2006 and set up a studio inBeigao, the rural part of Beijing. Painting, precisely speaking, is where Ma Kelu’s interest lies. He sees himself as a “growing artist,” who holds and open-minded and studious attitude, as well as adaptive and creative abilities. 
Ma enjoys painting so much because it has brought him immense amount of joy. Painting brought him comfort, offered him the opportunity to express himself, and allowed him an escape from reality during the time of Cultural Revolution. Between 1970 and 1972, Ma was sent to the countryside to do manual labor along with many of his peers. Besides being forced to toil in the fields, he often had to walk two miles to paint, so as to avoid the suspicious eyes in his village. In the wilderness, landscapes became a major theme of his painting. Returning to Beijing, he gradually became close with a group of other self-taught young painters. These painters, like Ma, were tired of the dominance of socialist-realist art. They of-ten gathered together in parks or the suburbs to paint landscapes. In order to avoid been noticed and to make their tools more portable, they modified small tool boxes into all-in-one paint¬ing kits. As a result, most of their paintings were small, normally about 60 square inches each.
Life in America.
In 1980s, Ma decided to leave China to see the world and when he left China his artwork started to change, he started to work on abstract art. Ma didn’t paint much outdoors and worked almost exclusively in a studio. Living in a foreign country was not easy. Persisting with his art and his dream of keeping his studios. He made his living by sketching in the streets of New York City. Ma was not able to find huge success by selling his abstract art and so he relied on his old paintings that he had brought along with him during his travel to the States. He made photographic prints and sold them on the streets of New York. First he found his fortune selling his old paintings tough, but gradually situation improved and more and more people started asking Ma for the originals. However, Ma rejected any requests for the originals as those paintings were precious memories of the past, the jewels he keeps for himself. Ma did not want to part ways with his paintings until one day, when an elderly American couple insisted on buying his original works. Ma understood that with his old paintings he was able to bring about an emotion that was peaceful and calm for his clients. Ma’s works are able to give the viewers hope, hope during times of trouble and turmoil. Just as Ma always was able to possess hope and happiness by paintings outdoors for many many hours.
In 2006 Ma moved back to China so that he can provide a better living environment for his son, a young artist and musician who was suffering from depression. Yet, in 2007, only two weeks after Ma’s father had died his committed suicide. To overcome these pain and hurt of losing two close family members, Ma has created fierce works including abstract strokes and bright colors, his son’s favorite colors.
Exhibitions.
Ma Kelu's artwork has been exhibited in Asia, Canada, Europe, and in United States. Solo exhibitions include TRA Gallery, Beiejing (2006), Crystal Foundation art Gallery, New York (2005), Gallery Z, Buffalo, New York (1996), Gallery 456, Soho, New York (1995), China Gallery, berling (1993), GDCF, Berlin (1988). 
Ma Kelu's work has been included in TRA Gallery, Beijing (2007), YQK Deshan ARt Space, Beijing (2006-2007), Guangdong Museum, Guangzhou (2006-2007), Shanghai Zhengda Museum of Modern Art, Shanghai (2006-2007), Tshue Chen Gallery, New York (2006), "The First Exhibition of the American Research Association of Eastern and Western Arts", New York (2005), Stewart Center Art Gallery, Purdue University, USA (1998), Art Beatus Gallery, Vancouver (1997), The Rotunda Gallery, New York (1997), Nassau St. 116, New York (1997), Michael Goedhuis, London (1996), Lincoln Center, New York (1995), King Gallery, New York (1993), The Artist Museum of Loze, Poland (1992), Z Gallery, New York (1991, 1990), City College Art Gallery, New York (1989), Nilson Gallery, Boston (1988), New House Center for Contemporary Art, New York (1988), "Thirty Artist", Beijing (1986), Jian Wai Gong Yu, Beijing (1985), Chao Yang Theater, Beijing (1985), 2nd Exhibition, Beihai Park, Beijing (1981), 1st Exhibition, Beihai Park, Beijing (1979), Jingshan Park, Beijing (1978)
He has recently exhibited in galleries at the 798 Art Zone, and at Beijing's Yuan Center.
While he began, like the other members of the No Name Group, to paint in the post-Impressionist style that was outlawed in China during the Cultural Revolution, his later work tends toward minimalism and abstraction. He has also painted a recent series of large-scale landscapes in the classical Chinese style, that are then glazed over with a thick layer of wax to create an ethereal, distorted effect.
Wuming Painting Group.
The Wuming Painting Group was an early group of contemporary Chinese artists noted for experimentation with a number of late-19th and early-20th-century Western styles including Impressionism, Post-Impressionism, and Fauvism. Although their paintings do not appear particularly radical in their treatment of content or form, the very act of painting non-revolutionary subject matter in non-naturalistic styles, was not accepted by the establishment at the time. Wuming comes from two generations, diverse class backgrounds, various working positions, and some pre-existing circles of close friends. Figures of the older generation have much in common: all were born before the establishment of the PRC; all came from families defined as “class enemies” by 1950; all took entrance examinations and were rejected by art schools or academies; and all learned art largely by themselves. 
Most of the artists in this group made salaries between sixteen and forty some "yuan" per month. They had no stuiods and little money for paint and canvas. Due to a limited budget the group used paper from ordinary darwing paper costing twenty-five cents per sheet to thicker watercolor paper costing seventy-five, and they brushed boiled bone glue or geeo paste on it to prepare the surface. The group labored six days a week, eight hours plus two hours of political study per day. The only time they could paint wasi n the few hours after work and on their one day off during the week. 
A large proportion of their paintings are landscapes, made in and out of Beijing, depicting mountains and water, flowers and trees, sunshine and moonlight. They also painted human figures and still lifes. The Wuming group was exploring humanity, searching for qualities of compassion, empaty, and dignity in images of friends, neighbors, and strangers. 
Their catalogue includes thirteen volumes, each about a single artist. Paintings within each volume are cenetered on Wuming period while stretching throughout the artist's career, thereby allowing study of both group and individual development. 
Members: Ma Kelu, Liu Shi, Shi Zhenyu (Founding Member), Shi Xixi, Tian Shuying, Wang Aihe, Wei Hai, Yang Yushu (Founding Member), Zhang Da'an (Founding Member), Zhao Wenliang (Founding Member), and Zheng Ziyan.
Active primarily from mid 1960s to late 1970s. 
On July 7, 1979, the first public exhibition of the Wuming painting group opened in Beijing’s Beihai Park.
Ma Kelu's involvement.
Ma Kelu and his Wuming Group spent a lot of time painting and sketching outdoors for hours because at the time there was no such concept as a “studio” for artists to work in. Due to many works done outdoors Make Lu became extremely sensitive to the divisions of day and night and to the changing season. When he was young, he completed hundreds of paintings and these works brought him the strength and happiness to resists against the deadening political atmosphere. In the early 1970s Ma Kelu and Wuming began painting from nature, haunting the streets of Beijing and Diaoyutai. 
Many of Ma Kelu’s paintings have been paintings of bell towers, drum towers, Shishahai, or the Yinding Bridge because his home was close to these places. And his paintings reveal the noisy life of the city folk. 
Between 1975 and 1977, the Wuming group painters often traveled to the seaside at Beidaihe to paint en plein air, the group’s primary medium of creation. Ma Kelu experienced some struggles as he and his groups were working on en plein air paintings. For one the seven-hour train ride from Beijing was a luxury for the poor artists at the time. Moreover, Ma Kelu found it difficult to paint the sea. When painting the sea, the clear green water and blue sky looked like a swimming pool and realistic renditions often looked fake. The conditions were challenging, as the strong offshore wind blew away the clouds and brought a scattering of dirt and sand. This created problems for smooth progress in the creation of his paintings.
Quotes.
“Life itself is an incident, perplexing, uncertain and helpless. Facing it is the only option”

</doc>
<doc id="19816101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816101" title="Charles Gordon O'Neill">
Charles Gordon O'Neill

Charles Gordon O'Neill (23 March 1828 – 8 November 1900) was a Scottish-Australasian civil engineer, inventor, parliamentarian and philanthropist, and a co-founder of the St Vincent de Paul Society in Australia and New Zealand.
Biography.
He was born in Glasgow and studied civil engineering and mechanics at the University of Glasgow. He worked on the city's public works for 14 years, rising to become chief assistant in the Public Works Office. He served as a captain in the Third Lanarkshire Rifle Volunteers, and was active in the Society of St Vincent de Paul, becoming secretary at Dumbarton (1851), president of the Superior Council of Glasgow (1863), and a member of the Council General in Paris. He emigrated to New Zealand in 1864.
Political career.
He arrived in Otago in January 1864, where he was a Member of Parliament for the Goldfields electorate in the Otago Region (elected on 26 February 1866 during the 1866 general election; dissolution of the 4th New Zealand Parliament on 30 December 1870), and then for the Thames electorate (elected on 9 February 1871 during the 1871 general election; dissolution of the 5th New Zealand Parliament on 6 December 1875).
Later life and death.
He moved to Australia in 1881. He died in Sydney on 8 November 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="19816102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816102" title="Al Baird">
Al Baird

Albert Wells Baird (June 2, 1895 – November 27, 1976) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played parts of the 1917 and 1919 seasons for the New York Giants. Between his playing days he served in the military during World War I. Baird was born in Cleburne, Texas and died in Shreveport, Louisiana. He batted and threw right-handed. He went to college at Centenary College of Louisiana and Louisiana State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19816131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816131" title="CCRG">
CCRG

CCRG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19816142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816142" title="It4communities">
It4communities

iT4Communities (iT4C) is a UK national IT volunteering charity that introduces volunteer IT professionals to charities needing IT help and support.
iT4C was set up the Worshipful Company of Information Technologists, the 100th City of London Livery Company in 2002 and since then has registered over 5,500 IT volunteers and more than 2,500 charities. iT4C has delivered over £3.25 million worth of pro bono IT support to the UK voluntary and community sector thanks to the work of the dedicated volunteers.
Since January 2010 iT4Communities has been a project of AbilityNet, the national computing and disability charity.
How it Works.
iT4C provides IT support to all UK charities, voluntary and community groups, and social enterprises. Organisations contact iT4C to request a volunteer and the iT4C Project Definers discuss their requirements and develop a project definition to publish on the iT4C RSS Feed and in the iT4C search pages accessible to registered volunteers.
The volunteers can search the opportunities and choose which ones suit them best. They then contact the charity and work together to take the project forward to completion. iT4Communities staff remain on hand throughout the project to offer help, advice and support.
iT4C IT Volunteering Awards.
iT4C holds an annual National IT Volunteering Awards to celebrate the best and most innovative IT volunteers and IT volunteering projects. The Awards are open to charitable organisations and individuals who have worked together on an IT volunteering project.
The winning charities each receive £500 prize money and national recognition.
Case Studies.
There are many examples of successful projects available on the website ranging from quick and easy spam projects to longer and more complex database and website development.

</doc>
<doc id="19816148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816148" title="Dardanup, Western Australia">
Dardanup, Western Australia

Dardanup is a small town in the South West region of Western Australia. The town is in the fertile Ferguson valley and is near the Ferguson River.
The area was first settled in 1852 by Thomas Little who named his property "Dardanup Park". The word Dardanup is believed to be a variation of the Indigenous Australian word "Dudingup" the meaning of which is unknown.
Construction of the local Agricultural Hall commenced in 1893 by J. and H. Gibbs who had submitted the lowest tender. The Hall, constructed of Jarrah and weatherboard, was opened in 1894 by the Hon. H. W. Venn.
The population of the area was 118 (81 males and 37 females) in 1898. 
Little later gave land to the Catholic Church and a community was soon established in the locale. The government acquired land in the area in the 1920s and the townsite was gazetted in 1923.
Just outside Dardanup is the tourist attraction called "Gnomesville." Gnomesville is a collection of hundreds of Garden Gnomes left by visitors in a wooded area at the intersection of Furguson Road and Wellington Lowdon Road. The collection started as a protest over the construction of a traffic circle at the intersection. Gnomes were left by anonymous protestors and over 20 years the collection has grown. Visitors from all over the world as well as local school groups and organizations now add to the collection every year.

</doc>
<doc id="19816159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816159" title="Al Corwin">
Al Corwin

Elmer Nathan "Al" Corwin (December 3, 1926 – October 23, 2003) was an American professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in Major League Baseball between – for the New York Giants. The Newburgh, New York, native stood tall and weighed .
Corwin signed with the Giants in 1948 and was his only full year in the big leagues. As a Giant, he appeared in 117 games pitched, 22 as a starter. He compiled a won-lost record of 18–10 and an earned run average of 3.98 in 289⅓ innings pitched, allowing 289 hits and 156 bases on balls, with 142 strikeouts and five saves. Corwin made one appearance in the 1951 World Series. In Game 5, in a mop-up relief role, he hurled 1⅔ scoreless innings in a 13–1 victory by the eventual champion New York Yankees.
He retired in 1960 after 13 professional seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="19816160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816160" title="Arthur McNutt Cochran">
Arthur McNutt Cochran

Arthur McNutt Cochran (October 16, 1811 – 1883) was a merchant, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1863.
He was born in Newport, Nova Scotia, the son of Terrance Cochran and Elizabeth Weir. At the age of 16, he joined his brother Loran De Wolf in business in Halifax, later setting up in business for himself in Maitland. He also operated a farm. In 1839, he married Susan Weir. Cochran was a justice of the peace, a school commissioner for East Hants and also served in the local militia for a time. In 1875, he was named to the province's Legislative Council.
His brother Felix also served in the assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19816185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816185" title="David Schildknecht">
David Schildknecht

David Schildknecht is an American wine critic, a full-time member of "The Wine Advocate" tasting team since 2006, and contributor to recent editions of Robert Parker's "Wine Buyer’s Guide". An authority on the wine of Germany and Austria, he also considers the Loire Valley a specialty, a wine region he has described as "the bargain garden of France". He currently covers the French regions of the Loire Valley, Alsace, Beaujolais, Burgundy, Champagne, the Jura, the Savoie and (through calendar 2013) the Languedoc-Roussillon, as well as Austria, Germany and other central Europe wine producing regions, and additionally Oregon, the American East Coast and Midwest wines. 
Schildknecht - who worked in Washington DC with Rex Wine & Spirits from 1981, with Mayflower Wine and Spirits, and with Pearson’s - regularly assembled and presented wines from German growers for Parker's reports in "The Wine Advocate" from 1990 through 1993. From 1985-1995, he reported from Austria, Germany, selected regions of France and Hungary for Stephen Tanzer's "International Wine Cellar."" "From 1997 to early 2007, when his duties at The Wine Advocate were expanded to include French wines, Schildknecht imported wines of France for Ohio-based wine importer and distributor Vintner Select.
Schildknecht has authored substantial portions of the 7th edition of Robert Parker's Wine Buyer's Guide and Robert Parker's Wine Bargains as well as the material on German wines in the third edition of "The Oxford Companion to Wine", and has contributed as feature writer and columnist to Wine & Spirits, "The World of Fine Wine", and Austria's Vinaria. On the subject of TCA taint, Schildknecht has presented his views on stoppers on the website of Jancis Robinson.
Eric Asimov has described Schildknecht as "one of the most learned and thoughtful wine writers around".

</doc>
<doc id="19816195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816195" title="Uncial 0118">
Uncial 0118

Uncial 0118 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 62 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 8th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small fragment of the Gospel of Matthew 11:27-28, on one parchment leaves (11 cm by 10 cm). It is written in 10 lines per page, in uncial letters. The letters are large and leaned into right; it has breathings and accents.
The text-type of the Greek text of this codex is unknown. Text is too brief to classify. Aland did not placed it in any Category.
<poem>
ΤΙΣΕΠΙΓΙΝΩΣ
ΚΑΙΩΕΑΝΒΟΥ
ΠΟΚΑΛΥ[Ψ]ΑΙ.
ΠΑΝΤΕΣΟΙΚΟ
ΠΕΦΟΡΤΙΣΜΕ
</poem>
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
The codex was found in the end of the 19th-century by J. Rendel Harris in the Saint Catherine's Monastery, in Sinai peninsula, where is located to the present day (Sinai Harris 6).

</doc>
<doc id="19816199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816199" title="Üllar Saaremäe">
Üllar Saaremäe

Üllar Saaremäe (born November 23, 1969) is an Estonian actor, director and punk band singer. He was married to Tiina Mälberg and they have son Karl Robert and daughter Marii Ingriin. 
He was the author of the concept and the producer of Estonian Punk Song Festival in 2008, thereafter he revived the Estonian Volunteer of the Year national award.
Filmography.
Films
Television

</doc>
<doc id="19816202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816202" title="Brunei national football team results">
Brunei national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Brunei national football team.
References.
http://www.fifa.com/associations/association=bru/fixturesresults/gender=m/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="19816216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816216" title="Faintheart">
Faintheart

Faintheart is a 2008 film, the first to be created using input from an online site.
The film was a result of a collaborative effort from Myspace, Vertigo films and Film4. The resulting group, MyMovieMashUp, sought to harness the talents of the online community and to enable them to be involved in the film-making process. Various cast and crew members were picked from the MySpaceUK website to work on the project, a unique tactic in the film-making industry. Although the casting and soundtrack were assembled with the help of Myspace, the screenplay was written by UK-based writer David Lemon.
Professional Viking re-enactors from UK-based company "The Vikings" formed part of the cast alongside Britannia Romano-British society.
Also a specialist stunt team from East 15 Acting School took part in filming the large battles under the Fight Direction of Richard Ryan.

</doc>
<doc id="19816223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816223" title="Neos destinations">
Neos destinations

As for Summer 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="19816226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816226" title="Embassy of Syria, Washington, D.C.">
Embassy of Syria, Washington, D.C.

The Embassy of Syria in Washington, D.C. () is the diplomatic mission of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United States. On March 8, 1930, former President William Howard Taft died in this home. He had lived in this house for 9 years. The chancery is located at 2215 Wyoming Avenue in the Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, D.C.. 
Recent Protests.
During February 2012, many people have protested at the Embassy, condemning the violent government crackdown against the popular uprising taking place in Syria. These protests have partially been caused by the rejection of China and Russia of a proposed resolution, during a UNSC emergency session. Such protests have occurred in other Syrian Embassies worldwide, such as London and Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="19816238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816238" title="Breaking Up Gray Skies">
Breaking Up Gray Skies

Breaking Up Gray Skies is the debut album from singer Zayra Alvarez. Her surname does not appear on the cover for the release.

</doc>
<doc id="19816241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816241" title="I've Got Your Number (song)">
I've Got Your Number (song)

"I've Got Your Number" is the debut solo single by Australian singer Cheyne Coates, after her departure from duo dance band Madison Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19816250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816250" title="Charles Edward Perugini">
Charles Edward Perugini

Charles Edward Perugini (1 September 1839 – 22 December 1918), originally Carlo Perugini, was an Italian-born English painter of the Victorian era.
Biography.
Perugini was born in Naples, but lived with his family in England from the ages of six to seventeen. He trained in Italy under Giuseppe Bonolis and Giuseppe Mancinelli, and in Paris under Ary Scheffer. He became a protégé of Lord Leighton, who brought him back to England in 1863. Perugini may at first have worked as Leighton's studio assistant. Under Leighton's influence, he began as a painter of classical scenes; then "he turned to the more profitable pastures of portrait painting, and genre pictures of pretty women and children."
In 1874, he married the youngest daughter of novelist Charles Dickens; as Kate Perugini she pursued her own artistic career, sometimes collaborating with her husband. Perugini's 1878 picture "A Girl Reading", perhaps his best-known single work, is in the collection of the Manchester Art Gallery. It was bequeathed by James Thomas Blair in 1917.
Perugini's portrait of Sophy Gray, the sister-in-law of Pre-Raphaelite painter Sir John Everett Millais, was for many years mistaken for a work by Millais himself.
Perugini and his wife maintained an active social life in artistic circles of their era. He died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19816283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816283" title="Digital Audio Control Protocol">
Digital Audio Control Protocol

Digital Audio Control Protocol (DACP) is a protocol used by the iTunes and other audio player and server applications on Mac, Windows and Linux computers, enabling remote control by mobile devices such as iPhone and Android phones and tablet computers. By connecting the personal computer to loudspeakers the mobile device is used as a two-way remote control, allowing selection and control of music playback within a traditional listening environment such as a home or apartment.
Clients.
Compliant DACP clients can connect to any DACP enabled server. Clients are available for multiple desktop and mobile platforms.
Servers.
Compliant DACP servers can accept connections from any DACP client. Multiple compliant servers are available for Mac, Windows and Linux platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19816308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816308" title="Andrew Cowie">
Andrew Cowie

Andrew Cowie (July 20, 1798 – 1890) was a Scottish-born leather manufacturer, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Liverpool township from 1851 to 1855 and Queen's County from 1859 to 1867 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Auchanbalrige in Banffshire, the son of William Cowie and Elizabeth Milne, and came to Halifax in 1816, settling in Liverpool two years later. He entered business as a dry goods merchant but later acquired a tannery and began to manufacture leather. In 1820, he married Janet More. For a time, Cowie was involved in the lumber trade, an occupation that most Cowie's go into at one point or another. He also operated a saddle and harness shop in partnership with his sons. Cowie also served as a magistrate.

</doc>
<doc id="19816319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816319" title="Taste You (Cheyne song)">
Taste You (Cheyne song)

"Taste You" is the second and final single to be taken from Australian singer Cheyne Coates debut album. 

</doc>
<doc id="19816322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816322" title="2008 Kuwait national football team results">
2008 Kuwait national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Kuwait national football team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19816328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816328" title="Yitzhak Vaknin">
Yitzhak Vaknin

Yitzhak Vaknin (, born 12 May 1958) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Shas.
Biography.
Between 1982 and 1987 Vaknin served as secretary of the Gornot HaGalil communal settlement. In 1988 he became chairman of the committee of Ya'ara, a position he held until 1996. Between 1988 and 1993 he also served as secretary of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council, and from 1993 until 1996 as the head of its religious council.
He was first elected to the Knesset in 1996. He retained his seat in the 1999 elections, and was appointed Deputy Minister of Communications on 5 August 1999, a role he held until 11 July 2000, when Shas resigned from the government. After Ariel Sharon formed a new government, Vaknin was appointed Deputy Minister of Labor and Social Welfare on 2 May 2001. He left the position on 20 May 2002, but returned to it on 3 June.
He retained his seat again in the 2003, 2006 and 2009 elections.
He is married with 5 children. 

</doc>
<doc id="19816338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816338" title="Anton Irv">
Anton Irv

Anton Irv (17 September 1886 – 27 April 1919) was an Estonian military officer during World War I and the Estonian War of Independence. Along with Karl Parts, he was the leader of Estonian armored trains. Anton Irv died in a Battle of Egle in Latvia.
Anton Irv was born in Sillaotsa (also Ülevarese) farmstead, Ruudi village, Viljandi Parish (now Viiratsi Parish), Viljandi County, Governorate of Livonia. Before World War I, Irv worked as a teacher. 
During the World War I, he served in the Imperial Russian Army. He showed his good leading abilities and courage which led to his being decorated with all four degrees of the Cross of St. George. In 1915, Irv was promoted to Captain. In the end of the World War he came to Estonia, to help assemble Estonian military forces to fight against advancing Red Army in the War of Independence. Irv became a battalion commander of the 1st Estonian Regiment. Later he also helped to organize the Division of Estonian Armoured Trains. Irv became a commander of that unit after Karl Parts got wounded. 
After rushing Soviets out of Estonian territory, Estonian Southern front moved into the territory of Latvia helping to liberate country from the units of Landeswehr. Irv was leading his unit in the battle near the railway station of Egle where he was suddenly killed.
Decorations.
Empire of Russia
Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="19816349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816349" title="Sphaerolobium">
Sphaerolobium

Sphaerolobium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia, occurring in all states and territories except the Northern Territory. 
Species include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19816378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816378" title="Nikolai Zubarev">
Nikolai Zubarev

Nikolai (Nikolay) Zubarev (10 January 1894 – January 1951) was a Russian chess master.
During World War I, he won ahead of Peter Yurdansky at Moscow 1915, and tied for 4-5th at Moscow 1916. After the war, he won twice Moscow City Chess Championship in 1927 and 1930. He also took 5th in 1919/20 (Alexander Alekhine won), took 3rd in 1920 (Josef Cukierman won), shared 6th in 1922/23 (Nikolai Grigoriev won), tied for 12-13th in 1925 (Aleksandr Sergeyev won), took 2nd behind Abram Rabinovich in 1926, tied for 5-6th in 1928 (Boris Verlinsky won), shared 6th in 1929 (Vasily Panov won), all in Moscow-ch, and took 21st in the Moscow 1925 chess tournament (Efim Bogoljubow won).
He participated several times in USSR Chess Championship; tied for 11-12th at Moscow 1920 (Alekhine won), took 10th at Petrograd 1923 (Peter Romanovsky won), tied for 11-13th at Leningrad 1925 (Bogoljubov won), took 4th at Odessa 1929 (quarter final), and took 18th at Leningrad 1933 (Mikhail Botvinnik won).
Awarded the International Master title in 1950, and the International Arbiter in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19816383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816383" title="1954 Cathay Pacific Douglas DC-4 shootdown">
1954 Cathay Pacific Douglas DC-4 shootdown

The Cathay Pacific Douglas DC-4 shootdown happened on 23 July 1954, when a Cathay Pacific Airways C-54 Skymaster airliner was shot down by fighter planes of the People's Republic of China. The event occurred off the coast of Hainan Island, where the plane was en route from Bangkok to Hong Kong, killing 10 of 19 passengers and crew on board.
Although the four-engined propeller-driven Douglas (registered "VR-HEU") was a C-54 Skymaster, the incident is known as "the DC-4 shootdown" because the C-54 is the military version of the Douglas DC-4, and the aircraft was flying a commercial passenger run. The crew of six was headed by British captain Phil Blown, and included three female flight attendants. In all, one flight crew member, two cabin crew members and seven of the thirteen passengers were killed in the attack and subsequent crash of the airliner.
Flight and attack.
After being delayed in Bangkok for an hour because of mechanical problems on its no. 2 engine, VR-HEU finally took off from Bangkok at 2019 GMT on 22 July, bound for Hong Kong. A previous flight had taken the plane from Singapore. For the next 4 hours and 25 minutes the routine flight proceeded as planned.
At 2340 GMT, when the DC-4 was cruising at 9,000 ft and roughly 10 miles east of the international air corridor line off Hainan Island and only 31 minutes from Hong Kong, two Lavochkin La-11 fighters (of the 85th Fighter Regiment, People's Liberation Army Air Force), appeared behind VR-HEU, one above it on the DC-4's starboard rear side and the other on its port side. At approximately 2344 GMT, the fighters opened fire and the two outboard engines (Engine numbers 1 & 4) were hit and caught fire. The No. 4 engine's auxiliary and main fuel tank were also ablaze. 
While Blown took evasive actions to avoid further damage, co-pilot Cedric Carlton issued blankets to passengers instructing them to place them on the back of their seats for protection against the bullets. Radio operator Stephen Wong made a first distress call at 0845 HKT (2345 GMT). "Kai Tak Tower, Cathay XXX, Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! No. 1 port engine on fire, losing altitude, requesting all possible assistance." Wong made 10 Mayday calls before VR-HEU ditched. Cathay Pacific engineer G. H. Cattanach, travelling as a passenger, tried to make the passengers comfortable when it became known that the plane was going to ditch. 
VR-HEU began losing altitude and at 5,000 ft, its rudder control was shot off. Travelling at 350 miles per hour, Blown tried his utmost to evade incendiary bullets coming from the fighters by turning the Skymaster left and right. At 2,000 feet, the right aileron was shot off and the plane began turning right on its own initiative. The captain then countered the increasing turn by shutting down the Nos. 1 and 2 engines and fully opening No. 3. Approximately 2 minutes after the initial attack and unable to carry on a controlled levelled flight, Blown decided to carry out a ditching of his Skymaster in rough open seas that included 15 foot waves and a 25 knots wind. 
The starboard wing tip was the first to make impact with the water, severing the right wing between the No. 3 and 4 engines. The impact caused the tail to break off and float off 50 yards from the main wreckage. The main fuselage now floated at an angle of 45 degrees with the rear open fuselage pointing towards the sky. 
After the plane ditched into the ocean, the attacking fighters ceased firing at the Skymaster around 1,000 feet before making a turn around the wreckage and headed towards Sanya. While nine passengers and crew were killed by bullets and the subsequent ditching, nine others survived and escaped the sinking plane. Blown and his co-pilot escaped through a broken starboard sliding window which had water coming in fast. 
With all survivors floating on the water with no life vests on, co-pilot Carlton suddenly noticed that a Mrs Thorburn was hanging on to a raft still in its case. Fearing the bright yellow rubber raft might attract the attention of PLAAF fighters, it took Carlton twenty minutes to finally inflate the rubber dinghy and lift all nine passengers in. Once all were on the dinghy, concern remained that the attacking planes might return; some of the dazed, injured passengers, with their clothes in shreds, hid under a plastic sunshade covering the edges of the dinghy. Although Blown and passenger Peter Thacher kept watch, the attacking planes never returned.
Rescue efforts.
An Air Vietnam plane en route to Hong Kong from Hanoi and which had altered its course as a results of the calls, spotted the sinking plane and a dinghy one and a half miles from the Hainan coast. It circled for 40 minutes before heading for Hong Kong. Thanks to those calls, the RAF in Hong Kong immediately redirected a Saigon-bound Vickers Valetta military transport and further despatched a Short Sunderland flying boat, an Avro York military transport, as well as two de Havilland Hornet fighters from the 80 Squadron, from RAF Kai Tak to the reported position of the C-54. A fully armed French PB4Y-2 Privateer after intercepting the emergency radio call, also took off from Tourane (Da Nang), French Indochina (now Vietnam). 
Meanwhile, the civilian-operated Manila rescue control centre in the Philippines, on picking up the SOS call from Wong, alerted the 31st Air Rescue Squadron of the USAF at the Clark Air Force Base. Captain Jack T. Woodyard, on first alert duty that day, about to depart on a routine training mission in his Grumman SA-16 Albatross, "51-009", immediately took off. A second Albatross followed Woodyard 35 minutes later. 
The Hornets were the first to arrive on the scene, followed by the Valetta, Sunderland, York and the Privateer. While the Hornets carried out a thorough search of the area for survivors, the French Privateer, piloted by an apparent Englishman with a Cockney accent, informed the Albatross which was 50 miles away, that "We have spotted the dinghy with survivors; looks like two of them from here." The British and American planes were not able to communicate with each other as they were on different radio frequencies.
Captain Blown, on seeing the Sunderland arrive, tossed a packet of green sea dye overboard in an effort to assist rescue personnel. The Sunderland acknowledged this by setting off a smoke flare. Unable to land in atrocious conditions, the amphibious Sunderland circled helplessly for 2 hours before Woodyard's Albatross finally arrived and circled for an hour before landing on the calmer side of Ta-Chow Island, where it taxied towards the dinghy in rough water before pulling all survivors on board and taking off for Hong Kong escorted by the Sunderland. A.A.P. and Reuters reported at the time that 3 survivors were picked up by the RAF Sunderland.
The last passenger to be hoisted on board was a badly injured Rita Cheung, who had broken her left leg in 2 places and had suffered a deep gash on her forehead. She died aboard the rescue aircraft, 10 minutes before the plane reached Kai Tak.
Radio operator Stephen Wong was also killed. It is believed his head was impaled on a drift meter during the ditching of the Cathay Pacific airliner.
There were several hypotheses for the attack, which included:
The official line from Peking was that the Cathay Pacific airliner was mistaken as a Chinese Nationalist (Kuomintang) plane on a mission to raid a military base at Port Yulin on Hainan Island.
On 26 July 1954, during the survivor search operation, two Douglas Skyraiders from the aircraft carriers USS Philippine Sea and Hornet shot down two Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force La-11s off the coast of Hainan Island. It is not known whether they were the same La-11s that shot down VR-HEU.
Aftermath.
The shooting down of VR-HEU raised tension between the People's Republic of China and Britain and the US. The British Foreign Office, through its Chargé d'affaires in Peking, Mr Humphrey Trevelyan delivered Britain's protest to Communist China two days later. The US Secretary of State, Mr John Foster Dulles issued a sharp statement condemning the attack, saying the United States took the gravest view of the act of further barbarity and that the Chinese Communist regime must be held responsible.
On the political front, the shooting down probably harmed the PRC's chances of admission into the United Nations. Republican Senator H. Alexander Smith interrupted a marathon debate over atomic legislation to read Mr Dulles' statement before calling the situation "critical". Republican Representative Walter Judd, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, expressed the view that the incident was another reason why Communist China must not be admitted to the United Nations.
The People's Republic of China admitted responsibility three days later by apologising and making compensations to Cathay Pacific and the victims.
The two La-11 pilots were rumoured to have been executed by the PR Chinese government. 
Blown, who had been in command of VR-HEU at the time it was shot down, was hailed as a hero. He continued flying for Cathay Pacific for a further three to four years after the incident, and then retired to New South Wales, Australia, where he died in a nursing home in September 2009, aged 96. Cathay Pacific Director Flight Operations, Nick Rhodes, has commented on the bravery shown by Captain Blown on that day, and commended him for the dedication he had shown to ensuring the survival of his passengers.
Aircraft.
The aircraft, registered "VR-HEU" was a four-engined propeller-driven Douglas C-54A Skymaster airliner, the military version of the Douglas DC-4 converted for civilian use. 
VR-HEU had been manufactured by the Douglas Aircraft Company with construction number 10310 and was delivered to the USAAF on 16 May 1944, where it served for less than two years. It was bought on 19 February 1946 by KLM and first operated by KLM West Indies before returning to KLM main line in February 1948. It was sold to Cathay Pacific in August 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19816386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816386" title="Embassy of Syria, Berlin">
Embassy of Syria, Berlin

The Embassy of Syria in Berlin () is the diplomatic mission of Syria in Germany. It is located at Rauchstraße 25 in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19816402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816402" title="Livingston Energy Flight destinations">
Livingston Energy Flight destinations

The following were destinations of Livingston Energy Flight, a leisure airline based in Italy (as of April 2009):

</doc>
<doc id="19816408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816408" title="Henry Kaulback">
Henry Kaulback

Henry Adolphus Newman Kaulback (December 28, 1830 – January 8, 1896) was a lawyer, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1863 to 1867 and sat for Lunenburg in the Senate of Canada from 1872 to 1896. His surname also appears as Kaulbach in some sources.
He was born in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of John H. Kaulback, high sheriff, and Sophia Fredericka Newman. Kaulback was educated at Harvard University. He was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1855. He served on the province's board of agriculture and was lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. Kaulback practised law in Lunenburg. Kaulback ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1867. He died in office in Ottawa, January 8, 1896 at the age of 65.
Family.
He was married twice. He married Eunice Sophie Harris in 1858. Hon. Henry Adolphus Newman Kaulbach, Q.C., then a member of the Senate married in September 1880 Sophie Anne Ryland, daughter of George H. Ryland, Registrar of Montreal, and his wife, Mary Pitt, daughter of Lieut.-Col. Ralph Gore, of Barrowmount, County Kilkenny, and of H.M.'s 33rd Regiment of Foot. She was born in Quebec, and educated by private tuition. She was an amateur singer and pianist. She was instructed for the piano, by Prof. D'Albert, and in singing by Prof. Arthurson and Dr. Shilling. She was a member of the Montreal Fox Hounds. The couple lived at Mizpah Cottage, Lunenburg, Nova Scotia.
His brother Charles served in the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="19816424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816424" title="Madame Turchin">
Madame Turchin

Nadine Lvova Turchin (November 26, 1826 – July 17, 1904) was the wife of Union Brig. Gen. John Basil Turchin. During the American Civil War, she traveled with her husband on his military campaigns and at times acted as his surrogate in command of his troops. She kept a detailed diary that remains a leading eyewitness account of her husband's colorful career. She became widely known in the army as "Madame Turchin."
She was born as Nadezhda Antonina L'vova (or Lovow) in Russia, the daughter of an officer in the Russian Army. On May 10, 1856, in Krakow, Poland, she married Ivan Vasilovitch Turchaninov, with whom she immigrated to the United States. Upon their arrival in the U.S. and their eventual settlement on a farm in New York, they anglicized their names. They later moved to Philadelphia and then to Chicago, where he worked as a topographical engineer for the Illinois Central Railroad.
With the outbreak of the Civil War in early 1861, John Turchin was chosen to be Colonel of the 19th Illinois Infantry and later would be the only Russian-born general to serve in the Union Army. Nadine traveled with her husband throughout the war (despite orders against wives travelling on campaigns). Starting in 1863, she kept a regular diary that included her opinions on her husband’s fellow officers, as well as commentary on battles that she participated in, including Chickamauga. During the battle, she stayed with the brigade and division wagons which were parked just on the western edge of the battlefield, and she climbed up onto the eastern hills of Missionary Ridge to observe events during the Battle of Missionary Ridge. She left detailed accounts of both battles, in effect being the only Union female diarist of those battles.
During her husband's brief illness in 1862, she "took his place as regimental commander" but likely did not assume full command. Stories of her military savvy and heroism were reported by soldiers from Illinois and in later newspaper articles about her.
After the war, they settled in Radom, Illinois. After her husband's death in 1901, she applied for and received a pension of $30 a month as a military widow instead of as a nurse or soldier. Nadine Turchin died in 1904 and was buried next to her husband in Mound City National Cemetery in southern Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19816441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816441" title="Sinop Fortress Prison">
Sinop Fortress Prison

Sinop Fortress Prison, () was a state prison situated in the inside of the Sinop Fortress in Sinop, Turkey. As one of the oldest prisons of Turkey, it was established in 1887 within the inner fortress of the centuries-old fortification located on the northwestern part of Cape Sinop. The prison was closed down in 1997 and the inmates were transferred to a modern prison newly built in Sinop.
Sinop Fortress.
Located direct at the coast of Black Sea on the northwest part of Cape Sinop, the Sinop Fortress was constructed initially in the 7th century BC when the city was re-founded as a Greek colony from the city of Miletus. It was extended and repaired several times in its history by Persians, Kingdom of Pontus, Romans and Byzantines. The fortress took its main form during the reign of Pontus King Mithradates Eupator in 72 BC.
Following the capture of the city on October 3, 1214, Izz ad-Din Kaykaus II, sultan of Seljuk Turks of Rûm divided the fortress in two parts by erecting a wall in north-south direction. The inner fortress of today was formed by adding another wall in the west-east direction. Since then, the inner fortress was used also as shipyard and dungeon. The oldest document that shows the fortress was used as dungeon dates back to 1568.
The walls of the fortress are 18 m high and 3 m wide. There are eleven watchtowers of 22 m height, five of them added during the construction of the inner fortress.
Fortress prison.
Designed in U-shape, a stonemasonry prison building with 28 halls on two floors was erected in 1887 in the inside of the southern inner fortress. For use by the prisoners, a Turkish bath () with a single dome was built also next to the prison building. İn 1939, an extension building with 9 halls on two floors, architectural conform with the main building, was added for use as juvenile prison. The inner fortress holding the prison facilities covers an area of 10,247 m2.
The prison was considered as a high-security penitentiary with no escape possibility due to its position within a fortress. The top of the walls of the inner fortress served to the patrolling prison guard as walkway. The living conditions at the prison, where it was difficult even to light a match, were very harsh due to the moisture caused by the location of the prison very close to the sea.
In the beginning of the 20th century, a rehabilitation program was set up for the prisoners. The inmates were given the opportunity to learn and practize handicraft such as woodworking and jewelry that enabled them to potter and to earn money from the items they produced and sold.
The prison was abandoned on December 6, 1997 after the inmates were transferred to a newly built prison in Sinop.
In popular culture.
The Sinop Fortress Prison was featured in various stories and poems by notable Turkish writers, who served their sentence. Refik Halit Karay, Ahmet Bedevi Kuran, Refii Cevat Ulunay, Sabahattin Ali, Kerim Korcan and Zeyyat Selimoğlu are some of them to name.
Sabahattin Ali's poem "Aldırma Gönül", written 1933 in the prison and featuring the prison life, was composed in 1977 by Kerem Güney, which became nowadays very popular song by Edip Akbayram.
The Turkish movie "Pardon" (2004), and the TV mini series "Firar" (Prison Break) (1993) and "Köpek" (The Dog) (2005) were shot in the historical prison.
"Parmaklıklar Ardında" (Behind Bars) (2007), adopted from the German RTL Television series "Hinter Gittern - Der Frauenknast" (1997–2007) and aired by the channel atv, is another Turkish TV mini series. The location in the series is the Sinop Fortress Prison. The generic music of the film is "Aldırma Gönül" sung by Kibariye.
Tourist attraction.
The prison facilities were handed over to the Culture and Tourism Ministry on August 2, 1999. The fortress prison is currently open to the public for sightseeing purposes. Originated from the increasingly presentation of the prison in the recent popular culture, there is a growing interest in visiting the site. The historical penitentiary hosts hundreds of thousands tourists yearly.
It is planned to convert the facilities in the inner fortress into a cultural complex with a maritime and a justice museum.
Notable inmates.
The prison hosted also many intellectuals, who were charged for political reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19816443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816443" title="Mark Nathan Cohen">
Mark Nathan Cohen

Mark Nathan Cohen is an American anthropologist and a professor in the State University of New York. He has an A.B. degree from Harvard College (1965) and a Ph.D. degree in anthropology (Columbia University, 1971). His areas of research and teaching include human evolution and demographic history, cultural evolution, biology, medical care and forensic anthropology. He has written several books in the field of population growth and life expectancy.
Bibliography.
Among other books, he has authored:

</doc>
<doc id="19816449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816449" title="Eric Muenter">
Eric Muenter

Eric Muenter (1871–1915), also known as Erich Muenter, Erich Holt or Frank Holt, was a German-born would-be assassin. 
While teaching German at Harvard he poisoned his pregnant wife. Before this was discovered, he fled and spent the next decade in various places throughout the United States under assumed identities.
Biography.
Muenter taught German language courses in the United States. He opposed the US policy of providing arms to Germany's enemies in World War I. He was a committed German nationalist.
On July 2, 1915, Muenter hid a package containing three sticks of dynamite with a timing mechanism set for nearly midnight under a telephone switchboard in the Senate reception room in the United States Capitol, Washington, D.C. His original target had been the Senate chamber, which he found locked. The bomb exploded at approximately 11:40 PM resulting in no casualties. Muenter wrote a letter to The Washington Star under an pseudonym explaining his actions that was published after the bombing, in it he said he hoped the explosion would "make enough noise to be heard above the voices that clamor for war. This explosion is an exclamation point in my appeal for peace."
Muenter was also angry with American financiers who were aiding Great Britain against Germany in World War I, in particular J. P. Morgan, Jr. The day after the bombing, Muenter shot Morgan twice in the groin at Morgan's house in Glen Cove, New York. Muenter was thwarted and captured in this attack. He was charged with both assaults and soon after committed suicide while in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19816451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816451" title="Francis Robert Raines">
Francis Robert Raines

Francis Robert Raines (1805-1878) was the Anglican vicar of Milnrow, Lancashire, known as an antiquary. He edited 23 volumes for the Chetham Society publications. He also transcribed 44 volumes of manuscripts.
Early life.
He was born at Whitby, North Yorkshire, the son of Isaac Raines, M.D. and Ann, daughter of Joseph Robertson. At thirteen years old, he was sent to Clitheroe, Lancashire, as an apprentice surgeon. He later moved to Burnley with his employer, during which time he went to the Clitheroe and Burnley grammar schools. In 1826, he was released from his apprenticeship and admitted to St. Bees' Theological College.
Career.
He was ordained in 1828, and after short appointments at Saddleworth and Rochdale, he was vicar at Milnrow for the rest of his life. He was a founder Member of the Chetham Society, serving as a Member of Council from 1843, and as Vice-President from 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="19816452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816452" title="Aleksandar Novaković">
Aleksandar Novaković

Aleksandar Novaković (born 9 Jan 1975, in Belgrade, Serbia). He graduated as a historian and dramatist, and has an PhD in theatrical studies at the University of Arts in Belgrade.
As a writer and journalist he has published works (plays, short stories, poems, screenplays for cartoons) in newspapers and magazines, including: "NIN", "Danas","Knjizevni list", "URB", "Koraci", "Lipar", "Rec,", "Polja", "Letopis Matice srpske", "Treci trg", "Etna", "Znak", "Povelja","Kvartal", "Branicevo". His plays were published in periodical art magazines.
Published works.
Good enough? (Malo li je?, Alma, 2011)
Theatrical studies

</doc>
<doc id="19816455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816455" title="Clint Williamson">
Clint Williamson

Clint Williamson is an American lawyer and diplomat (see John Clint Williamson for full biography).
In 2006 he was appointed Ambassador-at-large for war crimes issues.
He is the State Department official responsible for negotiating another home for Guantanamo captives who can't be returned to their home countries.
On 16 October 2008 Williamson, the State Department official responsible for negotiating a new home for the captives, complained that the Justice Department's recent description of the Uyghurs had undermined his efforts.
The Justice Department had recently filed an emergency motion objecting to transferring the Uyghur captives in Guantanamo to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19816457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816457" title="Greece national under-17 football team">
Greece national under-17 football team

The Greece national under-17 football team is the Under-17 years of age team of the Greece national football team.
This team is for Greek players aged 17 or under at the start European Under-17 Football Championship ("From 1982 to 2001 it was an Under-16 event").

</doc>
<doc id="19816464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816464" title="Lobera (sword)">
Lobera (sword)

The sword Lobera (Spanish "la espada lobera" "the sword wolf-slayer") was the symbol of power used by Saint Ferdinand III of Castile, instead of the more traditional rod, and so the king will be depicted with orb and sword in hand.
History.
Lobera was the sword of Saint Ferdinand III, King of Castile from 1217 and King of León from 1230, He finished the work done by his maternal grandfather Alfonso VIII of Castile and consolidated the Reconquista. In 1231, he permanently united Castile and León. He was considered an exemplary knight in his time. Pope Innocent IV named him "invincible champion of Jesus Christ".
Etymology.
Lobera is a Spanish word meaning "wolfslayer".
Legend.
Don Juan Manuel, Prince of Villena, grandson of King Ferdinand III, wrote in his "Libro de los ejemplos del conde Lucanor y de Patronio" (1337) ("Book of the examples of Count Lucanor and of Patronio"), that Lobera was the sword of Fernán González of Castile (epic hero from the Poem of Fernán González) and a "sword of great virtue". Don Juan Manuel writes that King Ferdinand III, lying on his deathbed, addressed him in these words: "I can bequeath no heritage to you, but I bestow upon you my sword Lobera, that is of passing worth, and wherewith God has wrought much good to me." .
Description.
Lobera, forged in steel, has a blade of 80 cm. and silver ornaments. It is a relic kept in the Capilla Real at the Seville Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="19816499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816499" title="Fossils (band)">
Fossils (band)

Fossils (Bengali: ফসিলস) is a Rock band formed in Kolkata, West Bengal, India in 1998.
The group is considered one of the pioneering rock acts in Kolkata's Bangla music scene.
The band is currently composed of Rupam Islam (lead vocals, acoustic guitar & composer), Deep (guitar, backing vocals & composer), Allan Ao (guitar, backing vocals), Chandra (bass, backing vocals), & Tanmoy (drums, percussion)
Their music is flavoured by a blend of blues, rock and psychedelia, along with Rupam Islam's vocal renditions of his characteristic psychoanalytical lyrics.
They are noted for their social commentary and advocation of causes such as the welfare of HIV positive people.
Like most other Bangla bands, Fossils performs in the Bengali language.
History.
Formation and early years: 1998 – 2000.
The band was formed by Rupam Islam. Their first stage show was held on the 9th of January 1999 at Najrul Mancha for Gaan 99 organised by HMV. While performing on stage as Rupam Islam and group, on that very day Rupam announced that henceforth he will perform as FOSSILS. This show had Deep on acoustic guitar, Sayantan Bumba on guitars, Tanmoy on bass, Rajiv on drums and Rupam. This line up was short lived and the very next show saw Chandra and Teno on guitars, Baji on drums, Bumpy on bass, Jatu on keyboards and Rupam.
The group started to call themselves "Fossils" after a suggestion by their guitarist Deep.
The name is inspired by a line from one of Rupam's lyrics:
""Khoro aamar fossil, onubhutir michhil protikriashil kono biplobe"".
Initial audience reaction to the band's music was not encouraging. During their first few shows, they met with jeering and hostile objection to the rock style and techniques they employed.
Thus, the band name was meant to convey a sense of an "underground" movement that the members felt they had initiated and their belief that they would be fossilized into history under the pressure of social disapproval of their music, only to be excavated decades later by musicologists wishing to discover the roots of Bangla rock.
The band would experience a flurry of lineup changes until the end of 1999, by which time a sort of permanency was achieved with Rupam (vocals), Chandra (bass), Allan (guitar), Stephen (drums), Indra(keyboards), and Parikhshit (manager) as the members.
In spite of the hostile feedbacks, the band decided to stick to their sound, and for the first time in the history of Indian bangla rock, a full-fledged, continuous, effort was made to establish the Bangla Rock sound.
Fossils: 2000 – 2003.
In 2000, the band recorded a demo version of their tracks. They faced rejection several times from different record houses.
In 2001, the guitarist Allan left the band for a corporate career. Former members Teno and Deep re-joined in Allan's stead.
A contract was landed with Asha Audio and by the end of the same year, recording for the band's first studio album began. The recording had to start without Allan, whose departure was so sudden there wasn't enough time to rework their tracks. Some of the guitar tracks for this album had to be lifted from the demo version.
The album was entitled "Fossils" and released in 2002.
It was not an instant success, but the music caught on once the FM radio stations started broadcasting the tracks. The abum's popularity has increased with time, and today it is called a CULT album.
Teno left the band in 2002 and was replaced by Partha.
In 2003, the drummer Stephen underwent rehabilitation. Andre served as part-time drummer till Bubun joined.
By this time, the band had created a niche audience and dedicated following among the youth.
Fossils 2: 2004 – 2005.
The band's second album, entitled "Fossils 2", was released in 2004.
It was then noted as the Bangla band album with the highest budget to date.
The album was partly sponsored by the Thums Up brand.
The mastering engineer was Steve Fallone of Sterling Sound, New York.
The band witnessed a surge in popularity.
In 2005, the manager Parikshit was expelled from the band; Rupam and Deep jointly took over his work. As of 2007, management is handled by Rupam's wife Rupsha Dasgupta & Deep
Mission F: 2006.
The band's third studio album, entitled "Mission F", was released in 2006.
It was a theme album for the first Kolkata Police Friendship Cup Football Tournament.
A special track, "Aeka Nauo", dedicated to HIV positive people, was included in the album. It featured Usha Uthup and was produced in collaboration with the Kolkata Sukriti Foundation.
A free VCD distributed with the album contains the music video for the track, which shows HIV positive people with their faces uncovered interacting freely with Uthup and the band members.
The VCD also contained a chat session with band members.
Radio Mirchi collaborated with the band to produce two "unplugged" versions of previously recorded tracks that were included in the album.
According to a survey conducted by Radio Mirchi, "Mission F" was declared the best-selling album in Kolkata for the year 2006.
On Earth Day, the band covered Michael Jackson's Earth Song in Bengali exclusively for the news channel CNN IBN.
Aupodartho: 2007.
In the first half of 2007, Rupam Islam worked on a separate project named "RnB" with the bassist Bumpy.
In the second half of 2007, the band released a music video album entitled "Aupodartho".
The album was scheduled to be launched in Music World, Park Street, Kolkata. The crowd turnout was so unexpectedly huge that fans had to be turned out and the outlet's premises closed. The police had a tough time controlling the crowd. The release eventually happened on the same day, with Rupam Islam placing himself atop a stool outside the outlet and addressing the fans without a microphone.
During the Pujas of 2007, Rupam Islam's 1998 solo album was re-launched by Sa Re Ga Ma HMV.
On November 9, Fossils played lived for the first time in Bangladesh at the Dhaka Rock Fest 2007, the first ever international Bangla rock festival.
Fossils 3: 2008 – 2013.
Fossils featured in the Rolling Stones India magazine in 2008.
The end of 2008 saw Fossils begin the recording of their fifth studio album, which was released on 19 September 2009. It was titled "Fossils 3" and developed as a concept album. It endeavours to tell the story of a mysterious character known only as "Shada Jama" (White Shirt) through the interlinked audio tracks as well as a separate graphic account contained in the inlay cards. Mayookh Bhowmick on the distortion tabla, Indrajit Dey (Indra) on the keyboards, and a team from the Kolkata Music Academy Chamber Orchestra led by Abraham Mazumder were the guest contributors to the album. Fossils 3 would go on to win in the Best Non-Film Album category of the Anandalok Awards 2009.
2009 marked the band's tenth anniversary.
The band's official fan club, Fossils Force, was launched the same year, which started their operations through a blood donation camp on 1 May 2009. They continue to engage in activities for social welfare, such as contributing to the relief of people affected by the Cyclone Aila and another blood donation camp in 2010.
"Rupam on the Rocks", written by Rupam Islam and published by Ananda Publishers was launched at the Kolkata Book Fair 2009.
The same year saw Fossils touring the UK and Bangalore.
2010 started with a change in the lineup. Bubun was replaced by Tanmoy on the drums.
In July 2010, the band played live at Nashville in the United States.
Later in the year, Rupam Islam won a National Film Award (Silver Lotus or "Rajat Kamal") in the Best Male Playback Singer category from the Government of India for his work in the film "Mahanagar @ Kolkata".
June 2011, Allan rejoined the band in place of Partha.
September 2011, Fossils visited Dhaka, Bangladesh for the third time.
July 2012, Fossils performed at Las Vegas, USA; which was a huge hit.
Fossils 4: 2013.
The sixth studio album of the band is scheduled to be released on 19th October, 2013 at City Centre II, Rajarhat - Kolkata. For the first time, the band has soft launched their album "Fossils 4" as full-length online streaming to the audience days before physical release of the album. It is also the first time the band holds both copyright & publishing rights of this album while INRECO will do the distribution & marketing.By its online release it already seems to be a superhit.

</doc>
<doc id="19816505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816505" title="Ballathie House">
Ballathie House

Ballathie House is a 19th-century mansion in Perthshire, Scotland. It is located around north of Perth, and west of Coupar Angus, close to the River Tay. The present house was built in 1886, and since 1972 it has operated as a country house hotel.
History.
Before 1886.
The Drummond family, the Earls of Perth, owned the Ballathie lands in the 17th century, selling to the Robertson family. According to Historic Scotland, the house was built during the 1850s. General Richardson Robertson of Tullybelton undertook the building of the current house but died in 1883, 3 years before it was completed.
Country house, 1886-1972.
General Richardson Robertson's nephew, Colonel Edmund Robert F. Richardson took over the house, selling it in 1910 to Sir Stewart Coats, from Paisley. The house was enlarged by alterations to the servants quarters and a new entrance porch. Central heating and electric lighting were also installed. An army hut was erected for use as a dance hall after the World War I and dances were held for staff and locals. A 9-hole golf course was laid out by professional golfer Ben Sayers but this was ploughed up as part of the campaign to provide more food during World War II.
Ballathie's fame as a sporting estate led to many famous guests coming to stay during this period. These included:
In 1936, the estate was sold to Colonel Stephen Hardie, a chartered accountant in Glasgow and founder member of the British Oxygen Company. Hardie died in 1969 and the house was sold, and converted into a hotel in 1972 by the Maxwell family from the west of Scotland.
Hotel, since 1972.
John Milligan purchased the estate separately in 1998, then also the hotel in 2005. The estate is still used for farming and sports. The Sportsman's Lodge was completed in 2003, within the grounds of the hotel.
Wolfgang Spenke has been the General Manager and Scott Scorer has been head chef since March 2012.
Hotel facilities.
Ballathie has 41 bedrooms in the main hotel, plus 11 more at the Sportsman's Lodge. The Hotel restaurant has also received various awards. Ballathie is a venue for wedding ceremonies and receptions and also has rooms for conferences and meetings up a capacity of 50. The hotel is located on the River Tay, a notable salmon fishing river. Clay pigeon and grouse shooting are available, with Scone Palace, Atholl and Glamis Castle all within easy reach.
You can take a virtual tour of the hotel on the website.
The hotel has helicopter landing facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19816521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816521" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the U-boat service">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the U-boat service

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes") and its variants was the highest award in the military of the Third Reich. Recipients are grouped by grades of the Knight's Cross. During or shortly after World War II, 145 German sailors and officers of the U-boat service as part of the "Kriegsmarine" received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Among them, 29 officers received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub"), five the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern"), and two won the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves Swords and Diamonds ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub, Schwertern und Brillanten"). Of these, 144 presentations were formally made and one recipient received the award after 11 May 1945, when "Großadmiral" Karl Dönitz ordered a cease of all promotions and illegalized all subsequent awards. The final recipient is therefore considered to have received the medal without legal authority.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed, some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds (). At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds (), based on the enactment of 29 December 1944, became the final variant of the Knight's Cross authorized.
The "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the three military branches, "Heer" (Army), "Kriegsmarine" (Navy), "Luftwaffe" (Air force) and for the "Waffen-SS". Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 to reward those servicemen who had already been awarded the Oak Leaves with Swords to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Ultimately, it would be awarded to twenty-seven German soldiers, sailors and airmen, ranging from young fighter pilots to field marshals. Two recipients were members of the U-boat arm.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords is also based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 to reward those servicemen who had already been awarded the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves was based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940. The last officially announced number for the Oak Leaves was 843. Higher numbers are unofficial and therefore denoted in brackets.
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 "Verordnung über die Erneuerung des Eisernen Kreuzes" (Regulation of the renewing of the Iron Cross).
Legally disputed Knight's Cross recipients.
"Großadmiral" Karl Dönitz ordered a cease of all promotions and awards as of 11 May 1945. Nevertheless, a number of Knight's Crosses were awarded after this date and are considered "illegal" hand-outs. One sailor of the U-boat service is often listed as a recipient of the Knight's Cross but falls outside of the Dönitz-decree. Karl Jäckel received his Knight's Cross confirmation after 11 May 1945 and is therefore a "de facto" but not "de jure" recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="19816527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816527" title="Haim Hefer">
Haim Hefer

Haim Hefer () (29 October 1925 – 18 September 2012) was an Israeli songwriter, poet and writer.
Biography.
Haim Feiner (later Hefer) was born in Sosnowiec, Poland in 1925 to Issachar Feiner, a chocolate salesman, and Rivka Herzberg, a housewife. He had a private Hebrew tutor. His family immigrated to Palestine in 1936 and settled in Raanana. He began writing at the age of 13, as part of a national contest. He never finished high school and joined the Palmach in 1943. He took part in smuggling illegal immigrants through Syria and Lebanon. During the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, he was one of the founders of the Chizbatron, the Palmach army troupe, and was its chief songwriter.
Hefer owned a house in Ein Hod, but resided in Tel Aviv. He was married to Ruti Haramati, with whom he had a daughter, Mimi.
On 18 September 2012 (the second day of Rosh Hashanah, 5773), Hefer died at Sourasky Medical Center in Tel Aviv, after a long illness.
Music career.
In the 1950s, Hefer and Dahn Ben-Amotz wrote "A Bag of Fibs", a collection of tall tales made up in the Palmach, and founded the "Hamam" club in Jaffa. During that time, he founded "Revi'iat Moadon HaTeatron" (Theater Club Quartet). He wrote a weekly column for "Yediot Aharonot", which included maqamas on current affairs. "A Bag of Fibs" achieved cult status in Israel. He was later made a cultural attache to the Israeli consul in Los Angeles.
He wrote for dozens of composers, including Sasha Argov, Moshe Wilensky and Dubi Seltzer. Artists who performed his songs include Arik Lavie, Yehoram Gaon, Shoshana Damari and Yafa Yarkoni, as well as The High Windows and most Israeli military bands. He wrote lyrics for musicals, including "Kazablan" and "I Like Mike". Many of his songs, such as "Hafinjan" (The Billy Kettle), "Hayu Zmanim" (In Those Days) and "Hamilkhama Ha'achrona" (The Last War) are considered Israeli classics. He also published several collections of his verses. Shortly before the 1948 war, he wrote a song titled "Between the Borders", about immigration. It included the words "We are here, a defensive shield". In 2002, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) launched an operation in the West Bank and named it Operation Defensive Shield.
Controversy.
In 2002, Hefer described Moroccan Jewish culture as inferior to that of the Polish Jews. He called Aviv Geffen a phony and criticized Yaffa Yarkoni for badmouthing the IDF. His remarks were condemned as racist and criticized by then President of Israel, Moshe Katsav, members of the Moroccan community, and representatives of the Shas Party, as well as Mizrahi musicians such as Margalit Tzan'ani. Hefer made a public apology and wrote a song for singer Zehava Ben.
Awards.
In 1983, Hefer was awarded the Israel Prize, for Hebrew song (words), for his contribution to the Music of Israel.
In 2005, he was voted the 116th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.
In 2008 in Poland published a book, "Chaim Chefer-Memorable Days"("Chaim Chefer - Pamiętne Dni"), the development of the graphic made by Pawel Slota under the artistic supervision of Agnieszka Tyrman. The book was out of admiration and respect for the work of Chaim Chefer in the jubilee year the 60th anniversary of the State of Israel
http://issuu.com/pawelslota/docs/chaim_chefer_-_pami_tne_dni_

</doc>
<doc id="19816530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816530" title="Air Dolomiti destinations">
Air Dolomiti destinations

The list includes the city, country, the codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code), and the airport's name, with the airline's hubs marked. The list also contains the beginning and end year of services, with destinations marked if the services was not continual and if they are seasonal, and for dates which occur in the future.
Destinations.
Air Dolomiti serves the following destinations ():

</doc>
<doc id="19816531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816531" title="Haim Amsalem">
Haim Amsalem

Rabbi Chaim (Emile) Amsellem (born 12 October 1959, in Oran, Algeria) is an Israeli politician and a former member of the Knesset. Following a rift between him and former party Shas, he established the Am Shalem party to run for the 2013 Knesset elections but failed to win any seats.
Biography.
He was born in Oran in Algeria to David and Freha Amsalem, who immigrated to there from Morocco. When he was six months old, his family moved to Lyon, France where he grew up until the age of 11. In 1970 the family immigrated to Israel. He graduated from the "Kisseh Rahamim" Yeshiva where was ordained as rabbi in 1980 and served as a Head of Yeshiva ("RAM"). In 1990 he obtained certification as a rabbinical legal representative ("to'en rabbani") and in 1993 he was ordained a City rabbi by the Chief Rabbi of Israel, Rabbi Ovadia Yosef.
In 1982 he married Hannah, the granddaughter of Rabbi Nissim Cohen, Av Beit Din in Djerba. After his marriage he served as rabbi of the Sharsheret moshav for seven years. He has also served also as a neighborhood rabbi in Netivot, as Head of Yeshiva of "Ohalei Yaakov ve Tifereth Israel" and as Head of the kollel "Baba Sali" in the city. From there he moved to the Har Nof neighborhood of Jerusalem and established there the "Shirei David" Kollel in the name of his father. He was later appointed as rabbi of the Sephardic Jewish community, "Heichal Haness" in Geneva, Switzerland, a position he held until his entry into the Knesset.
A founding member of Shas, Amsalem was first elected to the Knesset in 2006, and was re-elected in 2009. After breaking away from Shas, he founded his own party, Am Shalem. In the 2013 elections the new party failed to cross the electoral threshold of 2%, and Amsalem subsequently lost his Knesset seat.
Amsalem has written books in a variety of religious topics and has published religious articles and Torah research papers in the religious publications "Ohr Torah", "Ohr Israel," "Beit Hillel" and more. He specialized in deciphering manuscripts and published writings of famous Sephardic scholars, including the "P'nei Moshe" by Rabbi Moshe Kalfon HaCohen and "Ya'amod Pinchas" by Rabbi Pinchas Abitbol.
He lives in Har Nof, Jerusalem. He is married with eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="19816546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816546" title="Harry Kesten">
Harry Kesten

Harry Kesten (19 November 1931, Germany) is an American mathematician best known for his work in probability, most notably on random walks and percolation theory.
Biography.
Kesten grew up in the Netherlands, where he moved with his parents in 1933 to escape the Nazis. He received his Ph.D. in 1956 at Cornell University under supervision of Mark Kac. He was an instructor at Princeton University and the Hebrew University before returning to Cornell where he is now professor emeritus of mathematics.
Mathematical work.
Kesten's work includes a number of fundamental contributions, including the following.
Awards and honors.
Kesten was a Guggenheim fellow, Alfred P. Sloan Fellow, received the Brouwer Medal, the 
Steele Prize for Lifetime Achievement from the AMS, and the George Pólya Prize from the SIAM. He is also a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a correspondent member of the Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19816550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816550" title="Pruzhinki">
Pruzhinki

Pruzhinki () is a village ("selo") in Lipetsky District of Lipetsk Oblast, Russia.
It was founded in the 17th century by service class people. In 1764, there were 100 farms in Pruzhinki. In 1803, the church of John the Theologian, which is now a monument of regional importance, was built.

</doc>
<doc id="19816553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816553" title="Sylva, or A Discourse of Forest-Trees and the Propagation of Timber">
Sylva, or A Discourse of Forest-Trees and the Propagation of Timber

"Sylva, or A Discourse of Forest-Trees and the Propagation of Timber in His Majesty's Dominions" by the English writer John Evelyn was first presented in 1662 as a paper to the Royal Society. It was published as a book two years later in 1664, and this is widely recognised as one of the most highly influential texts on forestry ever published.
Posthumous editions.
Five editions were edited by Alexander Hunter (1729-1809):

</doc>
<doc id="19816554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816554" title="Lake Kussharo">
Lake Kussharo

The lake’s central island, Nakajima, is a composite volcano. Volcanic gases render the lake water acidic, and it supports few fish except in areas where inflowing streams dilute the water. Rainbow trout, which are also resistant to fairly acidic water, have been artificially introduced. In 1951, a rare form of cicada ("Oncotympana maculaticollis") was discovered, and is now protected by the government. The lake is also on the migratory path of the whooper swan.
Along the lake shore are several outdoor hot springs and a sand beach with naturally heated sand and hot ground water. Wakoto Peninsula extending into the lake has a number of active sulfurous vents. 
The lake is also known as Japan’s Loch Ness, after numerous reported sightings on a lake monster dubbed Kusshii by the press from 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19816561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816561" title="Raidió Rí-Rá">
Raidió Rí-Rá

Raidió Rí-Rá, founded in 2008, is an Irish language chart music radio station broadcasting on DAB in Waterford and Dublin, on the Internet, and, for approximately one month a year, on FM radio.
Information.
Raidió Ri-Rá was created to mark Seachtain na Gaeilge in March 2008 under the working title of Raidió X. Following a competition, its name was changed to Raidió Rí-Rá.
Digital Audition Productions and Conradh na Gaeilge collaborated to create an Irish language chart music radio station for young people. It broadcasts 24 hours a day with music and the latest pop news in Irish. It may be the only youth radio station broadcasting in a minority language in Europe.
The website has an estimated 35,000 page views per month.
During March, Raidió Rí-Rá broadcasts on FM in Dublin, Cork, Galway and, prior to 2011, Limerick, to mark Seachtain na Gaeilge.
The radio station broadcast on DAB digital radio in the South-East DAB Trial in March 2011.
The service hopes to be available on Saorview, Ireland's Digital terrestrial television Service.

</doc>
<doc id="19816568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816568" title="Avraham Michaeli">
Avraham Michaeli

Avraham Michaeli (, born 29 March 1957) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Shas.
Biography.
Born in Kulashi, Georgia, Michaeli made aliyah to Israel on 29 June 1971. He studied law at Bar-Ilan University, gaining an LLB in 1984. In 2006 he was elected to the Knesset on Shas' list. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections, having been placed eleventh on the Shas list.
Michaeli currently lives in Or Yehuda.

</doc>
<doc id="19816572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816572" title="Viviparus georgianus">
Viviparus georgianus

Viviparus georgianus, common name the banded mystery snail, is a species of large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae, the river snails.
This snail is native to North America. The specific epithet "georgianus" is a reference to the southern State of Georgia, where the type locality is situated.
Original description.
"Viviparus georgianus" was originally discovered and described (under the name "Paludina georgiana") by Isaac Lea in 1834.
Lea's original text (the type description) reads as follows:
Ecology.
Habitat.
This snail is found in lakes and slow-moving rivers with mud bottoms. The species thrives in eutrophic lentic environments such as lakes, ponds and some low-flow streams. It is usually absent from larger, faster flowing rivers; however, it is able to survive conditions of high water velocity in the St. Lawrence River, and in the United States it may even be better adapted than the introduced species "Bithynia tentaculata" to such habitats. 
Individuals are generally found in a range of habitats, including: regions with silt and mud substrate; communities dominated by diatoms and filamentous algae (not blue-green algae); shallow waters with sand or gravel substrate; soft and hard water; water with pH between 6.3 and 8.5; freshwater habitats only; river reaches more than meanders. 
"Viviparus georgianus" breeds and lives in shallow waters, often amongst macrophytes, in spring to fall, then moves out to deeper areas in the fall in order to overwinter away from shore. In more open waters, fall migration begins earlier than in smaller lakes and ponds. Most growth generally occurs when waters become warmer in spring and summer, although reduced growth continues in winter.
Life cycle.
It is dioecious (it has two distinct sexes), iteroparous (reproducing more than once in a lifetime) and ovoviviparous, laying eggs singly in albumen-filled capsules. Females generally brood eggs for 9–10 months. Fecundity is generally between 4 and 81 young per female, but on average is closer to 11 young/female. Females can brood more than one batch of young at a time, and the number of young in one brood is positively related to the size of the female. Reproductive females are usually larger than 16 mm. Female banded mystery snails live 28 – 48 and males live 18 – 36 months.
Feeding habits.
"Viviparus georgianus" is known to be a facultative or even obligate filter-feeding detritivore. Because of this, it can be used as a bioindicator of sediment contamination by oil and fertilizer, because its growth, survival and histology are significantly affected by the ingestion of contaminated sediments. 
This species grazes on diatom clusters found on silt and mud substrates, but it may also require the ingestion of some grit, in order to be able to break down algae.
The banded mystery snail often lives at high densities, sometimes up to around 864/m².
Parasites.
This snail is host to many parasites in its native habitat, including cercaria, metacercaria, ciliated protozoans, annelids, and chironomid larvae.
Distribution.
Indigenous distribution.
The banded mystery snail is native to North America, generally found from the northeastern United States to Florida and the Gulf of Mexico primarily in south central Florida, Georgia, Alabama and north, mainly in the Mississippi River system, to Illinois and northwestern Indiana. Massachusetts, Indiana and Connecticut are probably some of the states marking the northern limit of this species’ native range.
A recent study found that "Viviparus georgianus" is in fact not one species, but a species complex in North America. It was determined that "Viviparus limi" is native to the Ochlockonee River and southwestern Georgia, while "Viviparus goodrichi" lives in the Florida panhandle and southwestern Georgia, and "Viviparus georgianus" defined "sensu stricto" is found in eastern and southern Florida as well as the Altamaha River in Georgia. 
Other populations in the Altamaha, Mississippi and St. Lawrence River basins have not been studied yet with respect to their specific genetic make-up, and so they are simply named as being part of the "Viviparus georgianus" species complex.
Nonindigenous distribution.
This species has invaded the northern part of the United States: Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, New England, as well as Quebec and Ontario in Canada.
In the Mid-Atlantic Region it is found in the Niagara River, Erie Canal, Hudson River drainage in New York, and possibly Lake Champlain. It is established in the Chesapeake Bay, Maryland.
In the Great Lakes Region: The first record of this introduced species in the Great Lakes basin is from the Hudson River drainage, connected to the Erie Canal and Mohawk River, in 1867. It was later reported from the Lake Michigan watershed by 1906 and Lake Erie by 1914. Other records are from 1931 near Buffalo, Lake Erie and the Niagara River. The New York State Museum has records from the 1950s and 1960s from 11 counties Mackie et al. (1980) list this species as recorded from Lake Huron, but they do not give the date of establishment, or any references.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from references.

</doc>
<doc id="19816582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816582" title="Static Blue">
Static Blue

Static Blue (real name Jonathan Blakoe) is a trance music producer and DJ. He came to prominence in 2006 with his first trance track "Fade Away", released on the Amon Vision record label. He had nine more releases on different labels in 2007 and 2008. In addition to this, Jonathan Blakoe has done numerous remixes of dance records on different labels.

</doc>
<doc id="19816586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816586" title="List of VeggieTales videos">
List of VeggieTales videos

This is a list of "VeggieTales" original videos.
"Where's God When I'm S-Scared?" (1993).
"Where's God When I'm Scared" is the first episode of the "VeggieTales" animated series. It was initially released on December 21, 1993 on VHS and on February 10, 2003 in DVD format and the recording DVD. Subtitled "A Lesson in Handling Fear", it features two short stories titled "Tales from the Crisper" and "Daniel and the Lion's Den", as well as the first Silly Song, "The Water Buffalo Song". The first feature stars Junior Asparagus who is afraid of the dark after watching a scary film on television, while the second is a re-telling of the Biblical story, Daniel and the Lion's Den. Its theme is handling fear. Big Idea celebrated their 18th Anniversary on September 20, 2008, during which "Where's God when I'm S-Scared?" was re-released with remastered picture and sound.
Silly Song: "The Water Buffalo Song"
"God Wants Me to Forgive Them!?!" (1994).
God Wants Me To Forgive Them?!? was released on October 3, 1994 and then on DVD on May 18, 2004. Subtitled "A Lesson in Forgiveness," the episode features two short stories on the subject. The first is about a family of cranky grapes that torments a young boy (Junior) who needs to find it within himself to forgive them (a loose parody of John Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath"). The second is a parody of the television series "Gilligan's Island" starring Larry the Cucumber and Bob The Tomato.
Silly Song: None (replaced with Scallion #1 pitching the "Forgive-O-Matic")
"Are You My Neighbor?" (1995).
Are You My Neighbor? is the third episode of the "VeggieTales" animated series. It was released on February 1, 1995 on VHS and on March 14, 2004 on DVD. Subtitled "A Lesson in Loving Your Neighbor", it features two short stories that teach viewers that they should love people even if they seem different or strange to them. The first story, entitled The Story of Flibber-o-loo, is based on the Biblical parable of the Good Samaritan and features two cities called Flibber-O-Loo and Jibberty-Lot whose citizens despise each other because of their differing headgear. The second, "The Gourds Must/Should Be Crazy", is a parody of "" in which the crew need to repair their starship before it is struck by a meteor made entirely of popcorn.
Silly Song: "The Hairbrush Song"
"Rack, Shack & Benny" (1995).
Rack, Shack & Benny was released in October 10, 1995 on VHS and re-released on DVD on February 8, 2002. Subtitled "A Lesson in Handling Peer Pressure", it teaches viewers that they should resist peer pressure and stand up for what they believe. The video retells the story of Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego being thrown into the fiery furnace from the book of Book of Daniel. In this Biblical Story, King Nebuchadnezzar II requires that all his subjects bow down before a false idol. But three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, refuse and are thrown into a furnace. Miraculously they aren't harmed, and Nebuchadnezzar recognizes the power of their God. "Rack, Shack, and Benny" keeps true to the original story but places it in a chocolate factory where the owner "Nebby K. Nezzar" offers three of his employees (played by Larry, Bob, and Junior) a promotion if they worship his most favorite thing in life; a statue of a chocolate bunny.
Silly Song: "The Dance of the Cucumber"
"Dave and the Giant Pickle" (1996).
Dave and the Giant Pickle was released in March 1, 1996 on VHS and re-released on DVD on February 9, 2003. Subtitled "A Lesson in Self-Esteem", it gives the message that with God's help, people can accomplish any goal. The lesson is illustrated through a retelling of the biblical story of David and Goliath from the Book of Samuel. The episode's countertop segments are memorable for giving fans their first glimpse of Larry-Boy and hearing his catchphrase, "I am that Hero!".
Silly Song: "I Love My Lips"
"The Toy That Saved Christmas" (1996).
The Toy That Saved Christmas is the first holiday special in the "VeggieTales" series. It was released in October 4 1996 on VHS and DVD on September 15, 2002. The episode presents the Biblical story of the birth of Jesus as the true meaning of Christmas. It takes place in 'Dinkletown' where Mr. Nezzar disguises himself as Santa Claus in order to get children to believe that Christmas is about receiving more toys so that he can make a fortune selling his best toy; Buzz-Saw Louie, a doll that has a Buzz Saw built into his right arm. However, one of the "Louie" dolls doesn't like this idea and sets out to foil Nezzar's scheme.
Silly Song: "Oh Santa"
"Larry-Boy! And the Fib from Outer Space!" (1997).
Larry-Boy! And the Fib from Outer Space! was released in April 1997 and on May 18, 2004 on DVD. This is the first adventure featuring the Larry the Cucumber as Larry-Boy, the hero of the city of Bumblyburg, after he was introduced in Dave and the Giant Pickle. Subtitled "A Lesson in Telling the Truth", Larry-Boy must confront an alien from outer space, Fib, that grows out of control due to Junior's lies.
Silly Song: None (replaced with Larry-Boy music video)
"Josh and the Big Wall!" (1997).
Josh and the Big Wall! was released in October 1997 on VHS and re-released on DVD on February 8, 2002. Subtitled "A Lesson in Obedience", the story follows the plight of Josh (played by Larry) and the Israelites and retells the Battle of Jericho. Features the French Peas in similar roles to the French knights from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail".
Silly Song: "Song of the Cebú"
"Madame Blueberry" (1998).
Madame Blueberry was released in July 21, 1998 on VHS and then on May 18, 2003 on DVD. Subtitled "A Lesson in Thankfulness", it follows the title character's descent into materialism and conveys the message that material possessions will never truly make us happy and instead be thankful for what you have. The episode is a loose parody of the novel "Madame Bovary" by Gustave Flaubert.
Silly Song: "His Cheeseburger"
"Larry-Boy and the Rumor Weed" (1999).
Larry-Boy and the Rumor Weed is the second Larry-Boy adventure. It was released on July 27, 1999 on VHS and on May 18, 2004 in DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in the Power of Words", it illustrates how slanderous words or unfounded rumors can be destructive, and conversely, how positive words can do good. It is a mild parody of "Little Shop of Horrors" and stars Junior and Laura who start rumors about Alfred (Archibald Asparagus) and features Larry in a return performance as "Larry-Boy".
Silly Song: None
"King George and the Ducky" (2000).
King George and the Ducky was released in April 4, 2000 on VHS and on DVD on May 18, 2003. Subtitled "A Lesson about Selfishness", it teaches that we must think of others before ourselves. The message is conveyed through a story based on the Biblical account of David and Bathsheba from the Book of Second Samuel. Although the "VeggieTales" adaptation remains relatively true to the source, Bathsheba is represented by a rubber duck, thus replacing the sin of adultery with the less difficult ideas of coveting and theft. The essence of the story remains intact: King George (Larry) covets something belonging to his neighbor (Junior) and takes it for his own. Later the selfish act is exposed by the prophet Melvin (Pa Grape).
Silly Song: "Endangered Love"
"Esther... The Girl Who Became Queen" (2000).
Esther... The Girl Who Became Queen was released on September 20, 2000 on VHS & DVD released in May 18, 2003. Subtitled "A Lesson in Courage", the story is taken from the Book of Esther in the Old Testament, in which Esther becomes Queen and must tell King Xerxes that his prime minister Haman is plotting to commit genocide against the Jews. However the violence is replaced with banishment to the "Island of Perpetual Tickling," and the intended victims are limited to Esther and her family without reference to their race or creed. The presentation of the story was inspired by "The Godfather" and "Casablanca" and has stylistic elements of a Film Noir. The dramatic lighting, deep shadows, dark plot elements, settings, and narrative voiceovers all contribute to the effect.
Silly Song: None
"Lyle the Kindly Viking" (2001).
Lyle the Kindly Viking was released on March 24, 2001. Subtitled "A Lesson in Sharing," it features two short stories about sharing and selflessness. The first, titled "Omelet", is a parody of Shakespeare's "Hamlet". In the title feature, Junior stars as Lyle, a Viking who secretly gives his share of the loot back to the people who the Vikings robbed in this parody of Gilbert and Sullivan's comic operas. It is the first episode which Archibald hosts.
Silly Song: "Larry's High Silk Hat"
"The Star of Christmas" (2002).
The Star of Christmas is the second holiday special in the "VeggieTales" series and was released on October 29, 2002. Its theme is the true meaning of Christmas and stars Bob and Larry as Cavis and Millward, two theater proprietors whose extravagant production threatens to overwhelm Edmund's (Junior's) modest Christmas pageant on opening night.
"The Ballad of Little Joe" (2003).
The Ballad of Little Joe was released on August 5, 2003 on DVD format. It is subtitled "A Lesson in Facing Hardship" and is an American Western version of the Biblical story of Joseph starring Larry as the title character.
The Silly Song: "Bellybutton"
"An Easter Carol" (2004).
An Easter Carol was released on February 10, 2004 on DVD format. The episode is a reworking of "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens with Mr. Nezzer playing the role of Ebenezer Scrooge. It is the sequel to "The Star of Christmas", picks up where that episode left off with Cavis and Millward going to work in his uncle's (Mr. Nezzer) Easter Egg factory, and climaxes in the clearest presentation of the gospel in the series. Its lessons include hope, faith, and the resurrection of Jesus.
Silly Song: None
"A Snoodle's Tale" (2004).
"A Snoodle's Tale" was released on May 31, 2004 on DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in Self Worth", the episode focuses on teaching viewers that they are special in God's eyes and that they don't need to have extraordinary talents or resort to gimmicks to be worthy individuals. The episode contains two main features. The first is a parody of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde". The second is the story of a small whimsical creature called a Snoodle who is suffering through a crisis of self-esteem. The narration is done in the style of Dr. Seuss, deftly capturing his iconic cadence, rhyme schemes, nonsense phraseology, and fanciful sense of place.
The Silly Song: "Sport Utility Vehicle"
"Sumo of the Opera" (2004).
Sumo of the Opera was released on August 31, 2004 in DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in Perseverance", it teaches viewers the importance of working through adversity to accomplish one's goals. This was the first regular "VeggieTales" show produced by the new Big Idea, Inc. team after the purchase by Classic Media following bankruptcy sale in late 2003. The main story of the episode is a direct spoof of one of Gilbert and Sullivan's most famous works, "The Mikado", as well as the Rocky film series, and "The Karate Kid" with Larry starring as clown turned sumo wrestler Italian Scallion. The parody of the Mikado is so transparent that most of the music is credited to Arthur Sullivan himself.
Silly Song: "School House Polka"
"Duke and the Great Pie War" (2005).
Duke and the Great Pie War was released on March 8, 2005 in DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in Loving Your Family", it includes two stories aimed at teaching the value of family and the importance of putting others' needs ahead of your own. The first story, "Babysitter in De-Nile", is retelling of story of the baby Moses from the Book of Exodus from the point of view of Miriam. The second story, "Duke and the Great Pie War", is a prequel to "King George and the Ducky", is based on the Book of Ruth, and recast in a medieval setting. In this account, Larry stars as Duke Duke who agrees to redeem the impoverished Princess Petunia (in the debut of Petunia Rhubarb) and her mother (Madame Blueberry) by winning a tournament of "knightly" contests.
Silly Song: "The Blues With Larry"
"Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Samson's Hairbrush" (2005).
"Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Samson's Hairbrush" was released on August 9, 2005 on DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in Dealing with Bullies", it features two stories that advise viewers on how to confront, overcome, and forgive bullies. The first, "Bully Trouble" is a pragmatic look at how Junior overcomes trouble on the playground. In contrast, the title story is a parody of the Steven Spielberg film "Raiders of the Lost Ark" with Minnesota Cuke (Larry) searching for Samson's Hairbrush in the catacombs under the town of Seville, Spain while being tormented by a rival treasure hunter, (Mr. Lunt).
Silly Song: "Pizza Angel"
"Lord of the Beans" (2005).
Lord of the Beans was released on December 15, 2005 on DVD. Subtitled "A Lesson in Using Your Gifts", its goal is to teach viewers how they can use their talents to bring joy to others rather than merely bringing glory or satisfaction to themselves. In this parody of J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings", Junior stars as Toto Baggypants as he and the rest of the "Fellowship Of The Bean" journey through "Center-Earth" to discover the purpose of Toto's gift. The parody is so overt that character names and places are taken directly from the source and changed to fit the "VeggieTales" context. In spite of this, the plot does not follow verbatim and recognizable scenes are reinterpreted to create humor or underscore the video's message.
Silly Song: "My Baby Elf"
"Sheerluck Holmes and the Golden Ruler" (2006).
Sheerluck Holmes and the Golden Ruler was released on March 14, 2006 on DVD format. Subtitled "A Lesson in Friendship", it features two stories that illustrate what it means to be a good friend. The first, "Asparagus of La Mancha", is a parody of "Don Quixote de la Mancha" by Miguel de Cervantes. The second, "Sheerluck Holmes", is a parody of the "Sherlock Holmes" novels and stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in which Larry stars as the title character who is trying to recover the stolen Golden Ruler.
Silly Song: "Gated Community"
"LarryBoy and the Bad Apple" (2006).
LarryBoy and the Bad Apple is the third installment of the LarryBoy adventures. It was released on July 29, 2006 and the first Veggietales episode not to be released on VHS. This episode focuses on dealing with temptations as "The Bad Apple" is a reference to the widely held speculation that the forbidden fruit which Adam and Eve were tempted to eat in Genesis 3 was the apple. While all the LarryBoy episodes have always drawn on elements of the Batman series, this one is an overt parody with some elements, sound effects, and images borrowed from the source nearly intact. Also included are elements of the Spider-Man movies as LarryBoy swings from building to building while on patrol.
Silly Song: None (replaced with "Rock On 'LarryBoy!'")
"Gideon: Tuba Warrior" (2006).
Gideon: Tuba Warrior was released on November 4, 2006 on DVD. The story is an adaptation of the Biblical story of Gideon from the Book of Judges with Larry starring in the title role. Also included is a second episode about George Müller. Its lesson is about trusting God.
Silly Song: "Lance the Turtle"
"Moe and the Big Exit" (2007).
Moe and the Big Exit is the thirty-first episode in the "VeggieTales" series. Its lesson is following directions. Written by Mike Nawrocki and directed by Brian K. Roberts, it is based on the Biblical story of Moses from the Book of Exodus. Adapted as a parody of "The Lone Ranger", it is a sequel to "The Ballad of Little Joe" and occurs years after Little Joe's death (similar to The Exodus occurring years after the death of Joseph) when his ancestors have now become enslaved by the Mayor of Dodgeball City.
Silly Song: "A Mess Down in Egypt"
"The Wonderful Wizard of Ha's" (2007).
"The Wonderful Wizard of Ha's" was released on DVD on October 6, 2007. It stars Junior as Darby in the role of the Prodigal Son and is a parody of "The Wizard of Oz". Its theme is loss and redemption.
Silly Song: "Monkey"
"Tomato Sawyer and Huckleberry Larry's Big River Rescue" (2008).
"Tomato Sawyer and Huckleberry Larry's Big River Rescue" was released on July 13, 2008. In the story, Grandpa George stars as Clark Wayne (a parody of Mark Twain) alongside Larry as Huckleberry Larry and Bob as Tomato Sawyer in a parody of Twain's novels "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" and "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
Silly Song: "The Biscuit of Zazzamarandabo"
"Abe and the Amazing Promise" (2009).
Abe and the Amazing Promise was released in February 2009. Subtitled "A Lesson in Patience", the episode features two story segments that deal with patience and waiting. The first is a retelling of the birth of Isaac from the point of view of a film crew interviewing Abraham and Sarah (Pa & Ma Grape). The second tells about the efforts of the "Boo-Boo-Ville" residents to attract the Boo-Boo Bird back to their town in time for the annual festival.
Silly Song: "Sneeze If You Have To"
"Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Noah's Umbrella" (2009).
"Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Noah's Umbrella" was released on DVD on August 1, 2009 and is a sequel to "Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Samson's Hairbrush". Like its predecessor, the episode is a parody of the "Indiana Jones" franchise and features Minnesota (Larry) & Julia (Petunia) and their search for Noah's Umbrella.
Silly Song: "Sippy Cup"
"Saint Nicholas: A Story of Joyful Giving" (2009).
Saint Nicholas: A Story of Joyful Giving is the third Christmas-themed VeggieTales episode after The Toy That Saved Christmas and The Star of Christmas. The episode is a loose retelling of the story of Saint Nicholas and features newcomer Nicky the Pepper as he learns the spirit of giving after a visit to Bethlehem following the death of his parents. Amy Grant and Matthew West perform a song written specially for this movie.
Silly Song: "Donuts for Benny"
"Pistachio – The Little Boy That Woodn't" (2010).
"Pistachio – The Little Boy That Woodn't" was released February 27, 2010 and is a VeggieTales twist on Carlo Collodi's Pinocchio. Gelato is a toymaker who has three orphaned ducklings and a caterpillar named Cricket for children. One day he's given a special piece of Pistachio wood that he carves into a "boy" (Junior Asparagus) which he names him Pistachio. After coming to life, Pistachio doesn't want to listen to his father and runs off. Along the way he meets a fox and a cat which leads to more trouble for Pistachio. Its theme is listening to your parents.
Silly Song: "Where have all the Staplers Gone"
"Sweetpea Beauty: A Girl After God's Own Heart" (2010).
Silly Song: "Pants"
"It's a Meaningful Life" (2010).
"It's a Meaningful Life" was released on October 5, 2010. Larry stars in the main role of "Stewart" in the episode which is an homage, in both title and overall theme, of the movie "It's A Wonderful Life" starring Jimmy Stewart. Its lesson is about being content.
Silly Song: "Goodnight Junior"
"Twas The Night Before Easter" (2011).
Twas The Night Before Easter was released on March 5, 2011 and stars Larry and Petunia star in the second "VeggieTales" Easter story. Its theme is the true meaning of Easter. Guest starring is the American Idol finalist, Melinda Doolittle as Cassie Cassava.
Silly Song: "Hopperena"
"Princess and the Popstar" (2011).
Princess and the Popstar was released on August 16, 2011 release and is a VeggieTales twist on The Prince and the Pauper. Princess Poppyseed (Laura Carrot) is a farm girl, who yearns for the life of the famous popstar, Vanna Banana (also played by Laura). One day, the two meet and notice how they look very much alike and decide to switch lives in an attempt to live their dreams. The lesson is being who God made you to be.
Silly Song: "Astonishing Wigs"
"The Little Drummer Boy" (2011).
The Little Drummer Boy was released October 4, 2011 and stars Junior in the character role. The plot and action are taken directly from the 1968 Rankin/Bass stop motion animated Christmas Special of the same name.
Silly Song: "The Eight Polish Foods of Christmas"
"Robin Good And His Not-So Merry Men" (2012).
Robin Good And His Not-So-Merry Men was released on March 6, 2012 and is a story about handling grief. It's a Veggie twist of the English tale Robin Hood. The second story is Lenny and the Lost Birthday.
Silly Song: "Bubble Wrap"
"The Penniless Princess" (2012).
The Penniless Princess was released August 11, 2012 and is a Veggie retelling of Frances Hodgson Burnett's 1905 novel, A Little Princess. Sara Crewe is taken to a boarding school and has everything that she could ever want. However after her father (Larry the Cucumber) dies, she becomes penniless and is made a servant at the school. Despite her unfortunate circumstances, Sara still maintains her positive attitude and helps those around her. The video's lesson is true worth.
Silly Song: "Best Friends Forever"
"The League of Incredible Vegetables" (2012).
The League of Incredible Vegetables was released October 16, 2012 and is the fourth LarryBoy video. Dr. Flurry is a mad scientist who wants to freeze Bumblyburg and LarryBoy must seek out other superheroes to help defeat him. Mr Lunt (as S-Cape), Petunia Rhubarb (as Vogue), Junior Asparagus (as Ricochet), and Bob the Tomato (as Thingamabob) help LarryBoy. The lesson is handling Fear.
Silly Song: "Supper Hero"
"The Little House That Stood" (2013).
The Little House That Stood was released on March 5, 2013 and is a Veggie retelling of the Three Little Pigs and the Parable of the Wise and the Foolish Builders. When the three pigs come to town searching for a building contractor, they find that Larry the Cucumber builds with hay and Mr. Lunt builds with bricks, but only Bob the Tomato follows plans from the Master Builder's Handbook. The lesson is about making good choices. The video also includes a bonus story about what happened before Humpty Dumpty (Bob) cracked.
Silly Song: "Happy Tooth Day"
"MacLarry and the Stinky Cheese Battle" (2013).
MacLarry and the Stinky Cheese Battle was released on July 30, 2013. "In a land flowing with beards and kilts, there live two clans who are locked in a silly feud! As tensions escalate, one tribe plans their biggest prank yet. But when the loathsome-smelling Limburger cheese caper goes afoul, will a young inventor named MacLarry use his God-given gifts to help both clans resolve their differences for good?" The lesson is in getting along with others.
Silly Song: "Stilts and Kilts"
"Merry Larry and the True Light of Christmas" (2013).
Merry Larry and the True Light of Christmas was released on October 19, 2013. As Head Elf at the mall, Larry the Cucumber discovers that Mrs. Crespie's house burned down and he's determined to get her a new one by creating a light show that will attract the people from the town. Meanwhile, Phillip Fleagle (Bob the Tomato) and his employee Mr. Lunt only care about creating a spectacular holiday display for "The Mall King's" (Archibald Asparagus) mall. Its theme is the true light of Christmas. The video is narrated by Si Robertson of Duck Dynasty fame who appears as an okra mall janitor.
Silly Song: "Wrapped Myself Up For Christmas"
"Veggies in Space: The Fennel Frontier" (2014).
Veggies in Space: The Fennel Frontier will be released on March 11, 2014. Captain Cuke (Larry the Cucumber), First Officer, Mr. Spork (Bob the Tomato), and the rest of the crew of the USS Applepies are sent to stop the evil space pirate, Luntar the Looter (Mr. Lunt). Its theme is the power of sharing. 
Silly Song: "Asteroid Cowboys"

</doc>
<doc id="19816597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816597" title="Unsubscribe">
Unsubscribe

Unsubscribe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19816630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816630" title="Angelo Grizzetti">
Angelo Grizzetti

Angelo Grizzetti (born on May 14, 1916) is an Italian born French former footballer and coach. 
He played for Sochaux, RC Paris, Angoulême and CA Paris.
After his playing career, he became a coach with Monaco, Red Star, CA Paris, Angoulême and Racing Paris-Neuilly.

</doc>
<doc id="19816634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816634" title="Rudolf Mühlbauer">
Rudolf Mühlbauer

Rudolf Mühlbauer (23 March 1919 – 26 March 2000) was a "Maat" in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Mühlbauer was born in Königsbruck. He served as a lookout on "U-123" on numerous war patrols under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Karl-Heinz Moehle, "Kapitänleutnant" Reinhard Hardegen and "Oberleutnant zur See" Horst von Schroeter.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded by Admiral Hans-Georg von Friedeburg on 10 December 1944 in Kiel. In July 1945 Mühlbauer participated in Operation Deadlight, the sinking of various German submarines by the British.
Mühlbauer died, aged 81, in Laussnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19816642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816642" title="Amnon Cohen">
Amnon Cohen

Amnon Cohen (, born 1 June 1960) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Shas.
Biography.
Born in Samarkand in the Soviet Union (today in Uzbekistan), Cohen made aliyah to Israel in 1973. He gained a BA in business administration at the Center for Academic Studies in Kiryat Ono and took a two-year course at the Institute for Local Government in Bar-Ilan University.
Cohen served as deputy mayor and acting mayor of Ramla, and chaired the city's Organisation for Prisoner Rehabilitation. He has also been a member of the city union on Secondary Education, the Ayalon Sewage Programme, the Ayalon Fire Department and the board of Amal College.
He was first elected to the Knesset on Shas' list in 1999 and chaired the Public Petitions committee. He retained his seat in the 2003 elections, after which he chaired the State Control and Economic Affairs committees. He was re-elected again in 2006, and served as a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. In 2006 he won the Quality of Government Badge for legislators. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections after being placed fourth on the Shas list.
Cohen is married with four children and lives in Ramla.

</doc>
<doc id="19816655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816655" title="NERO International">
NERO International

NERO International is a live action role-playing game (LARP) played in the United States and Canada. The NERO name originally was an acronym for "New England Role playing Organization", but the game has expanded well beyond its original New England roots and thus simply adopted the acronym as part of the official name.
NERO is a lightest touch "boffer" style LARP that uses simulated combat with padded weapons. At a NERO event, players gather at a group campsite (often a State or National Park) on weekends reserved by the local chapter. A group of staff members write the plot and story for the event, while a cast of volunteer NPCs play the roles of monsters and townspeople. The heroes of the event (or Player characters called PCs), play participate in the event.
Over the course of an event, characters earn treasure in the form of fake gold and silver coins, magical components, or enchanted items through battle with fantasy monsters and by solving puzzles or other challenges. Characters also earn experience points for surviving the weekend which they can use to buy more skills and become more powerful.
History.
The first gatherings of the group that would later become NERO were held by Ford Ivey in rural Massachusetts, under the name "Weekend Warriors" in 1986 after he was inspired by a New Hampshire game called "Midrealms Adventures". In March 1988 they began to work on the idea that instead of each game being a separate game with separate characters and each game having a single linear plot-line, there would be a single game world, persistent characters, and multiple overlapping and long-term plotlines.
In fall of 1989 they changed their name to the New England Role playing Organization and began to operate larger events. The first event in April 1989 drew approximately 150 participants, and the game slowly grew over the next three years. By 1991, weekend event attendance peaked between 300 and 500 participants and the organization reportedly had over 1,300 paid members.
In September 1991, Issue #173 of "Dragon" magazine published an article about NERO.
In 1998, Joseph Valenti purchased NERO from Ivey and began selling franchise licenses to people who wished to open and operate a local chapter in their area.
Over the years, a number of chapters or groups of chapters have broken away from NERO to form their own, separate organizations. Among these are LAIRE, Southern Organization for Live Action Re-enactments (SOLAR), Alliance LARP, and Heroic Interactive Theater.
The Tyrran Campaign Setting.
The setting of NERO is the world of Tyrra, a medieval fantasy world. The normal NERO campaign is set on the continent of Avalon. The world map of Tyrra very roughly resembles Earth, with Avalon being in the position of North America. Other continents generally only appear as elements of rumor and lore, or as the source of travelers (or enemies) from afar.
See also.
List of live action role-playing groups

</doc>
<doc id="19816673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816673" title="Universal access method">
Universal access method

The universal access method (UAM) is frequently used by WiFi operators to allow access to a wireless network or access to another network while roaming.
The roaming customer uses a regular web browser to access a login page on the captive portal where he can fill in his credentials (typically his username and password) to get access to the network.
AAA is then usually done using RADIUS.

</doc>
<doc id="19816676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816676" title="Anocht FM">
Anocht FM

Anocht FM, founded in 2005, is a national Irish-language radio station broadcasting across Ireland.
Anocht FM broadcasts between 9 pm and 1 am weekdays and shares the same frequency as RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta. It has mainly a young audience.
The shows are:

</doc>
<doc id="19816688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816688" title="Arei no Kagami">
Arei no Kagami

Plot.
The story follows Daichi Meguru and Mayu, a young boy and a pilot, as they flee their war torn planet and into space. Upon their ship a stowaway android named Zero joins their quest as they travel through Halley's Mirror.
Media.
The movie was only shown once and was then released on VHS. Very few media or products were released, except for a few at the Expo. There has been no DVD or Blu-ray release.
A soundtrack was released as a vinyl record.

</doc>
<doc id="19816694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816694" title="Louis Marie Turreau">
Louis Marie Turreau

Louis Marie Turreau (4 July 1756, Évreux, Eure – 10 December 1816, Conches), also known as "Turreau de Garambouville" or "Turreau de Linières", was a French general officer of the French Revolutionary Wars. He was most notable as the organisor of the colonnes infernales during the war in the Vendée, which massacred tens of thousands of Vendéens and ravaged the countryside. He attained army command, but without notable military accomplishments. Under the First French Empire, he pursued a career as a high functionary, becoming ambassador to the United States then a baron d'Empire.
Life.
Early life.
Louis-Marie Turreau's father was fiscal procurator for waters and forests to the comté d'Évreux, before becoming mayor of Évreux. This situation imparted certain privileges to the Turreau family, even though they were not nobles. Turreau was nevertheless a fervent revolutionary from 1789, profiting like many others, especially the bourgeois of that era. Elected mayor of Aviron, he bought several clerical estates (such as that of the abbaye de Conches).
Career to 1794.
Before the Revolution, he had not had any real military activity, having entered the guards corps of the comte d’Artois but only been inscribed for supernumerary roles (he was only a reservist). On the Revolution, he entered the National Guard of Conches, and took over as its leader in July 1792. In September he was elected captain of a company of volunteers from Eure and set out to fight on the northern frontiers. Made a colonel in November, he was integrated into the armée de Moselle.
In June 1793, Turreau was brought into the armée des côtes de La Rochelle, remaining so until 8 October, though this post did not please him - he wrote to a friend "I would move heaven and earth not to go to Poitou. This kind of war displeases me." Even so, he fought for two months in the Vendée. He served as head of the Army of the Eastern Pyrenees from 12 October until 27 November 1793. During that period, he was defeated by Spanish General Antonio Ricardos at the Battle of the Tech (Pla-del-Rey) on 13–15 October. In January 1794, he denounced fellow general Eustache Charles d'Aoust to the Committee of Public Safety, leading to d'Aoust's execution in July. He became commander in chief of the Armée de l'Ouest from 29 December, but he again regarded this post with little enthusiasm. Before he arrived at his post, the last elements of the Armée catholique et royale were erased by Jean-Baptiste Kléber and François Séverin Marceau at the Battle of Savenay on 23 December.
Later career.
On 20 May Turreau was named governor of Belle-Île, then arrested on 28 September 1794. He spent a year in prison, which he used to edit his "Mémoires pour servir à l’histoire de la Vendée". He refused the amnesty of 4 Brumaire year IV which closed the works of the National Convention, aiming to be unequivocally rehabilitated. On 19 December 1795 he was acquitted by a military tribunal which judged he had only been obeying orders. Under the French Consulate he was sent as an envoy to Switzerland. In May and June 1800, he commanded a division in a diversionary attack on Turin from the west but missed the Battle of Marengo. From 1803 to 1811 he was French ambassador to the United States of America, then commander of several military strongholds.
In 1814, he submitted to Louis XVIII and during the Hundred Days published a "Mémoire contre le retour éphémère des hommes à privilèges". On the Bourbon Restoration he was not prosecuted, either for libel or for the colonnes infernales. He was on the list of those awarded the cross of Saint-Louis, but died before being able to attend an official ceremony of the order to receive it.

</doc>
<doc id="19816722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816722" title="USS Herald (1798)">
USS Herald (1798)

USS "Herald" was built at Newburyport, Massachusetts and purchased by the US Navy from Edward Davis on 15 June 1798. She sailed from Boston on 22 August 1798 and cruised in the West Indies during the Quasi-War with France from 1799 to 1800. After the treaty of peace with France had been ratified on 18 February 1801, she returned to the West Indies on 23 March 1801 to recall the US Naval Forces under the command of Silas Talbot. "Herald" was sold at Boston in 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="19816731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816731" title="The Decameron">
The Decameron

The Decameron (), subtitled "Prince Galehaut" (Italian: "Prencipe Galeotto"), is a collection of novellas by the 14th-century Italian author Giovanni Boccaccio (1313–1375). The book is structured as a frame story containing 100 tales told by a group of seven young women and three young men sheltering in a secluded villa just outside Florence to escape the Black Death, which was afflicting the city. Boccaccio probably conceived the "Decameron" after the epidemic of 1348, and completed it by 1353. The various tales of love in "The Decameron" range from the erotic to the tragic. Tales of wit, practical jokes, and life lessons contribute to the mosaic. In addition to its literary value and widespread influence (for example on Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales"), it provides a document of life at the time. Written in the vernacular (the language of Florence), it is considered the masterpiece of classical early Italian prose.
Title.
The book's primary title exemplifies Boccaccio's fondness for Greek philology: "Decameron" combines two Greek words, , "déka" ("ten") and , "hēméra" ("day"), to form a term that means "ten-day ". Ten days is the time period in which the characters of the frame story tell their tales.
Boccaccio's subtitle, "Prencipe Galeotto" (Prince Galehaut), refers to Galehaut, a fictional king portrayed in the Lancelot-Grail who was sometimes called by the title "haut prince" ("high prince"). Galehaut was a close friend of Lancelot and an enemy of King Arthur. When Galehaut learned that Lancelot loved Arthur's wife, Guinevere, he set aside his own ardor for Lancelot in order to arrange a meeting between his friend and Guinevere. At this meeting the Queen first kisses Lancelot, and so begins their love affair.
In of "Inferno", Dante compares these fictional lovers with the real-life paramours Francesca da Rimini and Paolo Malatesta, whose relationship he fictionalises. In "Inferno", Francesca and Paolo read of Lancelot and Guinevere, and the story impassions them to lovemaking.
Dante's description of Galehaut's munificence and savoir-faire amidst this intrigue impressed Boccaccio. By invoking the name "Prencipe Galeotto" in the alternative title to "Decameron", Boccaccio alludes to a sentiment he expresses in the text: his compassion for women deprived of free speech and social liberty, confined to their homes and, at times, lovesick. He contrasts this life with that of the menfolk, who enjoy respite in sport, such as hunting, fishing, riding, and falconry.
Frame story.
In Italy during the time of the Black Death, a group of seven young women and three young men flee from plague-ridden Florence to a deserted villa in the countryside of Fiesole for two weeks. To pass the evenings, every member of the party tells a story each night, except for one day per week for chores, and the holy days in which they do no work at all, resulting in ten nights of storytelling over the course of two weeks. Thus, by the end of the fortnight they have told 100 stories.
Each of the ten characters is charged as King or Queen of the company for one of the ten days in turn. This charge extends to choosing the theme of the stories for that day, and all but two days have topics assigned: examples of the power of fortune; examples of the power of human will; love tales that end tragically; love tales that end happily; clever replies that save the speaker; tricks that women play on men; tricks that people play on each other in general; examples of virtue. Only Dioneo, who usually tells the tenth tale each day, has the right to tell a tale on any topic he wishes, due to his wit. Many authors have argued that Dioneo expresses the views of Boccaccio himself. Each day also includes a short introduction and conclusion to continue the frame of the tales by describing other daily activities besides story-telling. These frame tale interludes frequently include transcriptions of Italian folk songs. The interactions among tales in a day, or across days, as Boccaccio spins variations and reversals of previous material, forms a whole and not just a collection of stories. The basic plots of the stories including mocking the lust and greed of the clergy; tensions in Italian society between the new wealthy commercial class and noble families; the perils and adventures of traveling merchants.
Analysis.
Throughout "Decameron" the mercantile ethic prevails and predominates. The commercial and urban values of quick wit, sophistication, and intelligence are treasured, while the vices of stupidity and dullness are cured, or punished. While these traits and values may seem obvious to the modern reader, they were an emerging feature in Europe with the rise of urban centers and a monetized economic system beyond the traditional rural feudal and monastery systems which placed greater value on piety and loyalty.
Beyond the unity provided by the frame narrative, "Decameron" provides a unity in philosophical outlook. Throughout runs the common medieval theme of Lady Fortune, and how quickly one can rise and fall through the external influences of the "Wheel of Fortune". Boccaccio had been educated in the tradition of Dante's "Divine Comedy", which used various levels of allegory to show the connections between the literal events of the story and the Christian message. However, "Decameron" uses Dante's model not to educate the reader but to satirize this method of learning. The Roman Catholic Church, priests, and religious belief become the satirical source of comedy throughout. This was part of a wider historical trend in the aftermath of the Black Death which saw widespread discontent with the church.
Many details of the "Decameron" are infused with a medieval sense of numerological and mystical significance. For example, it is widely believed that the seven young women are meant to represent the Four Cardinal Virtues (Prudence, Justice, Temperance, and Fortitude) and the Three Theological Virtues (Faith, Hope, and Charity). It is further supposed that the three men represent the classical Greek tripartite division of the soul (Reason, Spirit, and Appetite, see Book IV of "Republic"). Boccaccio himself notes that the names he gives for these ten characters are in fact pseudonyms chosen as "appropriate to the qualities of each". The Italian names of the seven women, in the same (most likely significant) order as given in the text, are: "Pampinea, Fiammetta, Filomena, Emilia, Lauretta, Neifile", and "Elissa". The men, in order, are: "Panfilo, Filostrato", and "Dioneo".
Boccaccio focused on the naturalness of sex by combining and interlacing sexual experiences with nature.
Literary sources.
Boccaccio borrowed the plots of almost all his stories (just as later writers borrowed from him). Although he consulted only French, Italian and Latin sources, some of the tales have their origin in such far-off lands as India, Persia, Spain, and other places. Some were already centuries old. For example, part of the tale of Andreuccio of Perugia (II, 5) originated in 2nd century Ephesus (in the Ephesian Tale). The frame narrative structure (though not the characters or plot) originates from the Panchatantra, which was written in Sanskrit before AD 500 and came to Boccaccio through a chain of translations that includes Old Persian, Arabic, Hebrew, and Latin. Even the description of the central current event of the narrative, the Black Plague (which Boccaccio surely witnessed), is not original, but based on the "Historia gentis Langobardorum" of Paul the Deacon, who lived in the 8th century.
Some scholars have suggested that some of the tales for which there is no prior source may still not have been invented by Boccaccio, but may have been circulating in the local oral tradition, with Boccaccio simply the first person known to have recorded them. Boccaccio himself says that he heard some of the tales orally. In VII, 1, for example, he claims to have heard the tale from an old woman who heard it as a child.
The fact that Boccaccio borrowed the storylines that make up most of the "Decameron" does not mean he mechanically reproduced them. Most of the stories take place in the 14th century and have been sufficiently updated to the author's time that a reader may not know that they had been written centuries earlier or in a foreign culture. Also, Boccaccio often combined two or more unrelated tales into one (such as in II, 2 and VII, 7).
Moreover, many of the characters actually existed, such as Giotto di Bondone, Guido Cavalcanti, Saladin and King William II of Sicily. Scholars have even been able to verify the existence of less famous characters, such as the tricksters Bruno and Buffalmacco and their victim Calandrino. Still other fictional characters are based on real people, such as the Madonna Fiordaliso from tale II, 5, who is derived from a Madonna Flora who lived in the red light district of Naples. Boccaccio often intentionally muddled historical (II, 3) and geographical (V, 2) facts for his narrative purposes. Within the tales of the Decameron, the principal characters are usually developed through their dialogue and actions, so that by the end of the story they seem real and their actions logical given their context.
Another of Boccaccio's frequent techniques was to make already existing tales more complex. A clear example of this is in tale IX, 6, which was also used by Chaucer in his "The Reeve's Tale", but more closely follows the original French source than does Boccaccio's version. In the Italian version, the host's wife (in addition to the two young male visitors) occupy all three beds and she also creates an explanation of the happenings of the evening. Both elements are Boccaccio's invention and make for a more complex version than either Chaucer's version or the French source (a fabliau by Jean de Boves).
Translations into English.
"Publisher's Weekly" called Rebhorn's translation "strikingly modern" and praised its "accessibility". In an interview with "The Wall Street Journal" Rebhorn stated that he started translating the work in 2006 after deciding that the translations he was using in his classroom needed improvement. Rebhorn cited errors in the 1977 translation as one of the reasons for the new translation. Peter Bondanella, one of the translators of the 1977 edition, stated that new translations build on previous ones and that the error cited would be corrected in future editions of his translation.
Literary influence.
The stories from the Decameron influenced many later writers. Notable examples include:
A number of film adaptations have been based on tales from "The Decameron". Pier Paolo Pasolini's "Decameron" (1971) is one of the most famous. "Decameron Nights" (1953) was based on three of the tales and starred Louis Jourdan as Boccaccio. Dino De Laurentiis produced a romantic comedy film version, "Virgin Territory", in 2007. The tales are referenced in "The Borgias (2011 TV series)" in season 2, episode 7, when a fictional version of Niccolò Machiavelli mentions at a depiction of the Bonfire of the Vanities that he should have brought his friend "the Decameron" who would have told the "one-hundred and first" tale.
Boccaccio's drawings.
Since "The Decameron" was very popular among contemporaries, especially merchants, many manuscripts of it survive. The Italian philologist Vittore Branca did a comprehensive survey of them and identified a few copied under Boccaccio's supervision; some have notes written in Boccaccio's hand. Two in particular have elaborate drawings, probably done by Boccaccio himself. Since these manuscripts were widely circulated, Branca thought that they influenced all subsequent illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="19816733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816733" title="Johannes Limbach">
Johannes Limbach

Johannes Limbach (9 December 1912 in Uerdingen – 6 March 1993 in Düsseldorf) was a German U-boat 1st officer in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19816740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816740" title="Arvinder Singh Lovely">
Arvinder Singh Lovely

Arvinder Singh Lovely (born 1968) is an Indian politician, who was the Minister for Education, Tourism, Languages, Gurudwara election & Gurudwara Administration in the cabinet of the elected Indian National Congress (INC) Government which was headed by Mrs. Sheila Dikshit
Early life and education.
Arvinder Singh Lovely was born in Ludhiana, Punjab, to Balvinder Singh. He pursued his graduation from SGTB Khalsa College, University of Delhi in Political Science. He was elected to the Students' Union of the college. 
Political Career.
He was also elected as the General Secretary, Delhi Pradesh Youth Congress in the year 1990, followed by the General Secretary of the National Student Union of India during 1992-1996. He was elected to the Delhi Legislative Assembly for the first time in 1998, where he was the youngest MLA. Subsequently in 2000, he was appointed General Secretary, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) and President, East District Congress Committee (I). He was made a Minister in the cabinet in 2003. He was the Education, Tourism, Languages, Gurudwara Administration, in the Council of Ministers, Govt. of Delhi.
He has never lost an election since he was elected for the first time in 1998. He won again in Delhi Legislative Assembly election, 2013 consecutively for the fourth time from Gandhi Nagar constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="19816772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816772" title="Center of Excellence for Stability Police Units">
Center of Excellence for Stability Police Units

The Center of Excellence for Stability Police Units is a training center and a doctrinal hub created by the Italian government on 1 March 2005, in accordance with the G8 Action Plan “Expanding Global Capability for Peace Support Operations” (PSOs). This initiative is based on the international expertise developed by the Carabinieri, having served in several peace-keeping missions in the last three decades.
Targets.
The CoESPU targets are:
The Center is open to all those countries, particularly the African ones, interested in establishing their own Stability Police Units (SPUs), and employ those units in PSOs under the UN or other international organizations.
Doctrinal Hub.
Working as a “doctrinal hub”, the aim of the Center is to develop doctrine and common operational procedures for the employment of Stability Police Units in PSOs.
Multinational linkages have been established with the most active institution in the peacekeeping area, such as the United States Institute of Peace (USIP), the Pearson Peacekeeping Centre, the Defense Institute for International Legal Studies, and the US Peacekeeping Support Operation Institute.
Moreover, the Center is the “facilitator” of the Stability Police Units area in the newly created internet portal “INPROL” (International Network to Promote the Rule of Law).
International seminars and workshops have been organized to spread and share the acquired knowledge with other bodies, first of all with the UN Department of Peacekeeping Operations. Two “UN Formed Police Units Command Development seminars”, sponsored by DPKO have been hosted at CoESPU, with the participation of UN Police Commissioners, FPU Commanders, FPU Coordinators from several UN Missions, along with members of NATO, EU, Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, United States Institute of Peace (USIP) and other organizations.
Training center.
The Center offers two different levels of courses, one for senior officers and one for middle-ranked personnel. The main purpose is to prepare the attendees to establish Stability Police Units once back in their home countries.
Participants: 40 Senior Officers (Major - Colonel/or equivalent civilian)
Duration: 5 weeks; 
Frequency: 4 per year.
Participants: 100 Junior Officers/non-commissioned officers (platoon/ssquad leaders, Staff Sergeants/or civilian equivalent)
Duration: 7 weeks
Frequency: 5 per year.
All the participants should have good police skills.
The following are the main topics of the courses: 
Where.
The “Chinotto” compound, located in Vicenza, Italy, approx. from Venice.
The facilities, recently refurbished, include: 
Participants.
Have agreed to the project, and have been sending their personnel to train, the following governments:
Contributions.
Besides USA and Italy, give their contribution at "CoESPU" project, sending highly qualified staff instructors the following countries:

</doc>
<doc id="19816787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816787" title="Eulogio Balao">
Eulogio Balao

Eulogio Balao (March 11, 1907–August 1977) was a Filipino soldier and politician.
Career.
Balao joined the Philippine Constabulary as a young man and rose through its ranks. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army Forces Far East. As a commanding officer, he led 11th Infantry Battalion troops to a victorious engagement during the Battle of Bessang Pass against the Japanese troops of General Tomoyuki Yamashita. Following the war, Balao, then a Colonel, turned his military efforts towards quelling the Hukbalahap forces of the Communist Party of the Philippines in Luzon. Thereafter, in 1949, Balao was assigned to service in Nanking, China as the Philippines' Military Attaché. In 1953, he became a brigadier general and in 1954 was appointed Vice Chief of Staff before, in 1956, assuming the office of Secretary of National Defense. Balao served in that capacity from January 3, 1956 to August 28, 1957. In 1957, he was elected to the Senate of the Philippines, where he remained until 1963.
Balao received a number of awards and honors throughout his career, including the Distinguished Service Star and induction into the Philippine Legion of Honor, where he was bestowed the rank of Commander.
Balao, who was closely identified with President Ferdinand Marcos, died in 1977.
Personal life.
The son of Matias Balao and Praxedes Baluitan, Balao graduated high school in his hometown of Tuguegarao, Cagayan, in 1926. He graduated the Philippine Constabulary Academy in 1931 and in 1936 attended Officer School in Fort Benning, Georgia. He had five children, Praxedes, Juliana, Eulogio, Jr., Ramon, and Antoinette

</doc>
<doc id="19816799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816799" title="Down on His Luck">
Down on His Luck

Down on His Luck is an 1889 painting by Frederick McCubbin. It depicts a seemingly disheartened swagman, sitting by a campfire sadly brooding over his misfortune. According to an 1889 review, "The face tells of hardships, keen and blighting in their influence, but there is a nonchalant and slightly cynical expression, which proclaims the absence of all self-pity." The background is a forest glade painted in subdued tones of lighter colours.
The artist's model was Louis Abrahams, an unsuccessful gold prospector who was a friend of the artist. The scene was staged near the Box Hill artists' camp in Victoria, but it is thought that McCubbin would have made additional studies of Abrahams under studio conditions.
The painting was owned by William Fergusson until 1896, when it was purchased by the Art Gallery of Western Australia in Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19816802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816802" title="Rom baro">
Rom baro

In Romani communities in the United States and some areas of Europe, the rom baro is the tribal leader. A "rom baro" serves the same purpose as a big man in New Guinean tribal societies. He earns his position through merit, and his decisions ‒ although considered wise ‒ do not have the automatic approval of the community. Other factors in the selection of a "rom baro" include knowledge of the language of the areas of planned travel and resourcefulness in emergency situations.
Rom Baro is also the name of a Gypsy Horse stallion owned by what was once one of the largest importers of Gypsy Horses to the northern hemisphere, Black Forest Shires and Gypsy Horses (2000-2012). Barn name Tyson, Rom Baro was imported from France in 2002 and died in 2008. He appeared in the 2007 Tournament of Roses and was shown in the first known Gypsy Horse classes ever held in the U.S. 
Etymology.
The term "baro" is of Indic origin, and implies not only "big", but also powerful and important. Some Canadian and American Romani groups have substituted the term "shato", a contraction of "O Baro Shato", "the bigshot".

</doc>
<doc id="19816814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816814" title="Foreign Language Specialized School">
Foreign Language Specialized School

Foreign Language Specialized School (Vietnamese: "Phổ Thông Chuyên Ngoại Ngữ"), commonly known as FLSS or CNN, is a national public magnet high school/university-preparatory school in Hanoi, Vietnam. A part of University of Languages and International Studies - VNU, the school is one of the three national gifted high schools in Hanoi, along with HNUE Gifted High School and Natural Science Gifted High School. Currently, FLSS is Vietnam's only high school specializing in teaching foreign languages (including Chinese Mandarin, English, Russian, French, German, Japanese). Similar to other national magnet high schools, FLSS is recognized for its strong academic programs and for its large percentage (98% to 100%) of graduates attending the most prestigious universities in Vietnam and abroad. 
FLSS ranks third nationally in the 2012 Vietnam university admission ranking.
Admission to FLSS is by competitive examination only, which consists of four subjects: English, declared specialized foreign language, mathematics and literature. One of the most selective high schools in Vietnam, "FLSS" had an acceptance rate of 10.8% for its 2012 freshman class.
A student from FLSS is referred to as a "CNNer".
History.
"Foreign Language Specialized School" was founded in 1969 by a decision from the head of Ministry of Education and Training with direct administration from College of Foreign Languages.
Curriculum.
The school offers six foreign languages in its curriculum. Russian, English and Mandarin Chinese were its three initial linguistic subjects before 1980-1981 semester. French, German and Japanese were added afterward. Students are arranged into classes specializing in one primary foreign language. From 2008-2009 semester, two foreign language courses (one specialized and one elective) are required for FLSS students. Since the 2009-2010 academic year, Korean has been added as another elective foreign language, along with Chinese, English, French, German and Japanese.
In the 2009-2010 academic year, FLSS implemented teaching in English for its mathematics and science courses.
References.
[http://chuyenngoaingu.edu.vn/pages/detail/1/gioi_thieu_nha_tru%E1%BB%9Dng.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19816816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816816" title="Kooba Radio">
Kooba Radio

Kooba Radio was an independent, non-profit, Internet-based radio station focused on alternative rock, playing unsigned bands and artists with independent record labels. Kooba is PRS (Performing Right Society) registered and played to a listenership in over 20 countries.
Created 21 December 2002, Kooba Radio began was principally based in South East London. Starting initially with founders Jon Chappell (Jonny Yeah), Alex Malloy (The Boy Malloy) and She Who Must Not Be Named, the main ethos behind the station was "if you've signed, you've sold out" with a strong impetus towards the promotion of promising bands hitherto ignored by major record labels. This slogan was abandoned when it became prevalent that bands would release their music on their own labels.
The flagship show of the station is the "Jonny and Alex Show", originally featuring the principal founders (Jon and Alex) with the added participation of both occasional and regular guests appearing on a random basis. The content of the show, which often takes on the feel of the zoo format features occasional comedy sketches, irreverent chat, interviews and guest performances from musicians.
One of the many local scenes from South East London which Kooba helped promote was the Basement Rock movement.
The station started out with a once a week show which streamed on-demand over the Internet using SHOUTcast via a link on the website. It has since greatly expanded its listening audience following the advent of the popular podcast broadcast platform, going on to be noted in Time Out London's Podcast of the Week in 2006.
The style of music played on the shows is varied and includes alt rock, electro, post rock, punk, post punk, classic rock, metal, folk, pronk, hip hop, rock and roll, comedy, blues, experimental and a myriad of other styles.
Christathon.
By far Kooba's most successful creation is Christathon – Kooba Radio’s annual crucifixion themed pub crawl. The term gained enough notoriety to appear in the urban dictionary, which describes Christathon as "An annual gathering in the city of London, where participants dress like Jesus and go on a pub crawl via various religiously named bars and pubs ... to raise money for charity".
Christathon went viral in 2011 leading to media attention from timeout and AllInLondon.
Although Kooba Radio closed in 2012 another Christathon is planned for Easter Sunday 2014, this time organised by people unaffiliated to Kooba Radio.
Station Closure.
Kooba Radio ceased recording new shows at the end of 2012, marking the end of a decade broadcasting unsigned bands and new music.
The last show-proper was the run down of the 2012 Band of the Year Competition. This will be followed by Christathon 2013 and a 1-off live special later in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19816820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816820" title="Going to Press">
Going to Press

Going to Press is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 204th "Our Gang" short (205th episode, 116th talking short, 117th talking episode, and 36th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Synopsis.
Determined to uncover the identity of the mysterious leader of a juvenile extortion racket, the gang sets up a crusading newspaper called The Greenpoint Press. The kids gratefully accept the help of a pleasant, well-spoken youngster named Frank, little suspecting that he is the duplicitous boss of the dreaded Gas House Gang. Only after Frank's henchmen have taken Froggy for a "ride" (a harmless but painful one) are the kids able to expose the villain and save the day.
Notes.
Juanita Quigley reprises her earlier guest character of "Sally" from 1940's The New Pupil though here Quigley is the female lead and a full Our Gang member - the only episode in the MGM era with someone other than Darla Hood or the series' later leading lady, Janet Burston (who has a small part in this episode). These were Quigley's only two appearances in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19816840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816840" title="Watheroo, Western Australia">
Watheroo, Western Australia

Watheroo is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
Land in the area was settled by James Oliver in 1851, the area was surveyed in 1871 and the name Watheroo was charted for the first time. Watheroo is a thriving farming Wheatbelt town, farming livestock and grain.
The name is Indigenous Australian in origin and was the name of a nearby spring. The word Watheroo is derived from the word "Wardo" which means little bird or more specifically the Willy Wagtail or from the word "Wardoro" which means water.
The town was an original station on the Midland Railway Company railway line to Walkaway. 
The townsite was gazetted in 1907.
Following flooding along the Moore River in 1907, the railway lines between Watheroo and Moora were closed for some time when parts of the track were washed away. Rail services were again affected in 1917 when of rain fell in three hours causing more flooding, washways and the railyard in town to be submerged.

</doc>
<doc id="19816859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816859" title="Damon Leigh">
Damon Leigh

"Dangerous" Damon Leigh, real name Damon Bradley, is an English professional wrestler.
Bradley first became involved in British wrestling when he joined NPWA to begin his training with Steve Starr and FaHrenheit. It was there where he met and helped to train tag team partner and longtime friend Joey Hayes and also first encountered longtime rival Heresy. Other students at the gym at that time were Roxi and TJ Cain. 
Along with many of his peers from NPWA, Bradley moved onto become part of Garage Pro Wrestling (GPW). He was one of the wrestlers on GPW's roster when the promotion first opened. During his time with the company, he has held the GPW British Championship on four occasions, feuding with such wrestlers as Alex Shane over the title. Bradley started making appearances all round the UK wrestling scene for All Star Wrestling and Frontier Wrestling. In more recent times he has travelled across Europe to wrestle for westside Xtreme wrestling in Germany and Dutch Championship Wrestling in Holland, as well as XWA and FutureShock Wrestling in the North West.
Away from shows he has also played an instrumental part in helping to train a lot of the current British wrestlers from the North West, including Joey Hayes, Danny Hope, CJ Banks, Juggernaut and many others.
Damon is also credited with being an instrumental part in the running of GPW, turning his hand to promoting shows for a number of months and then helping out behind the scenes ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19816863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816863" title="Don't Lie (film)">
Don't Lie (film)

"Don't Lie" is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 205th "Our Gang" short (206th episode, 117th talking short, 118th talking episode, and 37th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Buckwheat's accurate report of a wandering monkey is ignored because of his past fibs, with resulting confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="19816875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816875" title="The Gerry Ryan Show">
The Gerry Ryan Show

The Gerry Ryan Show (often referred to as The Ryan Show, The G. Ryan Show or GRS) was RTÉ 2fm's mid-morning radio show. Presented by Gerry Ryan until hours before his sudden death, it was launched in March 1988 and ran from nine until midday on weekday mornings.
Described by the BBC as "a de-facto forum for the nation, the radio equivalent of "The Late Late Show" on RTÉ television", the show, in its later years, popularised the satire of "Nob Nation", spawned the cross-media event "Operation Transformation" and provided a launchpad for the career of Ryan Tubridy. Siobhan Hough was resident producer of the show.
Sponsorship.
At the time of his death Ryan had the largest audience on RTÉ 2fm. He presented the station's only show which was regularly among the top twenty Irish radio shows in Ireland, a show which commanded around €4-5 million for RTÉ per annum, mainly through advertising (one thirty-second advertisement during the show cost €900). This meant RTÉ would have earned €27,000 through advertising per day.
In March 2008 RTÉ's difficulties in securing a sponsor for a number of their radio shows was placed under the spotlight. "The Gerry Ryan Show" was one of the shows given away for cheaper than the normal rates.
Format.
The show consisted of topical interviews and phone-ins via the "Ryan Line". Ryan began by discussing the headlines of that morning's newspapers. Following the news update at 10:00, he introduced that morning's "Nob Nation", a satirical slot which featured impersonations of politicians and RTÉ media personnel comparable to rival station Today FM's "Gift Grub". "GRS" was preceded by the ever-changing breakfast slot, currently occupied by "The Colm & Jim-Jim Breakfast Show". Stand-in presenters included Gareth O'Callaghan, Rick O'Shea, Jenny Huston, Avril Hoare and even axed breakfast host, Marty Whelan. There were also contributions from Evelyn O'Rourke, Fiona Looney (weekly) and Jenny Huston. Looney and Ryan's fondness for one another led to Looney being dubbed Ryan's "on-air wife".
Willie O'Reilly was the show's executive producer until June 1999, and was chief executive of Today FM at Ryan's death.
History.
1988–1994.
Ryan found the time period around the start of "GRS" exciting - "the whole machine shook... it was like the space-shuttle engines starting up". The defining moment of the show came in 1993. When Levinia Kerwick was raped and her rapist was convicted but given a suspended sentence, she rang "GRS" to air her feelings. For the first time it occurred to Ryan that the story was more important than the question. Following this, "The Ryan Show" became something of a national institution as the oldest show still running on 2fm.
1995–2000.
In 1997, Ryan's wife Morah, from whom he later separated, phoned her husband's show and, under the name Norah, told half a million listeners that her husband dumps his underpants on the floor before hopping into bed every night, doesn't put his clothes on hangers, had not cleaned the dog's mess from the back yard for weeks and never puts the rubbish out for the dustbin men. When she was done she asked her husband: "You would do that now, wouldn't you Gerry?" The interview was nearing its finish when he realised what was happening after hearing his crew laughing in the Montrose control room. An embarrassed Ryan informed his listeners: "This is my wife talking".
In November 1999, RTÉ broadcaster Paddy O'Gorman "outraged the medical establishment" after an appearance on "The Gerry Ryan Show" to discuss World AIDS Day when he said that AIDS was not a heterosexual disease, but exclusively a gay one.
2001–2007.
Broadcaster and current host of "The Late Late Show" Ryan Tubridy began his career with "The Gerry Ryan Show", working as a teaboy before obtaining his own breakfast show, "The Full Irish", a programme which Gerry Ryan once claimed was "the most exciting broadcast at that hour of the morning since Ian Dempsey started on Today FM". Ryan has since stated his belief that it was "a giant act of folly" for Ryan Tubridy to move to RTÉ Radio 1. Ryan viewed Tubridy as "kind of like a son" whom he used to (and still does) lecture frequently. He said he begged him "on bended knees" and "over whiskey" to stay with 2fm but at the same time Ryan was impressed that Tubridy was willing to compete with him directly.
Tubridy has credited Ryan with being "one of the few gentlemen in [RTÉ]", saying he had been "very kind to me when I started out in RTÉ making tea and coffee and right all the way up to the very day I got "The Late Late Show" job".
In 2004, Ryan was the subject of controversy when he cancelled an interview with the Taoiseach of the time, Bertie Ahern. Ahern had agreed to appear on "The Gerry Ryan Show" after the delivery of that year's government budget but moments before he set off for RTÉ's Donnybrook headquarters, the show's producers rang his office and informed aides that they no longer wished to interview him. Associates of the Taoiseach were said to be "fuming" over the affair, saying "you can't just ask for an interview with the most powerful man in the country and then ditch him as if he was some stand-in celebrity." Ahern was replaced by RTÉ's economics reporter George Lee.
2008–2010.
A complaint against a July 2008 programme which featured an author reading about life as a homosexual prostitute was upheld by the Broadcasting Complaints Commission.
On 12 September 2008, Ryan invited listeners to text in their reasons for loving Ireland in an attempt to dispel all the bad-weathered, financially troubling and futuristically worrying news that was dominating the headlines at the time. 50 of these reasons were later published on the show's website. These included the scenery, Guinness, potatoes, the seas and coastline, whiskey, Barry's and Lyon's tea, Kimberley and Mikado biscuits, the smell of turf, red hair, homemade brown bread, oysters, Baileys coffee, hurling, Irish comedians, Irish history, the River Shannon, Podge and Rodge, Irish literature, bacon and cabbage, Irish stew and the GAA. Some of the choices had connections to the show such as the show itself, Riverdance (first introduced to the world by the presenter) and, although not the case at the time, "The Late Late Show", which Ryan presented the following month.
Despite repeated reshuffles which have seen all other presenters shifted around, RTÉ never moved "The Ryan Show" from its traditional slot. After a brief period of decline in his audience, all of the recent JNLR figures showed a consistent and significant increase in his listenership - with his audience growing by almost 15% in the course of the past year ("The Irish Times", 16 May 2008). The Green Day single "Know Your Enemy" received its first play on Irish radio on "The Gerry Ryan Show" on 16 April 2009.
During the February 2009 snowfall Ryan reminded his listeners of a similar snowfall in 1982, when the Government even appointed Tánaiste and Labour party leader Michael O'Leary as the Minister for Snow.
". . .the nation seemed to go into collective shock when the biggest snow fall in 40 years hit this country", read Ryan from a report of the chaos caused. "Taoiseach Garret Fitzgerald even cut short his sun holiday in the Canary Islands as the country came to a standstill. The snow was up to 1.5 meters deep in some areas and temperatures dropped as low as minus 7 degrees. Gale force easterly winds caused electricity to be knocked out in many areas and businesses and schools closed all across the country."
Ryan attracted a complaint for using "coarse language" whilst debating on blasphemy on 29 April 2009. The presenter asked: "Would it be considered blasphemous if someone said on air that "God is a bollocks?" but the complaint was later rejected.
A 45-year-old caller from Dublin gave an interview in November 2009 about urges he had to stalk, rape and murder women, including air hostesses at Dublin Airport. The interview led to a garda investigation.
Ryan was reported to be upset in March 2010 when his long-serving producer Siobhan Hough was moved to "The Colm & Jim-Jim Breakfast Show".
His death on 30 April 2010 brought about the end of "The Gerry Ryan Show". Fiona Looney presented the show that day prior to the discovery of his corpse in his Leeson Street apartment. Two tribute shows were presented by Evelyn O'Rourke and Brenda Donohue on 1 May and 4 May. Ruth Scott presented the three-hour slot from 5 May until 7 May, described by RTÉ as "an appropriate music programme". "The Colm and Lucy Show" then began for one month on 10 May.
The final JNLR figures for "The Gerry Ryan Show", released less than a month after Ryan's death, showed the radio programme was Ireland's most listened to among the 20-44 market at this time. This led to Siobhan O'Connell, writing in "The Irish Times"s financial section, to call any new show in that slot "the biggest prize right now in radio".
Operation Transformation.
The now cross-media event "Operation Transformation" originated on "The Gerry Ryan Show".
Undercurrents.
In 2010, Ryan launched "Undercurrents", a Friday slot airing unsigned unplaylisted Irish acts who then had their details published on his website. The "Irish Independent"s John Meagher disagreed that this was typical of RTÉ 2fm and Gerry Ryan.
A spin-off show of the demoed songs premiered on RTÉ 2XM on 5 March 2010, presented by "GRS" researcher John Bela Reilly.
Following Ryan's untimely death on 30 April 2010, Meagher hoped "Undercurrents" would be continued by his replacement as "it was a most worthwhile initiative to help young bands garner significant airplay".

</doc>
<doc id="19816876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816876" title="Sabina Imaikina">
Sabina Imaikina

Sabina Ilgizarovna Imaikina (; born 25 March 1993) is a Russian pair skater. 
With Andrei Novoselov, she is the 2009 Russian junior bronze medalist. They qualified for the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, where they placed 5th. She teamed up with Semen Stepanov in 2009 and finished 10th at 2010 Russian Nationals. In 2010, Imaikina teamed up with Konstantin Bezmaternikh and finished 10th at 2011 Russian Nationals. In February 2011, they announced they would no longer skate together.

</doc>
<doc id="19816879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816879" title="Pat's Hubba Hubba">
Pat's Hubba Hubba

Pat's Hubba Hubba is a late-night greasy spoon chili restaurant located at 24 North Main Street in the village of Port Chester in Westchester County, New York. Near the New York and Connecticut border, Hubba's caters to the local bar scene by staying open until 5:00am on the weekends, and at least 3:00am on weeknights.
History.
The restaurant was originally known as "Texas Quick Lunch" and was owned by Edna Kaplan and operated by Mildred Meade. Pat Carta bought the storefront location of the former "Texas Quick Lunch" in 1989 and changed the name to "Pat's Hubba Hubba," the same as his original restaurant in the "Chickahominy" section of Greenwich, Connecticut. He expanded the menu from simple chili and chili hot dogs to variants including the popular chili cheese fries.
By the early to mid-90s, Pat opened a second location at 820 Cove Road in the city of Stamford in Fairfield County, Connecticut. A third location followed, also in Stamford, at 189 Bedford Street, in the heart of the downtown bar district, now Capriccio Cafe. The restaurant in Port Chester is now owned by Carlos Magan and renamed to simply "Hubba's."
Menu and Atmosphere.
The main ingredient in most of Hubba's dishes is the chili, which is made with ground beef, hot chili peppers and little else. Hubba's chili contains no beans, tomatoes, or vegetables of any kind. Meals are served with "Hubba Water," tap water with a bit of Hawaiian Punch added in.
The inside of Hubba's is long and narrow. There are 13 counter stools bolted to the floor, where you can sit at the counter. Menu items are written in marker on paper plates, tacked onto the walls which are papered with dollar bills.
Naming Conventions.
One note of contention among frequenters is the name by which the restaurant should be called. While most areas call the establishment by its present name, "Hubba's," certain communities, such as Mamaroneck, Larchmont, and New Rochelle, still use the name "Pat's." Old timers, that is anyone who was a patron before 1989, still call it just "Texas."

</doc>
<doc id="19816880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816880" title="Woon Wing Yip">
Woon Wing Yip

Woon Wing Yip OBE (born 1940) is a Chinese-born British entrepreneur, best known for having started the Wing Yip supermarket chain.
A Hakka born in Dongguan, Guangdong in 1940, Yip arrived in Birmingham, United Kingdom from Hong Kong in 1959 with 10 pounds at the age of 19. He then worked and later started his own restaurants in the East Anglia region of England, in towns such as Clacton and Ipswich. With the ability to speak English, he founded the Wing Yip supermarket in United Kingdom.
The Wing Yip business has also branched out into property development, management and investment, with more than 60 commercial and residential tenants around the country. The property portfolio is worth around £23 million.
With an annual turnover of 80 million pounds, he became the first Anglo-Chinese tycoon in United Kingdom.
Yip is also a philanthropist who has among other acts of generosity, endowed several bursaries and scholarships for university students from both the UK and China, administered through the W Wing Yip and Brothers Charitable Trust.
In 2008 Yip was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Birmingham City University.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19816882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816882" title="White Grass Ranger Station Historic District">
White Grass Ranger Station Historic District

The White Grass Ranger Station includes several structures in the backcountry of Grand Teton National Park that were established to support horse patrols by park rangers. Built in 1930, White Grass is the only surviving horse patrol station in the park. The station, which includes a cabin, several sheds and a corral, was built to a standardized National Park Service plan, in the National Park Service rustic style.
The White Grass station was built immediately after the establishment of Grand Teton National Park in 1929, and was one of the first structures built by the National Park Service to establish a park service presence in the area. Other patrol cabins existed in the park, but these were inherited from the U.S. Forest Service, which administered Teton National Forest, from which the park was created. The ranger station's exterior remains essentially the scme as the original construction,but the interior has been altered several times and does not retain historical significance. 
The White Grass station stands at the western edge of the White Grass district of Grand Teton, southwest of Moose, Wyoming. The station is sited in a small clearing in the trees, with a buffer of vegetation between it and a nearby parking lot.
The White Grass Ranger Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19816885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816885" title="Andrei Novoselov">
Andrei Novoselov

Andrei Alexandrovich Novoselov (born 24 November 1989) is a Russian pair skater. With Tatiana Novik, he is the 2012 Nestle Cup champion.
With former partner Sabina Imaikina, he qualified for the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, where they placed 5th. Their partnership ended following the 2008-2009 season. Novoselov then teamed up with Tatiana Danilova. They placed 8th at the 2010 Russian Junior Figure Skating Championships. Novoselov teamed up with Tatiana Novik in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19816888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816888" title="Infernal columns">
Infernal columns

The infernal columns (Fr., ""colonnes infernales"") were operations led by the French revolutionary general Louis Marie Turreau the War in the Vendee, after the setback of the virée de Galerne. Following the passage on 1 August 1793 and 1 October 1793 by the National Convention of laws aimed at exterminating the local population in the area south of the Loire River, (the so-called Vendée), 12 army columns were set up and sent through the Vendée to exterminate the local royalist population, men, women and children. It has been estimated that from 16 000 to 40 000 inhabitants were killed during the first quarter of 1794.
The employment and actions of these "infernal columns" continues to be a subject of heated debate, both in France and abroad. French historian Reynald Secher has gone so far as to characterise their operations as a "Franco-French genocide," while Claude Langlois of the Institute of History of the French Revolution has derided Secher's claims as "quasi-mythological." The debate has become highly politicised.
Other uses.
The term 'infernal column' has also been used for a similar movement in the Voulet-Chanoine Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="19816912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816912" title="SG Post/Süd Regensburg">
SG Post/Süd Regensburg

The SG Post/Süd Regensburg was a German association football club from the city of Regensburg, Bavaria. 
The club is still active in a large number of sports, having twenty-two separate departments, but its football department merged with Jahn Regensburg in 2002 and has not been reformed.
History.
While formed in 1928, the club made its first notable appearance on the German football scene when it qualified for the national cup competition in 1981, then under the name Post SV Regensburg and as a fifth division "Bezirksliga" side. Away at Tennis Borussia Berlin, the team left a good impression, losing to the Oberliga Berlin (III) club 4–3 in Berlin. That same season, 1981–82, the club won promotion to the tier-four Landesliga Bayern-Mitte as well.
In this league, it lasted for only one season, but was back two years later, for an eleven-year stint from 1985 to 1996. As an additional attraction, the league also included local powerhouse Jahn Regensburg at times, who had fallen on hard times. In 1988, the club merged with TSG Süd Regensburg to form the current SG Post/Süd Regensburg.
After a number of seasons spend in mid-field of the table the club started improving from 1993 and, in 1996, won the league and earned promotion to the Oberliga Bayern. It managed to stay at this level for three seasons, a third place in 1997–98 the absolute highlight. In the 1997–98 season, former German international Dieter Eckstein played for the club. The team also made another appearance in the German Cup in 1998. Twice in this era, the club was coached by Karsten Wettberg, one of the most successful coaches in Bavarian amateur football, having six Bavarian championships in his name.
The season after, it was relegated from the Oberliga but managed to break the fall and remain a good Landesliga side. In 2001–02 the club earned promotion to the Oberliga once more. It didn't however take up that option, merging its football department with Jahn Regensburg instead. The team became Jahn's reserve side, playing in the Oberliga.
While the mother club "SG Post/Süd" continues to exist, it has no football department anymore.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Final seasons.
The season-by-season performance of the club in its final years:
DFB Cup appearances.
The club reached the first round of the German Cup twice, both times against a club from Berlin:

</doc>
<doc id="19816950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816950" title="The Union Chapel Concert">
The Union Chapel Concert

The Union Chapel Concert is a live album by Guy Evans and Peter Hammill, recorded in the Union Chapel in London, 3 November 1996, and released as a double CD in March 1997. The album is noteworthy because it is the first time the four ex-members of Van der Graaf Generator, Hammill, Evans, Hugh Banton and David Jackson, played together in front of a paying audience since the band had broken up in 1978. The subtitle on the front of the album reads: "featuring a one song, one-off reformation of Van der Graaf Generator." David Jackson and Hugh Banton were unannounced guests and played a Soundbeam-medley and a Samuel Barber Adagio for strings on the church organ respectively. All songs that evening were played in varying line-ups. Only "Lemmings" was played by Hammill, Evans, Banton and Jackson.
Personnel.
Blue drums are the invention of Echo City and Guy and Giles are members of the group.

</doc>
