<doc id="19934608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934608" title="Channel V Philippines">
Channel V Philippines

Channel Philippines is a 24-hour music-entertainment television network owned by STAR TV and Fox International Channels Philippines in partnership with TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company (formerly Makisig Network) and Northern Star Productions as network provider.
History.
Debut on UHF 23.
Channel was first launched in 1994 in the Philippines, as MTV Asia made the decision to split from STAR TV and form its own satellite TV channel in Asia. It began airing on UHF Channel 23, licensed to Ermita Electronics Corporation, as the Philippines' first UHF TV station fully devoted to re-broadcasting a foreign satellite channel after MTV Asia was started as a music channel in 1992. It was started as the "Next Generation of Music" until it relaunched as Channel [V "(During that time, the actual feed was Channel V Chinese on AsiaSat 1 while the Asian/Indian counterparts were on AsiaSat 2 and Palapa C2, respectively)". Channel in the Philippines programmed only few of the English-language shows like the The Ride, Over The Edge, By Demand, and Sigaw Manila (with Filipino artists, locally produced) but aired several of their Mandarin Chinese or Indian counterparts. In 1995, the station launched the first ever Channel V Philippines VJ Hunt for aspiring Filipino VJs; it was won by Melanie Casul, the competition's first and last winner. The channel left UHF 23 on July 1996, when EEC (the owner of the license) turned over to AMCARA Broadcasting Network, an ABS-CBN affiliate, creating Studio 23 (now known as ABS-CBN Sports+Action).
Citynet Television.
August 1995.
Before GMA Network officially launched Citynet Television in August 1995, GMA Network signed a contract with Star TV Network to broadcast selected taped TV shows from 1995 until its closure in March 1999. This programming made Trey Farley, Joey Mead, Amanda Griffin, Michael Zerrudo and the late Francis Magalona former VJ-TV hosts of part-Filipino descent, familiar to Citynet viewers. From 1998 until its closure in March 1999, Asian Top 20 Countdown was the only rebroadcast Channel show.
December 1999.
On December 15, 1999, STAR TV leased the airtime of Citynet to launch Channel Philippines through EMC, also known as Entertainment Music Channel. Part of the strategy to localize Channel [V was with programming produced both by Star TV and GMA through Alta Productions and Probe Productions, Inc.. The marketing image was shifted from music to more live-action products. Idents from this time frame used the brackets in the name. It dimensionalized the name Channel making it into an object that could then became an environment for its broadcast design and a stage for live events. Additional shifts in programming occurred at the relaunch, specifically a shift to genre-specific rather than continuous hits, with special graphics for each set. In the middle of 2001, Channel V Philippines shut down due to the intense competition from MTV Philippines provided by Nation Broadcasting Corporation, a PLDT sister company, when PLDT bought a controlling stake in GMA, and Myx, an ABS-CBN cable music channel. The channel was officially shutdown on July 25, 2001.
Channel returns to the Philippines.
Eight years later, STAR TV (in turn was directly over to Fox International Channels) and Makisig Network/Herma Group Inc (now known as TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company) announced an agreement to expand Channel in the Philippines and to launch Tagalog-language content geared toward youth audiences, with an emphasis on local VJs, Pinoy music, and local bands and artists. Makisig now included Channel [V International in its basic tier of cable channels, expanding the reach of the channel to more than 600,000 households across the Philippines. The channel's program mix is 60% Hong Kong satellite feed and 40% local feed versions of the more popular programs. Local content includes local-language and Pinoy music. The channel's creative director is Jose Javier Reyes.
Makisig continued to expand the reach of Channel moving it down from channel 59 to 25 on SkyCable and adding online content.
On March 26, 2011, Philippines went temporarily off-the-air after its CEO, then Ilocos Sur representative Ronald Singson, was jailed in Hong Kong for possession of illegal drugs. Its international counterpart took its place temporarily until April 25, 2011, when it returned on Destiny Cable through Northern Star Productions (owned by Chavit Singson). This channel was discontinued in middle of 2012.
Channel Philippines Programs.
"Note: Some of the Channel V International programs also air on V Philippines with the V orange logo except from V Philippines produced programs only airs during night time, early morning and during commercials (V light blue logo)."

</doc>
<doc id="19934638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934638" title="Edinburgh Theological College">
Edinburgh Theological College

Edinburgh Theological College was founded in 1810 to train Anglican clergy to serve in the Scottish Episcopal Church. In 1891 the college moved to Coates Hall in Grosvenor Crescent where it gradually expanded to include residential accommodation and a library. The college’s academic gown was black lined with thistle green. The college closed in 1994 and the site is now used by St Mary’s Music School.

</doc>
<doc id="19934659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934659" title="Opera Cameos">
Opera Cameos

Opera Cameos is a TV series which aired on the DuMont Television Network from November 8, 1953, to January 9, 1955. The program aired Sundays at 7:30pm ET, and was hosted by opera singer Giovanni Martinelli. A conductor on the program was Salvatore Dell'Isola.
Episodes status.
The Paley Center for Media has eight episodes, with the remaining episodes presumed lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19934672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934672" title="LAEH">
LAEH

LAEH is the debut album of the Finnish gothic metal band Embraze. It was released in 1998 under Mastervox Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19934693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934693" title="Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters">
Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters

"Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters" is a six-issue comic book limited series by Marvel's imprint Icon Comics and based on some of Jack Kirby's unpublished ideas.
Publication history.
The series was based on unused material Jack Kirby had prepared for the series "Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers" #7. The galactic Bounty Hunters were based on early character designs for the Wonder Warriors and Kirby's daughter Lisa found them in his effects after he died and was persuaded by Michael Thibodeaux to work the ideas into a limited series, although initial ideas were for a film or animated television series.
Issue #3 also featured another Kirby creation, Captain Victory.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into a single volume:

</doc>
<doc id="19934708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934708" title="Chia-Shun Yih">
Chia-Shun Yih

Chia-Shun Yih (1918 – April 25, 1997) was the Stephen P. Timoshenko Distinguished University Professor Emeritus at the University of Michigan. He made many significant contributions to fluid mechanics.
Biography.
Yih was born in Guiyang, Guizhou province of China. Yih received his junior middle school education in Zhenjiang, and entered Suzhou High School in 1934 in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province.
In 1937 Yih entered the National Central University (After 1949 named Nanjing University in Jiangsu of P.R.China; after 1952, its engineering faculty formed the Southeast University also in Nanjing) and studied civil engineering. Yih graduated in 1941 then did research at a hydrodynamics laboratory in Guanxian (or Guan County; 灌县; current Dujiangyan) of Sichuan province. Yih also worked in a bridge construction company in Guizhou. Later, Yih taught at Guizhou University.
In 1945 Yih went to study at the University of Iowa in the United States, where he obtained his PhD in 1948. Yih served as a professor of the University of Michigan for most of his academic career.
Yih is also well known for his high language talent, which appeared already when he was just a high school student. In his first classes in high school, he could talk fluently with his American English teacher. Yih mastered German soon after he joined the college, and was able to communicate smoothly with the local German missionaries in Chongqing. Later Yih again learned French, and lectured mechanics in French at the University of Paris and the University of Grenoble.
Yih was also a seal artist.
Honors and awards.
Yih was a Member of the National Academy of Engineering, and an Academician of the Academia Sinica.

</doc>
<doc id="19934711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934711" title="Oil shale in China">
Oil shale in China

Oil shale in China is an important source of unconventional oil. A total Chinese oil shale resource amounts of 720 billion tonnes, located in 80 deposits of 47 oil shale basins. This is equal to 48 billion tonnes of shale oil. At the same time there are speculations that the actual resource may even exceed the oil shale resource of the United States.
The oil shale industry was established in China already in 1920s. After decrease in the production, the industry started to increase and as of 2008; several companies are engage in the shale oil production or the oil shale-based power generation. After 2005, China became the largest shale oil producer in the world. In 2011, the country produced about 650,000 tonnes of shale oil. Most of production facilities are Fushun-type retorts. 
At the end of 2006, the Fushun Shale Oil Plant was the largest oil shale plant in the world. In 2005, the China National Oil Shale Association was established in Fushun. The main oil shale research institution in China is the China University of Petroleum.
Reserves.
From 2004 to 2006 China undertook the national oil shale evaluation. According to the evaluation, it has been estimated that a total Chinese oil shale resource amounts of 720 billion tonnes, located in 80 deposits of 47 oil shale basins. This is equal to 48 billion tonnes of shale oil. The proven oil shale reserves comprise about 36 billion tonnes.
The principle Chinese reserves with commercial importance lie in Fushun (Liaoning), Maoming (Guangdong), Huadian and Nong’an (Jilin), and Longkou (Shandong). The Longkou deposit has the highest oil content (about 14%).
The Fushun oil-shale and coal deposit of Eocene age is located in north-eastern China, south of Fushun, Liaoning. Coal and oil shale are in a small outlier of Mesozoic and Tertiary sedimentary and volcanic rocks underlain by Precambrian granitic gneiss. The thickness of the layer of oil shale varies from to with the average of . The lacustrine origin oil shale is presented in the Jijuntun Formation, overlying the Guchengzi Formation consisting coal and underlying of green mudstone of the Xilutian Formation.
The Tertiary age Maoming oil-shale deposit is long, wide, and to thick. The ore is yellow brown and the bulk density is about 1.85. The oil shale contains 72.1% ash, 10.8% moisture, 1.2% sulfur, with a heating value of 1,745 kcal/kg (dry basis). It is not suitable for above-ground retorting, but it could be used for a power generation by a fluidized bed combustion.
Professor Alan R. Carroll of University of Wisconsin–Madison estimates that Upper Permian lacustrine oil shale deposits of the Junggar-Turpan-Hami basins in northwest China, absent from previous global oil shale assessments, are comparable to the Green River Formation.
History.
The extraction of oil shale in China began in 1926 under the Japanese rule. The commercial-scale production of shale oil began in 1930 in Fushun, Manchuria, with the construction of the "Refinery No. 1" operating Fushun-type retorts. After World War II, the shale oil production was ceased, but 100 Fushun-type oil shale retorts and the related shale oil processing units were restored in 1949 after the founding of the People’s Republic of China. In 1950, total 266 retorts were in operation, each with the capacity of 100–200 tonnes shale oil per day.
In 1954, the "Refinery No. 2" began its production and in 1959, the maximum annual shale oil production increased to 780,000 tonnes. The produced shale oil was acid and alkaline washed and hydrotreated for producing light liquid fuels. In 1961, China was producing one third of its total oil production from oil shale. In Maoming, Guangdong Province, a new oil shale retorting plant with 64 retorts was put into operation in 1963.
Since 1965, oil shale usage in Fushun started to decline. With the discovery of Daqing oilfield in 1960s, the shale oil production declined and Sinopec, an operator of shale oil production these times, shut down its oil shale operations in the beginning of 1990s. At the same time, the Fushun Oil Shale Retorting Plant was established as a part of the Fushun Mining Group. It started production in 1992. In 2005, China became the largest shale oil producer in the world. At the same year, China National Oil Shale Association was established in Fushun.
Industry.
The major oil shale industry in China is the Fushun Mining Group. Several other coal and oil companies have expanded their activities into oil shale extraction. , there were seven shale retorting plants with a total production of 650,000 tonnes of shale oil. These plants located in Fushun, Huadian, Wangqing, Beipiao, Longkou, Yaojie, and Dongning. Most of them use Fushun retorts or modified Fushun retorts.
Fushun Mining Group.
Fushun Mining Group owns geological reserve for high grade oil shale about 3.6 billion tonnes, of which exploitable reserve is 920 million tonnes, divided between East Open Pit (760 million tonnes) and West Open Pit (160 million tonnes). The oil shale production uses reserves from the West Open Pit, while the East Open Pit oil shale reserves are not mined yet. Oil shale is produced as a byproduct of the coal mining. In 2006, Fushun Mining Group produced 240,000 tonnes of shale oil, and was expected to produce 300,000 tonnes in 2007.
The company operates the largest oil shale retorting plant in the world. In 2011, it had two oil shale retorting plants with 120 and 100 retorts, producing annually about 350,000 tonnes of shale oil. In addition, the company has constructed the Alberta Taciuk processor to treat small size oil shale (particulate oil shale) which can't be processed in Fushun retort. The 250 tonnes per hour ATP processor was engineered and provided by Canadian company UMATAC Industrial Processes, a subsidiary of UMA Engineering Ltd. The processor is in the cold testing phase.
The cost of shale oil production in Fushun is US$18.46 per barrel (1,500 yuan per tonne), of which the mining costs 0.184, transportation 4.25, and retorting 13.84. Fushun shale oil is sold as fuel oil, while part of the surplus retort gas with low heating value is used in an internal combustion engine for producing steam and power. Spent shale and shale ash is used for the cement production; the annual production of cement is 300,000 tonnes and the annual production of bricks is 240 million.
PetroChina.
In 2006, PetroChina, the largest Chinese oil company, set up a department of New Sources of Energy, which is responsible for the oil shale development. In August 2008, its subsidiary Daqing Oil Company started to build a shale oil plant in Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang. The plant is designed to process 1.2 million tonnes of oil shale per year and produce 100,000 tonnes of shale oil. It will use solid heat carrier technology.
Maoming.
Maoming oil shale industry was developed from the 1960s to the 1990s by Maoming Petrochemical Company, a subsidiary of Sinopec, which built 64 Fushun-type retorts and 48 gas combustion retorts for producing shale oil. The production peaked with 180,000 tonnes of shale oil per annum. This industry was shut down in the 1990s. The Guandong Province authorities have a plan to use the Maoming oil shale for the power production using fluidized bed combustion. In 2008, one circulating fluidized-bed boiler was constructed. Guangdong Electricity Company has plans to build a power station with capacity of 1,200 MW.
Longkou Mining Group.
Longkou Mining Group, subsidiary of Shandong Energy, produces oil shale as a coal mining byproduct. It operates shale oil plant which is equipped with 40 Fushun retorts. The shale oil production is about 120,000 tonnes per year and the planned full capacity is 200,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. The company also plans to utilize Enefit-280 technology. In addition, the company plans to burn shale char mixed with particulate oil shale in fluidized bed combustion for power generation, and the shale ash would be utilized for production of building material.
Jilin Energy & Communication Corporation.
In 1996, Jilin Energy & Communication Corporation, a subsidiary of the China Power Investment Corporation, put into operation the first oil-shale-fired power plant in China, consisting of three circulating fluidized-bed units with capacity of 12 megawatts (MW). In 2005, the company in cooperation with the Jilin Municipal Government put forward the Huadian oil shale comprehensive utilization project. The project includes construction of the shale oil plant with capacity of 200,000 tonnes of shale oil per year, two circulated fluidized bed combustion units with capacity of 50 MW each and production of 1.2 million tonnes of cement and other building materials utilizing spent shale and shale ash. The shale oil plant will utilize the Petrosix technology.
Royal Dutch Shell.
Royal Dutch Shell has established a joint venture with the Jilin Guangzheng Mineral Development Company Limited to explore and develop oil shale resources in Jilin Province. 61% of shares of the joint venture, Jilin Shell Oil Shale Development Company Limited (Jilin Shell), belongs to Shell China, while 39% is owned by Jilin Guangzheng. The company is planning to use the Shell's "in-situ" conversion process.
Wangqing County Longteng Energy Development Co..
Privately owned Wangqing County Longteng Energy Development Co. operates a shale oil plant in Wangqing, Jilin. The plant is equipped with 40 Fushun-type retorts, and it produces about 50,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. In 2009, the company also commissioned an oil
shale power plant which is equipped with two circulating fluidized bed. The plant has capacity of 6 MW of electricity.
Other industries.
In Beipiao, Liaoning, the Beipiao Coal Mining Company operates 60 Fushun-type retort with plans to open additional 24 retorts in 2012. Yaojie Coal Electricity Group in cooperating with Sanjiang Coal Chemical Company opened shale oil plant in July 2010 in Lanzhou, Gansu. The plant consist of eight square-shaped gas combustion retorts. Longhua Harbin Coal Chemical Industry Company, a subsidiary of China National Coal Corporation, is preparing to build a shale oil plant with the capacity of 1,000 tonnes of shale oil per day in Yilan, Heilongjiang. The plant will use hot recycled solids technology combined with fluidized bed retort. Similar plant is planned by the Songyasan Coal Mining Company.
The Mingxin Mining Company is planning to co-produce coal and oil shale in Mingxin, Gansu Province. The planned shale oil plant would have a capacity of 400,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. In addition, five private companies produce about 30,000 tonnes of shale oil by utilizing the Fushun-type retorts in Jilin. Liaoning Chengda is operating 12 modified Fushun retorts in Huadian, Jilin, and is building 24modified Fushun retorts in Jimsar County, Xinjiang. Other potential industries could be start in Uromqi (Xinjiang), Yongden (Gansu), and Chanpo (Hainan).
Research.
The main oil shale research institution in China is the China University of Petroleum. Its Applied Chemistry Department is the main institution dealing with oil shale. The university's oil shale experts undertake oil shale evaluation, consulting, and reviewing work for pre-feasibility and feasibility studies and development projects for domestic and foreign countries. e.g. Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19934721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934721" title="Petrus Johannes Waardenburg">
Petrus Johannes Waardenburg

Petrus Johannes Waardenburg (3 June 1886, Nijeveen, Drenthe – 23 September 1979) was a Dutch ophthalmologist, geneticist, and pioneer in the application of genetics to ophthalmology. Waardenburg syndrome is named after him.
Biography.
Waardenburg studied medicine at the Utrecht University from 1904–11, and then trained in ophthalmology before receiving an MD for a dissertation on the hereditary basis of the physiological and pathological characteristics of the eye in 1913.
In 1932 Waardenburg suggested that Down syndrome might be the consequence of a chromosomal aberration, a fact which was confirmed after 27 years, by Jérôme Lejeune and his colleagues. 
From 1934 to 1940, Waardenburg was external university lecturer in medical genetics at Utrecht University. From 1931 to 1935 he was secretary of the Netherlands Ophthalmological Society. He was a founding member of the Netherlands Anthropogenetic Society and its president from 1949 to 1963. He became honorary member of these two societies. He also became honorary member of similar Danish, Italian, and German societies. He was made honorary doctor of the Rijksuniversiteit in Leiden in 1954 and of the Wilhelms Universitat of Munster in 1964. 
Waardenburg was almost 50 years of age before he was habilitated as a lecturer in human genetics. At the age of 66, in 1952, he was finally appointed professor of genetics at the Institute of Preventative Medicine, Leiden. Between 1961 and 1974 the three volumes of his book "Genetics and Ophthalmology" were published. Until 1970 Waardenburg gave genetic advice in paternity cases in the Dutch legal courts and genetic counselling. 
Between 1910 and 1970 Waardenburg published 267 papers in all. They included original observations on albinism' and many other hereditary conditions. He contributed the chapter on heredity in eye disease to "Modern Trends in Ophthalmology".
Waardenburg syndrome.
Waardenburg syndrome, or more fully, the van der Hoeve-Halbertsma-Waardenburg-Klein syndrome, is a rare genetic disorder most often characterized by varying degrees of deafness, minor defects in structures arising from the neural crest, and pigmentation anomalies.
In 1913, Jan van der Hoeve observed and described a lateral position of the lacrimal points and shortened eyelid slit in identical deaf mute twins. In August 1947 David Klein presented a deaf mute child, who was 10 years of age, and had partial albinism of the hair and body, blue hypoplastic rides, blepharophimosis, and malformation of the arms, to the Swiss Society of Genetics, and gave a full report of his findings in 1950. Waardenburg gave an account of a deaf adult with similar facial features in December 1948, followed by a detailed review in 1951. He described the syndrome as a distinct entity and found the anomalies in 12 of 840 deaf mutes.
Honors.
Waardenburg was awarded the Royal decoration Order of the Netherlands Lion in 1957. He received the Snellen medal in 1959. He founded the Waardenburg prize for special merit in the medical genetic field in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19934743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934743" title="1992 BMW Open – Singles">
1992 BMW Open – Singles

Magnus Gustafsson was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Magnus Larsson won the title, defeating Petr Korda 6–4, 4–6, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19934763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934763" title="Oil shale in Jordan">
Oil shale in Jordan

Oil shale in Jordan represents a significant resource. Oil shale deposits in Jordan underlie more than 70% of Jordanian territory. The total resources amounts to 31 billion tonnes of oil shale.
The deposits include a high quality marinite oil shale of Late Cretaceous to early Cenozoic age. The most important and investigated deposits are located in west-central Jordan, where they occur at the surface and close to developed infrastructure.
Although oil shale was utilized in northern Jordan prior to and during World War I, intensive exploration and studies of Jordan's oil shale resource potential started in the 1970s and 1980s, being motivated by higher oil prices, modern technology and better economic potential. As of 2008, no oil shale industry exists in Jordan, but several companies are considering both shale oil extraction and oil shale combustion for thermal power generation.
Reserves.
Jordan has significant oil shale deposits occurring in 26 known localities. According to the World Energy Council, Jordan has 8th largest oil shale resource in the world. Geological surveys indicate that the existing deposits underlie more than 60% of Jordan's territory. The resource have been estimated to consists of 40 to 70 billion tonnes of oil shale, which may be equivalent to more than 5 million tonnes of shale oil. However, according to a report by World Energy Council in 2010, Jordan had reserves of 34,172 billion tonnes as of the end of 2008. The Jordanian government said in September 2013 that they had reserves of 31 billion tonnes.
The Jordanian oil shale is a marinite of Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) to early Cenozoic era; it lies within the Muwaqqar Formation and is composed predominantly of chalk and marl. The rock is typically brown, gray, or black in color and weathers to a distinctive light bluish-gray. It is characterized by its content of light fine-grained phosphatic xenocrysts, some of which is accumulated in bone beds. An uncommon feature of Jordanian oil shale is that the included foraminiferal shells are filled with bitumen instead of the usual calcite.
In general Jordanian oil shales are of high quality, comparable to the western United States oil shale, although their sulfur content is usually higher. While the sulfur content of the most of oil shales in Jordan varies from 0.3 to 4.3%, the Jurf ed Darawish and the Sultani deposits have sulfur content of 8 and 10% respectively. Sulfur is mostly associated with the organic matter with minor occurrence as pyrite. The moisture content of the oil shale is low (2 to 5.5%). The major mineral components of the Jordanian oil shale are calcite, quartz, kaolinite, and apatite, along with small amounts of dolomite, feldspar, pyrite, illite, goethite, and gypsum. It has also a relatively high metal content.
The eight most important deposits are located in west-central Jordan within east of the Dead Sea. These deposits are Juref ed Darawish, Sultani, Wadi Maghar, El Lajjun, Attarat Umm Ghudran, Khan ez Zabib, Siwaga, and Wadi Thamad. The best-explored deposits are El Lajjun, Sultani, and Juref ed Darawish, and to some extent Attarat Umm Ghudran. They are all classified as shallow and most are suitable for open-cast mining, albeit some are underlain by phosphate beds. In addition to the west-central deposits, another important deposit may be the Yarmouk deposit occurring near Jordan's northern border, and where the resource was first developed. This deposit would be exploitable by underground mining as it reaches some in thickness. A third oil shale region lies in southern Jordan in the Ma'an district.
History.
Humans have used oil shale as a fuel since prehistoric times, because it generally burns without any processing. Its occurrence was known in Jordan from ancient times, as evidenced by its use as a building and decorative material from the ancient Greek, Roman, Byzantine, Umayyad and Abbasid periods. The modern exploitation of Jordanian oil shale began under Ottoman rule prior to and during World War I, when the German Army produced shale oil from the Yarmouk area. The oil shale was processed to operate the Hejaz Railway. It was mined and processed near the Maqarin station along the Haifa spur of the railroad, which partly follows the Yarmouk River valley. In addition to the shale oil production, oil shale was also utilized as a mix with coal to fuel locomotives.
The German Geological Mission studied the El Lajjun deposit in 1968. In 1979, the Natural Resources Authority of Jordan commissioned a study from the German Federal Institute of Natural Resources and Geosciences to evaluate the Juref ed Darawish, Sultani, El Lajjun, and El Hisa deposits and in 1980 from Klöckner-Lurgi to evaluate the pre-feasibility of construction of an oil shale retorting complex using Lurgi-Ruhrgas process and a power plant with 300 MW capacity using Lurgi's Circulating Fluidized Bed (CFB) combustion process. In 1980, the Soviet Technopromexport company conducted a pre-feasibility study of the 300–400 direct-burning conventional combustion power plant. In 1986, updated and expanded studies were ordered from Klöckner-Lurgi.
In 1985–1986, Chinese oil company Sinopec carried out a test for processing El Lajjun oil shale utilizing the Fushun-type retort. Although this process was technically viable, the cooperation with Sinopec was halted due to high operation costs. B.B.C, Lummus/Combustion Eng. and Bechtel Pyropower carried out the CIDA and USAID funded study of utilizing Sultani oil shale for direct combustion in CFB power plants.
The Krzhizhanovsky Power Engineering Institute (ENIN) conducted processing tests of Jordan oil shale using Galoter technology, finding the technology suitable. In 1999, Suncor Energy signed a memorandum of understanding with the Jordanian government to use the Alberta Taciuk Processing technology to exploit the El Lajjun oil shale deposit. However, the project was never implemented.
Shale oil extraction.
In 2006–2007, the government of Jordan signed four memorandums of understanding for above-ground processing of shale oil and one memorandum for "in-situ" conversion processing. The memorandum of understanding with Estonian energy company Eesti Energia was signed on 5 November 2006. According to the agreement, Eesti Energia was awarded with the exclusive right to study about one third of the resources of the El Lajjun oil shale deposit. Later this right was transferred to cover a block on the Attarat Umm Ghudran oil shale deposit as the shallow aquifer that underlies the El Lajjun deposit provides fresh water to Amman and other municipalities in central Jordan. On 29 April 2008, Eesti Energia present a feasibility study to the Government of Jordan. According to the feasibility study, the company's subsidiary the Jordan Oil Shale Energy Company will establish a shale oil plant with capacity of . The shale oil plant will use an Enefit processing technology; the construction is slated to begin by 2015. The concession agreement was signed on 11 May 2010 in the presence of Jordanian and Estonian prime ministers Samir Zaid al-Rifai and Andrus Ansip.
On 24 February 2007, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Brazil's Petrobras awarding with the exclusive right to study a block at the Attarat Umm Ghudran deposit. The development will be carried out in the cooperation with Total S.A. The company will present a feasibility study at the beginning of 2009 and it will use the Petrosix technology.
In June 2006, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Royal Dutch Shell to test its "in-situ" conversion processing in the Azraq and Al-Jafr blocks of central Jordan. A formal agreement was concluded in February 2009 by which Shell's subsidiary Jordan Oil Shale Company committed to begin commercial operations within within 12–20 years. According to the company a decision to invest in a commercial project is unlikely before the late 2020s.
On 9 March 2011, the government of Jordan signed a concession agreement with Karak International Oil, a subsidiary of Jordan Energy and Mining, a project company established for Jordan's oil shale activities. Karak International Oil (KIO) will build a shale oil plant in a area of El Lajjun in Karak Governorate by 2015. The company plans to use the Alberta Taciuk Processing technology.
On 5 November 2006, Saudi Arabian International Corporation for Oil Shale Investment (INCOSIN) signed a memorandum of understanding for evaluation of El Lajjun deposit and Attarat Umm Ghudran resources. The concession agreement was approved by the Jordanian government on 3 March 2013. The company cooperates with Russian Atomenergoproekt to utilize the Galoter (UTT-3000) process to build a shale oil plant.
In March 2009, the government of Jordan approved a memorandum of understanding on oil shale extraction with Russian company Inter RAO UES and Aqaba Petroleum Company. Also the Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) has shown interest to invest into Jordan's oil shale extraction sector.
Power generation.
For dealing with increasing power consumption, Jordan plans to utilize oil shale combustion for the power generation. On 30 April 2008, the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources of Jordan, the National Electricity Power Company of Jordan, and Eesti Energia signed an agreement, according to which, Eesti Energia will have the exclusive right to develop the construction of an oil shale-fired power plant with capacity of 460 MW. Construction is expected to start in 2012. It is called Attarat Power Plant and is expected to be operational by 2016. It will be among the largest power stations in Jordan (the largest being Aqaba Thermal Power Plant), and the largest oil shale-fired power plant in the world after Narva Power Plants in Estonia.
Inter RAO is planning to build an oil shale-fired power plant with capacity of 90–150 MW.
On 29 September 2013, Jordan and China made a deal to build an oil shale-fired power plant in Karak for $2.5 billion. It will be built by Shandong Electric Power Construction Corporation (SEPCO III), HTJ Group and Al-Lajjun Oil Shale Company. The capacity is 900 MW.
Cement production.
In November 2005, a memorandum of understanding was signed with the Jordan Cement Factories Company (JCFC). According to this memorandum, JCFC will utilize El Lajjun oil shale from Karak Governorate for cement production.

</doc>
<doc id="19934777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934777" title="Das Spitzentuch der Königin">
Das Spitzentuch der Königin

It was first performed on 1 October 1880 in Vienna at the Theater an der Wien under the composer with Therese Braunecker-Schäfer, Alexander Girardi, Eugenie Erdösy, Karoline Tellheim, Hermine Meyerhoff, Felix Schweighofer, and Ferdinand Schütz.
The work is rather obscure nowadays, but the waltz "" (Roses from the South), which incorporates melodies from the operetta, is well-known. A revised version by Erich Wolfgang Korngold under the title "" (The Song of Love) was premiered in Berlin on 23 December 1931 with Richard Tauber and Anny Ahlers in leading roles.
Recordings.
Johann Strauss II: "Das Spitzentuch der Königin", Orchester der Staatsoperette Dresden and chorus

</doc>
<doc id="19934789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934789" title="Re Jeavons, ex parte Mackay">
Re Jeavons, ex parte Mackay

Re Jeavons, ex parte Mackay (1873) LR 8 Ch App 643 is a UK insolvency law case. It decided that a creditor could not reserve an obligation to himself in priority of other creditors if a company were to go insolvent.
Facts.
Mr Joshua Jeavons had an iron manufacturing business (Joshua Jeavons & Company) at the Millwall Ironworks. Jeavons sold one John Brown & Co. Ltd a patent for improving armour plates manufacture. In return Brown would pay Jeavons royalties of 15s per ton of plates produced. Brown also lent Jeavons £12,500, and agreed that half Jeavons' royalties would go to paying back that loan. It was further agreed that if Jeavons went insolvent, or made an arrangement with creditors, Brown could keep all the royalties to satisfy the debt.
Judgment.
The Chancery Division of the Court of Appeal held that Brown had a lien on one half of the royalties only. The agreement that Brown could retain all royalties if Jeavons went bankrupt was a fraud on the bankruptcy laws and void.
Mr. Fry, Q.C., and Mr. Henderson, then argued in support of the second appeal:—
Mr. De Gex, Q.C., and Mr. Finlay Knight, for the trustee, were not called on.

</doc>
<doc id="19934795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934795" title="The Rescue (statue)">
The Rescue (statue)

The Rescue (1837–50) is a large marble sculpture group assembled in front of the east façade of the United States Capitol building and exhibited there from 1853 until 1958 when it was removed and never restored. The sculptural ensemble was created by sculptor Horatio Greenough (1805–52) who had previously been commissioned by the U.S. government to create a massive sculpture, "George Washington" (1832–41) for the Capitol rotunda, also now removed from that site. Due to long-standing controversies, these two sculptures have brought Greenough’s reputation to a very low ebb.
Description.
"The Rescue" was displayed to the right of the large staircase of the east façade of the U.S. Capitol and was a companion piece to another sculpture, Luigi Persico's "Discovery of America" (depicting a triumphant Christopher Colombus and a cowering Indian maiden) on the left. "The Rescue" depicts a confrontation between a bellicose American Indian warrior and a pioneer family. At the left rear of the group, a crouching pioneer woman desperately clasps a small child. To the front, an outsized frontiersman forcibly prevents a tomahawk-wielding Indian from brutally murdering his family. The heroic rescuer, however, refrains from injuring his adversary and displays a total mastery of the situation as well as a certain compassion for his enemy. The vengeful Indian warrior is rendered impotent and childlike. (His posture is loosely based on the central figure of the ancient "Laocoön" sculpture group.) The frontiersman’s helmet-like headgear is fashioned like a Renaissance cap. To the right, the family dog looks on.
History and meaning.
Greenough wrote that "The Rescue" was meant to “commemorate the dangers & difficulty of peopling our continent, and which shall also serve as a memorial of the Indian race”, but also “to convey the idea of the triumph of the whites over the savage tribes” 
. The group has also been seen as rationalizing Andrew Jackson’s “Indian Removal” policy of the 1830s. Although Greenough did not name the rescuer, the public recognized him as Daniel Boone and the statuary was widely known as "Daniel Boone Protects His Family."
In 1939, a joint resolution submitted to—but not passed by—the U.S. House of Representatives recommended that "The Rescue" be "...ground into dust, and scattered to the four winds, that no more remembrance may be perpetuated of our barbaric past, and that it may not be a constant reminder to our American Indian citizens…" Several other protests, including by American Indian groups, were made in the intervening years and in 1958, both "Discovery" and "Rescue" were removed from the east façade in preparation for the building’s extension. They were placed in storage and—without public discussion—never restored.
Fate.
In 1976, a crane accidentally dropped "The Rescue" while moving it to a new Smithsonian storage area in Maryland, thus reducing it to several fragments. Today they lie obscure and unmourned beside "Discovery", also said to be in poor condition.
In an unusual collaboration between the Middlebury College Museum of Art and the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the pioneer's dog from "The Rescue" was exhibited during a temporary show, “Horatio Greenough: An American Sculptor's Drawings” in late 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19934798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934798" title="Minuscule 676">
Minuscule 676

Minuscule 676 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) α 573 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 344 parchment leaves (19.6 cm by 15 cm). It is dated palaeographically to the 13th century. Written in one column per page, 28 lines per page in minuscule letters. It was labelled by Scrivener as 527e.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, Book of Acts, Pauline epistles, and Catholic epistles, with some lacunae (Matthew 9:36-10:22; Mark 1:21-2:1; John 1:1-22). It contains the tables of the are placed before every book, lectionary markings, incipits, αναγνωσεις ("lessons"), Synaxarion, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of books, Euthalian Apparatus, seven illuminations.
The Old Testament quotations are marked with inverted comma (>).
It was written by several hands.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
In 1422 it was held in church of St. George in ελαρανδω (?). The manuscript was bought in 1752 by Nicholas Trimodis. It was held in Ghent. 
The manuscript was acquired along with seven other manuscripts (556, 677, 678, 679, 680, 681, and 682) by the late Sir Thomas Phillips, at Middle Hill in Worcestershire. These manuscripts were in the property of Mr. Fitzroy Fenwick, then at Thirlestaine House in Cheltenham.
It was digitalized by the CSNTM in 2005.
The manuscript is located now in "Bibelmuseum" (Ms. 2) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19934821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934821" title="Blue Merle (band)">
Blue Merle (band)

Blue Merle was an American band centered in Nashville, Tennessee. Their name comes from the lyrics of a Led Zeppelin song, "Bron-Y-Aur Stomp" from Led Zeppelin III, referring to a "blue-eyed merle" border collie dog. Their lead singer Luke Reynolds, has a voice that has been compared to those of Chris Martin and Dave Matthews. The band is also known for live renditions of the Talking Heads song "".
The band was first formed when Luke Reynolds and Jason Oettel met and began to work together. A friend in a studio offered them some recording time, and they began recording several demo tracks. While they were doing so, the President of Sony Publishing happened to be there, and offered them a contract. While they passed on it, it was a start. Reynolds then met Beau Stapleton, a Mandolin player, on his way back to his home in Vermont and invited him to join. Oettel brought one of his own friends, William Ellis, a drummer into the band as well. It was William who came up with the band's name. The last member to join was Luke Bulla, a fiddle player, who had been asked to fill in for a couple weeks, and soon was a full-time member.
In February 2005, Blue Merle released "Burning In The Sun", which features the singles "Burning In The Sun", "Every Ship Must Sail Away", and "Lucky To Know You". The album hit #8 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and peaked at #199 on the Billboard 200. Blue Merle played Lollapalooza in 2005, and toured with Guster, Jem, J.J. Cale, and Badly Drawn Boy.
In April 2006, the band broke up. They played their last show, 45 minute set, on Friday, April 21 at Vanderbilt University's Rites of Spring music festival along with Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and My Morning Jacket. 
Since the band's breakup, Luke Reynolds released two solo EPs entitled "The Space Between the Lines" and "Maps". Beau Stapleton also released a solo EP, "Will I Shine For You Still".
Luke Reynolds's latest project, Pictures and Sound, released their self-titled debut album August 19, 2008 on Vanguard Records.
In August 2008, NBC used Blue Merle's song "Burning in the Sun" during a feature on the Women's Pole Vault during the Beijing Olympics. The song "If I Could" was also prominently featured in the Friday Night Lights (TV series) episode "Let's Get It On" (first aired Nov 2 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19934842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934842" title="Pedro Valdés">
Pedro Valdés

Pedro José Valdés Manzo (Born: June 29, 1973 in Fajardo, Puerto Rico) is a left-handed professional baseball outfielder who currently plays for the Acereros de Monclova in the Mexican League. He has played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs and Texas Rangers, four seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks, and one season in the Korea Baseball Organization for the LG Twins. During his MLB career, he was listed as 6'1" tall weighing 180 pounds.
Chicago Cubs.
Prior to playing professional baseball, Valdés attended Carlos Escobar López High School in Loiza, Puerto Rico. He was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 12th round of the 1990 draft, and he began his professional career that season. In 1992, he played for the Geneva Cubs and Peoria Chiefs, hitting a combined .260 with five home runs and 44 RBI in 99 games. He played for Peoria and the Daytona Cubs in 1993, hitting .302 with 15 home runs and 85 RBI in 125 games. In 1994, he played for the Orlando Cubs, hitting .282 with one home run and 37 RBI in 116 games. With the Orlando Cubs again in 1995, he hit .300 with seven home runs and 68 RBI in 114 games. He was a Southern League All-Star that year.
Valdés earned his big league debut in 1996, although he spent most of the season with the Iowa Cubs, hitting .295 with 15 home runs and 60 RBI in 103 games with them. On May 16, he made his major league debut against the Houston Astros. Pinch-hitting for Doug Jones, he struck out in his first and only at bat of the game. Overall, he would play in nine games that year, hitting .125 in eight at-bats.
He played for Iowa again in 1997, hitting .284 with 14 home runs and 60 RBI in 125 games. With Iowa for the third year in a row in 1998, Valdés hit .314 with 17 home runs and 40 RBI in 65 games with them. He made his way back to the big leagues that season, where he hit .217 in 23 at-bats. He was released by the Cubs on December 8, 1998.
Texas Rangers.
On January 12, 1999, he was signed by the Boston Red Sox. However, he was released on April 5. A couple weeks later, on April 18, he was signed by the Rangers, and it was in their organization that he had his best season to that point. Playing for the Tulsa Drillers and Oklahoma RedHawks, Valdés hit .329 with 22 home runs and 76 RBI in 121 games. He followed that with another solid season in 2000, hitting .332 with 16 home runs and 78 RBI for the RedHawks. He played in 30 big league games that season, hitting .278 with one home run and five RBI in 54 at-bats. He appeared in his final big league game on October 1.
Overall, Valdés hit .247 with one home run and eight RBI in 85 big league at bats. After his career with the RedHawks, one author considered him to be the best hitter in team history.
Japan.
Purchased by the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks on December 1, 2000, Valdés would play in Japan for the next four seasons. For Fukuoka in 2001, he hit .310 with 21 home runs and 81 RBI in 137 games. The following year, he hit .303 with 21 home runs and 76 RBI for them in 121 games. In 2003, he hit .311 with 26 home runs and 104 RBI, and in 2004 he hit .279 with 18 home runs and 74 RBI.
Recent career.
Valdés played in Mexico in 2005 and 2006, and in 2007 he played in Korea. He also played in the 2006 Caribbean Series. He returned to Mexico in 2008, and in 2010 split the season between the Olmecas de Tabasco and Monclova.

</doc>
<doc id="19934843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934843" title="Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup">
Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup

Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup is a football tournament held in Myanmar. Club sides and national teams take part in the competition.
The competition was first held in 2005, played again in 2006 but was not on the calendar for 2007. 2008 will see the third edition
Teams Achievements.
Below are the record of teams in Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup competitions (2005-present).

</doc>
<doc id="19934847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934847" title="Oil shale in Estonia">
Oil shale in Estonia

Oil shale in Estonia is an important resource for the national economy. Estonia's oil shale deposits account for just 17% of total deposits in the European Union but the country generates 90% of its power from this source. The oil shale industry in Estonia employs 7,500 people—about one percent of the national work force—and accounts for four percent of its gross domestic product.
There are two kinds of oil shale in Estonia – Dictyonema argillite (claystone) and kukersite. The first attempt to establish an open-cast oil shale pit and to start oil production was undertaken in 1838. Modern utilization of oil shale commenced in 1916. Production began in 1921 and the generation of power from oil shale in 1924. 
In 2005 Estonia was the leading producer of shale oil in the world. Of all the power plants fired by oil shale, the largest was in this country. As of 2007, six mines (open cast or underground) were extracting oil shale in Estonia.
Reserves.
There are two oil shale types in Estonia–Dictyonema argillite (claystone) and kukersite.
Dictyonema argillite.
The marine-type Estonian Dictyonema argillite (also known as Dictyonema oil shale, Dictyonema shale or alum shale) of an Early Ordovician age is a brown lithified claystone belonging to the formation of black shales of sapropelic origin. It occurs in most of northern Estonia on an area of about . The thickness of the Dictyonema argillite layer varies from less than to and lies at a depth of . Geological reserves of Dictyonema argillite in Estonia were estimated approximately to 70 billion tonnes. Although reserves of the Dictyonema argillite surpass those of kukersite, its quality is poor as a source for the energy production. The heating value of the Dictyonema argillite is 5–8 MJ/kg, and the Fischer Assay oil yield is 3–5%. The organic content of the Dictyonema argillite of north-western Estonia varies from 10 to 20%, and it contains up to 9% pyrite. It also contains a small scale of heavy metals, such as uranium (up to 300 g/t), molybdenum (up to 600 g/t), and vanadium up to 1200 g/t. The argillite of north-western Estonia has sulfur content of 2–4 %; it contains fewer metals and up to 17% of organic matter.
Kukersite.
Kukersite is a light-brown marine-type oil shale of the lowest Upper Ordovician formation, named after the Kukruse settlement in Estonia. Kukersite lies near the surface and dips to the south, so that deposits are found at depths from . It occurs as an often calcareous layer of thickness. There are a total of 50 oil shale layers. Kukersite was deposited in a shallow marine basin, forming a part of the Baltic oil shale basin with a total area about to . The main kukersite deposits in Estonia are the Estonian deposit and the Tapa deposit.
Estonian kukersite deposits are one of the world's highest-grade deposits with more than 40% organic content and 66% conversion ratio into shale oil and oil shale gas. Fischer Assay oil yield is 30 to 47%. The principal organic component of kukersite is telalginite, derived from the fossil green alga, "Gloeocapsomorpha prisca", which has affinities with the modern cyanobacterium, "Entophysalis major", an extant species that forms algal mats in inter-tidal to very shallow subtidal waters. Matrix minerals dominantly include low-magnesium calcite, dolomite, and siliciclastic minerals. They are not rich in heavy metals.
History.
Early history.
The first written information about oil shale in Estonia were made by August Wilhelm Hupel in 1777. According to Peter Simon Pallas, the occurrence of burning rock on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland occurs in the travel notes of the 18th century naturalist and explorer Johann Anton Güldenstädt. According to Paul Kogerman, Estonia's former Minister of Education and the founder of the oil shale chemistry, Estonian oil shale was discovered by a professor of University of Tartu Otto Moritz Ludwig von Engelhardt.
The first scientific research on the oil yield of Estonian oil shale was carried out at the St. Petersburg Imperial Academy of Sciences in 1791 by a German chemist Johann Gottlieb Georgi. The paper was based on the samples collected on the territory of Kohala Manor near Rakvere. In 1838—1839, a Baltic German geologist Gregor von Helmersen described in detail the Vanamõisa oil shale deposit. In 1838, he undertook the first attempt to establish an open-cast pit in the vicinity of Rakvere and attempted to obtain oil from the Vanamõisa oil shale deposit by distillation. Although the attempt of shale oil distillation failed, oil shale was used as a low-grade fuel. In the nineteenth century, the geology and chemistry of oil shale were also studied in the University of Tartu by Georg Paul Alexander Petzholdt, Alexander Gustav von Schrenk, Carl Ernst Heinrich Schmidt, Carl Friedrich Schmidt, and others.
1900–1945.
Studies of Estonian oil shale resources and mining possibilities intensified in the beginning of 20th century because of industrial development of Saint Petersburg and a shortage of fuel resources in the region. In 1910, there was a plan of construction of a large-scale shale oil plant in Estonia. The coming of World War I, coupled with a serious fuel crisis, accelerated these studies and in 1916, a group of geologists led by Nikolay Pogrebov were sent to Estonia to organize the mining of oil shale and its transportation to St. Petersburg. In June 1916, the first tonnes of oil shale were mined in Pavandu and were delivered to the Saint Petersburg Polytechnical Institute for large-scale experiments. Oil shale was utilized at gasworks and was also burned in boiler houses. For large-scale oil shale utilization, construction of oil shale-fired power plants and shale oil thermal processing factories was planned. However, Germany occupied Estonia and the following Estonian War of Independence caused their cancellation. At the same time, experiments on the uses of oil shale started in Estonia. 
The year 1916 is considered the beginning of the Estonian oil shale industry. In 1917, Russian paleobotanist Mikhail Zalessky named kukersite oil shale after the Kukruse settlement. Continuous mining activities started shortly after. In February 1918, the oil shale basin in North-East Estonia was occupied by German troops and mining activities were carried out by "Internationales Baukonsortium". However, before the end of the occupation at the same year, only a trainload of oil shale was mined and sent to Germany for investigation and experimenting with a retort constructed by Julius Pintsch A.G. (Pintsch's generator).
On 24 November 1918, the Estonian State Oil Shale Industry ("Riigi Põlevkivitööstus", predecessor of nowadays Viru Keemia Grupp) as department of the Ministry for Trade and Industry was established and it took over all existing open-pit mines. New open-pit mines were opened at Vanamõisa in 1919 and underground mines at Kukruse and Käva in 1920 and 1924 respectively. At the same time, several foreign investors started their oil shale activities in Estonia. Underground mines were opened at Kiviõli (1922), Küttejõu (1925), Ubja (1926), Viivikonna (1936), and Kohtla (1937). Initially, oil shale was used primarily in the cement industry, for firing in locomotive furnaces, and as a household fuel. The first large industrial consumer of oil shale were the Port Kunda cement factory (now Kunda Nordic Cement), which transferred its rotary kilns for cement production to oil shale firing in 1921, and the Asserin portland cement factory Aseri. Tallinn pulp factory ("Põhja paberi- ja puupapivabrik") opened its own oil shale mine in 1923. As of 1925, all locomotives in Estonia were powered by oil shale. Systematic research of oil shale and its products began in Estonia in 1925, initiated by professor Paul Kogerman.
Shale oil production started in Estonia in 1921, when the National Oil Shale Industry built the first experimental oil shale processing retorts in Kohtla-Järve. These retorts used vertical retort technology, the forerunner of current Kiviter processing technology. In 1924, an oil plant using horizontal retort (fusion retort) technology was opened in Vanamõisa. The German-owned company Eesti Kiviõli (predecessor of Kiviõli Keemiatööstus) built four tunnel kilns between 1927 and 1938. Swedish owned Eestimaa Õlikontsortsium (Estonian Oil Consortium), founded in 1928 and operating in Sillamäe, used originally internally heated retorts, but switch to tunnel kilns in 1935. In 1931, Consolidated Gold Fields of the United Kingdom built an oil factory at Kohtla-Nõmme equipped with eight rotating retorts (Davidson's retorts). This facility was closed in 1961.
The oil shale-fired power industry started in 1924, when the Tallinn Power Plant switched to oil shale. Afterward oil shale-fired power plants were built in Püssi, Kohtla, Kunda, and Kiviõli. At the beginning of World War II, the total capacity of oil shale power plants was 32.5 MW. These power plants used mainly furnaces with a movable-bar sloping grate (Krull-Lomshakov or Ilmarine-type).
After beginning of the Soviet occupation in 1940, all oil-shale industry was nationalized and subordinated to the Mining Office and later to the General Directorate of Mining and Fuel Industry of the Peoples' Commissariat for Light Industry. In 1941, the industry was largely destroyed by the retreating Soviet forces. During the German occupation, the industry was merged into a company named "Baltische Öl GmbH – Berlin", which was subordinated to "Kontinentale Öl", an affiliate of "IG Farben". The main purpose of the industry was oil production for the German Army. In 1942, of shale oil was transported to Germany. When the Soviet troops advance into Estonia in 1944, about 200 Estonian oil shale specialists were evacuated to Schömberg, Germany to work at the oil shale industry planned as a part of the Operation Desert ("Unternehmen Wüste").
Post World War II.
After World War II, the shale oil industry was developed at Kohtla-Järve and Kiviõli. Between 1946 and 1951, 13 Kiviter-type retorts were built in Kohtla-Järve with an additional three retorts built between 1981 and 1987. In addition, between 1956 and 1968 two tunnel kilns were in operation. From 1953 to 1963, eight Kiviter-type retorts were in use at Kiviõli. The first Galoter-type retorts with a solid heat carrier were built at Kiviõli in 1953 and 1963 (closed in 1963 and 1981 respectively) and the Narva Oil Plant with two Galoter-type retorts was commissioned in 1980 near the Eesti Power Plant.
From 1948, after commissioning of the shale gas plant in Kohtla-Järve, Estonian-produced oil shale gas was used in Leningrad and in northern Estonian cities as a substitute for natural gas. 276 gas generators were operational until 1987. During 1946–1952, Dictyonema argillite was used for uranium production at Sillamäe Processing Plant.
In 1949, the Kohtla-Järve Power Plant – the first power plant in the world using pulverized oil shale at an industrial scale – was commissioned with capacity of 48 MW, followed by the Ahtme Power Plant in 1951 with capacity of 72.5 MW. The world's two largest oil shale-fired power stations – Balti Power Plant and Eesti Power Plant (known as the Narva Power Plants) – were opened in 1965 and in 1973. Because of the success of oil shale-based power generation, Estonian oil shale production peaked in 1980 at 31.35 million tonnes. In 2004, two power units with circulating fluidized bed combustion (CFBC) boilers were put into operation at Narva Power Plant.
In 1984, the scientific-technical journal Oil Shale was founded in Estonia.
Mining.
As of May 2007, Estonia has been actively engaged in exploiting oil shale on a significant scale and accounts for 70% of the world's processed oil shale, although China is likely to overtake Estonian production in the near future. In 2005, Estonia mined 14.8 million tonnes of oil shale. During the same period, mining permits were issued for almost 24 million tonnes, with applications for mining an additional 26 million tonnes. Estonia has adopted the "National Development Plan for the Use of Oil Shale 2008-2015", which limits the annual mining of oil shale to 20 million tonnes. Companies involved in oil shale mining are Eesti Põlevkivi, Viru Keemia Grupp, Kiviõli Keemiatööstus and Kunda Nordic Cement. 
As of 2007, six oil shale underground mines and open-cast mines were in operation and one mine was in preparation phase in Estonia. The historical ratio of underground mining to open-cast mining is approximately fifty-fifty, although it is tending to move away from open-cast production as bed depths increase.
The Aidu and Narva opencast mines, operated by Eesti Põlevkivi, uses surface mining technology of stripping with relatively big bucket (10–35 cubic meters) excavators. Both the overburden and the bed are at first broken up by blasting. Stripping is done with smaller excavators in opencasts with thin overburden using front end loaders and hydraulic excavators. The Aidu opencast mine uses bulk extraction of all beds, while the Narva opencast mine and the Põhja-Kiviõli opencast mine, operated by Kiviõli keemiatööstus, use highly selective extraction in three layers of seams. Exhausted open-cast areas are gradually being regenerated through land recultivation and reforestation.
Underground mines exploit room and pillar method. Longwall mining, used earlier, was abandoned in 1990s. The largest oil shale mine in the world is the Estonia Mine, opened in 1972. It is operated by Eesti Energia Kaevandused.
Shale oil extraction.
In 2005, Estonia was the largest shale oil producer in the world although it is expected that as of 2007, China has taken that position. In 2005, Estonia produced 345,000 tonnes of shale oil, of which 222,000 tonnes were exported, 8,000 tonnes were utilised for electricity generation and 98,000 tonnes for heat generation. There are three shale oil producers in Estonia: VKG Oil (a subsidiary of Viru Keemia Grupp), Narva Oil Plant (a subsidiary of Eesti Energia) and Kiviõli Keemiatööstus.
Electricity generation.
The Estonian energy company Eesti Energia owns the largest oil shale-fuelled power plants (Narva Power Plants) in the world. In Estonia, more than 90% of electricity is generated from oil shale.
Cement production.
The spent shale (semi-coke) is used for portland cement production at the Kunda Nordic Cement factory. In 2002, 10,013 tonnes of semi-coke were used for cement production. As well, the Viru Keemia Grupp is planning to construct a cement factory for utilizing spent oil.

</doc>
<doc id="19934868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934868" title="Telephony Server Application Programming Interface">
Telephony Server Application Programming Interface

TSAPI, short for "Telephony Server Application Programming Interface", was a computer telephony integration standard developed and promoted by Novell and AT&T. It consisted of a number of call control commands for switching calls, voice mail and call logging using NetWare servers. Unlike the competing TAPI from Microsoft/Intel, TSAPI was a server-based system that did not expect client-side equipment to handle call switching. This was important to AT&T, who sold large telephone switches that TSAPI was intended to work with.
Description.
TSAPI consisted of two primary parts, the TSAPI application programming interface itself, and a "telephony service provider" that ran on a server and talked to TSAPI clients. Novell produced one such provider, "TServer" that ran, unsurprisingly, on NetWare servers. TServer, in turn, talked to a driver specific to the brand of telephony switch being used. NetWare acted primarily as the operating system for TServer to run within, although TServer did make use of NetWare Directory Services for security and provisioning. The whole system from client-side drivers to server to PBX driver was known as "NetWare Telephony Services" (NTS), at least when using Novell software from top to bottom.
The TSAPI message formats were based on a standard promoted by the European Computer Manufacturers Association, which was directly supported by a number of European-built switches. When used with one of these switches, the driver between the TSAPI server and the switch was "thin". "Thicker" drivers were needed for switches that did not directly support these standards. The client-side TSAPI API was available for Windows 3.1, Windows 95, Windows NT, OS/2, Mac OS and UnixWare.
TSAPI is a control protocol only, it does not send actual voice data across the network for use with software-based phones. It includes commands for dialing, hanging up and so forth. TSAPI is a stateful protocol that required a channel, referred to as a "stream", to be set up for all communications.
TSAPI and Versit.
TSAPI was being created in an era when major telephony vendors were promoting a vision of wide-area networking based on dedicated circuit-switched links. Unlike modern networking systems where each piece of data is separately routed to its destination, these networking systems were essentially a version of the existing phone system carrying data instead of voice, setting up dedicated channels between endpoints. Looking for applications that might make use of such a network, vendors promoted numerous new standards for videotelephony, high-speed fax, etc.
TSAPI standardized only the control system; getting data into and out of a computer remained an issue. There were a number of efforts by various vendors to support this functionality. Apple Computer was promoting GeoPort as the computer-end of such a system, and selected TSAPI as the messaging protocol. The various vendors formed the Versit Consortium and published the "The Versit CTI Encyclopedia." The Encyclopedia expanded the basic TSAPI system to include a data-type identifier to allow it to switch any sort of "call". Additionally, Versit allowed that data to be switched to the computer using GeoPort or a number of other connection options.

</doc>
<doc id="19934881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934881" title="Night Shot">
Night Shot

Night Shot is a 2008 album by Ruby Isle. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Ruby Isle, except "Solsbury Hill" by Peter Gabriel
Bonus tracks.
The CD also included an EP of covers from the elbo.ws cover project, where Ruby Isle covered the #1 song on elbo.ws each week
Personnel.
Dan Geller - Vocals, bass
Mark Mallman - Vocals, guitar
Aaron Lemay - Drums
Mastering: Jacques Wait
Graphic Design: Chris Bilheimer
Additional Design: Ryan Lewis
Additional Engineering/Percussion: Sean Hoffman
Additional guitar: Ryan Smith
Guitar on "Foam Hands": Troy Schaefer
Background Vocals on "Atom Bombz" Hillary Churchill
Guest Vocals: Amy Dykes, Tay Zonday

</doc>
<doc id="19934883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934883" title="Discobitch">
Discobitch

Discobitch is a French electronic music project founded by Kylian Mash with Laurent Konrad.
Their first single, "C'est beau la bourgeoisie", was a huge club hit in a number of European countries. It was number 2 in France and Belgium (Wallonia), number 4 in Belgium (Flanders), number 19 in Switzerland and number 61 in Germany. It earned a gold disc in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19934933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934933" title="Calm Before the Storm">
Calm Before the Storm

Calm Before the Storm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19934973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934973" title="Arundhati Ghose">
Arundhati Ghose

Arundhati Ghose (born 1940) is a former Indian diplomat. She attained celebrity as head of the Indian delegation that participated in the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva in 1996.
Early life.
Ghose comes from a prominent Bengali family. She is a sister of Ruma Pal, a former Supreme court judge, and of Bhaskar Ghose, former chairman of Prasar Bharati. Bhaskar's daughter, Sagarika Ghose and her husband Rajdeep Sardesai are prominent journalists who presently run the Indian arm of the CNN-IBN news channel. Ghose is also an aunt of Sanjay Ghose, a social worker who was abducted and killed by ULFA in Assam in 1997.
Ghose grew up in Mumbai and studied at Cathedral and John Connon School. She graduated from Lady Brabourne College in Kolkata and went on to study at Visva-Bharati University, in Shantiniketan, before joining the Indian Foreign Service in 1963.
Diplomat.
In 1996 Ghose was deputed to head India's delegation to the CTBT conference in Geneva. India was a key participant at this conference, being one of only three countries that possessed nuclear technology and yet remained unrecognized as a nuclear power and outside the ambit of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT). Indeed, the CTBT had been devised expressly to bring such countries under an international system of obligations. In keeping with its long standing and oft-enunciated policy, India declined to endorse any regimen that permitted some countries to retain nuclear weaponry while limiting the ability of other countries to develop similar capabilities of their own.

</doc>
<doc id="19934994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934994" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 23 competitors first raced in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining competitors competed in the repechages.
Repechages.
Two repechages were held. The top four finishers in each repechage and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers from each of the two semifinals along with the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 3. 
Robinson led for the first 250 meters before Holmann took over to lead at 500 meters. Bonomi took the lead at the 750 meter mark before Holmann, using a wooden boat, pulled away to win by over a boat length.

</doc>
<doc id="19935004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935004" title="Rostislav Sinicyn">
Rostislav Sinicyn

Rostislav Sinicyn (, also romanized as Sinitsyn; born 18 October 1955) is an ice dancer who competed for the Soviet Union. With partner Natalia Karamyševa (Karamysheva), Sinicyn is the 1978 and 1980 Soviet national champion. Following his retirement from competitive skating, he works as a coach and choreographer and was naturalized as a Czech citizen.
Career.
Rostislav Sinitsyn and Natalia Karamysheva placed 5th at the 1979 European Championships and 7th at the 1980 World Championships. They won the silver medal at the 1981 Winter Universiade.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, Sinicyn became a coach and choreographer. His current and former students and clients include:
Ice dancing
Single skating
Personal life.
Sinicyn is a naturalized Czech citizen. He is married to Natalia Karamyševa. Their son, Alexander Sinicyn – born 27 March 1996 in Prague – is a competitive ice dancer for the Czech Republic.
Sinicyn and Sinitsyn have both been used to romanize his surname. Sinicyn is the Czech-style version.

</doc>
<doc id="19935018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935018" title="David Klein (ophthalmologist)">
David Klein (ophthalmologist)

David Klein (1908 – 1993) was a Swiss human geneticist and ophthalmologist.
Klein graduating from the University of Basel in 1934. After graduating, he worked at the Rheinau Psychiatric Clinic, Zurich. He moved to Geneva as scientific assistant to professor Adolphe Franceschetti at the ophthalmological clinic. In 1970 he was appointed full professor. He retired in 1978 with the status of professor emeritus. After retirement, he was active as consultant in human genetics at the ophthalmological clinic, Geneva, and the school of amblyopic and blind children in Baar, Switzerland.
Klein made contributions towards the understanding of Waardenburg syndrome, or more fully, the van der Hoeve-Halbertsma-Waardenburg-Klein syndrome. In August 1947 Klein presented a deaf mute child, who was 10 years of age, and had partial albinism of the hair and body, blue, hypoplastic rides, blepharophimosis and malformation of arms, to the Swiss Society of Genetics, and gave a full report of his findings in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19935074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935074" title="Flerohopp">
Flerohopp

Flerohopp is a village situated in Nybro Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 209 inhabitants in 2005.
Flerohopp grew up around the ironworks which had been founded in the town in 1725. The name Flerohopp comes from the names of the three founders of the factory: G.W. Fleetwood, G.F. Rothlieb and Caspar Dietrich Hoppenstedt. The ironworks was in use until 1880. In the same buildings the glassworks were established in 1892, which was operational until 1960. Glass was blown for laboratory work and lightbulbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19935081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935081" title="Randal MacAlister">
Randal MacAlister

Randal George Leslie MacAlister was an eminent Anglican priest in the last quarter of the 20th century and the early part of the 21st.
He was born on 31 December 1941 and educated at The Royal School, Armagh and Trinity College, Dublin. Ordained in 1966, his career began with a curacy at St Mark's Portadown after which he was Rector of St John’s Greenock, then of St John's Forfar. Next he was Chaplain of St Mark's Sophia Antipolis in France before his appointment as Dean of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane. A keen student of the Gaelic language, he retired in 2006 He died in Corthachy, Angus on 19 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19935089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935089" title="Bishop Viard College">
Bishop Viard College

Bishop Viard College, Also known as Viard College or BVC is a coeducational secondary school (years 7-13) located in Porirua, New Zealand. The college is now integrated into the state system under the Private Schools Conditional Integration Act 1975.
History.
The college was founded in 1968 by Cardinal Peter McKeefry, Archbishop of Wellington, and was staffed by the Assumptionist Fathers and Brigidine Sisters. The schools was named after Philippe Viard, the first Catholic Bishop of Wellington Originally the school consisted of two institutions (for boys and girls) on the same site, however it became a single co-educational unit in 1975. St Peter's College in Gore opened as a co-educational College in 1969.
The school celebrated its 40th Jubilee in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19935113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935113" title="Marginal Pinheiros">
Marginal Pinheiros

Marginal Pinheiros (officially SP-015) is a section of this highway that runs through the city of São Paulo, Brazil. The name of this section comes from the fact that each way of the expressway runs near a different waterfront of the Pinheiros River. It is one of the most important roads in São Paulo, linking the north and south zones, beginning at the triple border of Campos Grande, Cidade Dutra and Socorro and ending at the border of Vila Leopoldina and Jaguaré.
It provides access to many important highways of the state of São Paulo, including the Anchieta Highway and the Imigrantes Highway via the Bandeirantes Avenue; the Raposo Tavares Highway and the Régis Bittencourt Highway via the Francisco Morato Avenue; and to the Castelo Branco highway via the Cebolão, a complex of accesses linking Marginal Pinheiros, Marginal Tietê and the aforementioned highway. There are several bridges connecting each side of the river, such as the Octavio Frias de Oliveira bridge. Even though there are seven lanes in each side of the Marginal Pinheiros, it is still very common for traffic congestion to take place there.

</doc>
<doc id="19935122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935122" title="1940–41 Serie C">
1940–41 Serie C

The Serie C 1940-1941 was the sixth tournament of this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19935123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935123" title="Sofia Nizharadze">
Sofia Nizharadze

Sofia Nizharadze (, "Sopho Nizharadze" ; born February 6, 1986 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, USSR) is a Georgian singer, actress, and songwriter who represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "Shine". Nizharadze was a jury member on the TV show "Georgia got talent"
Biography.
Early life.
Nizharadze's grandmother, a Turkish native, met her husband in Georgia during vacation and stayed there, during the Soviet era when all non-Soviet foreigners were considered potential spies, causing her trouble to communicate with her family in Turkey.
Nizharadze was born in Tbilisi and started singing from an early age, something that was encouraged by her mother. She studied piano and vocals in the Tbilisi State Conservatory, graduated with honors, and later continued her studies at the theatre of Arts GITIS, Moscow. She also graduated with honors from the Gnessin State Musical College, Moscow. She has a younger brother.
Music career.
Sopho's vocal range is light lyric soprano.
At the age of three, Nizharadze started performing as a professional with very positive reception. At the age of seven she was invited by Jansug Kakhidze, a prominent Georgian conductor and author of famous sound tracks for Georgian cinema, to join a children’s music studio where she took the lead as a vocalist for various shows and TV projects.
Later on at age 11, she performed “Sous le ciel de Paris” at the French Embassy, where she was noticed by journalist Bernard Pivot who invited her to his program on TV5.
When she reached 17 years old, Nizharadze had won several international young singer's contests, including the "Bravo, Bravissimo!" competition in Mini La Scala (Italy), "Crystal Note" (Moscow, Russia), "Crystal Fur-tree" (Borjomi, Georgia). She participated in several festivals in Russia, Turkey, Italy, Latvia and Georgia.
Later, she took the leading parts in the musicals “The Wedding Of The Jays” and ”Roméo et Juliette, de la Haine à l'Amour”. Living in Moscow at that moment she started gaining international recognition as a singer.
In 2004, she got a main part in Gerard Presgurvic's musical (Original Russian Version, Operetta Theatre, leading cast). In 2005, she reached the final in the New Wave Festival in Jūrmala, Latvia.
In 2008, Nizharadze gave up her career in Russia and returned to Georgia as a consequence of the war between the two countries, and started a career in Georgia.
Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Nizharadze was internally chosen by GPB to represent Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. An open call for songs was launched, and over 100 entries submitted, the broadcasting authorities selected six, that were all performed by her in a national final on February 27 in the Tbilisi Even Hall. Shine was voted as the winner.
2010: After Eurovision.
Nizharadze will plan her new album release, and new songs for it. She will also continue promoting her Eurovision entry in Georgia. Sofia actively participates in many concerts and shows in Europe and Asia. She sang duets with legendary José Carreras, Andrea Bocelli and Chris de Burgh. She was also the spokesperson announcing the Georgian votes during the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19935152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935152" title="2008 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup">
2008 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup

The 2008 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup was the third edition of the Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup annual football tournament held in Myanmar. The tournament took place from 11 November to 21 November 2008 in Yangon.
Goalscorers.
5 goals:
2 goals:
1 goal:

</doc>
<doc id="19935159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935159" title="Le déserteur (film)">
Le déserteur (film)

Le déserteur is a 2008 Quebec feature film directed by Simon Lavoie. The film stares Émile Proulx-Cloutier, Raymond Cloutier, Danielle Proulx, Viviane Audet, Benoit Gouin and Gilles Renaud.
It tells the story of Georges Guénette, a deserter from the Canadian army during World War II, who was shot and killed by members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Background.
Georges Guénette was a deserter from the Canadian Army and, like many French Canadians during World War II, an opponent of the war and conscription (the draft). 
In May 1944, a few months after Guénette deserted from the army, four Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officers found Guenette in his father's farmhouse, in St-Lambert-de-Lévis (near Quebec City). He jumped out of a window and ran across the fields. Guénette fell, wounded "by a ricocheting bullet," and died without the last rites of the church. 
Two RCMP officers were later charged with manslaughter in Guénette's death, and the shooting was an issue in the 1944 Quebec general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19935185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935185" title="List of railway stations in Cornwall">
List of railway stations in Cornwall

There are 36 railway stations in Cornwall, United Kingdom, on 6 distinct passenger lines of the National Rail network. Also listed are the 4 railway stations in Devon that make up part of these lines. Heritage and freight-only lines are not listed.
Stations listed alphabetically in table form.
All stations are within Cornwall and are listed with their total number of entry/exit users.
Stations listed by line.
Stations on the Cornish mainline are listed from east to west. Branch lines are listed from east to west and branch stations are listed from their junction with the mainline out to the terminus.
Saltash to Penzance Cornish Main Line (listed east to west)
Gunnislake branch Tamar Valley Line
Looe branch Looe Valley Line
Newquay branch Atlantic Coast Line
Falmouth branch Maritime Line
St Ives branch St Ives Bay Line

</doc>
<doc id="19935195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935195" title="Ballylanders">
Ballylanders

Ballylanders () is a village in south County Limerick, Ireland. It is situated on the R513; Mitchelstown-Limerick regional road, being approximately 14 km. from the former and 44 km. from the latter. The 2006 census recorded a population of 333 people.
Name.
Historically the name translates as ‘de Londra's town’ and is most likely of Norman origin and referring to a popular Anglo-Norman derived family surname of "Landers" or alternatively "de Londra" can give its translation as "Town of the Londoner".
Amenities.
There is a holy well close to the village which is the focal point of the "Pattern day", held annually on 15 August, this is one of the major such fair days in the locality. In 2011 The Wolfe Tones performed in the marquee during the pattern festival. 
The present day Catholic parish church is of a modern circular design, the first in the country. Although the very first church in the village which was a Church of Ireland, thought to be built in the 19th century is still in existence today as a private dwelling house two houses up from Buckley's shop on Main Street, the arches of the church are still visible from the inside and are preserved for aesthetic value.
Griston Bog, on the west side of the village, is a noted nature reserve and bird sanctuary which is home to numerous birds, insects and plants.
Sports.
Ballylanders has a popular and successful G.A.A. club which has won the Limerick county Senior Football championship in 1917, 1999 and 2007. 
Ballylanders Soccer Club which was first established in 1987 continues to be one of the most active and vibrant clubs in the community. The club caters for boys and girls of all age groups and has over 200 registered members; the club purchased its own grounds in 1992 and the facility comprises a clubhouse, two full-size playing pitches and a full-size floodlit training pitch. Recently the club has developed an amenity walk around the perimeter of its ground and has completed the planting of 250 native hardwood trees in part of their facility which was unsuitable for development as a playing area. Development work on their facility is funded through a weekly lottery, with tickets available from local pubs and shops.
Notable people.
Frank Dineen (1862–1916)
Frank Dineen was one of Munster's most promising athletes of the early 1880s. Later he became the only person to ever hold both posts of president (1885–1898) and Secretary (1898–1901) of the G.A.A., as Secretary he tried to restore financial stability when the Association was threatened with bankruptcy. In 1907 he fronted the purchase of the Croke Park site out of his own personal finances for £3,250. He was the writer of the Gaelic column in influential weekly 'Sport' for many years. Prominent in Land League and Fenian movements, he became a supporter of John Redmond after the turn of century. He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery. The house in Ballylanders where he was born is now owned by the MacDermott family.
Services.
There is a local transport service in the locality known as Ballyhoura Travel.

</doc>
<doc id="19935204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935204" title="Tennessee Coach Company">
Tennessee Coach Company

The Tennessee Coach Company (TCC) was a regional highway-coach carrier, founded in 1928 and based in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA. It was in operation until 1976, when it became merged into the Continental Tennessee Lines, a subsidiary of the Transcontinental Bus System, called also the Continental Trailways. Continental Trailways was by far the largest member company in the Trailways trade association, which was then named the National Trailways Bus System.
Origin.
The TCC began in the Volunteer State in 1928, combining the Southern Motor Coach Company, which had started running in 1924 between Knoxville and Chattanooga, and the Safety Coach Company, which had started running in 1925 between Knoxville and Johnson City.
Background.
The story of the TCC dates back to 1919 in Ohio with Onnie Bruce "O.B." Baskette. He drove first for the Cleveland-Akron Bus Company, then for the Cleveland-Elyria-Toledo Bus Company (which, despite its name, ran only between Cleveland and Norwalk, Ohio, beyond Elyria but short of Toledo). He then returned to the former firm in a management job.
Baskette moved to North Carolina during the winter of 1924-25 and started working (albeit for a short time) for the Carolina Motor Coaches (running between Raleigh and Greensboro, which in November 1925 became a major part of the newly founded Carolina Coach Company. May 1940 the latter firm became a member of the Trailways association (and thus became known also as the Carolina Trailways); in 1997 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI.
curious result of that last step is that now a Greyhound subsidiary (the Carolina Coach Company, the Carolina Trailways) is a member of the Trailways association, now named as the Trailways Transportation System.
While Baskette was in North Carolina, he met two brothers, Al and M.H. Kraemer, who became connected (although not as principals) with the Carolina Coach Company in its beginning. 
Baskette, seeking an opportunity to start a firm of his own, moved to East Tennessee. In March 1925 he began running between Knoxville and Johnson City along US highway 11E (US-11E) via Jefferson City, Morristown, and Greeneville. In the next year, 1926, he incorporated his operation as the Safety Coach Company. He started with two Fageol Safety Coaches and added seven more by the end of 1926. In naming his firm he took a cue from the brand name of the Fageol Safety Coaches, as did a number of the founders of other early coach concerns.
The two Kraemer brothers left the Carolina Coach Company in 1927, then they joined Baskette in his firm in Tennessee.
Development.
In 1928 O.B. Baskette and Al Kraemer incorporated the Tennessee Coach Company, bought the Southern Motor Coach Company (running between Knoxville and Chattanooga), then merged that firm and Baskett's own Safety Coach Company (running between Knoxville and Johnson City) into the new TCC. 
The State of Tennessee in 1929 issued a joint certificate (of public convenience and necessity) to the TCC and the Union Transfer Company (UTC), based in Nashville, for service between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70, later redesignated in part as -70S, via Murfreesboro, Woodbury, McMinnville, Sparta, Crossville, Rockwood, and Kingston. 
1930 the Consolidated Coach Corporation (Consolidated, CCC, or the CCC Lines), based in Lexington, Kentucky, bought the UTC; in 1931 Consolidated adopted the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines); in 1936 the Consolidated firm became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (GL).
The Tennessee Coach Company in 1929 extended its Johnson City line to Bristol (on the state line between Tennessee and Virginia) and in 1930 to Bluefield (on the state line between Virginia and West Virginia; in 1938 it added service to Atlanta, Georgia, both from Knoxville and from Chattanooga (although along rural backwoodsy routes through lightly populated areas, because Greyhound already ran between Chattanooga and Atlanta through more populous areas in north Georgia via Rome, Dalton, and Calhoun). 
The TCC also provided extensive local commuter service from Knoxville to Kingston, Rockwood, Harriman, Oliver Springs, and (especially during World War II) to Oak Ridge (still sometimes called the Secret City). Ridge was the site of the headquarters of the top-secret Manhattan Project, which in 1945 produced the world's first nuclear weapons.
A sharing arrangement.
The Tennessee Coach Company and the other carrier – first the UTC, later the CCC, even later the Southeastern GL – shared their joint certificate (for the route between Nashville and Knoxville) in an unusual way: One carrier ran in one direction on any given scheduled trip, then the other carrier ran in that direction on that same sked the next day, and vice versa. That is, they ran in opposite directions, and they changed directions each day.
That plan continued until 1956, when the TCC joined the National Trailways association. With the approval of the federal Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), the TCC took over four of the nine daily trips in each direction, and the Southeastern GL took over the other five trips each way. The TCC also started one daily trip each way between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70N via Lebanon, Carthage, Cookeville, and Crossville, joining the Continental Tennessee Lines, based in Nashville, another Trailways member company, on that parallel alternate route.
For a short time during the 1930s, while the TCC operated in cooperation with the Southeastern GL, several of the coaches of the TCC (Yellow Coach long-nose streamliners) appeared (with the consent of Greyhound) in the Greyhound livery, complete with lettering for the Tennessee Greyhound Lines (which never existed at all as a separate distinct entity).
Between Knoxville and Bristol.
In 1929 – the same year in which the TCC and the UTC obtained their joint certificate for service between Nashville and Knoxville – another significant neighboring carrier came into existence. 
Three major players in the early highway-coach industry organized yet another carrier, based in Roanoke, Virginia, named as the Old Dominion (OD) Stages (using the nickname of the state or Commonwealth of Virginia). The founders were Arthur Hill (of the Blue and Gray Transit Company, of Charleston, West Virginia), John Gilmer (of the Camel City Coach Company, of Winston-Salem, North Carolina), and Guy Huguelet (of the Consolidated Coach Corporation, of Lexington, Kentucky, which in 1936 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines). They owned the new firm in three equal shares. The purpose of the new firm was to run between Knoxville and Washington, DC, via Bristol, Wytheville, Roanoke, Lexington, Staunton, and Winchester (all the last six in Virginia), along a route which divided between the territories of the Blue and Gray and the Camel City companies. Service began on the day before Thanksgiving Day in November 1929.
The Blue and Gray Transit Company and the Camel City Coach Company in December 1929 together became the National Highway Transport (NHT) Company. NHT soon formed operating ties to Greyhound and began negotiations with Greyhound. In early 1931 NHT began using the trade name of the Atlantic Greyhound Lines, while at first retaining its previous corporate name. In July 1931 NHT became renamed as the Atlantic Greyhound Lines.
In May 1932 the Old Dominion Stages leased its route segment between Knoxville and Bristol (on US-11W via Rutledge, Bean Station, Rogersville, and Kingsport) to the Tennessee Coach Company. 
Thus the TCC began running between Knoxville and Bristol along -11W, the leased parallel route, as well as -11E, its own original route. 
Later in 1932 Hill and Gilmer bought the one-third interest of Huguelet in the OD Stages, then they merged OD into their Atlantic GL.
The TCC continued to run the leased Old Dominion segment (between Knoxville and Bristol) along US-11W as well as its own original parallel route along -11E. It took part in through-schedules (interlined pool operations) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more operating companies – in cooperation with the Atlantic GL, the Dixie GL, and the Southeastern GL – including those between Birmingham, Alabama, and Bristol and between Memphis, Tennessee, and Washington. It did so until 1956, when the TCC joined the National Trailways trade association, and when the TCC returned its leased right to that segment to the Atlantic GL (as the successor in interest of the OD Stages) – as a part of the deal related to the dissociation of the TCC from Greyhound. 
Afterward the TCC continued running between Knoxville and Bristol, but only along its own original route on US-11E.
Sale of TCC.
In 1960 the Tennessee Coach Company became sold to a new firm (created specifically to buy the TCC), named as the Tennessee Trailways, Inc., owned in three equal shares by three other Trailways member companies. The investors were the Virginia Stage Lines (the Virginia Trailways), the Smoky Mountain Lines (the Smoky Mountain Trailways), and the Continental Tennessee Lines (a Trailways concern which ran in part between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70N via Lebanon, Carthage, Cookeville, and Crossville. last firm was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Continental Southern Lines, based in Alexandria, Louisiana. The two latter firms were members of the Transcontinental Bus System (using the brand name of the Continental Trailways), which was the largest member company in the National Trailways association. The TCC retained its old brand name until 1976 despite the sale.
In 1966 the Transcontinental Bus System (operating as the Continental Trailways), based in Dallas, Texas, bought most of the large Trailways member companies along the Atlantic Seaboard. Those included were the Safeway Trails (the Safeway Trailways), the Virginia Stage Lines (the Virginia Trailways), the Queen City Coach Company (the Queen City Trailways), and the Smoky Mountain Stages (the Smoky Mountain Trailways), but not the Carolina Coach Company (the Carolina Trailways) or the Tamiami Trail Tours (the Tamiami Trailways).
Thus the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways) acquired the other two-thirds of the ownership of the Tennessee Trailways (which had bought the Tennessee Coach Company in 1960) – through its purchase of the Virginia Trailways and the Smoky Mountain Trailways – in addition to the one-third share which already was the property of the Continental Tennessee Lines, already a subsidiary of the Continental Southern Lines, which in turn was a division of the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways).
Merger into Continental Trailways.
Eventually in 1976 the Continental Trailways merged the Tennessee Trailways (which had continued to use the brand name of the Tennessee Coach Company) into the Continental Tennessee Lines – at the same time when it merged also the Continental Crescent Lines, another neighboring firm, into the Continental Tennessee Lines.
Conclusion.
Thus finally ended the separate existence or identity of the Tennessee Coach Company.
Addendum.
In 1968 the Holiday Inns of America, based in Memphis, Tennessee, bought the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways), then later renamed it as the Trailways, Inc., TWI. 
In 1979 the Holiday Inns sold the TWI to a private investor, Henry Lea Hillman Sr., of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation, the original umbrella Greyhound firm, which had become widely diversified far beyond transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business) to a new company named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., GLI, based in Dallas, Texas. The buyer was a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., TWI, also based in Dallas), which was the largest member company in the National Trailways trade association.
Later in that same year, 1987, the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI. 
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey as the chief executive officer after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives, while continuing to reduce its level of service. The reductions consist of hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states, doing so on fewer days (that is, increasingly operating some trips fewer than seven days per week), and using fewer through-coaches, thus requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
Now a few pieces of the Tennessee Coach Company still exist, but only as unrecognizable parts of the Greyhound Lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19935205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935205" title="Natalia Karamysheva">
Natalia Karamysheva

Natalja Germanovna Karamyševa (, also romanized as Natalia Karamysheva) is a former Soviet ice dancer who works as a coach and choreographer. With partner Rostislav Sinicyn (Sinitsyn), she is the 1978 and 1980 Soviet national champion. 
Career.
Natalia Karamysheva and Rostislav Sinitsyn placed 5th at the 1979 European Championships and 7th at the 1980 World Championships. They won the silver medal at the 1981 Winter Universiade.
Following her retirement from competitive skating, Karamyševa became a coach and choreographer working in the Czech Republic. Her current and former students and clients include Karolína Procházková / Michal Češka, Jana Čejková / Alexander Sinicyn, Kamila Hájková / David Vincour, Lucie Myslivečková / Matěj Novák, Jakub Strobl, and Barbora Ulehlova.
Personal life.
Karamyševa is married to Rostislav Sinicyn. Their son, Alexander Sinicyn – born 27 March 1996 in Prague – is a competitive ice dancer for the Czech Republic. 
Karamyševa and Karamysheva have both been used to romanize her surname. Karamyševa is the Czech-style version.
Results.
with Rostislav Sinicyn

</doc>
<doc id="19935228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935228" title="Federation of Norwegian Industries">
Federation of Norwegian Industries

The Federation of Norwegian Industries () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established on 1 January 2006 as a merger of the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries and the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries.
The current CEO is Stein Lier-Hansen. Chairman of the board is Rasmus Sunde.

</doc>
<doc id="19935274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935274" title="Harrison County History of Coal Museum">
Harrison County History of Coal Museum

The Harrison County History of Coal Museum, also known as the Puskarich Coal Museum, opened in May 1994 in Cadiz, Ohio in the lower level of the Puskarich Public Library. The museum is open during the libraries' normal business hours from Monday - Thursday 9:00-8:00, Friday 9:00-6:00, and Saturday 9:00-5:00. Tours can be arranged by appointment. Admission is free of charge.
Museum Information.
Inside the coal museum, different displays and photographs of various mining memorabilia are available for viewing. The 99-seat theater offers film presentations of the coal industry and its history. Some of the topics featured are:
Mining in General.
Coal's geological history, the history of coal mining in the United States, how mines were built, coal in the environment and products with items ranging from insecticides made from creosote coal tar to moth balls, a distillate of coal tar. Coal samples depicting anthracite (hard coal) is also displayed. Many of the displays were donated by area collectors as well as those associated with the mining industry. Elizabeth Reeb, a researcher-curator with the Ohio Historical Society, is responsible for many museum exhibits and photos.
Underground Mining.
The actual mining process with its machines and methods, a general history of the United Mine Workers of America and Safety are included here. Miners' tools, equipment (hats, lunch buckets, safety devices) are acquired for displays. The safety device display covers the gamut from the old-fashioned bird cage - when the death of the bird meant the presence of deadly gases - to today's self-contained rescuer kits with one-hour oxygen supply. The biggest display is a thirties-forty era Watt Car located in the centerpiece of the lobby area. It was donated to the museum by the Cravat Coal Company. It stands in front of a huge photo of the entrance to a deep mine. The museum's walls and ceiling are set in black to give the underground feel of a deep mine.
Surface Mining.
Machines and equipment like the Silver Spade and Giant Earth Mover (GEM), reclamation, and a model of a surface mine operation are key components. Among the displayed pieces is a broken off "tooth" from the gigantic bucket of Consolidation Coal Company's Silver Spade and a section of the three-inch-thick electrical cable used to switch it on.
Local Mining.
Harrison County was a top coal producing county in Ohio. The general history of mining in this county and Eastern Ohio is covered from Ida Mae Stull, who was nationally-recognized as the country's first woman coal miner, to the decline of the industry during the 1980s. Items from local mines are also on display. Other displays include several watch fobs, popular then and now, representing various coal equipment companies. The old "company store" is also featured with examples of merchandise and "scrip", both paper and metal.
Available Videos.
Besides the many books offered at the Puskarich Public Library, the library and coal museum offer videos about coal mining.

</doc>
<doc id="19935279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935279" title="Abel Boyer">
Abel Boyer

Abel Boyer (1667? – 16 November 1729) was a French-English lexicographer, journalist and miscellaneous writer.
Biography.
Abel Boyer was probably born on 24 June 1667 at Castres, in Upper Languedoc, southern France. His father, Pierre Boyer, one of the two consuls or chief magistrates of Castres, had been suspended and fined for his Protestantism. Boyer's education at the academy of Puylaurens was interrupted by the religious disturbances, and leaving France with his maternal uncle Pierre Campdomerc, a noted Huguenot preacher, he finished his studies at Franeker in Friesland, after a brief episode, it is said, of military service in Holland. Proceeding to England in 1689 he fell into great poverty, and is represented as transcribing and preparing for the press Dr. Thomas Smith's edition of William Camden's Latin correspondence (London, 1691). A good classical scholar, Boyer became in 1692 tutor to Allen Bathurst, afterwards first Earl Bathurst, whose father Sir Benjamin was treasurer of the household of the princess, afterwards Queen Anne. Probably through this connection he was appointed French teacher to her son Prince William, Duke of Gloucester, for whose use he prepared and to whom he dedicated "The Complete French Master", published in 1694. Disappointed of advancement on account of his zeal for Whig principles, he abandoned tuition for authorship.
In December 1699, Boyer produced on the London stage, with indifferent success, a modified translation in blank verse of Jean Racine's "Iphigénie", which was published in 1700 as "Achilles or Iphigenia in Aulis, a tragedy written by Mr. Boyer". A second edition of it appeared in 1714 as "The Victim, or Achilles and Iphigenia in Aulis", in an "advertisement" prefixed to which Boyer stated that in its first form it had "passed the correction and approbation" of John Dryden. In 1702, there appeared at The Hague the work which has made Boyer's a familiar name, his "Dictionnaire Royal Français et Anglais, divisé en deux parties", ostensibly composed for the use of the Duke of Gloucester, then dead. It was much superior to every previous work of the kind, and has been the basis of very many subsequent French-English dictionaries; the last English unabridged edition is that of 1816; the edition published at Paris in 1860 is stated to be the 41st. For the English-French section Boyer claimed the merit of containing a more complete English dictionary than any previous one, the English words and idioms in it being defined and explained as well as accompanied by their French equivalents. In the French preface to the whole work, Boyer said that 1,000 English words not in any other English dictionary had been added to his by Richard Savage, whom he spoke of as his friend, and who assisted him in several of his French manuals and miscellaneous compilations and translations published subsequently. Among the English versions of French works executed in whole or in part by Boyer was a popular translation of Fénelon's "Télémaque", of which a twelfth edition appeared in 1728.
In 1702, Boyer published a "History of William III", which included one of James II, and in 1703 he began to issue "The History of the Reign of Queen Anne digested into annals", a yearly register of political and miscellaneous occurrences, containing several plans and maps illustrating the military operations of the war of the Spanish succession. Before the last volume, the eleventh, of this work appeared in 1713, he had started publishing a similar monthly periodical, "The Political State of Great Britain, being an impartial account of the most material occurrences, ecclesiastical, civil, and military, in a monthly letter to a friend in Holland" (38 volumes, 1711–29). Its contents, which were those of a monthly newspaper, included abstracts of the chief political pamphlets published on both sides, and, like the "Annals", is, both from its form and matter, very useful for reference. "The Political State" is, moreover, particularly noticeable as being the first periodical, issued at brief intervals, which contained a parliamentary chronicle, and in which parliamentary debates were reported with comparative regularity and with some approximation to accuracy. In the case of the House of Lords' reports various devices, such as giving only the initials of the names of the speakers, were resorted to in order to escape punishment, but in the case of the House of Commons the entire names were frequently given. According to Boyer's own account (preface to his folio History of Queen Anne, and to vol. xxxvii. of the Political State) he had been furnished by members of both houses of parliament (among whom he mentioned Lord Stanhope) with reports of their speeches, and he had even succeeded in becoming an occasional 'ear-witness' of the debates themselves. When he was threatened at the beginning of 1729 with arrest by the printers of the votes, whose monopoly they accused him of infringing, he asserted that for thirty years in his "History of King William", his "Annals", and in his "Political State", he had given reports of parliamentary debates without being molested. The threat induced him to discontinue the publication of the debates. He intended to resume the work, but failed to carry out his intention. He died in a house which he had built for himself at Chelsea, London.
Besides conducting the periodicals mentioned, Boyer began in 1705 to edit the "Post-boy",a thrice-a-week London news-sheet. His connection with it ended in August 1709, through a quarrel with the proprietor, when Boyer started on his own account a "True Post-boy", which seems to have been short-lived. A "Case" which he printed in vindication of his right to use the name of "Post-boy" for his new venture gives some curious particulars of the way in which the news-sheets of the time were manufactured. Boyer was also the author of pamphlets, in one of which, "An Account of the State and Progress of the present Negotiations of Peace", he attacked Jonathan Swift, who writes in the "Journal to Stella" (16 Oct. 1711), after dining with Bolingbroke:
Boyer was discharged from custody through the intervention, he says, of Robert Harley, to whom he boasts of having rendered services. Though he professed a strict political impartiality in the conduct of his principal periodicals, Boyer was a zealous whig. For this reason doubtless Alexander Pope gave him a niche in "The Dunciad" (book ii. 413), where, under the soporific influence of Dulness, "Boyer the state, and Law the stage gave o'er" his crime, according to Pope's explanatory note, being that he was "a voluminous compiler of annals, political collections, &c."
Works.
Boyer was a prolific author: the list of his works in the British Library's 1880 catalogue used nearly four folio pages of print to list his works.

</doc>
<doc id="19935291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935291" title="Professional Football League of Ukraine">
Professional Football League of Ukraine

Professional Football League of Ukraine (also known as PFL) is a sport organization that represents the Union of all professional level clubs in Ukraine. The League organizes the football competition for football clubs in the second and the third level of the Ukrainian league system. It enforces the laws and regulations and ensures that the competitions are organized under the concept of "Fair play".
History.
The PFL was established on May 26, 1996 during the Conference of non-amateur clubs (teams) of Ukraine. The first president of that organization became Hryhoriy Surkis. On July 17 the organization was contracted by FFU for the organization of all competition among the non-amateur clubs in the country. In the August 2000 Hryhoriy Surkis was elected the president of FFU, and the new president of PFL was elected on December 22 who became the vice-president of FC Shakhtar Donetsk, Ravil Safiullin. He was later reelected for the second term. In summer of 2008 the Supreme League was reformed into self-governing organization that protects the interests of the elite clubs of Ukraine. That left the PFL to govern only the First and the Second Divisions. The PFL itself also was reformed, creating the Councils of each Division in the League.
Organization.
Disciplinary Committee.
The Committee, "DK PFL", consists of nine members.

</doc>
<doc id="19935308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935308" title="Lucy Mair">
Lucy Mair

Lucy Philip Mair (28 January 1901 – 1 April 1986) was a British anthropologist. She wrote on the subject of social organization, and contributed to the involvement of anthropological research in governance and politics.
Career.
Mair read Classics at Newnham College, Cambridge, graduating with a BA in 1923. In 1927 she joined the LSE, studying social anthropology under Bronisław Malinowski, and commenced ethnographic fieldwork in Uganda in 1931. At Malinowski's direction she spent her time in Uganda studying social change, returning to the UK in 1932 to submit her dissertation and receive her PhD. She began lecturing at LSE the same year, but joined the Royal Institute for International Affairs with the outbreak of World War II. In 1943 she moved to the Ministry of Information, then at the war's end took a job training Australian administrators for work in Papua New Guinea.
In 1946 Mair returned to LSE as reader in colonial administration, commencing a second readership (in applied anthropology) in 1952. In 1963 she became a professor, a post she held until retirement in 1968. In 1964 she was made president of Section N of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. She gave the 1967 Frazer Lecture at Cambridge University.
Works.
Mair published books and papers throughout her life. "Primitive Government", first published in 1962, discusses political patronage in relation to state formation and is cited by over 160 academic works.
RAI.
Mair was throughout her working life closely involved with the Royal Anthropological Institute: after winning the RAI Wellcome medal in 1936 she was the Hon Secretary from 1974–8 and the Vice-President for the year 1978-9. After her death, the RAI instituted the Lucy Mair Medal for Applied Anthropology in 1997 to commemorate her.

</doc>
<doc id="19935311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935311" title="The No No's">
The No No's

The No No's were a punk/hard rock band based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The band consisted of singer Katie Kramarczuk (Sister K.T.K.), guitarist Ryan Luciano (Brother L.U.C.), bassist Matt von Ende (.matt), and Nats Babel (**NATS**) on drums.
History.
The No No's were formed in December 2007 by Babel, Kramarczuk, von Ende and Luciano.
During 2008 and 2009 the band toured extensively, sharing the stage with such notable acts as The Dollyrots, Honest John, in addition to being a featured artist on the 2008 Tromapalooza Festival hosted by Troma Films.
October 18, 2008 saw the release of The No No's debut album, 'Long Play Recording.' 'Long Play Recording,' produced by The No No's and co-produced by Devlin Andersen saw airplay in the US and Canada and received a favorable review in Minneapolis' City Pages.
After touring the West coast, The No No's broke up in November 2009.
Influences.
The No No's cite influence by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, AC/DC, and Mötley Crüe, and have been known to cover songs by Scandal (Goodbye to you) and L7 (Shitlist).

</doc>
<doc id="19935342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935342" title="Julio Cozzi">
Julio Cozzi

Julio Adolfo Cozzi (14 July 1922 – 25 September 2011) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who won the Copa América 1947 with the Argentina national team.
Cozzi started his career in 1941 with Club Atlético Platense, he played for the club until 1949 when he joined Millonarios of Colombia, where his team mates included Alfredo di Stéfano and Adolfo Pedernera. 
Cozzi returned to Platense in 1955, he went on to play for Independiente between 1956 and 1959 and then Banfield of the Argentine 2nd division.
On 25 September 2011, he suffered a heart attack and died at the Clinic Fundación Favaloro in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="19935346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935346" title="La Zarza, Badajoz">
La Zarza, Badajoz

La Zarza is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19935351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935351" title="Obi divination">
Obi divination

Obi divination is a system of divination used in the traditional Yoruba religion and its various New World lineages. Instead of the opele or the ikin, it uses kola nuts (or in the New World lineages, coconut).

</doc>
<doc id="19935355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935355" title="TV Koper-Capodistria">
TV Koper-Capodistria

TV Koper Capodistria is a bilingual, Slovene-Italian language television channel based in Koper, Slovenia. Mainly founded by state aids, the channel serves the Italian-speaking minority in Slovenia and Croatia. It can also be received in the Italian region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
History.
Popular shows.
The channel is notable by the first music video TV show, not only in the former Titoist Yugoslavia, but also in the neighboring Italy, featuring popular Western music videos during the 1980s with its host Dario Diviacchi enjoining a star status among his young TV audience. The show, first under the name "Alta Pressione" ("High Pressure") and later "Video Mix", was on air every Thurdsday evening. A phone-in format with the TV viewers choosing among the music videos to be aired on the show, was introduced later with host Alex Bini.
The music program made the channel popular in Italy, where the show was the third most viewed TV show in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19935364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935364" title="Federation of Norwegian Construction Industries">
Federation of Norwegian Construction Industries

The Federation of Norwegian Construction Industries () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Jon Sandnes. Chairman of the board is Jan Halstensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19935371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935371" title="Norwegian Electricity Industry Association">
Norwegian Electricity Industry Association

The Norwegian Electricity Industry Association () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Steinar Bysveen. Chairman of the board is Ola Mørkved Rinnan.

</doc>
<doc id="19935375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935375" title="Jack Payne (footballer)">
Jack Payne (footballer)

Jack Stephen Payne (born 5 December 1991) is an English footballer currently with Peterborough United of Football League One.
Career.
He made his debut for Gillingham in a League Two match against Chester City on 25 October 2008, and signed a 18-month contract some three months later. He plays as a midfielder. He was voted Young Player of the Year for Gillingham at the end of the 2008–09 season. Payne's form created interest from then Championship side Reading however no offer was ever lodged. Payne then signed a two-year extension to keep him at the club until 2015.
In January 2013, Payne signed on loan for Peterborough United until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move. Payne had been due to sign for the Posh in the summer of 2012, however the deal fell through. He eventually joined the club the following summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19935382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935382" title="BL 5.5 inch Mark I naval gun">
BL 5.5 inch Mark I naval gun

The Breech Loading 5.5 inch Mk I was a naval gun used by the British Royal Navy during both World Wars.
Naval history.
This weapon was developed by Coventry Ordnance Works in 1913 and offered to the Greek Navy as main armament for two new cruisers building at Cammell Laird. On the outbreak Of World War I the two ships were purchased by Britain as HMS "Chester" and HMS "Birkenhead". The RN was happy with the performance of the gun as it was significantly lighter than the standard 6 inch gun and fired an 82 lb shell rather than the 100 lb shell of the 6 inch weapon. It therefore had a higher rate of fire with little loss in hitting power. The British ordered more guns as secondary armament for HMS "Furious" and HMS "Hood". A total of 81 guns were made and were used on the following ships
Guns removed from "Chester", "Birkenhead" and "Furious" were used to arm Armed Merchant Cruisers
Coast defence gun.
In 1940, the 5.5 inch guns were removed from in a refit. Two were installed in Hood Battery on Ascension Island and remain there today. A pair were installed in specially built casemates on the roof of Coalhouse Fort in Essex, overlooking the Thames. Guns from the Hood also went to Bognor Regis, Pevensey, North Foreland, Dover and Folkestone.
Notable actions.
Boy Seaman First Class Jack Cornwell was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for heroism in serving his gun on HMS "Chester" during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19935399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935399" title="Quatre?">
Quatre?

Quatre? is a French comic book by Enki Bilal, and the fourth album of the tetralogy featuring Nike Hatzfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="19935403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935403" title="Marginal Tietê">
Marginal Tietê

Marginal Tietê (officially SP-015) is a section of this highway that runs through the city of São Paulo, Brazil. The name of this section comes from the fact that each way of the expressway runs near a different waterfront of the Tietê River. It is a very important road of São Paulo, connecting the East, North and West portions of the city, and linking the Lapa neighbourhood and the Penha neighbourhood. It provides access to the Castelo Branco highway, the Bandeirantes highway, the Anhangüera highway, the Presidente Dutra highway, the Fernão Dias highway, the Ayrton Senna highway and the São Paulo International Airport. The Campo de Marte Airport, the Estádio Parque São Jorge and the Estádio do Canindé are located near the freeway.
It is the site where IRL São Paulo Indy 300 race takes place.

</doc>
<doc id="19935411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935411" title="Trollhättan Water Tower">
Trollhättan Water Tower

The Trollhättan Water Tower is a landmark in central Trollhättan in Västergötland, Sweden. It is located next to Drottningtorget ("the Queen's Square") and University College West. The tower was built in 1909 by architect Erik Josephsson at the same year as Olidan Power Station. In 1992 it was converted to a tower of apartments. In total the tower consists of nine one or two storey apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="19935412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935412" title="Norwegian Seafood Federation">
Norwegian Seafood Federation

The Norwegian Seafood Federation (, FHL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Geir Andreassen. Chairman of the board is Ole-Eirik Lerøy.

</doc>
<doc id="19935424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935424" title="Kamøyvær">
Kamøyvær

Kamøyvær is a fishing village in Nordkapp, Finnmark. The town lies in Kamøyfjorden on the east side of Magerøya, around 10 km north-west of Honningsvåg, at the end of a cul-de-sac road, the Fv172, which, roughly a mile to the south-west of the village, branches off the main road to the North Cape. 
The village is sheltered from the open sea by the islands of Lille Kamøya and Store Kamøya, the water between the village and the latter being called the Østersundet. 
There are around 70 inhabitants. Although there are no ethnic distinctions today, the people of the village are descended from coastal Sami and Kven as well as Norwegians. In Summer 2012, it appeared that the labour force includes people from the Baltic states.
A small hotel/guesthouse called the "Arran", owned by a Sami family, occupies three blue-painted buildings in the centre of the village, one of them right on the waters of the harbour and the other two just across the road. The top floor of a house in the centre of the village contains an art gallery called the "Gallery East of the Sun" which displays and sells the work of a German-born artist, Eva Schmutterer, who lives in the village.
Hjalmarneset peninsula.
There is a small lighthouse, the Kamøyfjord light, on the hill on the Hjalmarneset peninsula at the north side of the village.
There is also a small cemetery on the western side of this peninsula.
Kuvika.
At Kuvika, a hamlet at the southern entrance to the village, there is a small fish processing plant on the side of the Risfjorden; this is supplied by the boats that use the harbour in the middle of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19935432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935432" title="Harriet Hardy">
Harriet Hardy

Harriet Hardy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19935442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935442" title="Frank B. Parker">
Frank B. Parker

Frank B. Parker is a fictional character in the television series "Seven Days", played by Jonathan LaPaglia. He is the lead chrononaut for the NSA's "Backstep" program. Before being recruited for Backstep, Parker served as a Lieutenant in the Navy SEAL Teams, though was at some point afterwards promoted to Captain, and an intelligence operative for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). He now lives in the NSA Backstep facility at Area 51 in Groom Dry Lake, Nevada, code-named "Never Never Land," or "NNL" for short.
Character history.
Francis "Frank" Bartholomew Parker was born in Pennsylvania, orphaned shortly after birth, and raised by nuns in a strict Catholic orphanage in Pittsburgh. Known as a rule breaker, Frank frequently found himself at odds with the Mother Superior of the orphanage. He was mentored by a Father who was a skilled boxer and taught Frank about direction in life. Little is known about his educational background, although it as assumed he graduated with some form of basic degree, as he was a commissioned officer in the Navy, and a four-year degree is a prerequisite for a commission.
At some point, Parker joined the Navy, serving in the Navy SEAL Teams, where he gained a reputation while going through training for not being a team player. While serving in Somalia, presumably during Operation Gothic Serpent of Black Hawk Down-fame, Parker was captured by Somali Militants and placed into a hot box. He was rescued by a team led by Craig Donovan, a friend and fellow SEAL who would later serve with Parker at the Backstep Program. Unfortunately the hot box experience scarred him mentally, leading to bouts of claustrophobia and flash-backs. Parker went on to work for the CIA's Special Activities Division, before suffering a mental breakdown while working an operation in Honduras, leading the government to deem him a threat to national security. He was subsequently locked away at the CIA's mental institution, Hanson Island, off the coast of North Carolina, where he was initially approached by the NSA to work for the Backstep Program. Inside the Backstep Program, Parker is known for drinking and excessive gambling. He also tends to frequently escape Ramsey's custody. Parker has been married twice. His first marriage, to Patricia, ended in divorce. They have a son, Jimmy, whom he does not see often. He also married Galina, Olga's doppelganger, who was pretending to be Dr. Vukavich.

</doc>
<doc id="19935443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935443" title="Norwegian Media Businesses' Association">
Norwegian Media Businesses' Association

The Norwegian Media Businesses' Association (, MBL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Arvid Sand. Chairman of the board is Ivar Rusdal.

</doc>
<doc id="19935488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935488" title="Kurt Trampedach">
Kurt Trampedach

Kurt Trampedach (May 13, 1943 – November 12, 2013) was a Danish painter and sculptor.
Trampedach studied at the Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1963 to 1969. He had his artistic breakthrough by the end of the sixties. He has often made distorted self-portraits and portraits of his own wife. Portraits of horses, and of larged headed babies were other favorite motifs. His dark style was particularly inspired by Rembrandt van Rijn. Painting was a way for him to work with his own psyche, with frequent bouts of depression and mania. In 1983 Trampedach's studio in Copenhagen was set on fire destroying many paintings. In 1984 he received the Eckersberg Medal.
With his wife he moved to Sare in the French Pyrenees where he lived in a house built by himself, raising animals and painting.
In April 2002 his house and studio in France was burned down while he was in Denmark preparing an exhibition. And within a month his studio in Copenhagen was set on fire, destroying 7 large paintings. Trampedach himself barely escaped the flames. Trampedach claimed that the fire in Copenhagen had been an attempt at his life by jealous colleagues. Some people claimed that he had started the fire himself, but in 2005 a French-Moroccan was sentenced for the crime in France, although the Copenhagen fires continue unresolved. After the fires he was struck by a severe depression and did not paint for the last years of his life.
Kurt Trampedach died at his home in Southern France on 12 November 2013 at the age of seventy.
Museums.
Trampedach’s art is represented at the following Danish museums:

</doc>
<doc id="19935495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935495" title="Zane Donovan">
Zane Donovan

Zane Donovan is a character on the science-fiction comedy-drama series, "Eureka". Prior to his arrival in Eureka, Zane is a computer hacker and a small-time criminal. He is played by Niall Matter.
Zane first appears in the second season episode, "E=MC...?" He is arrested for crashing the New York Stock Exchange, but rather than sending him to jail, the authorities decide that he would be useful to the town of Eureka. Upon his arrival, he helps avert a disaster brought on by an out-of-control experiment to recreate the Big Bang. Although he's tried more to behave himself, he is still constantly getting into trouble.
Relationship with Jo Lupo.
Upon his initial arrival to Eureka, Jo Lupo and Zane have chemistry. They hit some rough patches early on when he says something that makes her feel dumb because she's not a scientist like most Eureka residents and he's less than understanding about her belief in God. The pair work past these issues and are in an unsteady, yet budding relationship.
However, in Episode 1 of Season 4, Zane works up the courage to ask Jo to marry him, only to be left hanging when Jo is unable to give him an answer. Jo is then whisked away to the past with a few other characters. At the end of the episode, when Jo returns from the past, she heads to the jail only to find Zane sitting on the bunk behind bars. Trying to finally tell him she will marry him, she is shocked to find that in this alternate time, she and Zane are not an item; and Zane is currently a mischievous troublemaker whose antics constantly cause him to end up in Carter's jail. The audience and Jo later learn that in the new timeline, Zane is dating Sheriff Carter's daughter, Zoe. While in the episode "The Ex-Files" the audience is shown that he is dating Zoe just to annoy Carter, and then led to believe that he's actually interested in Jo, it later becomes apparent that this was said by Jo's hallucination of the Zane she knew in the other timeline and not the real Zane. When Jo gives him back the engagement ring she got from him before the alternate timeline, Zane's response is, "Why do you have my grandmother's ring?", making Jo realize she wasn't talking to the hallucination like she thought she was. At the end of the mid season premiere Zane puts the pieces together and realized something is going on. He then confronts Jo and asks what they were to each other before and she replies nothing. He is not convinced and kisses her, saying it didn't seem like a first kiss. Then Zoe walks in and invites Jo to celebrate with her and Zane. Jo refuses and leaves.
In the premiere of the second half of Season 4, Zane and Fargo get launched into space accidentally and Zane asks Fargo to tell him what's going on with Lupo, realizing that they once meant something to each other but he doesn't remember it but she does but she won't tell him. In the episode "Reprise," Fargo and Zane both later imply to Jo that Zane is now aware of the alternate timeline. Now knowing the truth, Zane is persistent in wanting to know what he and Jo were to each other, but she continually refuses because she is trying to let the relationship go. Zane argues that if they meant something to each other before, maybe they're still meant to be together on this timeline and they kiss. In the episode "Glimpse", Jack and Allison discover that Jo and Zane are sleeping together. Jack later finds out from Jo that this has been going on for "five or six weeks", although she says she is putting an end to it.

</doc>
<doc id="19935507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935507" title="Aaron Idol">
Aaron Idol

Aaron Idol is a Canadian professional wrestler who is best known for his work in , where he rose to become the ECCW Heavyweight Champion.
Career.
Training.
Idol trained at the ECCW training facility House of Pain. He was trained by current ECCW roster mate and star Chance Beckett. He would then make his debut on March 18, 2001 against Gorilla Magilla.
2005 Pacific Cup.
Idol competed in the 2005 Pacific Cup. He would defeat Memphis Raines in the first round of the tournament. He would go onto defeat J.J. Perez in the semi-finals. Idol would emerge in victorious in the finals on day two of the 2005 Pacific Cup, which was held on April 23, 2005. He would defeated Puma and "The American Dragon" Bryan Danielson in a triple threat match that lasted 30 minutes. After the match, Danielson proceeded to smash the Pacific Cup and claimed that ECCW was inferior to New Japan Pro Wrestling. Puma and Danielson than proceeded to beat down Idol. ECCW promoter Dave Republic than issued a challenge and gave Antonio Inoki 30 days to respond. Inoki did not respond and the challenge was dropped as a result.
NWA Pacific Northwest Junior Heavyweight Championship.
Winning the 2005 Pacific Cup, it took his career to next level. On June 24, 2005 Idol would challenge for the NWA Pacific Northwest Junior Heavyweight Championship. He would go on to defeat Memphis Raines and former trainer Chance Beckett in a Triple Threat Match to become the new champion.
NWA Canadian Junior Heavyweight Championship.
He would than challenge Scotty Mac for the NWA Canadian Junior Heavyweight Championship on October 21, 2005. He would be successful in defeating then champion Scotty Mac in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia. On March 11, 2006 Idol would vacate the title to concentrate on the ECCW Heavyweight Championship.
ECCW Heavyweight Championship.
Idol would challenge for the ECCW Heavyweight Champion on many occasions, but was unsuccessful. He would than finally get the win he was looking for. He would defeat Randy Tyler in a Steel Cage Match on June 22, 2007 in Surrey, British Columbia. Idol would than be forced to forfeit the ECCW Heavyweight Championship to Scotty Mac on December 28, 2007 due to a shoulder injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19935513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935513" title="List of Italian football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Italian football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Italian football transfers for the January sale in 2008-09 season. Only moves from Serie A and Serie B are listed.
The winter transfer window will open for 4 weeks, from 7 January. The window will close at midnight on 2 February. Players without a club may join one, either during or in between transfer windows.
Foreign player aged 18th, or 16th from EU could be registered.

</doc>
<doc id="19935517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935517" title="Mindful economics">
Mindful economics

Mindful economics is an approach to economic theory and practice that is dedicated to institutional reform based on the core values of environmental sustainability, social justice, and stability. The approach was founded by economist, Joel Magnuson, who is most known for his book, "Mindful Economics: How the U.S. Economy Works, Why It Matters, and How It Could Be Different", NY: Seven Stories Press, 2008. 
The central premise of mindful economics is that the dominant institutions in America have created destructive social and environmental conditions, and changing these conditions requires a deep exploration and development of alternative institutions. Mindful economics is based on empirical evidence of the destructive conditions that can be found in a number of areas such as widespread environmental destruction, resource depletion, and global warming; the vast inequality of wealth and income distribution; and the banking crisis of 2008. 
It is also based on empirical evidence of how people have confronted and can confront these problems directly by fostering change through the development of non-capitalist institutions. Examples of such institutions would be locally based community cooperatives, small businesses, and public institutions that are all structured around the same core values.

</doc>
<doc id="19935521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935521" title="Norwegian Motor Trade Association">
Norwegian Motor Trade Association

The Norwegian Motor Trade Association (, NBF) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It traces its roots back to 1928.
The current CEO is Syver Leivestad. Chairman of the board is Tormod Harila.

</doc>
<doc id="19935524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935524" title="Mourne (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
Mourne (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

Mourne was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
Mourne was a county constituency comprising part of southern County Down, including the Mountains of Mourne. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. Mourne was created by the division of Down into eight new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged, returning one Member of Parliament until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat was made up from parts of the rural districts of Banbridge, Downpatrick, Kilkeel and Newry No. 1, with the town of Newcastle.
Politics.
The seat had a small nationalist majority, with Nationalist Party candidates defeating unionists at every election, excepting 1938, when no nationalist stood.
Election results.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1938, Unionist George Panter was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="19935539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935539" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
24 crews entered in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
The top four crews in each of the two repechages and the fastest fifth-place finsher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final. 
Final.
The final was held on August 3.
Germany led the first half of the race, but could not match the finishing power of the Italians. Scarpa, competing in his fourth Olympics, won a silver in the men's K-2 500 m event the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="19935541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935541" title="She Wouldn't Be Gone">
She Wouldn't Be Gone

"She Wouldn't Be Gone" is a song written by Jennifer Adan and Corey Batten, and recorded by American country music singer Blake Shelton. It was released in August 2008 as the first single from his fifth studio album "Startin' Fires", which was released on November 18, 2008. The song became his fifth Number One song on the Hot Country Songs chart for the weeks of February 7–14, 2009.
Content.
"She Wouldn't Be Gone" is a mid-tempo in which the male narrator reflects on his relationship and a lover who has just left him. He expresses regret over having not attempted to keep her from leaving, saying that if he had tried to keep her (by bringing her flowers, watching sunsets with her, and paying attention to her needs), "maybe she wouldn't be gone".
Cory Batten, one of the writers of the song, came up with the opening stanza (""Red roadside wildflower, if I had only picked you / Took you home and set you on the counter / Oh, at least a time or two / Maybe she'd have thought it through"") after seeing a patch of red wildflowers outside his window. Adan said that she wanted the song's narrator to have a "feeling of desperation" by realizing after the fact what he should have done to keep his lover from leaving. When he recorded the song, Shelton said that he had "been able to dump more emotion into that vocal" than any of his previous material.
Critical reception.
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site The 9513. Reviewer Brady Vercher states that "Shelton's phrasing and breathing are awkward enough to not make the song easily memorable or singable, decreasing its chances at chart success." Allmusic critic Steve Leggett considered it the strongest track on "Startin' Fires", saying that it was "a brilliant portrayal of a man who finally finds his passion and love for a woman when it's way too late and she's already gone, and the chorus swells to passionate, almost white-knuckle perfection. It's a great song and Shelton gives it everything."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Scott Speer and premiered in late 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19935550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935550" title="Federation of Norwegian Food and Drink Industry">
Federation of Norwegian Food and Drink Industry

The Federation of Norwegian Food and Drink Industry () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Knut Maroni. Chairman of the board is Håkon Mageli.

</doc>
<doc id="19935556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935556" title="John Tosh">
John Tosh

John A. Tosh is a British historian and Professor of History at Roehampton University. He gained his BA at the University of Oxford and his MA at the University of Cambridge. Tosh was awarded his PhD by the University of London in 1973; his thesis topic being "Political authority among the Langi of northern Uganda, circa 1800-1939 ". He is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. In 1987-88 he held a visiting appointment at the University of California, Davis. At Roehampton University he teaches History, specifically "Reading and Writing History." He was appointed Vice-President of the Royal Historical Society from 1999 - 2002. He has also published several works on the history of masculinity in nineteenth-century Britain. He is currently preparing a critical analysis of the social applications of historical perspective in contemporary Britain.
Tosh's claim to originality and notability rests largely on his work as a historian and historiographer. He has taken a leading role as a public historian over the past fifteen years or so in developing the history of masculinity and ensuring it has become an important dimension of social and cultural history. He has shown how domesticity, previously regarded as an aspect of women's history, also conditioned and influenced the lives of men and society. As an historiographer he has updated the way we look at the study of history and how we construct our knowledge of the past, as well as providing insight into the works of other historians and their impact on the study of the subject.
He is the father of philosopher Nick Tosh.

</doc>
<doc id="19935558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935558" title="John Higgins (footballer born 1932)">
John Higgins (footballer born 1932)

John Higgins (1932 – 22 April 2005) was an English professional footballer mainly playing in central defence. Higgins was raised in Buxton, Derbyshire and played for Bolton Wanderers between 1952 and 1961. He played in Bolton's 2–0 1958 FA Cup Final against Manchester United. In 1961, he joineed Wigan Athletic, and went on to play 77 Cheshire League games in two seasons at the club.
He is the father of former Everton, Manchester United and Bury defender Mark Higgins.

</doc>
<doc id="19935569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935569" title="Peter Wilson (bishop)">
Peter Wilson (bishop)

Piers Holt Wilson (known as Peter; 1883–3 February 1956) was an Anglican bishop in the mid part of the 20th century. 
Wilson was educated at Sherborne School and Oriel College, Oxford. After a period of study at Wells Theological College, he was ordained in 1910. He became the rector of All Saint’s St Andrews and then Dean of the Diocese of Saint Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane before being appointed Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19935576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935576" title="Želite li da postanete milioner?">
Želite li da postanete milioner?

Želite li da postanete milioner? (, ) is a Serbian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show is hosted by Ivan Zeljković. The main goal of the game is to win 5 million Serbian dinars (earlier - 3 million dinars) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are four "lifelines" - fifty fifty ("pola-pola"), phone a friend ("pozovi prijatelja"), ask the audience ("pitajte publiku") and switch the question ("zamena pitanja", since 2007, this lifeline is unlocked when player wins 5,000 dinars). Since 2010 when show move to Prva Srpska Televizija fourth lifeline switch the question ("zamena pitanja") was replace to аsk оne of the аudience ("glas naroda", there contestant ask 3 people from audience for answer; this lifeline is unlocked when player wins 5,000 dinars). "Želite li da postanete milioner?" is broadcast from 2002 to today. From 2002 to 2006 it was shown on RTV BK Telecom, from 2007 to 2009 on B92, and currently since 2010 on Prva Srpska Televizija. From 2001 to 2006 the biggest prize was 3 million dinars, but since 2007 it is 5 million. When a contestant gets the fifth question correct, he leaves with at least 5,000 dinars (earlier 3,000). When a contestant gets the tenth question correct, he leaves with at least 150,000 dinars (earlier 96,000). The biggest prize ever won on this show (2,500,000 dinars) was won by Agošton Legvari from Bačko Gradište and Saša Tomić from Požarevac.
The game's prizes.
In second version of "Želite li da postanete milioner?" (today series), there are fifteen questions and there are these prizes for questions:
In first version of "Želite li da postanete milioner?", there were fifteen questions and there were these prizes for questions:

</doc>
<doc id="19935601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935601" title="John B. Pierce">
John B. Pierce

John Bartlett Pierce (June 2, 1844 – June 23, 1917) was an American industrialist who founded the American Radiator Company, a forerunner of American Standard.
Pierce was born June 2, 1844, in Embden, Maine. His first business enterprise was a store in Buffalo, New York. Recognizing the potential of steam/boiler heat in the northern United States, he established the Pierce Steam Heating Company, which manufactured and sold steel boilers and cast iron radiators. In 1892 he merged independent manufacturers to form the American Radiator Company, of which he was vice president. In 1929 the company merged with the Standard Sanitary Company to become American Standard, Inc. 
Pierce was married twice, but died childless on June 23, 1917. His will left company stock, valued at more than $1 million, to more than 400 friends and employees, and designated additional funds to endow a private foundation. The John B. Pierce Foundation was established in 1924 to promote research, educational, technical or scientific work in the general field of heating, ventilation and sanitation.

</doc>
<doc id="19935605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935605" title="You Are My Sunshine (disambiguation)">
You Are My Sunshine (disambiguation)

"You Are My Sunshine" is a popular song. 
You Are My Sunshine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19935610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935610" title="Midshipman (horse)">
Midshipman (horse)

Midshipman (foaled March 26, 2006, in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Owned by Stonerside Stable and trained by Hall of Famer Bob Baffert, as a two year old Midshipman won 3 of 4 starts, including the Breeders' Cup Juvenile and Del Mar Futurity.
Two weeks before his run in the Breeders' Cup, Midshipman was sold to Darley Stable and as part of the sales agreement was transferred to trainer Saeed bin Suroor after the race.
The colt was a leading contender for the 2009 Triple Crown but fell off due to a 'soft tissue injury.'
Midshipman made his 3 year old debut in an allowance optional claiming race on Sept 18 at Belmont Park, which marked his first start on traditional dirt. He won by 3 lengths over co-favorite Just Ben.
Midshipman also ran in 2009's Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile, where he finished 3rd to the longest shot in the race, Farthest Land.

</doc>
<doc id="19935612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935612" title="Edith M. Thomas">
Edith M. Thomas

Edith Matilda Thomas (August 12, 1854 – September 13, 1925) was an American poet who "was one of the first poets to capture successfully the excitement of the modern city."
Life.
Born in Chatham Center, Ohio, Edith Thomas was educated at the normal school of Geneva, Ohio, and attended Oberlin College (though she had to drop out). She taught school for two years, and then became a typesetter.
She began writing early for the local newspapers, then was encouraged by author Helen Hunt Jackson to send verse to more important periodicals. She "gained national attention with her poetry... "Scribner's", "The Atlantic Monthly", "The Century" and other prominent magazines published her poems." Jackson's "enthusiasitic endorsement produced almost immediate literary celebrity."
In 1884, Canadian poet Charles G.D. Roberts wrote of her that "as far as I am aware her poems are not yet gathered in book form, and are therefore only to be obtained, few in number, by gleaning from the magazines and periodicals. Yet so red-blooded are these verses, of thought and of imagination all compact, so richly individual and so liberal in promise, that the name of their author is already become conspicuous... We are justified in expecting much from her genius."
Her first volume appeared in 1885 entitled "A New Year's Masque and Other Poems".
In 1887 she moved to New York City, where she worked for "Harper's" and "Century Dictionary". She lived in New York for the rest of her life. She published over 300 poems between 1890 and 1909, although "the demands of the leading literary magazines constantly exceeded her supply."
On her death she was called "one of the most distinguished American poets” by the "New York Times".
Her "Selected Poems" came out in 1926, a year after her death.
Writing.
Canadian poet Sir Charles G.D. Roberts wrote that "Miss Thomas’s work, in some of its best characteristics, recalls to me Shakespeare’s sonnets."
In "Modern American Poetry," Louis Untermeyer called her "the author of some dozen books of verse, most of them lightly lyrical in mood, although a few of her poems have a more dramatic quality. The best of her work may be found in "Lyrics and Sonnets" (1887), "The Inverted Touch" (1890), and "The Flower from the Ashes" (1915).
Thomas acknowledged Helen Hunt Jackson as a major influence on her work.
The biographical dictionary "Notable American Women" says that "she drew her principal literary inspiration from the lyrics of John Keats. She was a classic poet in her prosodic regularity and in her continuing attention to Greek subjects. She was romantic in her emphasis on the self, although an aura of sentiment and pathos kept her from developing a constructive romantic position... She was one of the first poets to capture successfully the excitement ("the "ardent bulbs"") of the modern city, and one of the most consistent in crying out against the inroads of the dollar sign on American culture."
References.
For an essay on Thomas by Kevin De Ornellas see "Early American Nature Writers: A Biographical Encyclopedia" by Daniel Patterson (Editor), Greenwood Press (2007), ISBN 0-313-34680-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19935614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935614" title="Norwegian Oil Industry Association">
Norwegian Oil Industry Association

The Norwegian Oil Industry Association (, OLF) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current director-general is Gro Brækken. Chairman of the board is Steinar Våge.

</doc>
<doc id="19935617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935617" title="An Chuallacht, UCC">
An Chuallacht, UCC

An Chuallacht (, meaning "The fellowship") is the Irish language and culture Society of University College Cork. Founded in 1912, An Chuallacht is one of the largest societies in UCC and one of the largest Irish language societies in the country.
The society’s main aim is the promotion of the Irish language on campus and around Cork. An Chuallacht meets twice weekly in the Seomra Caidrimh of the O'Rahilly Building on campus, to encourage the speaking of Irish amongst the student body. An Chuallacht also organises nights out every month to encourage the student body to socialise, outside off campus, through the medium of Irish. During the year, the society organises mystery tours, takes weekend trips to the Gaeltacht, takes part in Seachtain na Gaeilge and publishes the Chuallacht magazine, ‘Craic’.
One of the most important events in the An Chuallacht calendar is Spraoi Cois Laoi, an annual festival held in the final week of November. Amongst the events organised during Spraoi Cois Laoi are competitions, debates, parades, games and the Irish Ball, ‘An Bál Gaelach’, with special guests including Des Bishop, Seán Óg Ó hAilpín, Sinéad Ní Loidéain, Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh, and most recently Seán Bán Breathnach being in attendance.
An Chuallacht was awarded the Glór na nGael Irish Society of the Year Award in 2009, and again in 2010 and Best Cross Border Society in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19935630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935630" title="Somebody Loan Me a Dime">
Somebody Loan Me a Dime

Somebody Loan Me a Dime is a 1974 studio album by blues singer and guitarist Fenton Robinson, his debut under the Alligator Records imprint. Blending together some elements of jazz with Chicago blues and Texas blues, the album was largely critically well received and is regarded as important within his discography. Among the album's tracks is a re-recording of his 1967 signature song, "Somebody Loan Me a Dime", which has become a blues standard. It has been reissued multiple times in the United States and Japan, including with bonus tracks.
Critical reception.
The album overall received good reception by critics and is described by the 1993 "The Big Book of Blues" as "essential listening." Allmusic in its review characterized the album as "one of the most subtly satisfying electric blues albums of the '70s". New York based WGMC blue radio host Jeff Harris describes the album as "one of the era’s true masterpieces", Robinson's "pinnacle". Critic Robert Christgau offers some dissent; though he graded the album a B+ overall, indicated that Robinson's voice (though well utilized) lacked power, his songs lacked hooks (aside from "Gotta Wake Up") and his music was "stylish and thoughtful" but restrained. Allmusic's Bill Dahl, by contrast, praised Robinson for the power of several composition and focused particularly on his voice, a "deep, rich baritone sounds more like a magic carpet than a piece of barbed wire," indicating that Robinson "speaks in jazz-inflected tongues, full of complex surprises." Harris, too, pays particular attention to Robinson's voice, which he describes as "a thing of beauty, a deep, rich baritone that glides along and is a perfect counterpoint to his elegant guitar work."
Music.
Among the more notable tracks on the album was a new recording of the title song, which Robinson had originally released in 1967 for the Palos label (and which had become a hit for Boz Scaggs in 1969, under the title "Loan Me a Dime" without composition credit for Robinson). The song is regarded as Robinson's signature piece and went on to become a blues standard, according to 1997's "Encyclopedia of Blues" being "part of the repertoire of one out of every two blues artists." The title song serves as the background music during the opening scenes of the movie "The Blues Brothers", a movie responsible for revitalizing Aretha Franklin's career.
Jeff Harris identifies as among Robinson's influences on the album B.B. King and T-Bone Walker, "but with a strong jazzy inflection and plenty of grit". All About Jazz, concurring with those influences, places the musician on "the smoother side" of the genre of Chicago blues with some elements of Texas blues.
Release history.
The album was Robinson's debut for the Alligator Records label, the first of three for the label. (For his second, "I Hear Some Blues Downstairs", Robinson would be nominated for a Grammy Award.) Prior to his contract with Alligator, Robinson had encountered difficulties finding a studio home for his music. The album has been subsequently reissued a number of times by Alligator in the United States and internationally by Japanese labels Pony Canyon and P-Vine. The 2001 P-Vine re-issue includes two bonus tracks: "I Hear Some Blues Downstairs" (4:16) and "As the Years Go Passing By" (4:49).
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all tracks composed by Fenton Robinson"

</doc>
<doc id="19935639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935639" title="Skogbrukets Landsforening">
Skogbrukets Landsforening

The Skogbrukets Landsforening (, SL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 1928 under the name "Skogbrukets Arbeidsgiverforening".
The current Director General is Haavard Elstrand. Chairman of the board is Gudbrand Kvaal.

</doc>
<doc id="19935656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935656" title="Switch (2007 film)">
Switch (2007 film)

Switch is a Norwegian snowboard movie from 2007. The Main actors are Sebastian Stigar, Ida Elise Broch, Peter Stormare and Hilde Lyrån. The movie was nominated to an Amanda for the best youth movie, but ended up at second place, beaten by Mannen som elsket Yngve (The man who loved Yngve).

</doc>
<doc id="19935667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935667" title="Katian">
Katian

The Katian is the second stage of the Upper Ordovician. It is preceded by the Sandbian and succeeded by the Hirnantian stage. The Katian began million years ago and lasted for about 7.8 million years until the beginning of the Hirnantian million years ago.
Naming.
The name Katian is derived from Katy Lake (Oklahoma, USA).
GSSP.
The GSSP of the Katian stage is the Black Knob Ridge Section in southeastern Oklahoma (USA). It is an outcrop of the Womble Shale and the Bigfork Chert, the latter containing the lower boundary of the Katian. The lower boundary is defined as the first appearance datum of the graptolite species "Diplacanthograptus caudatus". This horizon is 4.0 m above the base of the Bigfork Chert.

</doc>
<doc id="19935669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935669" title="Federation of Norwegian Transport Companies">
Federation of Norwegian Transport Companies

The Federation of Norwegian Transport Companies (, TL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. It is also a member of the International Association of Public Transport and the International Road Transport Union.
It was established in 1929 under the name "Norges Rutebileieres Forbund".
The current Director General is Christian Aubert. Chairman of the board is Harald Vålandsmyr.

</doc>
<doc id="19935696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935696" title="Sandbian">
Sandbian

The Sandbian is the first stage of the Upper Ordovician. It follows the Darriwilian and is succeeded by the Katian. Its lower boundary is defined as the first appearance datum of the graptolite species "Nemagraptus gracilis" around million years ago. The Sandbian lasted for about 5.4 million years until the beginning of the Katian around million years ago.
Naming.
The name Sandbian is derived from the village Södra Sandby (Lund Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden). The name was proposed in 2006.
GSSP.
The GSSP of the Sandbian is the Fågelsång section () at Sularp Brook, east of Lund (Skåne, Sweden). It is an outcrop of shale and mudstone. The lower boundary of the Sandbian is defined as the first appearance datum of graptolite species" Nemagraptus gracilis" in that section.

</doc>
<doc id="19935710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935710" title="Dapingian">
Dapingian

The Dapingian is the third stage of the Ordovician and the first stage of the Middle Ordovician. It is preceded by the Floian and succeeded by the Darriwilian. The base of the Floian is defined as the first appearance of the conodont species "Baltoniodus triangularis" which happened about million years ago. The Dapingian lasted for about 2.7 million years until about million years ago.
Naming.
The Dapingian is named after a village that lies nearby the Dapingian GSSP (Huanghuachang section, in Huanghuachang) where there is also an outcrop of similar rocks, the "Chenjiahe section" (formerly "Daping section") in Chenjiahe. The name was proposed in 2005.
GSSP.
The GSSP of the Dapingian is the Huanghuachang section (), in Huanghuachang, Yichang, China. It is an outcrop of the Dawan Formation. The lower boundary is defined as the first appearance of the conodont species "Baltoniodus triangularis" in the type section. Radiometric dating has constrained the Floian-Dapingian boundary at million years ago. The exact boundary lies 10.57 m above the base of Dawan Formation.
Regional stages.
The Dapingian overlaps with the Arenig, a geologic stage used in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19935712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935712" title="Norwegian Hospitality Association">
Norwegian Hospitality Association

The Norwegian Hospitality Association () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Kristin Krohn Devold. Chairman of the board is Ole Warberg.
The Norwegian Hospitality Assocication is a member organization consisting of hotels and other accommodation, restaurants, catering and other food service businesses. Members also include campsites, family amusement parks, alpine facilities and other attractions. Member businesses make their living offering experiences ranging from lodging to rafting: in short, anything in the area of tourism.
The Norwegian Hospitality Association has 2500 member businesses with a total of 55.000 employees and annual turnover nearing NOK 30 billion. The organization covers the entire country, has seven district offices and is one of the three largest national associations in the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise (NHO). The affiliation with the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise enables the Norwegian Hospitality Assocication to benefit from the organization’s extensive resources. The Norwegian Hospitality Association desires to participate actively in the shaping of Norwegian industrial policy and seeks to influence decisions that public bodies take nationally or locally. Its overarching aim is to create enhanced profitability for its member businesses.
The Norwegian Hospitality Assocication is a formidable party to wage negotiations, at the same time as it has extensive expertise in wage and employer issues. Member businesses also have the advantage of such services as the Norwegian Hospitality Assocication`s Service Office. Co-operation agreements for purchasing from a number of major suppliers to the industry make considerable savings for member businesses.
In 2005 hospitality businesses contribute NOK 80 billion to GNP. Lodging and food service comprise 10,759 businesses that have NOK 52 billion in sales and employ 88 975 persons. This constitutes 4,1 percent of the total employment in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19935718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935718" title="Banco del Cafe">
Banco del Cafe

Banco del Cafe, commonly known as Bancafe, is a bank that collapsed because of bad loans and panicked withdrawals set off by an investigation by Nicaragua's Superintendencia de Bancos, which eventually bought the bank.[http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-28709612_ITM]

</doc>
<doc id="19935733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935733" title="Rodovia Régis Bittencourt">
Rodovia Régis Bittencourt

Rodovia Régis Bittencourt (official designation SP-230) is a section of the BR-116 that connects the cities of São Paulo and Curitiba, Brazil. It is considered one of the most dangerous highways of Brazil, due to the high number of accidents. Sometimes it is even nicknamed "Rodovia da Morte" ("Death Highway"). It also leads the number of ambiental accidents in the state of São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="19935743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935743" title="Abelia (organization)">
Abelia (organization)

Abelia is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 2001, and has 680 member companies. The current managing director is Paul Chaffey. Chairman of the board is Terje Wold.

</doc>
<doc id="19935759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935759" title="Jorge Jurado">
Jorge Jurado

Jorge Jurado García (born September 22, 1993, in Madrid, Spain) is Spanish actor, who is well-known of his portrayals in television series "Los Serrano" and 2007 film "".
Career.
Jurado's career started in 2003, when he was aged 10. He got the role of Francisco "Curro" Serrano in television sictom "Los Serrano", that aired from 2003 to 2008.
In 2007, he portrayed Enrique in film "", alongside famous football players of (mostly from Real Madrid) such as David Beckham, Iker Casillas, Ronaldo, Zinédine Zidane, Cesc Fàbregas, Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o, Sergio Ramos, Robinho, Roberto Carlos and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19935761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935761" title="End-Year Chart 2006 (Romania)">
End-Year Chart 2006 (Romania)

This is a list of Romanian Top 100's 2006 year-end chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19935766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935766" title="The Clique (1960s UK band)">
The Clique (1960s UK band)

The Clique was a band of musicians formed in England.
It was formed in 1963 by John Rowe (lead guitar), Peter Westgarth (vocals), Trevor Roberts (drums) and Adrian Stambach (bass). Joined shortly after by John Kitchin (rhythm guitar). They made two records for the UK Pye label in 1965: "She Ain't No Good" / "Time, Time Time" and "We Didn't Kiss, Didn't Love, But Now We Do Do" / You've Been Unfair". The first disc, which was also issued in the USA on ABC Paramount, was covered by The Knack at that time. Both discs have become collectors' items and the originals fetch a high price. The group disbanded towards the end of 1965.
In 1964 Trevor Roberts left the Clique and was replaced by drummer Brian Morris who was formerly with the Harlesden nw10 based band The Daytones.

</doc>
<doc id="19935773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935773" title="Norwegian Federation of Craft Enterprises">
Norwegian Federation of Craft Enterprises

The Norwegian Federation of Craft Enterprises () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 1993 under the name "Håndverksbedriftenes Landsforening" (HBL).
The current Director is Merethe Sunde. Chairman of the board is Vibeke Giske.

</doc>
<doc id="19935786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935786" title="Papyrus 43">
Papyrus 43

Papyrus 43 (Gregory-Aland), signed by formula_143, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation, it contains Rev 2:12-13; 15:8-16:2. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 6th or 7th century. 
Description.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II because of its date. 
It is currently housed at the British Library (Inv. 2241) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19935788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935788" title="Peter Seeberg">
Peter Seeberg

Peter Seeberg (1925 – 1999) was a Danish modernist novelist and playwright, inspired by the French existentialists. He made his literary debut in 1956 with the novel "Bipersonerne".
Peter Seeberg graduated from Haderlev Cathedral school in 1943 and pursued an education as an arkeologist. Together with his authorship was he a museum custodian in Viborg. After his graduation from Haderlev, Seeberg traveled to Berlin and produced nazistic propaganda for the UFA company. He however cannot be called a racist. Seeberg graduated with a Magister Artium (The Artists Teacher) in 1951 from University of Copenhagen, with a concentration on Friedrich Nietzsche. Seeberg's own life mirrored Nietzsche's life; they both had distant mothers and both their fathers died early. Seeberg's own father was also an author and was a missionary priest. Seeberg's entire family was Christian and according to Seeberg's own journal, was centered on a jealous and vengeful God.
He was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1983 for the short story collection "Om fjorten dage" ("In Fourteen Days").

</doc>
<doc id="19935790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935790" title="Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping">
Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping

The Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping (, RLF) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current Director is Harald Thomassen. Chairman of the board is Geir E. Aga.
The Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping is both an employers federation and an industrial association. The federation which is an organization within NHO (The Confederation of Norwegian Business and Industry), is representing more than 50 shipping companies with a total of 5.500 employed seamen on board approximately 400 ships in coastal trade. 
The members of the federation cover a broad range of business as e.g. car ferries, fast passenger crafts, coastal express steamers, tugs, cargo ships, tankers, reefers, cable ships and rescue boats. 

</doc>
<doc id="19935794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935794" title="1025 rally to safeguard Taiwan">
1025 rally to safeguard Taiwan

The 1025 demonstration() was a demonstration on October 25, 2008 sponsored by the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) and Taiwan Solidarity Union in Taipei, Taiwan. This protest march was launched five months after Ma's inauguration and was preceded by an earlier August 30, 2008 protest in August which focused on Ma's failing economic plans.
The protesters marched against the protester's perceived pro-China policies of the Ma administration. An estimated half a million people were reported to have participated in the march. It was planned by the DPP in response to the Chinese tainted milk powder scandal and Taiwan's perceived growing ties with the People's Republic of China (PRC).
Background.
Cross-strait relations.
The People's Republic of China claims that self-ruled Taiwan is its 23rd province. The PRC has threatened the use of force if Taiwan declares "de jure" independence from China.
Zhang Mingqing, the deputy chairman of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Strait, arrived in Taiwan about a week before the protest. When asked by reporters to comment on President Ma's remarks that there will be no war across the Taiwan Strait in the next four years, Zhang expressed that there will never be war in the Strait if there is no Taiwan independence.
During a private visit to the Taiwan Confucian Temple in Tainan, Zhang fell to the ground as he encounters a small number of protesters led by the DPP's Tainan City legislator Wang Ting-yu. It was not clear whether he tripped or was pushed down, but Zhang was hurt. The car that Zhang was in was attacked and damaged when a protester jumped on the top of the car. Later, Zhang remarked, "Those who commit violence do not get what they want, but instead drop a rock on their own feet." as well as "A handful of compatriots in Tainan were involved in the violence (against me). They do not reflect the true feelings of the vast majority of compatriots in Tainan, nor the 23 million people of Taiwan."
DPP's Kaohsiung mayor Chen Chu said that any use of violence is not acceptable by the Taiwanese society and this includes the PRC's threat of force on Taiwan. She demanded President Ma to condemn the PRC's threat of force on Taiwan. She said that the export of toxic food and the thousands of missiles aimed at Taiwan are also forms of violence.
Tainted products.
The safety of Chinese food products has become a major issue in Taiwan. The Ma administration's policy of normalising cross-strait relations has been perceived by the pro-independence supporters as forming closer ties with the PRC. The milk scandal became not only a public health issue, but a political one as well. The government's ability to address the issue was questioned by the general public and the media. The Department of Health was heavily criticized by the Consumers' Foundation and investigated by the Control Yuan.
Other than condemning the PRC, DPP demanded that President Ma should request compensation from the PRC. DPP chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen also criticized the government for being "weak" toward the PRC. Some Kuomintang legislators, on the other hand, criticized the PRC government for notifying Taiwan late after the news had already been reported by Taiwanese media.
Organization.
Parade routes.
The planned starting point of the first route "Oppose Toxic Goods" was the Dinghao Plaza. Some of the politicians who took this route were former President Chen Shui-bian, former president of the World United Formosans for Independence Peng Ming-min and current president Ng Chiau-tung, and former foreign minister Chen Tang-shan.
The participants of the "Oppose One China Education" route started out in front of the main gate of the National Taiwan University. Protesters are mostly students who resisted the government's policy to recognize mainland Chinese academic qualifications. Leaders of this group include DPP chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen, former Kaohsiung mayor Yeh Chu-lan, current mayor Chen Chu, and Kaohsiung County magistrate Yang Chiu-hsing.
The third route was organized by the TSU. Protesters marched from the Longshan Temple. The TSU convened about 20,000 people including members of Victims of Investment in China Association. The participants protested against Ma's perceived policy of "damaging Taiwan's sovereignty".
The fourth route was led by former premier Yu Shyi-kun, who was accompanied by Yunlin County magistrate Su Chih-fen, deputy magistrate Lee Ying-yuan, Tainan County magistrate Su Huan-chih, and Tainan mayor Hsu Tain-tsair. Protesters held a banner with slogan "Love Yunlin, Rebut Chen Yunlin!" The last route "Oppose the Incompetent Government" was led by former DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang. Protesters T-shirts with slogans such as "Defend Taiwan" and "I am Taiwanese, not Chinese."
Demonstration.
Because the protest march was launched primarily by the Democratic Progressive Party, participants were predominantly pan-green. Former DPP chairmen Yao Chia-wen, Su Tseng-chang, and Yu Shyi-kun all participated in the march.
Despite recent corruption controversies, former President Chen Shui-bian also marched and took the "Oppose Toxic Goods" route, although he did not finish the route. This was Chen's last appearance at a public political event before his arrest on November 11. The DPP organizers announced that there were over 600,000 protesters.
According to the pro-independence Taiwan East Society (), there were some pan-blue or Kuomintang supporters who signed up for the event. The chairman of the organization said that President Ma's pro-China policies had irritated many Taitung residents.
Controversial officer.
When protesters asked a police officer whether her boss is President Ma or not, the officer, surnamed Chou, responded that she worked for the People's Republic of China (PRC). The response irritated pan-green supporters, and an apology was immediately demanded. Chou apologized and left the scene.
The director of the National Police Agency Wang Cho-chiun later publicly apologized for the conduct of the officer, saying she has "damaged the police's public image." Wang also said that the officer will be punished for sure.
Responses.
President Ma Ying-jeou said he would listen to the voice of the people and respond to their criticism, but maintained that the main direction of his government polices remained the correct one.

</doc>
<doc id="19935798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935798" title="Don S. S. Goodloe House">
Don S. S. Goodloe House

The Don S. S. Goodloe House, a 1915–16 Colonial Revival style building veneered with brick, is significant for its association with Don Speed Smith Goodloe, the first principal of the Maryland Normal and Industrial School. The school, now Bowie State University, was Maryland's first postsecondary school for African Americans. As principal of the school from its opening in 1911 until 1921, Goodloe directed and managed this public institution through its formative years, a period characterized by the state's unwillingness to provide adequate funding for the housing and training of the students, while two white normal schools under the state were well funded.
Forced to provide his own housing, Goodloe had this large and commodious house built to accommodate not only his family, but also students for which he received additional income from the state. The house was designed by John A. Moore, an African American architect from Washington, D.C. Goodloe occupied the house until his death in 1959. It remained in the possession of Goodloe's heirs until 1990. The Goodloe house is the only building from the college's early period still standing. It is currently named the Goodloe Alumnihouse at Bowie State University.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19935802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935802" title="Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission">
Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission

The Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission is an independent state agency that was created by the Wisconsin State Legislature to hear and determine disputes between taxpayers and the Wisconsin Departments of Revenue and Transportation. The Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission also resolves tax disputes in the areas of individual income, corporate income, county sales tax, cigarette use, homestead credit, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="19935803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935803" title="OM TV">
OM TV

OM TV is a subscription based-channel, entirely dedicated to the French football team Olympique de Marseille. The channel offers Marseille fans exclusive interviews with players and staff, full matches, including replays of all Ligue 1, Coupe de France, Coupe de la Ligue, Champions League/UEFA Cup and friendly games, in addition to vintage matches, footballing news and other themed programming.

</doc>
<doc id="19935834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935834" title="Federation of Norwegian Technical Contractors">
Federation of Norwegian Technical Contractors

The Federation of Norwegian Technical Contractors () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current Director is Jostein Skree. Chairman of the board is Geir Kvifte.

</doc>
<doc id="19935866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935866" title="Norman Garbo">
Norman Garbo

Norman Garbo (born February 15, 1919) is an American author and lecturer.
Life.
Norman Garbo is the son of Maximilian W. and Fannie Garbo. He was born in New York, New York. It is here that Garbo attended City College (now known as the City College of the City University of New York) from 1935-37. Garbo also attended the New York Academy of Fine Art beginning in 1937. Garbo began working as a portrait painter in 1941 and also worked as a writer and lecturer. In 1941, he joined the military with the coming of World War II. He enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Forces where he achieved the rank of lieutenant.
Garbo married Rhoda Locke on April 15, 1942. The couple's son and only child is named Mickey. Garbo currently resides in Sands Point, Long Island in New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="19935873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935873" title="Heaven (Los Lonely Boys song)">
Heaven (Los Lonely Boys song)

"Heaven" is the title of a popular song from 2004 by the American Tejano/Chicano rock band Los Lonely Boys. The song was written by brothers Henry, Jojo and Ringo Garza, who comprise the foundation of the band, and it appears on their multi-platinum self-titled album.
Reception.
Released as a single in mid-2004, "Heaven" reached the Top 40 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at 16 in August. Later that year, the song began a sixteen week run at number 1 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart in October. It was also a minor hit at country radio, where it peaked at number 46.
AllMusic reviewer Thom Jurek describes the song as "infectious" and draws comparisons to the music of Freddie King, Stevie Ray Vaughan and Los Lobos. He states that "Heaven" is "a single in the old sense of the word: killer hook, easy groove, a slippery but unmistakable bridge with a beautiful vocal to boot -- all coming in under four minutes."
Awards.
The success of "Heaven" led to two Grammy Award nominations and one win for the band at the 47th Grammy Awards, held in early 2005. The song won in the category Best Pop Performance by a Duo group, while Los Lonely Boys were nominated in the category Best New Artist, losing out to Maroon 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19935892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935892" title="Dagpo Rinpoche">
Dagpo Rinpoche

Dagpo Rinpoche (born 1932), also known as Bamchoe Rinpoche, is a lama in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition.
Biography.
Born in Kongpo, located in southeastern Tibet, Dagpo Rinpoche was recognized by the Thirteenth Dalai Lama as the reincarnation of Dagpo Lama Jampel Lhundrup when he was only two years old. At age six, Rinpoche entered Bamchoe Monastery where he first learned to read and write, studying Buddhism.
At age thirteen, Dagpo Rinpoche began studying Buddhist philosophy at Dagpo Shedrup Ling. When he was twenty four, he continued his studies at Drepung Monastery.
Throughout his studies, Dagpo Rinpoche had the opportunity to study under many great Buddhist masters such as His Holiness the Dalai Lama, Ling Rinpoche and Trijang Rinpoche, and His Holiness himself. 
In 1959, as the Chinese invaded Tibet, he followed His Holiness the Dalai Lama into exile in India.
In 1961 he moved to France, where he took up a research and teaching position at INALCO at Sorbonne University in Paris. He started several Buddhist centers, first in France and later in Holland, Switzerland and Asia. He has been particularly active in teaching Buddhism in Indonesia and Malaysia. Dagpo Rimpoche is considered a reincarnation of the 10th century Buddhist master Serlingpa who resided in Sumatra, modern day Indonesia. Serlingpa was a principal teacher of Atisha from Bengal who was responsible for a major transmission of Buddhism to Tibet.

</doc>
<doc id="19935898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935898" title="Toomas Nipernaadi">
Toomas Nipernaadi

Toomas Nipernaadi is an influential 1928 Estonian novel by August Gailit, as well as the (assumed) name of the novel's main protagonist.It was strongly influenced by neo-romanticism.The story of the book was made into a movie in 1983.
Character.
The character is an archetypical traveller; a vagabond. He is noted for frequent lying, for promising something to everybody around him, and to beautiful women in particular — but always moving on before his promises can be fulfilled. Nipernaadi is a writer who spends his summers travelling incognito around Maarjamaa (Livonia). Despite the roguish nature of his behavior, he still somehow brings hope to the stagnant backwater villages he breezes through, inspiring the inhabitants to turn their own dreams into reality.
The novel has given modern Estonian the word "nipernaadi," a somewhat whimsical term for an adventurous traveller who wants to experience something off the beaten track or beyond the usual tourist sights. The news and public affairs station Radio Kuku, for instance, has a regular travel feature called "Nipernaadid" (The Nipernaadis).

</doc>
<doc id="19935921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935921" title="United States Post Office (Troy, New York)">
United States Post Office (Troy, New York)

The U.S. Post Office in Troy, New York, United States, is located at 400 Broadway, on the corners of Fourth (US 4) and William Streets, the tenth location it has occupied in the city's history. It serves the ZIP Codes 12179 through 12182, which cover different sections of the city. In 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places, and it is also a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District, which covers much of the city's downtown commercial area.
It was built during the Great Depression as part of a massive statewide public works initiative to stimulate the economy and provide jobs. Louis Simon, supervising architect for the Treasury Department, used a stripped-down Classical Revival style for the post office, which replaced a much-beloved older one. Painter Waldo Peirce added two murals to the building's lobby in 1938, making Troy's one of only three post offices in the U.S. with his artwork.
Building.
Exterior.
The post office is a two-story, 7-by-10-bay steel frame building on granite foundation. Its two main facades (Broadway and Fourth) frame their entrances with engaged two-story pilasters on molded bases and capitals. At the top of the pilasters is a simple frieze. At the end bays the frieze is decorated with abstract stars and stripes with winged shields at the corners, where the stone surface beneath them changes from ashlar to rusticated. The Broadway frieze has the words "UNITED STATES POST OFFICE", reflecting the main entrance located underneath it.
That main entrance is reached by a set of granite steps. It is surrounded by limestone and flanked by original wrought iron lamps and lampposts. The windows to the sides are trimmed in decorative limestone as well, their bays recessed like the main entrance and the central eight bays of the Fourth Street side. A secondary entrance, similar to the main entrance but with less decoration, is located two bays north of Broadway.
The north and east (William Street) facades are faced in buff-colored brick laid in common bond, with limestone coping. To the north the building projects one bay from the main section; this ell includes the loading dock facilities. A brick chimney rises from the northeastern corner.
Interior.
Inside, two connected lobbies parallel the main facades. An original glazed aluminum vestibule on the main entrance, and a small marble lobby on the secondary, give way to a terrazzo floor, dark green marble base and veined white marble dado. The plaster walls are divided into four recessed bays flanked by marble pilasters, rising to a ceiling cornice with classical detailing. While the furniture in the lobbies is newer, most of the teller windows and the iron grillework above them, and some of the post office boxes, are original.
At either end of the lobby is a mural by Waldo Peirce, both with regional themes. The eastern one depicts Rip Van Winkle and the west one is called "Legends of the Hudson". Peirce did very few public commissions, and only two other U.S. post offices (in Westbrook, Maine and Peabody, Massachusetts) have murals by him.
History.
Troy's first post office was established in 1796, within a decade of the city's founding, in a local law office on First Street. Over the next century it was housed in seven other downtown locations, the last two being for long periods, in the Atheneum Building on First Street (1846-1882) and the Masonic Temple on Third (1882-1894). When Congress authorized the construction of the city's first federal building in 1886, the post office was among the agencies slated for space in the new building.
The land for the new federal building cost the government $99,982 and then an additional $323,000 in 2008 dollars to build starting in 1890. It was opened in 1894; the granite Romanesque Revival-style building's clock tower became one of the city's most enduring landmarks, dominating the downtown skyline.
In 1931, as the Great Depression was beginning, an amendment to the Public Buildings Act of 1926 authorized 136 separate postal construction projects to relieve growing unemployment. Troy's was one, but the Treasury Department, under whose umbrella the Post Office came at the time, was unable to begin the project for a few years, and it had to be reauthorized in 1934.
The plans called for the old building to be demolished; and once the newer design, by Treasury Department Supervising Architect Louis Simon, was made public there was outrage from some citizens that the popular older building was to be torn down only 40 years after it had been built. But it was insufficient to stop the project, and after $154,000 was spent to acquire the additional land the new building would need, the post office moved to the Hannibal Green Building across the street in 1934 for the two years it would take to build its new home. Stone from the old building can still be found in other parts of the city and its vicinity, used as retaining wall, fence posts and in one case, a gravestone.
Peirce painted his murals in 1938, two years after the new building opened. There have been few significant changes since then. In more recent years, an interior fire escape was added to the northwest corner, and one of the original teller bays was converted into a self-service section. The original customer tables in the lobby, and the front doors themselves, have also been replaced.
Aesthetics.
At the time the Troy post office was built, the Treasury Department preferred the Colonial Revival style for buildings in small towns and Classical Revival for those in cities. Simon generally worked on the former and left the latter to contracted architects, with Troy's being one of the few exceptions to that principle. His building shows the influence of other styles as well.
Classical Revival is the dominant mode, particular echoing early 19th-century Greek Revival public buildings in its rectangular plan. The influence of contemporary modernist approaches, particularly Art Deco, can be seen in the stylized, streamlined ornamentation.

</doc>
<doc id="19935936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935936" title="Vanessa Zachos">
Vanessa Zachos

Vanessa Zachos (born 3 May) is a South African-born, London-based actress.
Biography.
Vanessa is the daughter of a Greek father and a German mother, as well as the middle child of five daughters. From a young age Vanessa had a love of the stage and featured in school plays. She excelled in art and science and trained in modern dance. She studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London, and was selected for a Royal Academy of Dramatic Art Fellowship on their European Act program with The Actors Centre London and has trained in the so-called Chubbuck Technique.
She worked for a while assisting a Private Investigator on cases of infidelity. She has also previously worked for a number of charitable organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19935939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935939" title="Howard Carmack">
Howard Carmack

Howard Carmack, also known as the Buffalo Spammer, was the first sender of spam in the United States to be imprisoned. He was arrested in New York in May 2003, and sentenced in March 2004 to between 3.5 and 7 years in prison.
Carmack sent out 825 million e-mails, fraudulently using the identities of two people from the city of Buffalo, as well as hundreds of aliases.
Before this conviction, Carmack also lost a lawsuit before a federal court in Atlanta, which required him to pay damages of US$14.5 million to Earthlink, his former internet service provider, for the same actions.

</doc>
<doc id="19935942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935942" title="Andrew Williams (U.S. Navy lawyer)">
Andrew Williams (U.S. Navy lawyer)

Andrew Williams is an American lawyer, and officer in the United States Navy Reserve and the Navy's Judge Advocate General Corp.
Williams lives in Gig Harbor, Washington.
Williams is notable for his resignation from the Navy, in December 2007.
In a letter to the Peninsula Gateway, that received widespread comment, Williams explained his decision to resign was triggered by answers Brigadier Thomas W. Hartmann, gave in his Senate testimony about torture.
Hartmann was the senior serving officer in the Office of Military Commissions—the body that conducts Guantanamo military commissions.
Legal career.
Williams joined the Navy after completing his law degree.
He shifted from the Regular Navy to the Naval Reserves in 1995.
The Eric Eugene Cooper case.
Williams defended Eric Eugene Cooper, a multiply married man who had told the women was trying to woo that he was an Annapolis graduate and a Navy SEAL.
Cooper was accused of multiple counts of defrauding his wives and girlfriends. Williams helped Cooper plead guilty to a single count of fraud, for which he received a fifteen-year sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="19935954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935954" title="Uroš Đurić">
Uroš Đurić

Uroš Đurić (; born December 4, 1964) is a Serbian conceptual artist, actor and painter based in Belgrade. He studied art history at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy and painting at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Belgrade. In 1980, he took part in Belgrade punk movement by joining Urbana Gerila as a drummer. Đurić became an active participant of the Belgrade art scene since 1989 by founding the Autonomist (anti)movement together with Stevan Markuš. In 1994 they published the “Autonomism Manifesto”. During the 1990s he often appears in feature films, works as graphic designer and as DJ at Academy night club, known as The Hole. Contributor to several documentaries and underground comics publishing. Founder of Remont gallery & art magazine. From 1992 collaborates with Belgrade Radio B92.
On the Conceptual Basis of the Works in Uroš Đurić’s Art Practice.
"by Stevan Vuković"
“The author and the work are only the starting points of an analysis whose horizon is a language: there cannot be a science of Dante, Shakespeare, or Racine but only a science of discourses.”
"Roland Barthes"
Uroš Đurić’s strong presence in the popular media as a public personality, and his very charismatic appearance, constitute the major obstacles in grasping the specificity of the discourses he develops in order to intervene in the field of contemporary art and culture. What usually happens when his works, especially the ones that feature images of himself, are interpreted without insight into the grammar of visual language and into the conceptual strategies he uses, can easily be designated as a “naturalistic mistake”. It consists of equating micro-histories of his personal biography, as the biography of an empirical person who is the author of certain artworks, with the narratives that make up the visual content of those works, and with the features of the represented characters. The fact that he gets engaged with popular culture both in the fields of subcultures and of cultural industries (as an actor, radio host, underground punk musician), and in the field of critical and experimental visual art (as an author who recycles samples and schematics of popular culture in his work, which is mostly figural) gets condensed into a view of his works as functioning as “the organic representations” of those mechanisms of cultural production and of those subcultures.
“It is about the projection of personality as a mediator of ideas”, said Uroš Đurić in an interview published in 1996, explaining the role of his own image in the paintings he was producing at the time, adding that the “self-portrait makes it a historically determined model, the specific feature being that, in this case, the image of the author is activated as a part of the content by being included in the representation”. From this quote, it is quite clear that, at least on the level of intentionality, the image of the author is not used as a simple mirror-image of himself or of his identity belongings and affiliations, but as a tool for conceptual manoeuvres. Therefore, Uroš Đurić may appear as an “organic intellectual”, in the sense of visually codifying and making more coherent, presenting and making more broadly present in the public, a specific shared non-hegemonic and, both culturally and socially, underrepresented world-view “in a way that is directive and organizational, i.e. educative, i.e. intellectual”, but he does not do that as someone who enters the field of art from the outside. He does that as an artist fully belonging to it, and being formed by it, and within it. Thereby, he acts in a synthetic manner, as a link between the life worlds where minor cultures are developed, and the elitist art world, as defined in its hegemonic role. Uroš Đurić even made that clear himself in a discussion with the local art critic and art journalist Danijela Purešević, by stating the following: “I use figuration the way Duchamp used ready-made. I use figuration dually. And I am not a figurative painter. I am a pure conceptualist”.
Uroš Đurić is not a punk who paints. He performs conceptual manoeuvres by using a specific “painterly style” (or “style of representation” in his later works that are not paintings) treated as a ready-made. That enables him to resample different historical styles without actually paying tribute either to the artists who originally used them or to the actual times and contexts of use. He uses the surface of the painting, drawing, photography or a digital collage as a screen for projecting, not his own empirically and psychologically framed visions and desires, but those specific social issues that go far beyond what is screened in the public media or conventionally shown in major art shows. By using his own image in paintings, photographs, and digital collages, he produces an art of signs, an art of discourse, questioning the effects of visual images on the usual perception of identity, history and culture, and testing the implications of the use of these images for the art system and the models of perception of artworks as such. The subjectivity he demonstrates is not simply taken for granted but is already “deconstructed, taken apart, and shifted, without anchorage”. It is rooted in language and effective in the realm of the symbolic. In his work, he places his self-representations at quite a distance from the psycho-biographic realm, which would be just visualized. As Roland Barthes stated, the life of the author cannot be considered as “the origin of his fables, but a fable that runs concurrently with his work.”
Autonomism and Populism
In 1994, Uroš Đurić wrote, together with Stevan Markuš, a manifesto entitled “The Autonomism Manifesto”. It was written in February and March 1994, and published as a leaflet, to be later included in the catalogue of their joint exhibition, held in Pančevo in June 1995. “It was created to reduce to a minimum the possibility of shallow stories about our painting”, stated their text of the Manifesto, referring to the history of its own making. Going back to the experiences of the local historical avant-gardes, namely, Zenitism, whose manifesto these artists not only quoted in their own manifesto but even claimed to repeat, they looked for a way to avoid being listed among the “urban section” of “figurative painters”, following the “other line” of former Yugoslav art, who institutionalized those practices within the histories of neo-avant-gardes, of neo-constructivists, conceptual and process art movements, considered to be tendencies of “radical”, as opposed to “soft” modernism. They also did not feel quite comfortable with the concept of “monumental intimism”, which placed them amongst the authors active in the “interspace between high art and the underground”, with Đile Marković and Zoran Marinković, in the close proximity of authors such as Daniel Glid and Jasmina Kalić. Their use of images was more denaturalized than those of the artists who were reputedly stylistically close to them. Their relationship with the “underground”, on the other hand, was on the level of repetition of visual samples that were part of the imagery of empowerment, but in a context that was not the context of subcultures – they played with different rhetorical operations within the language of art, but materialized mainly as paintings of conventional format, and executed in conventional techniques, like oil on canvas. “We are classics”, they stated, in an ironic manner, while they were still students, and they said that in order to oppose classifications. They wanted histories of their own, ones that escape the constraints of theory-led production, art-historian-dominated interpretation, and exhibiting within the framework imposed by curators. They wanted to create the context in which their work is produced, viewed and exhibited. That was Autonomism.
In the late nineties, Uroš Đurić started exhibiting mainly without Stevan Markuš. He switched his preferred techniques from oil painting and charcoal drawing to electronic collages, photographs, performances and whatever else might come as the most appropriate medium for the realization of some concrete project. What he kept was a passionate attachments to self-portraits, so that his own image still played the “theoretical object” in most of the works, only the process and the final result were much more open with respect to the manner of realization that before. His major project for the end of the nineties, and the project through which he developed another referential frame for his works, was entitled The Populist Project. As the author stated himself, the main objective of the project was to show the interaction between the star system and identity. Its components were titled God Loves the Dreams of Serbian Artists, Celebrities, Hometown Boys and Pioneers. The images of the author featured in different segments of the project, presenting him as part of the most prominent football teams in Europe, in the company of various public personalities, on the cover of an imaginary magazine entitled “Hometown Boys”, and among the most prominent authors in the field of art production and interpretation from what was once geopolitically labelled as Eastern Europe, all of whom were shown as proudly wearing a red pioneer scarf, in a glorious posture taken from the iconography of socialist realism. With this project, he went against the stereotypical social and political, not so much art-historical framing of his works. While most left-wing scholars in Serbia dealt with the issue of populism as determined to serve the right wing ideology, he demonstrated that populism had no pre-articulated social implication, and that in order to enter the struggle in the public arena, one has to be able to articulate it. His manner of articulation was rooted in the antagonistic potential of all the popular interpellations, connecting his populist project with the heritage of populist anarchism, which reappeared locally on the grass roots level whenever the local population was to be turned into members of a nation, party, etc. Instead of producing representations of all the invisible parts of the society within the field of art, which is the prevailing paradigm of socially specific works, he went directly into the populist media to work on antagonizing the attitudes towards the public images of celebrities, including his own, using those media the way he used canvas.
"Integral version of the text was published in: Umelec international 3/2006"

</doc>
<doc id="19935975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19935975" title="The Best of Gil Scott-Heron">
The Best of Gil Scott-Heron

The Best Of Gil Scott-Heron is a compilation album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released on the Arista label in 1984.
Track listing.
All songs written by Gil Scott-Heron.

</doc>
<doc id="19936007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936007" title="William Lee Stoddart">
William Lee Stoddart

William Lee Stoddart (1868–1940) was an architect best known for urban hotels in the eastern United States. Even though he was born in Tenafly, New Jersey, the bulk of his commissions were in the South. He maintained offices in Atlanta and New York City.
Stoddart attended Columbia University although sources differ on whether he graduated. He then worked in the office of George B. Post for ten years before opening his own office.
Personal life.
Stoddart married Mary Elizabeth Powell in Atlanta in 1898, and they settled in Maywood, New Jersey. After approximately a decade of living together, a separation occurred, which was the subject of scandal in the New York newspapers. At the time of the divorce, Mrs. Stoddart lived in Reno with her three children. On November 1, 1909, she sued for divorce in Reno, alleging “extreme cruelty.” Shortly afterward, in late November 1909, he filed a countersuit, also seeking a divorce. William Stoddart alleged that his wife’s attraction to one of his friends, Robert L. Shape, had led to the marital breakdown. In an era when marital breakdowns were considered scandalous, the New York Times published three intimately personal letters from Mrs. Stoddart to Mr. Stoddart in which she begged for a legal separation and financial support.
According to Stoddart’s obituary, the divorce occurred in 1908. However, when one considers the two articles published in 1909 describing the divorce lawsuit and countersuit, it is likely that 1909 was the year the divorce actually occurred.
On July 19, 1923, at Asheville, North Carolina, William Stoddart remarried. His second wife was Mrs. Sabra (Wheless) Ballinger who died in 1934.
Although Stoddart spent his final years in Larchmont, New York, the actual location of his passing was the hospital in New Rochelle, New York, where he died of a stroke on October 2, 1940, at the age of 71.
Approach to design.
Stoddart took pride in the efficient, rational design of his hotels, which reflected the enthusiasm for scientific management of his era. He expressed his approach to hotel design as a series of rules or formulas that would lead to maximum profitability. His design philosophy was similar to that of E.M. Statler's emphasis on efficiency in hotel architecture, except that Stoddart's hotels were smaller, less luxurious (e.g., not all guestrooms had ensuite bathrooms), and were in smaller cities. Both Stoddart and Statler aimed their hotels at serving the market niche of traveling sales representatives.
Notable commissions: Before 1920.
"Years in parentheses are the years of construction. In chronological order:"
Notable commissions: 1920 and later.
"Years in parentheses are the years of construction. In chronological order:"
See also.
Winecoff Hotel

</doc>
<doc id="19936010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936010" title="Albanerpetontidae">
Albanerpetontidae

Albanerpetontidae is an extinct family of superficially salamander-like lissamphibians. Albanerpetontids include four genera – "Albanerpeton", "Anoualerpeton", "Celtedens", and "Wesserpeton" – and between 10 and 20 known species, spanning about 160 million years from the Bathonian stage of the Middle Jurassic to the end of the Pliocene. Albanerpetontids were long thought to be salamanders because of their small size and generalized body plans. However, these features are now thought to be ancestral for lissamphibians and not indicative of close relationships between the two groups. Albanerpetontids are now recognized as a distinct clade of lissamphibians separate from the three living orders of amphibians – Anura (frogs), Caudata (salamanders), and Gymnophiona (caecilians). They are thought to be more closely related to frogs and salamanders than to caecilians.

</doc>
<doc id="19936016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936016" title="Santa Isabel Municipality">
Santa Isabel Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,820 . 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 27 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936035" title="Dorrit Willumsen">
Dorrit Willumsen

Dorrit Willumsen (born 31 August 1940 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen) is a Danish writer. She made her literary debut in 1965 with the short story collection "Knagen".
She was awarded the Danish Critics Prize for Literature in 1983. In 1995 she was awarded the Søren Gyldendal Prize. In 1997 she was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize for the novel "Bang: en roman om Herman Bang". She married the playwright Jess Ørnsbo in 1963, and their son Tore Ørnsbo (1970-) is also a writer.

</doc>
<doc id="19936058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936058" title="The Static Jacks">
The Static Jacks

The Static Jacks are an American rock band from Westfield, New Jersey, consisting of singer Ian Devaney, guitarist Henry Kaye, guitarist Michael Sue-Poi, and drummer Nick Brennan.
History.
Formation (2007-2010).
Devaney, Kaye, and Brennan started playing together their freshman year of high school for a class project on the Harlem Renaissance. A short time later they began writing songs with some other friends. Each attended separate universities for one semester before leaving to continue playing music together, along with then-bassist Spencer Kimmins. After putting up "guitarist wanted" flyers in local music stores, they received a call from Sue-Poi, who was interested in trying out and allegedly ripped down the flyer so no one else could contact the band. 
In the middle of a conversation about how the group wanted someone to produce their next recording, they received an email from Andrew Maury, who had remixed one of their songs for Remix Artist Collective, offering his services as a producer. Music blog "Pop Tarts Suck Toasted" included The Static Jacks in their "Best Newish New Jersey Bands" feature of the Top 10 Jersey Bands Ever in 2009.
Shortly afterwards, in the Spring of 2009, they recorded the Laces EP, setting up a makeshift studio in a local church. After a series of small tours around the Northeast in support of the EP in their parent's cars, the band decided it was time to get a van, and took to busking in New York City parks for money. After several months of this, they had enough money to buy a van, and did so, from an armed man in camouflage pants.
"If You're Young & Spray Tan" (2011-2013).
The Static Jacks were signed by Fearless Records in 2011. They spent the next year writing and touring, until early 2012, when they began recording their debut full-length album, "If You're Young", with the producer Chris Shaw. The album was recorded at Stratosphere Sound in NYC, owned by Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and James Iha of The Smashing Pumpkins, the latter of whom played tambourine on the album's closing track. After about two weeks of caressing the Grammy’s that were lying around the office, the album was complete. 
On July 25, 2011, TSJ premiered a double A-side single online consisting of "Into the Sun" and "Mercy, Hallelujah".
"If You're Young" was released August 30, 2012, and the band then began touring extensively around the United States, UK and Europe.
On November 17, 2011, The Static Jacks made their television debut on Fuel TV's "The Daily Habit". On December 21, 2011, The Static Jacks appeared on NBC's "Last Call with Carson Daly".
Before "If You're Young" was released, the band had already started work on another EP, with Andrew Maury, entitled "Spray Tan". It was recorded at a studio in Jersey City that was built inside an art-storage facility, and owned by high school friend Dan Zavaro. On April 16, a new song from the EP called "Young Guns" was streamed and offered for a free download. After this experience, the band needed no further convincing, and decided Maury would produce their next full length as well. He is currently doing so, with the album being recorded at Retromedia Studio in Red Bank, NJ. 
"In Blue" (2013-present).
On June 28, 2013 the band announced their new album, "In Blue", would be released on October 1, 2013. They also gave a free download of the song "I'll Come Back."

</doc>
<doc id="19936107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936107" title="Blanche of France, Duchess of Austria">
Blanche of France, Duchess of Austria

Blanche of France (c. 1278 – 1 March 1305) was consort to Rudolph I of Habsburg, Duke of Austria and Styria and son of King Albert I of Germany.
Family.
Blanche was born in Paris, the second child of Philip III of France and his second wife, Maria of Brabant. Her siblings were Louis, Count of Évreux and Margaret of France, Queen of England. Blanche also had two older half-brothers from her father's first marriage to Isabella of Aragon: Philip, the future King of France, and Charles, Count of Valois.
Blanche's maternal grandparents were Henry III, Duke of Brabant and his wife Alice of Burgundy. Her paternal grandparents were Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence.
Life.
Betrothals.
Blanche was betrothed four times before her eventual marriage. Her first betrothal was to John I, Marquis of Namur, in September 1290. Her second betrothal was on 31 July 1291 to Edward, Prince of Wales, but he would instead marry Blanche's niece Isabella. 
Her third betrothal took place in 1293 and was to the Prince of Wales's father, Edward I of England, who had been widowed three years earlier. Edward broke off his son's betrothal to Blanche after hearing of her beauty and sent emissaries to negotiate the intended union with her half-brother, King Philip IV. Philip agreed to give Blanche to Edward on the following conditions:
Edward agreed and sent his brother Edmund Crouchback, Earl of Lancaster, to fetch the new bride, but Lancaster discovered that Blanche was already betrothed to another. Philip instead offered Edward her younger sister Margaret, who was at the time only eleven years old. Edward refused Margaret's hand and instead declared war on France. Five years later Edward and Philip declared a truce under which Edward would marry Margaret (then a more mature 16 years of age) and receive both the city of Guienne and the sum of £15,000, which was owed to Margaret.
Her fourth betrothal, in 1296, was to John, son of John II, Count of Holland.
Marriage.
Blanche married Rudolph on 25 May 1300; she bore him a stillborn daughter in 1304, a short-lived son who was poisoned in March 1306 and she suffered a miscarriage. She died on 1 March 1305, possibly of complications of the miscarriage. Rudolph married Elisabeth Richeza of Poland the next year; they had no children and Rudolph died in 1307 after being King of Bohemia for only one year.
Blanche is buried at the Minoritenkirche, Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19936119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936119" title="Marek Brodzki">
Marek Brodzki

Marek Brodzki (born 25 December 1960) is a Polish film director and television director. He directed the film and series versions of "Wiedźmin" aka "The Hexer" and the series "Miasteczko". He has worked as First Assistant Director with top Polish directors Andrzej Wajda and Krzysztof Zanussi and has specialized as a Polish First Assistant Director and Second Unit Director on international productions made in Poland notably including Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List" and has a long working relationship with German director Volker Schlöndorff.
He is married to Production Manager, Casting Director, First Assistant Director Ewa Brodzka.
Selected filmography.
Feature films:
Television films:
Television series:

</doc>
<doc id="19936156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936156" title="Trilobopsis loricata">
Trilobopsis loricata

Trilobopsis loricata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936178" title="Minuscule 798 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 798 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 798 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) ε 473 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 260 parchment leaves (17 cm by 11.5 cm). It is dated palaeographically to the 11th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospels with some lacunae (Mark 1:-8:2). The text is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page in minuscule letters. The initial letters in red. Size of the text is 11.4 by 7.5 cm. Mark 1:1-8:2 is faded.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains lectionary markings at the margin and pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The codex was divided into two parts and now located in two places. Matthew and Mark on 112 folios are housed in Εθνική Βιβλιοθήκη (137), in Athens. Luke and John on 148 folios are housed in "Bibelmuseum" (Ms. 7) in Münster.
Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. The part of the manuscript housed in Münster was digitalized by the CSNTM in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19936210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936210" title="Henrik Nordbrandt">
Henrik Nordbrandt

Henrik Nordbrandt (born 21 March 1945) is a Danish poet, novelist and essayist. He made his literary debut in 1966 with the poetry collection "Digte". He was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 2000 for the poetry collection' "Drømmebroer" ("Dream Bridges").
Although a Danish writer he has spent much of his life in the Mediterranean and this is said to have had an influence on his writing.
In 2007 the Polish painter Kasia Banas carried out a project including paintings inspired by the poetry of Henrik Nordbrandt.

</doc>
<doc id="19936217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936217" title="Ginuwine discography">
Ginuwine discography

This article contains the discography of American R&B singer Ginuwine. This includes studio albums, compilation albums, and singles. Ginuwine has sold over five million albums in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19936230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936230" title="Satevó Municipality">
Satevó Municipality

In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 3,856. 
Satevó began as a Jesuit mission to the Tarahumara in about 1640.
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 126 localities. The largest are:
! Name !! Population

</doc>
<doc id="19936249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936249" title="Fran Perea">
Fran Perea

Francisco Manuel Perea Bilbao (born November 20, 1978, in Málaga, Andalucía, Spain), professionally known as Fran Perea, is a Spanish actor and singer.
Career.
Fran Perea graduated from the Escuela Superior de Arte Dramático of Málaga. He made his debut in 2000, acting Hugo in television series "Al salir de clase". He portrayed Hugo from 2001 to 2002.
In 2003, Perea got the role of Marcos Serrano in television sitcom "Los Serrano". He also sang the opening theme "1 más 1 son 7", and was a huge hit in 2003. Due to his role of Marcos, Fran Perea became a famous singer. His first album, "La chica de la habitación de al lado", was totally inspired by his role in "Los Serrano". It earned four Platinum and one Gold discs. In 2004, he had a Spanish tour, and recorded the live hits album "Fran Perea, en concierto". In 2005, he released his second album "Punto y Aparte", that followed the success of "La chica de la habitación de al lado". One year later, Perea left "Los Serrano" and started acting in films.
In 2006, he portrayed David in film "Los Mánagers", directed by Fernando Guillén Cuervo. Also, he was the protagonist of 2006 film "El camino de los ingleses", directed by famous actor Antonio Banderas. When Banderas selected him for the film, he did not know that Perea was very famous in Spain for his roles in the TV-series "Al salir de clase" and "Los Serrano".
In 2007, Perea acted in Goya-nominated film "Las 13 rosas", directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro. And that year, he started performing in plays like ‘Fedra’ as Hipolito along with some of the big names of the Spanish dramaturgy: Ana Belén as Fedra, José Carlos Plaza as director and Juan Mayorga as scriptwriter.
After that he participated on the TV series ‘Hospital Central’and played the role of Don Juan in ‘Don Juan, el burlador de Sevilla’, under the orders of Emilio Hernández. The debut took place in Naples and the play was also performed in the Classical Theater Festival of Almagro. In 2009 and 2010, once again, he played Hipolito on stage.
In 2010, Fran Perea launched his third album, 'Viejos conocidos'. This is the first album all made by Fran: written by him and produced by his label Sinfonía en No Bemol. In May and July 2012 he has had a tour with this album around Spain.
He shot a new film, 'Chrysalis', debut of director Paula Ortiz, which share the story of Maribel Verdu and Roberto Alamo. And he participated with a short role in 'Balada triste de trompeta' by Alex de la Iglesia, who directed the first clip of 'Viejos conocidos', corresponding to the single 'Carnival'.
On television, he was honored to participate in the revival of the classic TVE Estudio 1, as Camilo of 'La viuda de Valencia', with Aitana Sanchez-Gijon and Jorge Roelas, among other peers. A new experience for him as it had to apply the concept stage to the television format.
Recently, he has finished another tour with a show completely different. For a year he has gotten into the skin of Chris Keller, the son of Joe and Kate Keller in 'All My Sons' (Arthur Miller), under the direction of Claudio Tolcachir, who is also responsible for the adaptation of Miller's text. Claudio, who has already become a good friend, is an Argentine director who is amazing audiences and critics with his concept of theater. As audience has said many stage they create an atmosphere that causes the viewer the feeling that is part of what is happening on stage.
Now Fran is part of the cast of a new serie in the Spanish channel Antena 3, named 'Luna, el misterio de Calenda' and he is Orestes in the new play of José Carlos Plaza, again with Ana Belén.
Personal life.
From 2003 to 2006, he dated Spanish actress and "Los Serrano" co-star Verónica Sánchez. They broke up after they both left "Los Serrano" due to their careers. They attended together the ceremony of 2006 Goya Awards.
Politics.
Has participated with another Spanish famous people in a campaign in support of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero as candidate for the president of the government of Spain in the elections in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19936279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936279" title="Jeannie Seely discography">
Jeannie Seely discography

This article presents the discography of country music singer-songwriter, Jeannie Seely.
After signing with Monument Records in 1966, Seely had her biggest with "Don't Touch Me" the same year, which peaked at #2 on the "Billboard magazine country chart." 
Under Monument, Seely recorded four albums and a total of four Top 10 and 20 hits. She then recorded for Decca Records (which later became MCA records), and collaborated with country singer, Jack Greene for two albums and three hit singles, including the their #2 hit in 1970, "Wish I Didn't Have to Miss You." Seely had her most successful solo hits in 1973 with "Can I Sleep in Your Arms" and "Lucky Ladies." She recorded a total of five studio albums for Decca. She later switched to Columbia Records at the end of the decade and recorded two singles, before finishing her recording career. In total, Seely has recorded 9 studio albums and two collaborated albums. In addition, she has also released 33 singles between 1965 and 1978 to the country charts in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19936286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936286" title="Bill Mallon">
Bill Mallon

William James Mallon (born February 2, 1952) is an American orthopedic surgeon, former professional golfer and a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games.
Golf career.
Born in Paterson, New Jersey, Mallon studied at Duke University and graduated magna cum laude with an A.B. in math and physics. While at Duke he played collegiate golf and was a two-time All-American, twice voted to the Outstanding College Athletes of America and was a two-time participant in the NCAA tournament. He won over 40 amateur tournaments including two victories in both the Massachusetts and New England Amateur Championships and one Mid-Atlantic title.
Mallon turned professional in 1975 and joined the PGA Tour after qualifying at Q-school in the fall of 1975. He played three seasons, 1976–78, posting three top-10 finishes with a best finish of tied for 5th at the 1977 Joe Garagiola-Tucson Open. He played in the 1977 U.S. Open and was twice in the top 100 on the money list.
Medical career.
After leaving the PGA Tour he returned to Duke University to study medicine graduating as an M.D. in 1984. He was a resident at Duke University medical center between 1984 and 1990 and is now the Associate Consulting Professor of Orthopaedics as well as having his own practice. He specializes in complex reconstructive shoulder and elbow surgery and is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, a member of the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons, where he served as Vice-President in 2012 and will be President in 2014, and a member of the advisory council of the Institute of Preventative Sports Medicine. He has written widely on the subject of sporting injuries and has been the medical editor of "Golf Digest" since 1987. Previously North American editor of the Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery he has been editor of that publication in 2009.
Olympics historian.
Mallon is also a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games and has written 24 books on the subject. He was a co-founder and later president of the International Society of Olympic Historians and was historical consultant to the organizing committees of both the Atlanta and Sydney Olympics. Mallon has also been a consultant statistician to the IOC and was awarded the Olympic Order in silver in 2001 for services to the Olympic movement.
Amateur wins.
"this list is incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="19936298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936298" title="Muse, Burma">
Muse, Burma

Muse (, ) is the principal town of Muse Township also spell as Mu Se Township in northern Shan State, Myanmar. It is situated on the Shweli River, and is connected by a bridge and road to Ruili (Shweli, , in Burmese) in Yunnan Province, China.
The old bridge dubbed the "Gun Bridge" by the locals on account of the frequent traffic of armaments from China to the military government of Burma was closed in 2005, replaced by a new bridge with a wider span and parallel to it.
Transport.
Muse is today connected to Mandalay via Lashio by the National Highway 3 450 km Asian Highway route 14 (AH14), The old Burma Road links the new road to Bhamo in Kachin State which links to the Ledo Road. Mandalay-Lashio-Muse Road included part of the Burma Road and was rebuilt and upgraded for heavy traffic in 1998 on a Build-Operate-Transfer basis (BOT) by the Asia World Company headed by the son of the former opium warlord Lo Hsing Han. It has cut the journey time from 2 days, even a week in the rainy season, to just 12–16 hours. Muse is also connected to central Burma via the Mandalay-Lashio railway line.
Economy.
Cross-border trade was banned by Ne Win after the military came to power in Burma in 1962 but the ban was lifted following negotiations in 1988. Bilateral trade has risen steadily since, increasing by 60% in the fiscal year ending 31 March 2008, and constitutes 24% of Burma's trade ranking China as a major trading partner second only to Thailand.
Burma exports mainly raw materials such as agricultural produce, fish, timber, gems and minerals, and imports consumer goods, electronics, machinery and processed food. Muse's '105th mile Trade Zone', a border zone of 150 hectares, opened in April 2006, the first and largest border trade camp of its kind in Burma, handling as much as 70% of cross border trade with China. A trade fair has been held annually every December since 2001 alternating between the two border towns each year with India, Bangladesh and Thailand as well as China taking part.
In 2007 the local militia, under orders of the military authorities, seized of land in the area, mainly tea and orange plantations as well as small farms, with little or no compensation, in a drive to cultivate physic nuts for biodiesel as an alternative fuel.
On 8 May 2008, the military seized 20 truck loads of biscuits and other goods at Muse allegedly for the relief of Cyclone Nargis victims.
A joint enterprise between Burma and China to construct oil and gas pipelines from the Bay of Bengal via Mandalay through Muse to Kunming in Yunnan Province starts operations in 2009.
Narcotics.
Recently China built a 4 km long fence on the border near Ruili in order to stop drug trafficking and two more are under construction.Drug addiction is a major problem in the area. The opium poppy harvest had increased since Lo Hsing Han managed to rebuild his drug empire after becoming the intermediary for cease-fire agreements between the military intelligence chief Khin Nyunt and the Kokang and Wa insurgents who had rebelled against and toppled the Communist leadership in 1989. The World Food Program carried out emergency food assistance to former poppy farmers in 2004-2005 as pressure mounted to stop cultivation of the poppy.
Gambling, drugs and prostitution flourished in Ruili, but Muse's own efforts to share in the Las Vegas style business atmosphere met with much less success. The Chinese authorities cracked down on heroin entering - but not the chemical ingredients for the amphetamine-type stimulant (ATS) called "yaba" leaving - and also on Chinese men enjoying the same pleasures on the Burmese side of the border. Besides the UNODC, a number of groups and organisations such as the Asian Harm Reduction Network (AHRN) and Buddhist monks are also involved in the amelioration of the HIV/AIDS problem among drug users.

</doc>
<doc id="19936299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936299" title="Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum">
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum

The Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum (Blue Star Contemporary) is the acting contemporary art museum of San Antonio, Texas, USA. Known simply as Blue Star, it was established as a grassroots response to the cancellation of a contemporary arts exhibit at the San Antonio Museum of Art in 1985. The effort established a vibrant venue for the exhibition of contemporary art in San Antonio. The center is housed in an adapted 1920's era warehouse facility located on the banks of the San Antonio River, at the southern fringe of Downtown San Antonio.
The organization was originally operated by artists and volunteers yet was formally organized with a professional director and staff in 1988. It is now run by director Bill FitzGibbons. Today the center is a primary destination for new art in South Texas and the center has over 20 exhibitions annually, having showcased artists including Hiroshi Sugimoto, Ryan McGinness, Zane Lewis, Mike Bidlo, Oliver Herring, Chuck Ramirez, Sky Patterson, Julia Landois, John Mata, Kimberly Aubuchon, Vincent Valdez, Alex Rubio, Thomas Cummins, Linda Pace, Ed Saavedra, James Surls, Larry Leisner, Dayna De Hoyos, Jason Willome, Ron Binks, Justin Parr, Chris Sauter, Richie Budd, and Dario Robleto. In 2006, George Yepes had a show opening that was attended by film directors Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino.
Blue Star is a catalyst for the revitalization of the South Alamo neighborhoods that surround the facility. The Blue Star Complex and has been redeveloped as an arts-oriented mixed-use development that includes loft/studio apartments, galleries, retail, performance spaces, artists' work spaces, and design offices. Like many other cities, San Antonio has First Friday art openings where Blue Star essentially acts as the hub of the downtown art walk on the first Friday of every month. In addition, Blue Star is credited with the City of San Antonio's establishment of Contemporary Art Month held annually in July at over 70 venues throughout the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19936315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936315" title="HMS Snowdrop (K67)">
HMS Snowdrop (K67)

HMS "Snowdrop" was a of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War.
She was built at Smiths Dock Co., Ltd. South Bank on Tees and launched on 12 May 1941. She was sold on 17 May 1947 and scrapped on the Tyne in September 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19936384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936384" title="Oreohelix subrudis">
Oreohelix subrudis

Oreohelix subrudis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936388" title="St. Paul's Parish Church">
St. Paul's Parish Church

St. Paul's Parish Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19936393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936393" title="Wingspread Conference on the Precautionary Principle">
Wingspread Conference on the Precautionary Principle

The Wingspread Conference on the Precautionary Principle was a three day academic conference where the precautionary principle was defined. The January 1998 meeting took place at Wingspread, headquarters of the Johnson Foundation in Racine, Wisconsin, and involved 35 scientists, lawyers, policy makers and environmentalists from the United States, Canada and Europe. 
Background.
The formal concept evolved out of the German socio-legal tradition in the 1930s, centering on the concept of good household management. In German the concept is "Vorsorgeprinzip", which translates into English as "precaution principle".
Many of the concepts underpinning the precautionary principle pre-date the term's inception. For example, the essence of the principle is captured in a number of cautionary aphorisms such as "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure", "better safe than sorry", and "look before you leap". The precautionary principle may also be interpreted as the evolution of the ancient medical principle of "first, do no harm" to apply to institutions and institutional decision-making processes rather than individuals.
Final statement.
In the final text of the agreement, it was agreed that the precautionary principle could be summarized as
cv 
When an activity raises threats of harm to human health or the environment, precautionary measures should be taken even if some cause and effect relationships are not fully established scientifically.
The members also concluded that current environmental policies do not do enough to prevent environmental disasters instead of controlling damage after an incident.
Follow up committees.
The February 2, 2000 European Commission Communication on the Precautionary Principle notes: "The precautionary principle applies where scientific evidence is insufficient, inconclusive or uncertain and preliminary scientific evaluation indicates that there are reasonable grounds for concern that the potentially dangerous effects on the environment, human, animal or plant health may be inconsistent with the high level of protection chosen by the EU".
The January 29, 2000 Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety says: "Lack of scientific certainty due to insufficient relevant scientific information ... shall not prevent the Party of import, in order to avoid or minimize such potential adverse effects, from taking a decision, as appropriate, with regard to the import of the living modified organism in question."

</doc>
<doc id="19936422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936422" title="Saucillo Municipality">
Saucillo Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 28,508 . 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 168 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936431" title="Mermaid Got Married">
Mermaid Got Married

Mermaid Got Married (人魚傳說) is a 1994 Hong Kong fantasy-romantic comedy film directed by Norman Law Man, starring Ekin Cheng, Christy Chung and Takeshi Kaneshiro. Based on the US film "Splash", the plot involves a mermaid from under the sea who travels on to land and falls in love with a human man.
Plot.
In the opening scene, a young boy named Chi is on a boat with his mother and her boyfriend. He falls overboard and almost drowns because he cannot swim. However he ends up on a beach, and claims that he was rescued by a "big fish".
Years later, Chi (Ekin Cheng) has grown up but still has a fear a water due to the accident. He has become a teacher, and obtains a new job at a local high school. Students are drawn to him because of his youth and good looks. Despite his attempts to be professional, he is aggressively flirted with by Kiki (Teresa Mak), a popular girl who has the nickname "Princess". This makes Kenji (Takeshi Kaneshiro), Kiki's on-again-off-again boyfriend, jealous.
One day Chi brings his class on a field trip to the docks. During an altercation he is pushed into the water, sinks and loses consciousness. He is rescued by an orange-tailed mermaid (Christy Chung), who takes him to shore. She is the same mermaid that rescued him when they were young, and due to this second meeting believes they were destined to meet. She releases a magic pearl from her stomach, which she uses to revive a still unconscious Chi. She is interrupted when people approach and flees in a panic. Chi accidentally swallows the pearl and wakes up, thinking that he was merely swept to shore by the water. The mermaid attempts to swim home, but discovers that she can't without her pearl. She decides to find Chi, knowing that she can pass as human with legs as long as she doesn't get wet.
The mermaid tracks Chi down to his school, and there she is mistaken for a worker's niece, "Siu May". She is befriended by Kiki and attends the school as a student. Although Siu May can walk on legs, she must bathe every so often to "recharge". One of these sessions takes place in the girl's bathroom, and her large tail is accidentally seen by Miss Yuen (King-Tan Yuen), a teacher, who faints in shock. Siu May's secret is also discovered by Kenji, who promises to help keep her hidden, and the two becomes friends. After this encounter Miss Yuen becomes obsessed with finding and catching this "big fish", enlisting the school's principal (Kent Cheng) and other friends to her cause.
Siu May and Chi spend time together and become close. Chi discovers he can swim now, which is due to the pearl in his stomach; he and Siu May swim together in the school pool, with Chi agreeing to be blindfolded when Siu May claims she doesn't have a bathing suit. Siu May decides that the best way to get her pearl back is to kiss him. After a dinner date together eating clams, Siu May gets the chance, but she is so caught up with her new feelings for Chi that she forgets to summon the pearl. On Chi's birthday, he confesses that he has feelings for her, and Siu May protests that he can't, because she is a "fish". Siu May stands under the rain and allows herself to transform into her mermaid shape. Chi falls down in shock, and at that moment Miss Yuen and her colleagues run in and capture Siu May, carrying her away.
Chi, Kenji and Kiki work together to rescue Siu May where she is being imprisoned in a house swimming pool. They are successful, and the next morning return to the docks. Siu May has her pearl now and can return home. Chi and Siu May declare their love for each other, and Chi adds that he'll wait for her. Siu May jumps into the sea, transforms and swims away.
Afterward, Miss Yuen, the principal and group follow Chi around in the hopes of finding Siu May again. One day Chi bumps into a bridesmaid at a wedding, who looks identical to Siu May. The principal takes a hose from a nearby gardener and starts spraying the new girl. She doesn't transform into a mermaid, which makes Miss Yuen and group assume she is not Siu May, so they wander off. But when Chi invites the new girl to eat clams she gets excited and lets slip that she is, indeed, Siu May. The pair embrace.
Soundtrack.
Faye Wong performed two songs for the film:
These songs are released in Faye Wong's 1994 album "Sky".

</doc>
<doc id="19936436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936436" title="Temósachi Municipality">
Temósachi Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,319.
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 421 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936447" title="DB Class V 100">
DB Class V 100

These DB Class V 100 diesel locomotives were produced in the late 1950s by the Deutsche Bundesbahn for non-electrified branch lines as a replacement for steam locomotives. The V 100 class was built as two different versions.
Decommissioned locomotives were also used in Austria by the Austrian Federal Railways during the 1990s and early 2000s, where they were registered as ÖBB Class 2048
Class V 100.10 / Class 211.
The Class V 100.10 was a diesel locomotive for light passenger and goods traffic on branch lines. It was developed in 1956 by the Bundesbahn Central Office in Munich together with the engineering works, Maschinenbau Kiel (MaK), for the Deutsche Bundesbahn.
In the late autumn of 1958 the first six trials engines were delivered. Numbers V 100 001 to 005 were fitted with a 809 kW (1,100 HP) motor, but number V 100 006 was given a 993 kW (1,350 HP) motor. The latter formed the basis for the V 100.20, later DB Class 212. Number V 100 007 was built by MaK as the seventh trial engine and tested in Sweden; it was sold in 1959 to the Deutsche Bundesbahn. In 1960, the prototype series, numbers 001 to 005 and 007 were renumbered to V 100 1001 to 1005 and 1007 in order to better distinguish them from the more powerful V 100 006. In 1961 the production series was started, the run lasting until 1963. As well as MaK, the firms of Deutz, Maschinenfabrik Esslingen, Henschel, Jung, Krauss-Maffei and Krupp were involved in building the locomotives.
As part of the renumbering of locomotives by the Deutsche Bundesbahn in 1968, the V 100.10 was redesignated as DB Class 211. The Deutsche Bahn AG inherited the locomotives in 1994.
After almost 40 years service the last engine was withdrawn in 2001.
Class V 100.20 / Classes 212 and 213.
The DB Class V 100.20 (later Class 212) is a more powerful variant of the V 100. It was based on the prototype V 100 006, which from 1960 was renumbered to V 100 2001. It went into series production in 1962 and, unlike the V 100.10 which was employed on branch line service, it was also intended for main line duties and ramps. Up to 1966 a total of 381 examples entered service. The Class 212 is 12.1 metres long (from no. 022: 12.3 m) and weighs 63 tonnes. Its top speed is 100 km/h and its engine generates 993 kW (1,350 PS).
Ten locomotives from the last batch of 150 engines were additionally equipped with stronger brakes and modified drives and were employed on ramps. These locomotives, originally numbered V 100 2332 to 2341 were reclassified in 1968 as DB Class 213. They replaced the steam locomotives of Class 82 and 94 on the "Murg Valley Railway" and in the "Westerwald". In the Murg Valley they were replaced in their turn in 1972 by the DB Class 218.
The last Class 212 was withdrawn from normal service in 2004, some have been preserved or found use with private firms.
Locomotives of the tunnel rescue train - Class 214/714.
Due to the many tunnels on the new railway line from Würzburg to Hanover, special rescue vehicles were needed. The Bundesbahn developed the Tunnel Emergency Train ("Tunnelhilfszug" or "TuHi") as an external rescue system. In May 1988 the first "TuHi" went into service at Fulda. Diesel engine 212 244-8 was used as Locomotive 1 and 212 257-0 as Locomotive 2. The Würzburg "TuHi" followed in August 1988 using 212 236-4 as Locomotive 1 and 212 352-9 as Locomotive 2. Number 212 271-1 was held in reserve. All five 212s for "TuHi" were rebuilt between May and August 1988 at AW Kassel. Both "TuHi" are one-way trains, i.e. they can only be used in one direction. They consist of transport wagon 1, the equipment wagon, the fire fighting wagon, the centre wagon, the first aid coach and transport wagon 2. Locos 1 and 2 are also different. Loco 1 has a video and infra-redi camera, two large and two small headlights and yellow flashing lights. Loco 2 does not have an infra-red camera. With effect from 1 January 1989 the five engines of Class 214 were reclassified, retaining their serial numbers. Official all 5 locos are allocated to Bw Würzburg. Both engines with the Fulda "TuHi" had "Bw Fulda" incorrectly painted on them.
On 29 May 1991 the Federal President, Richard von Weizsäcker, gave the starting signal at Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe to announce that the new Hannover–Würzburg and Mannheim–Stuttgart high-speed railways were now fully in service. That meant four more locations for "TuHi" were required. In addition to Fulda and Würzburg, "TuHi" also had to be stationed at Kornwestheim, Mannheim, Kassel and Hildesheim. The "TuHi" in Fulda had to be organised as a bidirectional train, so that it could be used in the Würzburg and Kassel directions. To make this possible, another first aid coach has been inserted behind transport wagon 1. By stationing a "TuHi" at Hildesheim Hbf and Kassel Hbf both directions of the high-speed link can be traversed via link lines. For that reason a unidirectional train is sufficient here. Between August 1990 and April 1991 eight more 212 or 214s were modified at AW Bremen und AW Kassel for the four other "TuHi". Locomotives 212 033, 212 046, 212 235, 212 245, 212 246, 212 251, 212 260 and 212 277 were converted to Class 214, all retaining their original serial numbers. There is no difference any longer between locos 1 and 2, in order to be able to exchange them more easily, which is always necessary when carrying out routine maintenance. The former locomotive 2's from Würzburg and Fulda were fitted with the missing infra-red cameras in 1991 at AW Kassel. The cooling of the infra-red cameras is achieved now using the usual liquid air cylinders, which were swapped for the previously used liquid nitrogen flasks.
After the serious train accident on 15 November 1992 at Northeim, when no "TuHi" was used, a new concept for rescue operations was introduced. Once the "TuHi" also became available for deployment away from the high-speed railway they became known as “emergency trains” ("Rettungszüge " or "Rtz"). All 13 engines of Class 214 were redesignated by the DB AG on 31 October 1994 to railway works vehicles of Class 714. Again the running numbers were retained. On 1 August 1996, however, they were given sequential numbers within Class 714, from 001 to 013. The locomotive with the lowest original number became 001 and the one with the highest became 013.
Because only one reserve locomotive is available, DB AG converted another two engines in 1996/97 at Stendal: numbers 212 269 became 714 014 and 212 160 became 714 015. In addition to the renumbering, the "TuHi"/"Rtz" locos changed their livery. The first five "TuHi" locos still had the classic ocean blue and beige livery, the later eight engines were painted orient red. To achieve greater recognisability against the emergency wagon, the locos were painted in luminous red. Numbers 714 003, 714 008, 714 009, 714 011, 714 014 and 714 015 have this livery, as do the wagons in the "Rtz" at Würzburg, Fulda and Hildesheim. Due to the rapid fading of the luminous red paint, all engines and wagons were subsequently repainted in traffic red. The inscription on the locomotives remains confusing. There are the white letters "Rtz", the DB insignia with white writing "Netz Notfalltechnik", and the DB sign with white lettering "Notfalltechnik". All 15 engines of Class 714 belong to DB Netz, central route management/railway vehicles at Fulda. From there the disposition of the engines is controlled and they are regularly changed over under a rolling programme.
Use after 2004.
With the withdrawal of the last Class 212 locomotives used by Railion on 13 December 2004 the employment of the V100 by the DB was largely over. Still in service, apart from the 15 tunnel rescue locos of Class 714, are just four engines of Classes 212 and 213 with the DB subsidiary, Deutsche Bahn Gleisbau (DBG), and one Class 213 engine with another subsidiary SüdostBayernBahn (mothballed in November 2006).
However in October 2006 12 retired 212s were transferred to Aw. Cottbus for a general inspection with the aim of reactivating them for DB Services. By the end of 2008 10 locomotives had been equipped with the MTU 8V 4000 R41 engine (1000 kW), which is similar to that on the Class 290/294.
Many locos from the Deutsche Bahns fleet were sold as part of a joint venture with Alstom to the "Alstom Lokomotiven Service" in Stendal. There the engines were systematically rebuilt and sold to interested parties, such as private railways, in Germany and abroad.
Some locomotives have found use with private operators, in particular: rail infrastructure firms.
Rebuilt locomotives.
Class 214/262.
In November 2006 Alstom and the Gmeinder Lokomotivfabrik Mosbach developed a modernisation concept for the locomotives of the former DB Class V 100. The prototype 214 110 was presented at the “Transport & Logistik München” in June 2007, numbered as 212 197 with the Nordbayerischen Eisenbahn (NBE). The classification was confirmed by the railway federal office in 20.05.2008, at the same time the Class 214 was specified in the EBA locomotive register. For the conversion only the locomotive frame and bogies of the V 100 were used. The low superstructure was completely new and more box like. The engines are driven by a new Caterpillar motor, 3508 BSC (970 kW). The DB classified the locos it hires out as Class 262. Eleven locomotives were delivered by August 2008 to, amongst others, DB Schenker, the Nordbayerische Eisenbahn, Locon and BBL Logistik. The DB Schenker locos were deployed to Magdeburg. In Stendal there are about 50 old vehicles available for a possible conversion.
OnRail DH 1004.
The OnRail DH 1004 were rebuilt from V 100's in the late 1990s and early 2000s by Vossloh retaining the frame, bogies and transmission but with the engine and bodywork replaced. The locomotives are used at ports and on private railways.
Preservation.
After withdrawal in 2004, 211 023, 212 023 and 212 330 in some units became the property of the Deutsche Bahn's own museum (see Nuremberg Transport Museum). One of the 212 units had been looked after by a group of railway fans for years; having been adopted in 1993 and painted in its historical "purpurrot" livery (Epoch III to Epoch IV) at the general inspections in 1994 and 2000.
All three locomotives were badly damaged as a result of a fire on 17 October 2005 at the museum. In June/July 2006 all the burnt out diesel locomotives in the museum’s ownership were dismantled and scrapped.
An entire range of Class V100 locomotives have been preserved. For example: 211 023-7 (DB Museum), 211 054-2 (Gemeinde Eschenau), 211 079-9 (Hammer EF), 211 200-1 (DGEG), 211 357-9 ("Gesellschaft zur Erhaltung von Schienenfahrzeugen"), 212 001-2 (DB Museum), 212 007-9 (DGEG), 212 009-5 (private), 212 023-6 (DB Museum), 212 062-4 (DB Museum), 212 077-2 (DB Museum), 212 084-8 (DB Museum), 212 133-3 (private), 212 203-4 (private) und 212 372-7 (DB Museum).

</doc>
<doc id="19936463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936463" title="Rungta High School">
Rungta High School

J. S. Rungta High School, established in 1918. It is located near Ashok Stambh.
History.
The school was established in 1918 as New English School and later became J. S. Rungta High School.
Notable alumni.
Noted Marathi playwright Kusumagraj, and cricketers like Bapu Nadkarni and Bal Dani are among alumni of this school. 

</doc>
<doc id="19936467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936467" title="Euchemotrema fraternum">
Euchemotrema fraternum

Euchemotrema fraternum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936480" title="Truth and Justice">
Truth and Justice

Truth and Justice () I-V, written in 1926–1933, is a pentalogy by Anton Hansen Tammsaare, considered to be his most famous work, and one of the foundational works in Estonian literature.
Tammsaare's social epic captured the evolution of Estonia from Tsarist province to independent state. It was based partly on the author's own life and centered on the contrast between the urban middle class and hard-working peasantry. The protagonist, Indrek Paas, moves from a farm to a city, witnesses uprisings and upheavals, tries to find peace in marriage and the middle and upper class life-style, but returns disappointed to his roots for a new start.
Book description.
The book series can be seen as a thorough overview of developments of Estonian society from about 1870 to about 1930; it presents an epic panorama of both the rural and urban societies of that era. Tammsaare's primary conception was that under the then-applicable conditions, reaching a harmony of both truth and justice is impossible, and thus, while many characters will seek it, none will reach this destination.
According to Tammsaare, the first volume of "Truth and Justice" depicts man's struggle with the earth, the second with God, the third with society, the fourth with himself and the fifth ends with resignation. Tammsaare's view was skeptical, in general he saw things as a natural scientist would, his approach being biological rather than psychological. Although the work was deeply rooted in Estonian life, it dealt with many contemporary literary and philosophical issues. With "Truth and Justice" Tammsaare gained a reputation as one of the most original thinkers and novelists in northern Europe. The last two volumes especially contained more reasoning on the struggle for truth and justice than autobiographical material.
In "Truth and Justice" Tammsaare draws an ironic portrait of urban intellectuals who have absorbed the middle and upper classes mores and abandoned their moral principles. The novel was written in a time which saw the rise of dictators - Adolf Hitler, Joseph Stalin, Benito Mussolini - and the decline of truth and justice. Indrek, the protagonist, is not a man of action, but through his life story Tammsaare examines the same humanistic ideals of the early 20th century as Romain Roland, Thomas Mann and John Galsworthy do in their works. In the first part Indrek is actually a minor character, while the protagonist is his father, Andres Paas with his first wife Krõõt, who dies after giving birth to their first son. Andres, who wants to defend what he considers right, eventually loses his vision of right and wrong, and manages to cheat his archenemy, Pearu. In the second part Indrek enters a private school in a town, actually Tartu, although Tammsaare doesn't mention its name. Indrek falls in love with Ramilda, the daughter of the school director. She dies of tuberculosis and Indrek renounces God, publishing an article in the school paper which gets him expelled from school. In the third part Indrek participates in the revolutionary events of 1905 but is terrified by its frenzy. The fourth part is set in independent Estonia. Indrek has married Karin; they have two children. After he finds out that Karin has been unfaithful, he nearly kills her. Indrek is released on probation. Karin dies in a traffic accident. In the fifth part Indrek returns to his native village.
Part One.
Volume I gives a generalized overview of life in Estonian village and farmers battle against nature in the last quarter of 19th century.
From a great number of characters, two stand out. Two contrasting men – unique and powerful types, each of whom manifests the characteristics of the Estonian peasant. The whole character of Vargamäe Andres and his destiny is deeply elaborated artistic generalization of the individual peasant's life and struggle under harsh conditions in North-Estonian rural landscape.
After arriving to his new home, Andres finds himself next to a devious neighbor Tagapere Pearu. At first Andres doesn’t take Pearu’s tricks too seriously, but soon Pearu turns out to be as persistent in his grit as Andres is in hard work, and Andres starts to become more and more stern. He starts to fight Pearu with his own means but the tragic mistakes in his own personal life he is unable to fix. Soon Andres becomes more of a somber despot than Pearu ever was. As he sees his ideals failing, Andres searches consolation in Bible but becomes more and more self-contained. Pearu on the other hand seems to enjoy an easygoing life. 1905 revolution affects Andres and his family in horrible ways. Now Andres also loses faith in God.
Part Two.
The action, based largely on the author’s own memories, takes place in the private grammar school of Mr. Maurus in the early years of the 20th century. The main hero, Indrek, son of Andres, is a young man from the country who comes to town to study. In Maurus’ school he meets a colorful variety of teachers and students of different nations and becomes familiar with new ideas and ways. He is much influenced by the radical opinions of some of the teachers, as well as by the manipulations of Maurus, whom he later blames for having taught him how to tell lies.
The second part of “Truth and Justice” has often been named “man’s battle with God”. Indrek, having come from a strong religious background of rural regions of the time, starts questioning the existence of God. He falls deeply in love with Maurus’ only daughter Ramilda, and when she dies of tuberculosis, Indrek renounces God, publishing an article in the school paper, which gets him expelled.
Part Three.
Volume III deals with 1905-1907 revolution. It conveys moods of masses and episodes of fight. On the decisive moment of the revolution, the main character Indrek remains a bystander.
Part Four.
Fourth book is a story about the basic conflict between husband and wife, man and woman, during the early years of the Estonian Republic. A decade has passed since the end of the First World War and the Estonian War of Independence, and people of the new republic try to follow the European trends, sometimes forgetting the old traditions. It is a world of freedom and democracy, but also a world of mortgages, real-estate and fishy business affairs.
While Karin, Indrek's wife, wishes to be a part of the rising middle and upper class society, Indrek thinks that salvation and meaning of life can be found only in hard work. The inability of husband and wife to understand each other creates a dramatic conflict with unexpectedly tragic consequences.
Although written in the beginning of 1930s, the story appears incredibly up-to-date in today’s Estonia.
Part Five.
In part five, events take place on the countryside once more. Here the life is being observed roughly half a century after the events in the first book. In a simple lifestyle and hard work, the protagonist can finally rediscover his inner balance.
Notable characters.
Pearu.
Andres’ nemesis Pearu is not evil in his heart. Though he is restless in harassing his neighbour and is motivated by jealousy and need to compete, he has also a brighter side - he can be kind, friendly and grand. He enjoys life as a game, bickering and contest. Right and wrong, good and evil, truth and lie are only means in the game of swank.
Mister Maurus.
Mister Maurus (, also "Papa Maurus") is an archetypal school teacher character, inspired by Hugo Treffner.
The character appears primarily in the second part of Tammsaare's pentalogy.

</doc>
<doc id="19936543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936543" title="Mutluru">
Mutluru

Mutluru is one of the largest villages in the Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh, India. It has a population of around 20,000 as of 2007 and is part of the Vatticherukuru mandal area. Mutluru is south of Guntur, the district's capital. Politically, it comes under Prathipadu constituency. 
Many streets are named for villagers' surnames. The main center includes a market, boddurai center (Telugu: బొడ్డు రాయి సెంటర్), mahalakshmi tree center, gandhi bomma, mala palle (Telugu: మాల పల్లె) and madiga palle (Telugu: మాదిగ పల్లె). 
There are five water ponds: two for drinking, one for fish breeding, and two remain unused. Nehru park is at the center of the village.
Villagers.
People live in groups according to caste. 
The primary occupation of the local villagers is farming, with many being daily wage farm labourers. The main types of agriculture are paddy, chili, cotton, peanut, red gram, black gram, green gram, and other vegetable farms.
There are a few small companies in the village. 
Sewing polyester bags is a substantial part-time business for the village, which exports large rain protective sheets to various parts of the state.
Education.
The main education facilities are the NTRZPH school, St.Xaviers school, Little Flower Convent and two other high schools. The three libraries in the village are Gram Panchayati, Arya Samaj and another local library.
Temples.
Saibaba temple, Siva temple, Rama Temple, Vishnu Temple, Anjaneya temple, Grama devata temple, Church , and masid
Health.
One primary health care center and two private clinics as well as various medical practitioners provide medical services.
Transportation.
One can get to the village using public transportation provided by Andhra Pradesh State Road Transportation Corporate (APSRTC) from Guntur and Tenali. There are also auto rickshaw services available from Chebrolu. 

</doc>
<doc id="19936555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936555" title="Praticolella berlandieriana">
Praticolella berlandieriana

Praticolella berlandieriana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936585" title="Isodar">
Isodar

Isodar is a theory of habitat selection in population biology proposed by Douglas W. Morris. The theory underscores the importance of the abundance and thus competition between the members of the same species in selecting habitats. The name "isodar" stems from "iso" in Latin meaning same and "dar" from Darwin.
Animals displaying an ideal free distribution distribute themselves among patches (sources of a resource) in such a way that each individual get the same amount of the resource. For example, if food is twice as abundant in habitat A compared to habitat B, the ideal free distribution-based model would predict that there will accordingly be twice as many animals competing for food in habitat A compared to habitat B. If the total number of animals is considered to be variable, there are two ways this can be plotted on a two-dimensional Cartesian graph. One way is to plot two lines on a graph of fitness vs. density of individuals. This graph can be used to predict the density of individuals at any given level of fitness. The second is to plot the density of individuals in habitat A vs. the density of individuals in habitat B when the fitness of all individuals is equal. The line in this second graph is an isodar line.
An isodar, or habitat isodar, is a theory in evolutionary ecology developed in the late 1980s by Douglas W. Morris. Isodars model density-dependent habitat selection for one or two species in two habitats according to the ideal free and ideal despotic distributions. Isodar is a two-part word: "iso" meaning equal in Latin; "dar" for Darwinian evolution, and is defined as "all combinations of population densities in habitats A and B such that both habitats offer the same fitness reward."
Ideal free isodars predict that a species density in habitat A will increase linearly with its density in habitat B so that each individual in the species has the same fitness. If habitat A has higher quality resources than habitat B, then proportionately more individuals would be in habitat A then in habitat B. This can be shown on either a Fitness-Density graph (Figure 1) or a graph of density in two habitats (Figure 2).
Figure 1. Fitness of individuals by density in habitat A and habitat B. According to the ideal free distribution, individuals will equalize between habitat A and habitat B so that each individual has the same fitness. According to this example, habitat A will always have more individuals than habitat B.
Figure 2. A habitat isodar for one species in two habitats. The species always prefers habitat A over habitat B. At low density, individuals will move into habitat A. As density increases, individuals will equalize fitness by dispersing to habitat B. However, habitat A will increase by double the amount as habitat B. The straight line represents equal fitness in both habitats.
Isodars can also be used to study density-dependent habitat selection between two species competing for two habitats. Species will equilibrate between the two habitats two maintain equal fitness within their own species and avoid competition with the other species. 
Isodars have also been used to show the effect of human habitat selection on biodiversity.

</doc>
<doc id="19936589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936589" title="There It Is (song)">
There It Is (song)

"There It Is" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine, features Mint Condition (only as a band, the first song that Mint Condition produce for other artist and didn't features Stokley as a lead vocalist). It was the lead single for his third album "The Life". It peaked inside the Top 20 on the R&B chart but on the lower register of the Hot 100 pop chart. Due to the content of the song (the use of the word "shit" in the bridge and chorus), a clean version tailor made for radio play although only the original content was released on the album. The narrator describes how he works hard and pays the bills to provide a lifestyle for his live-in lover who does not have a job, but she does not show appreciation for what he does.
Single track listing.
CD single
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19936593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936593" title="Colegio Nacional de San Isidro">
Colegio Nacional de San Isidro

The Colegio Nacional de San Isidro (CNSI) is a public institution of secondary education located in San Isidro, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
It opened in March 1916, by a decree approving the plan for it, and was officially founded on May 10, 1916, under the name of "Escuela Intermedia de San Isidro" (literally: Intermediate School of San Isidro), by a decree signed by Dr. Victorino de la Plaza, the President of the Argentine Nation, and Dr. Carlos Saavedra Lamas, the Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, at that time. This decree appointed Dr. José María Pirán as pro bono Principal (in Spanish: "Director ad honorem"). After one year, the name of the school was changed to "Colegio Nacional San Isidro", upon the passing of the new Budget Law of 1917, and a decree dated May 11 of 1917, signed by President Dr. Hipólito Yrigoyen and José C. Salinas, Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, appointed Dr. José María Pirán as the Principal (in Spanish: "Rector"), as well as appointing the Treasurer and several professors, by name.
Location.
It is located at 165 Acassuso (the address in Spanish would show the street number last), in San Isidro City, Buenos Aires Province, near the San Isidro Cathedral. It is within walking distance to stops from bus lines 203, 333, 365, 168 and 707, to the San Isidro train station of the "Mitre" line (Actual Tba Company) or the Tren de la Costa. It is nearby the two main arteries, Del Libertador Av. and Centenario Av., that connect the northern suburbs of Greater Buenos Aires with the downtown federal district.
Admission exam.
Every year, students who are interested in entering the Nacional San Isidro must attend a three-month-long admission course that meets daily. In this course, students are assessed in four different areas: Mathematics, Geography, Linguistics and History. This course is similar to the admission courses from the renowned Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires and Escuela Superior de Comercio Carlos Pellegrini. The average of all assessments is computed as the final grade for the course, and the top 500 students are admitted, though the passing grade is 4 (on a scale of 1-10). An average of about 1500 enroll in the admission course each year. The top 10 can choose the shift they will attend (morning or afternoon). The remaining 490 students are assigned a shift by means of a public drawing. However, students with a brother or sister enrolled in the school can choose the same shift as their sibling and avoid having to draw for a shift.
Curriculum.
The "C.N.S.I." is the only public high school in Argentina (excepting the Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires) that is not officially part of the Education System made by the Ministry of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19936599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936599" title="Sudanese American">
Sudanese American

Sudanese Americans are Americans of North Sudanese ancestry, or North Sudanese who have American citizenship. Sudanese Americans may also include children born in United States to an American (or of other origin) parent and Sudanese parent. Many Sudanese emigrated to United States in the 1990s as war refugees, escaping of civil war in Sudan.
In the 2012 American Community Survey, 48,763 people identified themselves as Sudanese or Sudanese Americans who—or whose ancestors—have emigrated from their native land to the U.S. in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. 
History.
With the Civil War in Sudan, in 1983, many Sudanese and South Sudanese were settled in refugee camps in other neighboring African countries (Egypt, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda). Since 1990, Sudanese refugees in these camps have been accepted in the United States. So, most of the refugees from Sudan arrived the United States after 1991, although most them hailed from South Sudan (who arrived to this country, basically, from 2001, although also were established there some Sudanese refugee communities from North Sudan).
Demography.
Now it is calculated that over 30,000 Sudanese and South Sudanese refugees of the civil war in Sudan living in United States, mainly in Omaha, Nebraska, where living over 9,000 Sudanese (both Sudanese and South Sudanese). Political dissidents in Northern Sudan emigrated fleeing of oppressive Muslim fundamentalist regime in Khartoum. Many of them migrated to refugee camps of neighboring countries, especially Ethiopia, to escape forced conscription or lesser extent, religious persecution, directed specifically against Bahaiism. Since this camps, many them are accepted in United States. Sudanese or South Sudanese came to America from the different parts of Sudan due also to political disagreements, educational and vocation opportunities or for family reunification.
The largest Sudanese communities (whether from North or South Sudan, as there are no websites or other sources that distinguish the two groups yet regarding to his demographics in United States except in the sources referred to Omaha) in the 2000 census were New York City, Detroit, Des Moines (in Iowa ), Alexandria (Virginia) in the Washington DC metropolitan area, Los Angeles and San Diego. Sudanese Americans communities also are found in others cities such as Greensboro, NC, Dallas, TX, Flint, MI, Washington Metropolitan Area and many other cities. So, the states of Virginia, Washington, Maryland, California, Idaho, Minnesota and North Carolina have the largerst Sudanese populations of United States.
However, and although these cities may have North or South Sudanese communities, we known that, al least since 1997, many Sudanese people (both North and South Sudanese) living in Omaha (Nebraska). So, in Omaha have been established communities people from Sudan's Central provinces from the Nuba Mountains and Darfur, in addition of other Sudanese immigrants that also were established there.
The most of North Sudanese Americans are Muslims. Sudanese Americans consider themselves Arab American.
Health Care.
Most Sudanese established in the U.S., have numerous difficulties in accessing health care, although in varying degrees depending on factors such as educational level and having obtained the biomedical care in Sudan. In the linguistic and educational differences are added factors such as the discrepancy of name and date of birth, and a general lack of prior medical documentation, causing confusion in the income of the American health or arrival at hopitales.
No care or checkups in Sudan, immigrants from this country are found with medical conditions unknown to them. Many Sudanese have diabetes, hypertension, food allergies, severe cases of depression, loss of vision and hearing, parasitism and dental problems, although its feeding change in US.
In addition, they often leave their medication when symptoms resolve, not completing therapy.
Organizations.
Sudanese Americans (whether from North or South Sudan) created several associations. So, because of the great difficulties faced by Sudanese in United States, such as language and skill, was founded the New Sudan-American Hope (NSAH) in 1999 by a group of Sudanese from Rochester, Minnesota, to help Sudanese refugees. So, help with various aspects of relocation. Almost a decade later and with members from diverse backgrounds, NSAH still helps refugees in Rochester and also is a source of education about the consequences of the war in Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="19936600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936600" title="Pretty (advertisement)">
Pretty (advertisement)

Pretty (or I Feel Pretty) is a television advertisement launched in 2006 by Nike, Inc. to promote its Nike Women brand of sportswear. The 60-second spot was handled by advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy in Portland, Oregon. The advert stars Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova in her first appearance as a spokesperson for the brand. "Pretty" debuted on U.S. television on August 20, 2006, with later appearances in cinemas and in print advertisements. It was directed by Czech director Ivan Zacharias, with post-production and VFX work by The Mill. 
The piece was a critical and popular success. It garnered several prestigious awards from the advertising and television industries, including two Cannes Gold Lions and a Gold Effie Award.
Sequence.
"Pretty" follows a day in the life of Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova. It shows her getting ready, leaving The Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and travelling by limousine to a match at New York City's Arthur Ashe Stadium pursued by paparazzi. Every person she passes on the way sings a line from "I Feel Pretty", a song performed by the character Maria in the second act of the stage musical "West Side Story". She arrives at the game, where fellow players, reporters, camera crew, the ball boys and girls, announcers, and umpire sing the chorus along with the crowd, until silenced by a powerful return ace from Sharapova. The ad ends with a superimposition of the Nike Swoosh and the strapline "Just Do It" over Sharapova as she gets into position for the next serve.
Background.
The advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy began its partnership with Nike, Inc. in 1982 and, aside from a short period in the mid-1980s, has held the account ever since. In the early years of the partnership, campaigns were focused almost exclusively at male demographics, leaving the market for women's sportswear to rivals such as Reebok and LA Gear. The few campaigns targeted by Nike at women in the 1980s, including one with the copy line "It wouldn't hurt to stop eating like a pig, either.", had not proved particularly effective. Despite more successful efforts in the 1990s, such as the "If You Let Me Play" campaign, Nike decided in 1997 to briefly reassign the section of its marketing budget given to female-oriented promotion from Wieden+Kennedy to rival firm Goodby, Silverstein & Partners. Goodby's brief tenure as lead agency for this area of Nike's marketing saw it reposition the brand, eschewing the use of celebrity athletes in favour of ordinary women. However, the consolidation of Nike's account in 1999 with Wieden+Kennedy marked the return of celebrity endorsements to Nike campaigns, including athletes such as Olympic runner Suzy Favor-Hamilton. "Pretty" continued this trend, and showcased the debut of Maria Sharapova as a spokesperson for the brand.
Maria Sharapova had been playing tennis professionally since 2001, and became the youngest girl to reach the final at the junior Australian Open the following year, at the age of 14. In 2004, Sharapova became the third-youngest winner of the women's Wimbledon Championships. By 2005, she was ranked Number 1 in the world. "Pretty" was filmed and released in the run-up to Sharapova's appearance in the 2006 U.S. Open.
Production.
Production of the commercial began in early 2006. Wieden+Kennedy signed up director Ivan Zacharias, known for his award-winning work on Land Rover's "Born Free" campaign and the Stella Artois pieces "Plague" and "Pilot", to direct "Pretty". Filming was done entirely on location, and the performances by the actors used in the spot were recorded live on set by miniature microphones concealed in their costume. "Pretty" was to be the first time Sharapova would appear in the Nike performance tennis dress she would wear to the U.S. Open. The stadium scene was filmed with only 100 extras, along with Tennis Hall of Fame inductee John McEnroe, his brother and captain of the 2004 U.S. Men's Olympic tennis team, Patrick McEnroe, and two-time tennis Olympic gold medalist Mary Joe Fernandez. The remaining 26,000 members of the crowd were created by The Mill before filming even began, using Massive, and were added to the scene in post production. Flame was used for minor enhancements to the piece, including adding reflections and other cleanup.
Release and reception.
"Pretty" debuted on U.S. television on Sunday August 20, 2006, in a commercial break during Fox's annual Teen Choice Awards ceremony, a week before the start of the 2006 U.S. Open. Its run continued in bursts throughout the remainder of 2006 and the first quarter of 2007. The ad proved fairly popular, and was praised for showing female athletes as strong and self-assured, in direct contrast to an earlier campaign run during the 2004 Summer Olympics which showed Olympic runner Suzy Favor-Hamilton fleeing from a masked killer.
The piece was also critically successful, receiving a number of awards from the advertising and television industries, including two Cannes Gold Lions in the categories of Film and Best Use of Music. It was shortlisted alongside "Paint" (Sony), "Power of Wind" (Epuron) and eventual winner "Evolution" (Dove) for the festival's Grand Prix, regarded as the most prestigious award in the advertising industry. The acceptance of the award for Best Use of Music by art director Mira Kaddoura marked the first time a Lebanese person received a Gold Lion.
Other awards given to the team behind "Pretty" include a Gold Effie Award, A Rosey Award for "Production over $50,000", a Silver from the Art Directors' Annual Awards in the "Over 30 Seconds" category, a Silver in the "Retail" category of the British Television Advertising Awards, and a Bronze Clio Award in the "Apparel/Fashion" category.
Maria Sharapova went on to win the 2006 U.S. Open, and continues to act as a celebrity spokesperson for the Nike brand. In 2008, she was the focus of another Wieden+Kennedy piece entitled "Be Your Own Fan", part of the web-based "Here I Am" advertising campaign, which charts her career to date in animated form.

</doc>
<doc id="19936601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936601" title="New Mexico State Road 12">
New Mexico State Road 12

New Mexico State Road 12 is a primarily west–east state road in western New Mexico. The road is long and runs from U.S. Route 180 west of Reserve to U.S. Route 60 in Datil. State Road 12 is located entirely within Catron County. The road's original alignment ran south from its western terminus to near Mule Creek, but this section was later removed. State Road 12 was paved during the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19936616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936616" title="Urique Municipality">
Urique Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,567. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 857 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936627" title="Uruachi Municipality">
Uruachi Municipality

Uruachi is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Uruachi. The municipality covers an area of 3,058.31 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,934. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 268 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936645" title="Alan G. Gross">
Alan G. Gross

Alan G. Gross (born 1936) is a Professor of Rhetoric and Communication Studies at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities. He has written a number of books, perhaps most well-known being "The Rhetoric of Science" (Harvard University Press, 1990 and 1996). This book was reviewed by the historian and philosopher of science Joseph Agassi. Gross received his Ph.D. in 1962 from Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="19936648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936648" title="Tua Forsström">
Tua Forsström

Tua Forsström (born 2 April 1947 in Porvoo, Eastern Uusimaa) is a Finnish writer who writes in Swedish. She was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1998 for the poetry collection "Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar". 
Forsström's work is known for its engagement with the Finnish landscape, travel and conflicts within relationships. She often uses quotations in her work, sometimes placing them directly into her poems and at other times using them as introductions or interludes in her sequences. She has used quotations from Egon Friedell, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Hermann Hesse and Friedrich Nietszche. In the collection "After Spending a Night Among Horses (Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar)" (1997) Forsström uses quotations from the Andrei Tarkovsky film "Stalker", they are placed as interludes in a sequence of pieces and sit alone on the page, without direct reference to their source on the page, leaving this to a Notes & Quotations section at the end of the book.
She published her first book in 1972, "A Poem about Love and Other Things" ("En dikt om kärlek och annat"). Her breakthrough into the English-speaking world came in 1987 with her sixth collection, "Snow Leopard" ("Snöleopard"), which was translated into the English by David McDuff and published by Bloodaxe Books. In 1990 the book won a Poetry Book Society Translation Award in the United Kingdom. In 2006, "I Studied Once at a Wonderful Faculty" was published by Bloodaxe Books, with translations from David McDuff and Stina Katchadourian. The collection contains "Snow Leopard (Snöleopard)" (1987), "The Parks (Parkerna)" (1992), "After Spending a Night Among Horses (Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar)" (1997) and a new poem sequence called "Minerals".

</doc>
<doc id="19936655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936655" title="Supreme Court of Denmark">
Supreme Court of Denmark

The Supreme Court of Denmark (Danish: Højesteret) is the supreme court and the third and final instance in all civil and criminal cases in Denmark. It is based at Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen which also houses the Danish Parliament.
History.
The Supreme Court was founded on 14 February 1661 by King Frederik III as a replacement of King Christian IV's "King's Court" (da. "Kongens Retterting"). It was based at first Copenhagen Castle later Christiansborg Palace, which was built in its place on the same site at Slotsholmen, and originally consisted of 30 justices. From its foundation and until the adoption of the Constitution of 1849, the king was the formal head of the Supreme Court but he only attended the first meeting each year and an office as "justitiarius"was therefore instituted as early as 1674 (from 1919 with title of President).
After the 1794 Fire of the Christiansborg Palace, the Supreme Court moved first to "Prinsens Palæ" (until 1754), now housing the National Museum of Denmark, and then to the Prince's Mansion, one of the four mansions of Amalienborg Palace (1854/ndash;1864), before moving back to Slotsholmen. After the fire of the second Christianborg Palace in 1884 the Supreme Court had to move once again and was vased at "Bernstorffs Palæ" in Bredgade until 1919 when it could move back to the present Christiansborg Palace.
Function.
The Supreme Court functions as a civil and criminal appellate court for cases from the subordinate courts. Since a decision cannot normally be appealed more than once, County Court cases rarely reach Supreme Court-level, though this may be the case if the independent Board of Appeals grants a leave of appeal.
As its name indicates, the Supreme Court is the highest Court in the Kingdom of Denmark and its judgments cannot be appealed to another Danish court. It is split into two chambers which both hear all types of cases. A case is heard by at least five judges. In all, the court consists of normally 15 judges and a President.
Unlike criminal cases in the lower courts, the Supreme Court does not deal with the issue of guilt. However, the basis on which the lower court reached its verdict may be brought into consideration and edited. In criminal trials by jury in the first instance, the defence may appeal on grounds of judicial error regarding the judges' direction to the jury (the summing-up of the theoretical foundations, which should be taken into consideration when the jurors deliberate).

</doc>
<doc id="19936691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936691" title="Matachí Municipality">
Matachí Municipality

Matachí is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Matachí. The municipality covers an area of 829.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,169. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 28 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19936710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936710" title="Lobosculum pustula">
Lobosculum pustula

Lobosculum pustula is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936731" title="Grădinaru">
Grădinaru

Grădinaru is a Romanian surname, meaning "the gardener", with the senses of horticulturalist or vegetable gardener often implied depending on the historical profession of the particular family line. It is often found among Romanians with Bulgarian gardener ancestry.
People named Grădinaru:

</doc>
<doc id="19936740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936740" title="Bitten (film)">
Bitten (film)

Bitten is a 2008 low budget black comedy vampire film that stars Jason Mewes, as a paramedic who rescues Danika, a female vampire, from an alley way.
Plot.
Jack, a paramedic, is frustrated with his life after he breaks up with his girlfriend. He discovers a girl (Danika) in an alley way covered in blood, clinging to life. Jack takes Danika in and soon discovers that she is a vampire.
Jack and Danika try to find a way to feed her cravings to drink blood while killing as little as possible. All their attempts end without success because a vampire needs fresh human blood. Jack also must find places to hide the bodies in his apartment, including the body of his ex-girlfriend, who had gone to his apartment to reclaim several of her possessions before Danika had bitten and killed her. Jack discovers upon his ex-girlfriend's corpse reanimating into a vampire (and having to kill her when she attacks him in a rage) that only a stab to the heart will kill a vampire.
When Danika becomes more violent, killing several people, including a young woman, Jack is forced to kill her with the help of his paramedic co-worker and friend, who stabs Danika in the heart while she attacks Jack, and succeeds in killing her, but not before Jack is bitten, leaving Jack's fate to be unknown during the final credits and an out-take sequence. However, we then see that Jack has become a vampire, apparently cared for by his co-paramedic, who is feeding him from a dish of blood.
Release.
It aired on Sci Fi Channel on March 15, 2009 and was released on DVD on July 6, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19936744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936744" title="Charles Brigham">
Charles Brigham

Charles Brigham (June 21, 1841 – July 1925) was an American architect based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Life.
Brigham was born, raised, and educated in Watertown, Massachusetts schools and graduated at age 15 in 1856 in the first class of Watertown High School. He had no formal education in architecture.
He apprenticed to the Boston architect Gridley J.F. Bryant. Brigham served as a sergeant in the Union Army during the American Civil War, then began work for John Hubbard Sturgis. His 1866 partnership with Sturgis lasted 20 years, and resulted in the original building for the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. 
Brigham subsequently designed the 1898 annex to the Massachusetts State House in Boston, the 1906 The First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, and many residential buildings especially in the Boston Back Bay and Newport Rhode Island. 
Brigham's work reflects the eclecticism and historicism prevalent in the last quarter of the 19th century, initiating fusion of the complex eclectic references of the English Queen Anne revival with American colonial design. The resulting coastal New England houses of the 1880s by Brigham and other Boston architects defined the shingle style in one of the most original and distinguished epochs of American architectural history, from which other notable architects, such as Henry Hobson Richardson, emerged. He also designed the Watertown town seal.

</doc>
<doc id="19936750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936750" title="Naksansa">
Naksansa

Naksansa or Naksan Temple is a Korean Buddhist temple complex in the Jogye order of Korean Buddhism that stands on the slopes of Naksan Mountain (also called "Obongsan Mountain"). It is located about midway between Sokcho and Yangyang, Gangwon Province, eastern region of South Korea. Naksansa is one of the few temples in Korea to overlook the Sea of Japan (East Sea). 
Naksan is an abbreviated term of "Botarakgasan" () in Korean that refers to Mount Potalaka, the place where the Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva is believed to live. Thus, Naksan Mountain is also known as Korea's Mount Potalaka. The Bodhisattva is said to live on a sea-bound island along with guardian dragons. Naksansa is regarded as one of the great eight scenic areas in the Eastern region of Korea, known as "Gwandong Palgyeong" (관동팔경).
History.
Naksansa was founded in 671, by the Buddhist monk, Uisang Daesa (Grand Master Uisang), an ambassador of the 30th King Munmu of the Silla Period (BC 57-AD 935) after he had returned from studying abroad during the Chinese Tang Dynasty, who, while meditating near the cave in which the Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva (Gwaneumbosal) was believed to have lived, was told by the Bodhisattva to build the temple there.
Today, the octagonal Uisangdae Pavilion sits on the spot where Uisang once meditated, the current pavilion having been built in 1925.
Treasures.
Mount Naksan is crowned by the Buddhist statue of Haesugwaneumsang (해수관음입상, Bodhisattva of Mercy), known as the goddess Gwanseum-Bosal, facing southeast standing 15 meters (49 ft) high on a 2.8-meter (9 ft) high pedestal. The white granite statue stands in a clearing at the top of the hill, eyes and fingers closed in peaceful meditation as it gazes out to sea. The massive statue is the work of Busan sculptor Gwon Jeong-hwan (권정환) and was dedicated in 1977. 700 tons of granite and six months were required to complete the sculpture. It is the largest Buddhist statue of its kind in the Orient.
Hongreanam was built by Uisang as a Hermitage above a stone cave. In the sanctuary floor there is a 10-centimeter (4 in) opening through which you can see the sea below.
Naksansa's seven storied stone pagoda, Naksansa Chilcheung Seoktap (Seven storied stone pagoda in Naksansa Temple) built in 1467, the 13th year of the reign of King Sejo, is Treasure No.499. During a repair, it is said that a Buddhist rosary and a magic bead were sealed inside the pagoda. The seven storied stone pagoda is an example of the Goryeo style pagoda having a single square foundation. The square foundation on this pagoda is carved with 24 lotus petals. Of special note is a stone prop in each story, which is larger and thicker than its body stone. The pagoda is formed with thin eaves, a straight slope, and upward edges. On the finial, around the long thin, bronze rod are ornaments similar to those in Lama pagoda of Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368) in China. Mostly it follows the rather simple style of the Goryeo pagodas though.
2005 fire and reconstruction.
Most of Naksansa was destroyed by a fire that started in the surrounding forest on April 5, 2005. The temple bell, a national treasure dated 15th century, was also melted and destroyed in the fire. The museum displays a violin and cello built from wood found on the temple grounds that survived the fire.
The temple was earlier destroyed by fire during the Mongolian invasion of the 13th century. During the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) the temple was repeatedly reconstructed and expanded by royal order in 1467, 1469, 1631 and 1643. The pre-2005 fire facilities were constructed in 1953 after the buildings were again destroyed during the 1950-53 Korean War.
Present reconstruction is well under way as can be seen in the gallery below. The new construction projects are expected to be completed and the temple fully restored by 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19936759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936759" title="Patera perigraptus">
Patera perigraptus

Patera perigraptus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936761" title="LNFA 2">
LNFA 2

LNFA 2 (initials of Liga Nacional de Fútbol Americano 2) was the name of the second most important american football league in Spain, behind LNFA, and Portugal´s most important at the time.
The league was run by the Spanish Association of American Football ("Agrupación Española de Futbol Americano (AEFA)" in Spanish language). 
It was established in 2004 and folded in 2009.
It was played under nine-man football rules.
Last season (2009).
11 teams divided into two conferences competed in the league's last season, in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="19936789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936789" title="Endel Aruja">
Endel Aruja

Endel Aruja (born 5 July 1911 in Soontaga, Valgamaa, Estonia, died 4 February 2008 in Toronto, Canada) was an Estonian physicist specialising in X-ray crystallography, encyclopedian, librarian, supporter of libraries and a long-term Estonian expatriate activist.
Short biography.
Aruja was initially schooled in his birthplace, Soontaga. For high school and later, university education, he moved to Tartu. After earning his M.Sc., he worked in 1938–1939 as a physics laboratory assistant in the Tallinn Technical University, then moved to England, where he received his PhD in 1943. In 1962, he moved to Canada.
Education.
In 1935, Aruja graduated from the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences at the University of Tartu.
In 1938, Aruja successfully defended his M.Sc. thesis.
In 1939, Aruja was granted a scholarship by the British Council and moved to Cambridge, England, where he received his PhD in physics from the Cambridge University in 1943.
Estonian expatriate activism.
Aruja participated in founding and running of a number of Estonian organisations in England: the London Estonian Society, which he chaired for six years, the Estonian Association of England and the London Estonian House. He was the vice chairman of the organising committee of the 1984 ESTO, which was held in Toronto.
Aruja was an active participant of the Baltic Estonian Council, the Baltic Humanist Association, the Estonian National Fund and the Estonian National Council, and he both edited and distributed periodical publications of these organisations. For this, he set up the publishing house Northern Publications. He's also written a number of Estonia-themed articles for the Encyclopædia Britannica, appearing among contributors of articles such as Estonia: Independence lost.
Most recently, Aruja was the first secretary of the Tartu Institute in Ontario, Canada from its founding in 1972 until 2004.
Book deliveries.
Since 1986, Aruja had been organising supplies Estonian libraries with Estonian books published abroad. (The libraries had been unable such books during the Soviet occupation due to the Iron Curtain.) The first major shipment of 160 boxes, weighing about 5000 kg, arrived in 1989. Eventually, Aruja succeeded in delivering over 7000 boxes of books to various Estonian libraries, including all the major ones.
Collections.
As an archivist and librarian, Aruja collected eight roomfuls, totalling about 236 square metres, worth of archival material, resulting in one of the most extensive cultural compendiums of Estonian expatriates.
Awards.
In 1990, Endel Aruja was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Tartu; in 1998, the President of Estonia recognised his work by a White Star order of class V, in 2002, he was awarded a medal of service by the Library of University of Tartu, and in 2003, the student corporation Rotalia! awarded him an honorary colour band.

</doc>
<doc id="19936822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936822" title="Eva Ström">
Eva Ström

Eva Ström (born 1947 in Lidingö, Stockholm County) is a Swedish lyricist, novelist, biographer and literary critic. She made her literary debut in 1977 with the poetry collection "Den brinnande zeppelinaren". Ström trained as a physician and worked in the medical profession 1974-1988 before becoming a full-time author.
She was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 2003 for the poetry collection "Revbensstäderna" ("The Rib Cities"). In January 2010, she was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
She is the mother of Karin Ström.

</doc>
<doc id="19936831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936831" title="Linisa tamaulipasensis">
Linisa tamaulipasensis

Linisa tamaulipasensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936834" title="Caecilia Metella Dalmatica">
Caecilia Metella Dalmatica

Caecilia Metella (died around 80 BC) was daughter of Lucius Caecilius Metellus Dalmaticus, "Pontifex Maximus" in 115 BC.
Dalmatica's first marriage was to Marcus Aemilius Scaurus, an aging politician at the peak of his power. The patrician Scaurus was "princeps senatus" (president of the Senate) and a traditional ally of her family. Dalmatica bore Scaurus two children: Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (II) and Aemilia Scaura, second wife of Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus.
Following Scaurus' death, Dalmatica married Lucius Cornelius Sulla. In 86 BC, Gaius Marius obtained his seventh consulship and outlawed his political enemies, ordering confiscation of property and several persecutions. Sulla, at the time in the East fighting king Mithridates VI of Pontus, was at the top of the list. Dalmatica was forced to abandon Rome and met Sulla in Greece. There, she gave birth to the twins Faustus Cornelius Sulla and Fausta (married Titus Annius Milo, praetor in 54 BC). In 81 BC, following a brief civil war with the last of Marius' supporters, Sulla entered Rome and was appointed dictator. Again, Dalmatica followed her husband and became Rome's "First Lady."
Dalmatica died around 80 BC. Ignoring the anti-luxury laws that he drafted himself, Sulla organized a spectacular state funeral for her.

</doc>
<doc id="19936842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936842" title="Siren (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)">
Siren (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)

Music video.
The music video for "Siren" was directed by Toshiaki Toyoda. The PV displays a sweeping tour past a suspension bridge and through a city by translucent astral projections of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19936847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936847" title="Loop &amp; Loop">
Loop &amp; Loop

The song was used as the theme song for the drama Dame Nari!. The following year, the song was used in "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan", a Japanese rhythm game released on Nintendo DS.
Music video.
The music video for "Loop & Loop" was co-directed by Kazuyoshi Oku and Masafumi Gotō. The PV takes place within a classroom populated by four young boys. Over the course of the video, the students ride bikes, play jumprope, and pretend to be a band using brooms for guitars. All the while, they listen to headphones and lip-sync the lyrics to the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19936854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936854" title="Rewrite (song)">
Rewrite (song)

Reception.
The song experienced immense domestic and international popularity after it was chosen as the fourth and final opening theme of the anime series "Fullmetal Alchemist". Peaking at number four on the Oricon charts, the single sold nearly 150,000 units by the end of the year it was released, making it the 63rd single of the year. It later went on to win Best Anime Theme Song at the 2007 American Anime Awards.
The song is listed on the appendix of Robert Dimery's book "1001 Songs You Must Hear Before You Die (And 10001 You Must Download)".
Music video.
The music video for "Rewrite" was directed by Kazuyoshi Oku. The video primarily features the band playing in front of enormous speakers. During the song's breakdown, the four bandmembers temporarily levitate in the air.

</doc>
<doc id="19936877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936877" title="Tony Bhullar">
Tony Bhullar

Tony Bhullar is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Surrey-Newton in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. He sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.
Electoral record.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|13,649
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|92
!align="right"|0.67%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|13,741
!align="right"|65.51%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19936884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936884" title="Speed record">
Speed record


</doc>
<doc id="19936889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936889" title="Cryptomastix mullani">
Cryptomastix mullani

Cryptomastix mullani, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936890" title="Ancestors (TV series)">
Ancestors (TV series)

Ancestors was a public television mini-series on family history, (or genealogy). It was produced by KBYU-TV in conjunction with the Family History Library and PBS. It has also been available on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19936908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936908" title="Alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of 48 events, 30 for men and 18 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19936918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936918" title="Golden Software">
Golden Software

Golden Software Inc. is a privately held, American company based in Golden, Colorado. It develops and markets a small catalog of GIS and scientific software.
Founded in 1983, Golden Software is one of the world's oldest software companies, and the first to market three-dimensional surface and contour mapping applications for the PC.
History.
Patrick Madison, a CSM computer science instructor, and Dan Smith, a graduate student, began a partnership in 1983 with the development of a printer interface language that took advantage of the full resolution available to dot-matrix printers.
Their first commercial program, PlotCall, transformed plotter instructions into dot-matrix instructions compatible with over 20 commercial printers. This opened the computer graphing and mapping market to the wider arena of users with inexpensive commercial printers.
Between 1985 and 1986 the company released two DOS applications: Surfer, a surface and contour mapping program, and Grapher, a spreadsheet-plotting application.
In 1990 it released its first Windows program: MapViewer. Their next product, Didger was released in 1996.
Their most recent programs, Strater and Voxler began shipping in 2004 and 2006.
Products.
Golden Software programs are used in a wide variety of professional geological applications. They have been described as "user-friendly and accessible".

</doc>
<doc id="19936929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936929" title="Triodopsis hopetonensis">
Triodopsis hopetonensis

Triodopsis hopetonensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19936940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936940" title="Alabama State Route 133">
Alabama State Route 133

State Route 133 or SR-133 is a mostly multi-lane highway and is a primary artery through Muscle Shoals and Florence in northwest Alabama. The route begins at SR-20 (Alternate US-72) just south of Muscle Shoals. It runs north along Wilson Dam Road, becoming a six-lane highway at Avalon Avenue. It crosses the Tennessee River and enters Florence on the new Patton Island Bridge. From there, it narrows to four lanes and runs east along Veterans Drive to Cox Creek Parkway. It follows Cox Creek Parkway as it forms a northern loop around the city of Florence, though there is extensive retail development along most of the route. SR-133 and Cox Creek Parkway end northwest of Florence, again at the intersection of SR-20 (known locally as Savannah Highway).
History.
SR-133 was likely formed around 1927 with the completion of Wilson Dam on the Tennessee River and the opening of it to automobile traffic. At this time, the route would have started at an old alignment of SR-20 just a few hundred yards north of its current alignment. It followed Wilson Dam Road north through Muscle Shoals to the TVA Reservation. Here it intersected Reservation Road, running east to the Dam. Crossing the Dam it would have entered Florence and followed Wilson Dam Road, just east of the current Cox Creek Parkway alignment. It ended at Huntsville Road, which at the time carried U.S. Highway 72.
In the mid-1950s, U.S. 72 in Florence shifted to a new alignment on Florence Boulevard, about one-half of a mile north of Huntsville Road. It is unclear, but SR-133 may have taken Middle Road to between Huntsville Road and Florence Blvd. to reach U.S. 72. Also around this time, SR-20 south of Muscle Shoals shifted southward to a new routing, extending the route south about 300 yards.
Big changes occurred in the early 1970s with the construction of Cox Creek Parkway, a northern loop for the city of Florence. The new road placed SR-133 on a four-lane highway for the first time. From Wilson Dam, Cox Creek Parkway replaced Wilson Dam Road to carry SR-133 to Florence Blvd. From there, the route was extended some seven miles along the entirety of Cox Creek Parkway.
In 2002 the Singing River Bridge (Patton Island Bridge) opened, forming a new Tennessee River crossing one mile west of Wilson Dam. As part of a long-term "Patton Island Corridor", SR-133 was shifted to this new six-lane bridge. The move necessitated construction of an overpass on Wilson Dam Road on the TVA Reservation. SR-133's routing on Reservation Road and Wilson Dam itself was removed. After crossing the new bridge into Florence, the route turned east on Veterans Drive to rejoin Cox Creek Parkway just north of Wilson Dam.
Plans.
As part of the on-going Patton Island Corridor development, changes will be made to SR-133.
In Colbert County, Wilson Dam Road continues to be upgraded to a multi-lane highway. As of late 2008, the road is six lanes from the Tennessee River south through Muscle Shoals to Avalon Avenue. Plans call for the highway to eventually be four-laned from Avalon Avenue south to SR-20; however, those plans are on hold after landowners' disputed the State of Alabama's offers to purchase their land along the proposed ROW.
In Lauderdale County the final extension of the project, from Huntsville Road to Helton Drive, opened on October 16, 2008. This included the opening of an overpass and interchange at the intersection with Florence Blvd. (U.S. 43/U.S. 72). The road is six lanes from the Patton Island Bridge north to the connection with Helton Drive and its intersection with Hermitage Drive. The routing of SR-133 on this new portion is unclear, however; signage still points SR-133 to Veterans Drive. It is possible that SR-133 will eventually be routed on this new roadway to Helton Drive, then follow Helton Drive to Cox Creek Parkway.
Historic Routes.
Almost all old portions of SR-133 are still in existence. Reservation Road in Colbert County runs east from the intersection with the current route to Wilson Dam. The roadway across Wilson Dam is still open, albeit all commercial truck traffic is prohibited. In Lauderdale County, Wilson Dam Road still exists from Veterans Park Drive to Huntsville Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19936941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936941" title="Eoandromeda">
Eoandromeda

Eoandromeda is an Ediacaran organism consisting of eight radial spiral arms, and known from two taphonomic modes: the standard Ediacara type preservation in Australia, and as carbonaceous compressions from the Doushantuo formation of China,
where it is abundant.
Morphology.
A few dozen fossil specimens are known, ranging from about 1 to 4 cm in diameter; they are circular in outline and their eight arms, with closed ends, spiral either clockwise or counterclockwise.
Ridges cut across both the inside and outside of the spiral arms. The arms of the Australian individuals are longer and more tightly coiled than those of the Chinese, despite the Australian individuals not attaining as large a diameter; they are more often kinked.
Affinity.
The organism was first interpreted as a trace fossil, and has also been considered to represent an agglutinating foraminiferan. However, the discovery of the Chinese fossils, which have preserved organic matter, ruled out these interpretations, because the Burgess shale type preservation displayed required relatively robust organic material to start with. Its spiral form has also led to comparison with the fossil embryos also preserved in the Doushantuo formation; the jury will remain out on this verdict until intermediate forms are found.
The organism bears a very superficial resemblance to echinoderms, ctenophores and to some of the other Ediacara biota, but it lacks sufficient physical characteristics to ascertain with any degree of certainty whether it is indeed an animal or not. If it is, it would be the earliest known fossil of an adult animal; and its anatomy is consistent with that expected from the earliest animals. However, it is not perfectly clear that it is an animal; algae, the dominant constituent of the Doushantuo biota, cannot be ruled out, except that "Eoandromeda" seems a little too complex.
Taphonomic significance.
In the Ediacaran (Vendian) period there are two biotas of multicellular organisms; as now understood, these biota do not generally share members, as was considered until recently:
Trying to relate organisms that are preserved in the two modes is immensely problematic, because they preserve such different parts of organisms; the imprints preserve a casts of the organism's outline, whereas the carbonaceous films display a shadow left by any resistant organic matter. This has made relating the two taphonomic types very difficult: "Eoandromeda" is one of the few organisms which can convincingly be compared in both taphonomic modes.
Such cases of preservation are known also for organisms related to the "Anfesta-Albumares"-like fossils from the Doushantuo Formation, for "Beltanelloides sorichevae" from the Lyamtsa Formation of the White Sea area, Russia and Doushantuo Formation, and possible for "Cyclomedusa davidi" from Perevalok Formation of the Central Urals.
See also.
List of Ediacaran genera

</doc>
<doc id="19936953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936953" title="Alpine borane">
Alpine borane

Alpine borane is the commercial name for an organoboron compound that is used in organic synthesis. This reagent is generated by treating 9-BBN with α-pinene to give a sterically crowded trialkylborane. The resulting chiral species can stereoselectively reduce ketones, aldehydes, even deutero aldehydes in what is known as the Midland Alpine Borane Reduction, or simply the Midland Reduction:
Hydrolysis of the resulting borinic ester affords the alcohol:
It is also effective for the stereoselective reduction of certain acetylenic ketones.
Related reagents.
A range of alkyl-substituted derivatives of borane and diborane are specialty reagents in organic synthesis. Two such reagents that are closely related to Alpine borane are 9-BBN and diisopinocampheylborane.

</doc>
<doc id="19936966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936966" title="Just Because (Ginuwine song)">
Just Because (Ginuwine song)

"Just Because" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine from his third album "The Life". The single was only released internationally.
Single track listing.
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19936969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936969" title="Temósachi">
Temósachi


</doc>
<doc id="19936971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936971" title="LNWR Prince of Wales Class">
LNWR Prince of Wales Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Prince of Wales Class was a class of express passenger passenger locomotive. It was in effect, a superheated version of the Experiment Class 4-6-0.
They were introduced in 1911 by Charles Bowen-Cooke. A total of 245 were built for the LNWR, of which 135 were built at Crewe between 1911 and 1919, and unusually for the LNWR, 110 were contracted out: 20 were built by the North British Locomotive Company in 1915–1916, and ninety were built by William Beardmore & Co. in 1921–2.
The LNWR reused names and numbers from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard. All passed into London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) ownership on the grouping in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The LMS renumbered them into a more logical series of 5600–5844. A final locomotive was built by Beardmore in February 1924, which was displayed at the British Empire Exhibition that year; the LMS bought it in November 1924, and numbered it 5845. Later most of the class were again renumbered by the addition of 20000 into the 25600–25844 series in 1934–1935 to make room for Jubilee class locomotives. The arrival of Stanier 4-6-0s also displaced them from their work so withdrawals which had started in 1933 meant that by 1939 only 22 remained. Withdrawals were suspended during World War II, but recommenced in 1944, and just six were inherited by British Railways in 1948. In March 1948, the four then remaining (25648 "Queen of the Belgians", 25673 "Lusitania", 25752 and 25787) were allocated the numbers 58000–3, but were all withdrawn before renumbering could be applied. (The majority of LMS engines had 40000 added to their numbers but doing so would have intruded on the 6xxxx ex-LNER series).
The LNWR also built a suburban pacific tank engine version - the LNWR Prince of Wales Tank Class.
Variations included Belpaire fireboxes from 1924, and outside Walschaerts valve gear was fitted to four engines in 1923–4 and also to no. 5845 from new, to drive the inside cylinders and valves.
None has been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19936976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936976" title="Patty Sahota">
Patty Sahota

Patty Sahota is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Burnaby-Edmonds in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.
Electoral record.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|22,128
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19936977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19936977" title="Szymon Matuszek">
Szymon Matuszek

Szymon Matuszek (born January 7, 1989 in Cieszyn) is a Polish football midfielder who plays for Dolcan Ząbki.
Career.
Club.
In February 2011, he was loaned to Chojniczanka Chojnice on half year deal. He returned half year later.

</doc>
<doc id="19937002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937002" title="Gastrocopta pellucida">
Gastrocopta pellucida

Gastrocopta pellucida is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.
Subspecies.
Subspecies within this species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19937005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937005" title="Biathlon at the 1992 Winter Paralympics">
Biathlon at the 1992 Winter Paralympics

Biathlon at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of four events for men.
Medal summary.
The competition event was:
The event had separate standing, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19937009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937009" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Modoc County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Modoc County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Modoc County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19937012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937012" title="Urique">
Urique


</doc>
<doc id="19937018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937018" title="Lawrence J. Prelli">
Lawrence J. Prelli

Lawrence J. Prelli is Professor and Chair of the Communications Department at the University of New Hampshire. His book "A Rhetoric of Science: Inventing Scientific Discourse" (1990) has been well-reviewed and cited.

</doc>
<doc id="19937025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937025" title="Tribute to a Woman">
Tribute to a Woman

 
"Tribute to a Woman" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine and the final single from his third album "The Life".
Chart.
 
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19937031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937031" title="Stewart Yetton">
Stewart Yetton

Stewart David Yetton (born 27 July 1985) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Weymouth.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Plymouth, Devon, Yetton began his career at Plymouth Argyle in 2003, but found his chances in the first team were limited. After a trial with St Mirren and a month-long loan spell at Weymouth, in which his only appearance was as a substitute in the 3–0 win over St Albans City on 13 November 2004, he moved to Tiverton Town on 11 February 2005. He scored twice on his debut in a 2–0 win at Cirencester Town the following day, and scored ten goals in league and cup during his time at the Devon club.
Truro City.
Yetton moved to Truro City late in 2005, with the club then in the South Western League. He proved to be a prolific goalscorer with 200 goals in all competitions by February 2010 as City progressed through the Western League and the Southern League. These included 72 goals during the 2006–07 season (a club record), and six goals in the 8–5 victory over Radstock Town in 2007–08.
Stewart Yetton went on a month's loan at Ivybridge Town at the start of the 2009–10 season for one month to regain fitness from his shoulder injury, scoring four goals in three games. On his first match back from his loan, in the FA Cup Third Qualifying Round, Yetton scored the equaliser for Truro against Mangotsfield United in the 90th minute to earn a replay.
On 20 February 2010, Yetton scored his 200th league goal for Truro City, a late goal against Bedford Town. His total number of goals at that point was greater than the number of games he had played in the league, and he is the record goalscorer at the club.
After five months on the sidelines with a knee injury during the 2012–13 season, Yetton returned to the Truro squad and scored three goals in three games, although the club were relegated from the Conference South. However, his career at Truro was ended after a training ground incident on 18 April 2013, in which City defender Ben Gerring suffered a broken jaw. Yetton was initially suspended until the end of the season, and was linked with a return to Weymouth. In nearly eight years at Truro, he scored 226 goals in 315 league and cup appearances, also scoring in his last game, a 2–1 win at A.F.C. Hornchurch on 13 April. He became a free agent on 2 May and signed for the Terras on 4 May.
Outside football.
In August 2011, Yetton took a five-wicket haul on debut for Old Suttonians Cricket Club, helping them to a nine-wicket win.
References.
Infobox statistics
General

</doc>
<doc id="19937033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937033" title="Azmon">
Azmon

Azmon (Hebrew: "‛atsmôn" עצמן or עצמון) is an unidentified site marking the western portion of the southern frontier of Judah before the point where ‘it went out at the brook of Egypt’. It is mentioned in the Biblical books of Numbers 34:4-5 and Joshua 15:4.
Azmon lends itself to a common meter hymn tune. A number of Christian hymns, most notably O For a Thousand Tongues to Sing, have been set to that tune. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937035" title="Borda–Carnot equation">
Borda–Carnot equation

In fluid dynamics the Borda–Carnot equation is an empirical description of the mechanical energy losses of the fluid due to a (sudden) flow expansion. It describes how the total head reduces due to the losses. This in contrast with Bernoulli's principle for dissipationless flow (without irreversible losses), where the total head is a constant along a streamline. The equation is named after Jean-Charles de Borda (1733–1799) and Lazare Carnot (1753–1823).
This equation is used both for open channel flow as well as in pipe flows. In parts of the flow where the irreversible energy losses are negligible, Bernoulli's principle can be used.
Formulation.
The Borda–Carnot equation is:
where
In case of an abrupt and wide expansion the loss coefficient is equal to one. In other instances, the loss coefficient has to be determined by other means, most often from empirical formulae (based on data obtained by experiments). The Borda–Carnot loss equation is only valid for decreasing velocity, "v"1 > "v"2, otherwise the loss "ΔE" is zero – without mechanical work by additional external forces there cannot be a gain in mechanical energy of the fluid.
The loss coefficient "ξ" can be influenced by streamlining. For example in case of a pipe expansion, the use of a gradual expanding diffuser can reduce the mechanical energy losses.
Relation to the total head and Bernoulli's principle.
The Borda–Carnot equation gives the decrease in the constant of the Bernoulli equation. For an incompressible flow the result is – for two locations labelled 1 and 2, with location 2 downstream to 1 – along a streamline:
with
The first three terms, on either side of the equal sign are respectively the pressure, the kinetic energy density of the fluid and the potential energy density due to gravity. As can be seen, pressure acts effectively as a form of potential energy.
In case of high-pressure pipe flows, when gravitational effects can be neglected, "ΔE" is equal to the loss "Δ"("p"+½"ρv"2):
For open channel flows, "ΔE" is related to the total head loss "ΔH" as:
where "h" is the hydraulic head – the free surface elevation above a reference datum: "h" = "z" + "p"/("ρg").
Examples.
Sudden expansion of a pipe.
The Borda–Carnot equation is applied to the flow through a sudden expansion of a horizontal pipe. At cross section 1, the mean flow velocity is equal to "v"1, the pressure is "p"1 and the cross-sectional area is "A"1. The corresponding flow quantities at cross section 2 – well behind the expansion (and regions of separated flow) – are "v"2, "p"2 and "A"2, respectively. At the expansion, the flow separates and there are turbulent recirculating flow zones with mechanical energy losses. The loss coefficient "ξ" for this sudden expansion is approximately equal to one: "ξ" ≈ 1.0. Due to mass conservation, assuming a constant fluid density "ρ", the volumetric flow rate through both cross sections 1 and 2 has to be equal:
Consequently – according to the Borda–Carnot equation – the mechanical energy loss in this sudden expansion is:
The corresponding loss of total head "ΔH" is:
For this case with "ξ" = 1, the total change in kinetic energy between the two cross sections is dissipated. As a result, the pressure change between both cross sections is (for this horizontal pipe without gravity effects):
and the change in hydraulic head "h" = "z" + "p"/("ρg"):
The minus signs, in front of the right-hand sides, mean that the pressure (and hydraulic head) are larger after the pipe expansion.
That this change in the pressures (and hydraulic heads), just before and after the pipe expansion, corresponds with an energy loss becomes clear when comparing with the results of Bernoulli's principle. According to this dissipationless principle, a reduction in flow speed is associated with a much larger increase in pressure than found in the present case with mechanical energy losses.
Sudden contraction of a pipe.
In case of a sudden reduction of pipe diameter, without streamlining, the flow is not be able to follow the sharp bend into the narrower pipe. As a result, there is flow separation, creating recirculating separation zones at the entrance of the narrower pipe. The main flow is contracted between the separated flow areas, and later on expands again to cover the full pipe area.
There is not much head loss between cross section 1, before the contraction, and cross section 3, the vena contracta at which the main flow is contracted most. But there are substantial losses in the flow expansion from cross section 3 to 2. These head losses can be expressed by using the Borda–Carnot equation, through the use of the coefficient of contraction "μ":
with "A"3 the cross-sectional area at the location of strongest main flow contraction 3, and "A"2 the cross-sectional area of the narrower part of the pipe. Since "A"3 ≤ "A"2, the coefficient of contraction is less than one: "μ" ≤ 1. Again there is conservation of mass, so the volume fluxes in the three cross sections are a constant (for constant fluid density "ρ"):
with "v"1, "v"2 and "v"3 the mean flow velocity in the associated cross sections. Then, according to the Borda–Carnot equation (with loss coefficient "ξ"=1), the energy loss "ΔE" per unit of fluid volume and due to the pipe contraction is:
The corresponding loss of total head "ΔH" can be computed as "ΔH" = "ΔE"/("ρg").
According to measurements by Weisbach, the contraction coefficient for a sharp-edged contraction is approximately:

</doc>
<doc id="19937037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937037" title="Analog image processing">
Analog image processing

In electrical engineering and computer science, analog image processing is any image processing task conducted on two-dimensional analog signals by analog means (as opposed to digital image processing).

</doc>
<doc id="19937041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937041" title="Île d'Or">
Île d'Or

The île d'Or is a private island located at the east of the city of Saint-Raphaël in France, facing the Dramon cap. This small island is composed of russet rocks (porphyry) and surmounted by a tower reminiscent of the Middle Ages said to have been the inspiration for The Black Island in Hergé's "The Adventures of Tintin" series. Viewed from the sea from the left side of the tower, a rock, commonly thought to resemble the profile of a gorilla, also recalls the comic books of Hergé.
See also.
The îles d'Hyères, in the same region are also called the îles d'Or (Golden islands).

</doc>
<doc id="19937054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937054" title="Nicholas Spencer">
Nicholas Spencer

Col. Nicholas Spencer (1633–1689) was a London merchant who emigrated to Westmoreland County, Virginia, where he became a planter and which he represented in the Virginia House of Burgesses. Spencer later served as Secretary and President of the Council of the Virginia Colony, and on the departure of his cousin Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper in 1683, was named Acting Governor (1683–84), in which capacity Spencer served until the arrival of Governor Lord Howard of Effingham. Spencer's role as agent for the Culpeppers helped him and his friend Lt. Col. John Washington, ancestor of George Washington, secure the patent for their joint land grant of the Mount Vernon estate.
Early life in England and arrival in Virginia Colony.
Nicholas Spencer was born to an aristocratic English family long seated at Cople, Bedfordshire, England. In 1531 the Spencers bought the manor of Rowlands at Cople, which they owned for several centuries. Nicholas Spencer Sr., father of the Virginia emigrant, and his wife, the former Mary Gostwick, second daughter of Sir Edward Gostwick had several sons, of these William inherited the family estates but died childless after making his heir his nephew, also William, son of his next-brother Nicholas who had moved to Virginia. Another brother, Robert Spencer later removed from Surry County, Virginia, to Talbot County, Maryland, where his descendants long lived at Spencer Hall, the family plantation.
Nicholas Spencer moved from London to Westmoreland County, Virginia, in the 1650s, where he served as agent for his cousin John Colepeper, 1st Baron Colepeper. Colepeper had inherited his father's share of ownership in the Virginia Company in 1617, and was subsequently knighted and afterwards raised to the peerage. He became the one-seventh proprietor of the Northern Neck of Virginia under the charter of 1649. Colepeper never lived in the colonies, and his son Thomas Culpeper, 2nd Baron Culpeper of Thoresway, who lived at Leeds Castle, did not arrive in Virginia until 1680. In the meantime Nicholas Spencer had come to Virginia to help oversee his cousin John's investment.
Becoming a Virginia administrator and agent.
On his arrival in the colony, Spencer secured an appointment as a customs collector, in addition to his post as the administrator of his cousin's Virginia estates. (Spencer's job as agent for his Colepeper cousins included such prosaic tasks as seizing 'winter beaver skins' or casks of tobacco for debts owed the Colepeper interests). Spencer and John Washington jointly held the post of customs collector on the Potomac. (After Washington's death in 1679, Spencer was sole customs collector on the Potomac.) He also won his own land grant. But Spencer was, unlikely as it sounds, apparently an efficient administrator on his own, later being appointed to additional posts in Virginia by virtue of his abilities.
Spencer was apparently a pragmatic administrator. He was also a hard-nosed capitalist. When it came to slavery, for instance, Spencer weighed the benefits of enslaved labor in a strictly cost-benefit way. "The low price of Tobacco," Spencer wrote, "requires it should bee made as cheap as possible, and that Blacks can make it cheaper than Whites." Spencer's rationale for slavery was probably as succinctly heartless as any committed to paper.
Spencer's role as an aristocratic bureaucrat in the new colony was a tricky one. He was navigating the shoals of dilemmas which have perplexed a nation for centuries. While simultaneously attempting to rationalize slavery, Spencer was also writing to the Privy Council in England about the Virginia Colony's precarious place on the edge of Catholic Maryland. "Unruly and unorderly spirits lay hold of ye motion of affairs," Spencer wrote, "and that under the pretext of Religion, soe as from those false glasses to pretend to betake themselves to Arms... from the groundless Imaginacon (sic) that the few Papists in Maryland and Virginia had conspired to hyre the Seneca Indians, to ye Cutting off, and totall distroying of all ye Protestants."
At the same time, the forces that were propelling the Virginia Colony into the forefront of American economic and social might – primarily the raising of tobacco based on slavery – were simultaneously making Spencer's administrative role tricky. The Virginia colony of the era was, as the eminent colonial historian Edmund S. Morgan wrote, "the volatile society." There were popular uprisings such as Bacon's Rebellion, as well as the tobacco plant-cutting riots. A communication to the Crown in 1674 noted that his opposition to the Bacon Rebellion, for instance, had taken a toll on Spencer's estates. Having done the country "very good service against the Rebells, in that hee affected part of the Country where he resided, and as wee are credibly informed, by his Correspondence here is much Impaired in his Estate by the late Rebells."
In 1682 Spencer wrote to London in the wake of the events roiling Virginia. "Bacon's Rebellion," Spencer told colonial overseers in London, "had left an itching behind it". It was "plaine" that the class tensions stirred by the Rebellion had lingered, with a "mutinous mob" subsequently engaged in "wild and extravagant" rioting, going from farm to farm, tearing tobacco plants out by their roots. The Virginia government reacted harshly with militia patrols and the promise of steep fines. The "frenzy," according to Spencer, destroyed crops on over 200 plantations, and was driven by a glutted tobacco market which had depressed prices. Even the wives, Spencer wrote, took up hoes laid down by their husbands and continued to rip out the plants. Such civil disobedience, Nicholas Spencer saw, was the price paid by colonial administrators acting the foil for the empire's merchants back home.
For an aristocratic Englishman accustomed to centuries-old protocol, the mix must have been dizzying. One can almost sense Spencer's wish for some good old-fashioned English authority when, taken with symptoms of illness, he wrote to his brother in England outlining his pains, asking him to consult an English doctor and send him the diagnosis as quickly as possible.
Nor was Spencer's role as his Colepeper cousins' agent an easy job. As landlords of an almost-feudal domain eventually encompassing over five million acres (20,000 km²) in the new colony, the Colepeper Northern Neck grant, eventually passed on to their Fairfax heirs, came to be seen by some colonists as an onerous reminder of English aristocratic privilege. In Colepeper's absence, it fell to their relation Spencer to do the heavy-lifting of collecting rents and taxes on the Colepeper barony.
In the meantime, Spencer married Frances, the daughter of Col. John Mottrom of Coan Hall of Northumberland County, Virginia. Mottrom was likely the first white settler of the Northern Neck in the early seventeenth century. He later served as the first Burgess for Northumberland in 1645, and presided over the county court for four years. Mottrom's daughter and her husband Nicholas Spencer named one of their sons, Mottrom, after John Mottrom. Another Spencer son, William, returned to England for schooling and remained there, serving as a Whig Member of Parliament for Bedfordshire. William Spencer, the son of the Virginia emigrant Nicholas, married Lady Catherine Wentworth, daughter of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Cleveland. (Following the early death of William, his brother Nicholas Jr. returned to England to succeed to the family estates.)
Nicholas Spencer was prominent in the affairs of the Virginia colony, residing at his plantation on Nomini Creek. Westmoreland County's Cople Parish, the Anglican parish which embraced half the county, was renamed in 1668 to honor Spencer and his English birthplace at Cople. The Spencer family were connected to the Washington family in England, and later in Virginia. Col. Spencer patented the land grant at Mount Vernon with his friend Lt. Col. John Washington in 1674, with Spencer acting as the go-between in the sale. The successful patent on the acreage was due largely to Spencer, who acted as agent for his cousin Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper, who controlled the Northern Neck of Virginia, in which the tract lay.
Spencer's business interests and later life.
When John Washington died in 1677, his son Lawrence, George Washington's grandfather, inherited his father's stake in the Mount Vernon property. (Following Col. Nicholas Spencer's death, the Washingtons and the Spencers divided the land grant, with the Spencer heirs taking the larger southern half of the Mount Vernon grant bordering Dogue Creek, and the Washingtons the portion along Little Hunting Creek. The Spencer heirs paid Lawrence Washington 2,500 pounds of tobacco as compensation for their choice.) Later the Washingtons bought out the Spencer interest at Mount Vernon.
Aside from acting as agent for the Colepeper interests, Spencer was frequently involved in Virginia Colony business, and he often corresponded with English administrators in London, as well as family members in Bedfordshire and elsewhere. When his cousin Thomas Colepeper departed Virginia in 1683, Spencer was named Acting Governor, in which capacity he served for nine months until the April 1684 arrival of Francis Howard, 5th Baron Howard of Effingham. Because of the early deaths of his brothers, Spencer was the only surviving son of his father Nicholas, and so inherited extensive family estates in Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire.
Spencer also was left land by other early prominent settlers in Westmoreland County. In a deposition of 1674 by Lt. Col. John Washington, for instance, who was related to the Pope family of Popes Creek, Washington testified that in his will of 24 June 1674, Washington's kinsman Richard Cole had left all his Virginia lands to Nicholas Spencer. Washington "declareth that hee hath heard Mr. Richard Cole Deceased declare that hee had made a will, and given his whole estate to younge Mr. Nicholas Spencer and further saith not." The controversial Richard Cole had also specified that his body be buried on his plantation in a black walnut coffin with a gravestone of English black marble (to be imported for the purpose) and a tombstone whose epitaph read: "Heere lies Dick Cole a grievous Sinner, That died a Little before Dinner, Yet hopes in Heaven to find a place, To Satiate his Soul with Grace."
Nicholas Spencer died in Virginia in 1688. In his will in April 1688, Spencer styled himself "of Nominy in Westmoreland Co. in Virginia." Nicholas Spencer left five sons: William, Mottrom, Nicholas Jr., John, and Francis (to whom his father left Mount Vernon). Spencer probably had at least one daughter, to whom Mottrom Spencer referred to in his will as "my sister Mrs. Lettice Barnard." In his will, filed with the English courts at Canterbury, Col. Spencer named his "singular good friends Coll. Isaac Allerton of Matchotick, Capt. George Brent of Stafford Co. (former Governor of Maryland), and Capt. Lawrence Washington Capt. Washington, named by Spencer as a trustee, was the younger brother of Lt. Col. John Washington and was born in 1635. He and the other trustees named by Col. Spencer in his will received forty shillings for mourning rings.
Following Nicholas Spencer's death, the family's plantation at Nomini in Westmoreland was sold. In 1709 Robert Carter purchased the Spencer property from the heirs of Col. Spencer for £800 sterling, marking the end of the Spencer family's residence in Westmoreland, and delineating the future site of Nomini Hall, the Carter family seat in Westmoreland occupying the former Spencer estate.
The English branch of the family continued to live in Bedfordshire, where members of the family served in Parliament and were large landowners. The Spencer family continued to hold its land at Cople, Bedfordshire, until the nineteenth century. "The Spencers’ Cople estates," according to the Bedfordshire County Council, "were bought by Francis Brace for the Dowager Duchess of Marlborough, and the manor still was known as Rowlands when part of the Duke of Bedford’s estate at the start of the 19th century."

</doc>
<doc id="19937064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937064" title="Sheila Orr">
Sheila Orr

Sheila Orr is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Victoria-Hillside in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.
Electoral record.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|20,893
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|140
!align="right"|0.67%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|21,033
!align="right"|68.73%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|21,728
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|139
!align="right"|0.64%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|21,867
!align="right"|67.53%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19937066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937066" title="FG Sagittae">
FG Sagittae

FG Sagittae, in the constellation Sagitta, is a supergiant star in the constellation Sagitta at a distance of 8000 light-years. When first noted in 1943, it was noticed to be a variable star, and its spectrum was registered as of B4Ieq ("blue") in 1955. Since then it has expanded and reddened to G ("yellow") in 1991, and then further to about K ("orange"). FG started to pulsate when becoming an A-type star (soon after being registered as B4Ieq) with a period of 15 days, now the period has increased to over 100 days.
FG Sagittae is the central star of the planetary nebula "Henize 1-5".
Since 1992 the star has exhibited fadings and recoveries similar to that of a R Coronae Borealis variable star, and this behavior is emphasized by a hydrogen deficiency typical for this class of stars.
It has been proposed that this star has undergone a "late thermal pulse" (LTP) of helium fusion after having left the asymptotic giant branch (AGB) to move towards the hottest end of the "white dwarf cooling track". This thermal pulse is believed to have revived this aged star to once again, for a short time, behave as an AGB star.

</doc>
<doc id="19937069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937069" title="Stamatis Kraounakis">
Stamatis Kraounakis

Stamatis Kraounakis () is a Greek music composer, music producer, lyricist, writer and director. He was born and lives in Athens and has studied Political Science in Panteion University. He has composed music for more than 40 albums and 50 theatre plays.
Biography.
Stamatis Kraounakis studied music with Mrs Klelia Terzakis and made his first appearance in 1978, writing the music for the album "To Spiti Tou Agamemnona". One year earlier he had made his debut in theatre, with the music for the performance "Varieme" (1977). In 1981 he made his first big collaboration, with the music for the album "Skouriasmena Hilia" (Σκουριασμένα χείλια) performed by Vicky Mosholiou.
In Panteion University Stamatis Kraounakis met the poet Lina Nikolakopoulou, with whom he produced more than 80% of his work. In October 1985 they created and released the album "Kikloforo Ki Oploforo" with Alkistis Protopsalti as leading singer, that sold over 200.000 copies and is considered one of the classic pop records of the 20th century in Greece.
Since 1982 Stamatis Kraounakis has an uninterrupted present in Greek music and has collaborated with a number of important Greek singers, like Manolis Mitsias, Dimitra Galani, Tania Tsanaklidou, Eleftheria Arvanitaki, while he introduced new singers, like Kostas Makedonas, Dimitris Basis, Stelios Dionisiou, and Polina Misailidou.
Since 1990 he has dealt with Greek theatrical plays that could be musically developed, releasing musical monologues, new techniques and songs with extended musical introductions. In addition, he introduced a new way of presenting musical shows, using the songs as music theatrical dialogue and the singers as heroes of a fictional tale.
In 1997 he accepted the position of artistic director in the Municipal Theater of the city of Kavala, where he established a new era with three significant productions - "Ktistes" by Giorgos Chimonas, "Gro Plan" by Giorgos Maniotis, and Aristophanes' "Ploutos" under the direction of Nikos Mastorakis.
In 1998, Stamatis Kraounakis's seminars for song interpretation led his young students to the creation of the artistic group Speira Speira. Under his direction, Speira Speira successfully performed the "All In Black and a Piano" show, from October 1999 to April 2001. 
In 2000 his music for the movie of Nikos Panagiotopoulos "Afti I Nihta Menei" (This Is The Last Night) took the National Award in Thessaloniki Film Festival, while his music for the TV series "Istera Irthan I Melisses" (And Then The Bees Came) (based on the book by Yiannis Xanthoulis) took the Award for Best Music in the Television Awards.
In 2002 his music for the movie of Nikos Panagiotopoulos "Kourastika Na Skotono Tous Agapitikous Sou" (Tired Of Killing Your Lovers) took the Arion Award for Best Soundtrack.
During 2004 Stamatis Kraounakis composed the music for Nikos Panagiotopoulos' movie "Delivery", as well as music for Aristophanes' "Ploutos" for the Athens Festival in Epidavros. 
In May 2004 he was invited by the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London to compose music for the project "Installation 496".
Recently, he has written the theme song for one of the most popular TV series in Greece, "Maria, i Aschimi", the Greek version of "Ugly Betty".
In 2010 he voiced Louis the alligator in the Greek language version of The Princess and the Frog.

</doc>
<doc id="19937075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937075" title="Heterophile antigen">
Heterophile antigen

Heterophile antigens:
certain antigens of similar nature, if not identical, present in different tissues in different biological species, classes or kingdoms.
Composition: chemically these are lipoprotein-polysaccharide complexes, possibly there are identical chemical groupings in the structure of mucopolysaccharids and lipids.
Example: Forssman antigen, cross reacting microbial antigen
so antibodies to these antigens produced by one species cross react with antigens of other species.

</doc>
<doc id="19937076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937076" title="Radical skepticism">
Radical skepticism

Radical skepticism or radical scepticism is the philosophical position that knowledge is most likely impossible. Radical skeptics hold that doubt exists as to the veracity of every belief and that certainty is therefore never justified. To determine the extent to which it is possible to respond to radical skeptical challenges is the task of epistemology or "the theory of knowledge".
The Ancient Greek philosophers Plato, Cratylus and Pyrrho as well as Roman philosopher Sextus Empiricus are among those who expounded theories of radical skepticism.
In modern philosophy, two representatives of radical skepticism are Michel de Montaigne (most famously known for his skeptical remark, "Que sçay-je?", 'What do I know?' in Middle French; modern French "Que sais-je"?) and David Hume (particularly as set out in "A Treatise of Human Nature", Book 1: "Of the Understanding").
As radical skepticism can be used as an objection for most or all beliefs, many philosophers have attempted to refute it. For example, Bertrand Russell wrote “Skepticism, while logically impeccable, is psychologically impossible, and there is an element of frivolous insincerity in any philosophy which pretends to accept it.”
See also.
Cratylism

</doc>
<doc id="19937086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937086" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of 27 events, 19 for men and 8 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19937089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937089" title="Amam (Bible)">
Amam (Bible)

Amam () is an unidentified site the Negeb of Judah mentioned in the Biblical Book of Joshua 15:26.

</doc>
<doc id="19937151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937151" title="Susan Brice">
Susan Brice

Susan Brice is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Saanich South in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.
An elementary school teacher, Susan Brice served as an elected trustee to the Victoria School Board from 1975 to 1980, including as Chair of the Board from 1978 to 1979. She was elected councillor to the Municipality of Oak Bay in 1980 and as Mayor in 1985. She served as a director on the Capital Regional District board from 1985 to 1990, and chaired the board from 1988 to 1989. 
Ms. Brice also served on the Board of the Better Business Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="19937154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937154" title="Ramón González Peña">
Ramón González Peña

Ramón Gonzáles Peña (1888-1952) was a Basque socialist and trade union leader. Gonzáles was a prominent leader in the 1934 miners revolt in Asturias, under which he led the Oviedo Revolutionary Committee. After the revolt, he was sentenced to death. One year later, however, he was reprieved. Gonzáles served as the president of Unión General de Trabajadores, in which he was in conflict with Largo Caballero. He was also a Member of Parliament and was the Minister of Justice 1938-1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19937177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937177" title="Bellefields (Croom, Maryland)">
Bellefields (Croom, Maryland)

Bellefields is a manor house located in Croom, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed about 1720. It is a brick structure in Flemish bond with random glazed headers, and two stories over a high basement. The structure is rectangular, with gabled roof sections, paired interior end chimneys, a front center entrance, wide raised belt course above the first floor, flat arched openings, and flanking symmetrical single-story wings. It is in the Georgian style. It was the home of Patrick Sim, Scottish immigrant and of his son, Col. Joseph Sim, Maryland patriot.
Later, sometime after 1849, William Duckett Bowie lived there with his second wife.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19937186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937186" title="First Baptist Church of Fairport">
First Baptist Church of Fairport

The First Baptist Church of Fairport is a church, built in 1872, at 94 South Main Street at Church Street in Fairport, New York. 
In 2006 a national drugstore tried to buy the land but, in response to adverse local reactions, money was raised to help rebuild the church instead.

</doc>
<doc id="19937200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937200" title="Palmless Prayer/Mass Murder Refrain">
Palmless Prayer/Mass Murder Refrain

Palmless Prayer/Mass Murder Refrain is the collaborative album by Japanese acts MONO and World's End Girlfriend.
Personnel.
MONO
World's End Girlfriend
"Other Contributors"

</doc>
<doc id="19937222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937222" title="Stingy (song)">
Stingy (song)

 
"Stingy" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was originally from the "Barbershop" soundtrack then included on his fourth album "The Senior" the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19937245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937245" title="Steven Croft (bishop)">
Steven Croft (bishop)

Steven John Lindsey Croft (born 29 May 1957) is an open evangelical Church of England clergyman and theologian specialising in mission. He is the seventh Bishop of Sheffield following his enthronement in Sheffield Cathedral on 9 May 2009, having been consecrated by the Archbishop of York on Sunday 25 January 2009. Previously he was Archbishops’ Missioner and Team Leader of Fresh Expressions, a joint Church of England and Methodist initiative.
Education.
Croft attended Heath Grammar School in Halifax and studied classics and theology at Worcester College, Oxford, graduating in 1980. He trained for ordination at Cranmer Hall, Durham, earning a PhD in 1984 with his thesis "The identity of the Individual in the Psalms".
Ministry.
Croft was ordained as deacon in the Diocese of London in 1983. The following year, he was ordained as priest. From 1983 to 1987 he was the curate of the parish church of St Andrew's Enfield. After that, he became vicar of Ovenden, an Urban Priority Area parish in the Diocese of Wakefield, from 1987 to 1996. In 1997, Croft was made a member of the Church of England Evangelical Council, which he was a part of until 2000.
1996–2004 Warden (i.e. head) of Cranmer Hall.
2004–2009 Archbishops' Missioner and first Team Leader of Fresh Expressions.
Croft was appointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York to help found Fresh Expressions, a joint Church of England and Methodist initiative "to help Christians of any denomination think about ways of starting and growing fresh expressions of church in their area" where a fresh expression is defined as "a form of church for our changing culture, established primarily for the benefit of people who are not yet members of any church". In recognition of this work he was awarded the silver Cross of St Augustine by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Croft was nominated as the next Bishop of Sheffield, succeeding Jack Nicholls who retired in July 2008, and formally elected by the Chapter of Sheffield Cathedral in November 2008. he was consecrated as a bishop on 25 January 2009, and started work in the diocese following his formal enthronement on 9 May 2009. This was followed by three Welcome Eucharists celebrated in various locations around the diocese to allow more people to meet the new bishop.
In 2012 Croft was nominated by Rowan Williams to be the Anglican fraternal delegate to the XIII Roman Catholic Synod of Bishops in Rome.
Croft became a member of the House of Lords on 15 July 2013.
Personal life.
Croft was born in Halifax in 1957. He is married to Ann and has four children, Paul, Andy, Amy and Sarah.

</doc>
<doc id="19937251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937251" title="Rudolf Tayerlé">
Rudolf Tayerlé

Rudolf Tayerlé (1877–1942) was a Czechoslovak Social Democratic politician and trade union leader. In 1922 he was instrumental in expelling the communists from the Odborové sdružení českoslovanské. In 1942 he was elected vice-president of the International Federation of Trade Unions. Tayerlé was arrested shortly after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia. He died in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19937260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937260" title="Russian plague of 1770–72">
Russian plague of 1770–72

The Russian plague epidemic of 1770–1772, also known as the Plague of 1771, was the last massive outbreak of plague in central Russia, claiming between 52 and 100 thousand lives in Moscow alone (1/6 to 1/3 of its population). The bubonic plague epidemic that originated in the Moldovan theatre of the 1768–1774 Russian-Turkish war in January 1770 swept northward through Ukraine and central Russia, peaking in Moscow in September 1771 and causing the Plague Riot. The epidemic reshaped the map of Moscow, as new cemeteries were established beyond the 18th-century city limits.
Outbreak.
Russian troops in Focşani, Moldova discovered first signs of plague in January 1770; the disease, indigenous to the area, was contracted through prisoners of war and booty. The news was hailed and exaggerated by adversaries of Russia, and Catherine wrote a reassuring letter to Voltaire, arguing that "in spring those killed by plague will resurrect for the fighting". Commanding general von Stoffeln coerced army doctors to conceal the outbreak, which was not made public until Gustav Orreus, a Russian-Finnish surgeon reporting directly to Field Marshal Pyotr Rumyantsev, examined the situation, identified it as plague and enforced quarantine in the troops. Shtoffeln, however, refused to evacuate the infested towns and himself fell victim to the plague in May 1770. Of 1,500 patients recorded in his troops in May–August 1770, only 300 survived.
Medical quarantine checkpoints instituted by Peter I and expanded by Catherine II were sufficient to prevent plague from reaching inside the country in peacetime, but they proved to be inadequate in time of war. The system regarded all epidemics as external threats, focusing on border control, and paid less attention to domestic measures. The epidemic blocked the logistics of Rumyantsev's army, and as the state tried to push more reserves and supplies to the theatre, peacetime quarantine controls had to be lifted. Plague swept into Poland and Ukraine; by August 1770 it reached Bryansk. Catherine refused to admit the plague in public, although she was clearly aware of the nature and proportions of the threat, as evidenced by her letters to Governor of Moscow Pyotr Saltykov.
Moscow plague.
When Peter the Great died in 1725, he left behind him the blooming, new capital of St. Petersburg, and the city of Moscow, now unstable because he had transferred the seat of power from that city to St. Petersburg. The now-abandoned Moscow and its suburbs attracted vast numbers of serfs and army deserters, who prompted the government to instigate change by “tightening serfdom and strengthening—or even just creating—administrative and estate institutions, and knitting all three into a seamless web of social control.” The increasing population created more waste that needed to be dealt with, and no real solution for getting rid of it. There was human waste, horse waste, and waste from tanneries, slaughterhouses and other slatternly industries, all of which was piling up on each other. Catherine II inherited the throne in 1762 and recognized the social concerns her empire was facing, such as the drastic increase in pollution and decrease in living standards. In 1767, her government decreed that the polluting factories, slaughterhouses, fish markets, and cemeteries be removed from the city, that it was illegal to pollute the waterways, and that dumps be established. Her goal in this was to westernize Moscow as well as St. Petersburg. She contended that by eliminating the foul smells associated with the city, the health of the inhabitants would improve; during the 18th century, the theory of miasma (that disease came from bad smells) was prevalent. By moving the factories out of the city proper, Catherine also ensured a dispersal of the peasants and serfs, whom the city considered to be the source of the putrefaction, and therefore bring the source of the disease outside the city as well. As her memoires indicate, Catherine herself saw the stench and filth of the city as evidence of its being rooted in the past, before Russia became westernized. She hated Moscow, and it is interesting to note that before the plague outbreak, Moscow had no formal boundaries, there was no population count, and no real city planning. This lack of planning was also evidenced by the fact that the city was mostly still built from wood, despite the government urging change to stone structures in this department. While there were some stone buildings, they tended to be located in the center of the city, and the use of stone showed no real sign of spreading. There were fires, there was a high crime rate, the filth was unimaginable; the state of the city was a set up for disaster. Catherine attempted to fix these problems through pardons, case reviews, creating jobs for the unemployed and homeless, and strengthening the local government.
 Despite her efforts to change the city, Catherine found herself facing an outbreak of the bubonic plague in the Russian Empire in 1770. The plague was somewhat of a constant threat in early modern Europe; no one could be sure where or when it would strike. In 1765, rumors circulated that the plague had traveled north from the Ottoman Empire into Poland. The same rumors echoed over the course of the next year, with the plague also supposedly appearing in Constantinople and the Crimea. There was a false alarm of the plague entering Russian territory, and another false alarm of supposed plague around Moscow that turned out to be smallpox. There were efforts made to keep plague out of Russia by creating quarantine stations on the southern border, but these proved to be ineffective.
 In December of 1770, a Doctor A. F. Shafonskiy, the chief physician at the Moscow General Hospital, identified a case of the bubonic plague and promptly reported it to German doctor A. Rinder, who was in charge of the public health of the city. Unfortunately, Rinder did not trust the former’s judgment, and ignored the report. The next day, the Medical Council met and established the fact that the plague had entered the city, and informed the Senate in St. Petersburg. The response of the national government was to send military guards to the hospital in order to quarantine the cases. However, Shafonskiy and Rinder continued to stand on opposing sides, until Rinder denied Shafonskiy’s claim in January 1771. Shafonskiy submitted a report in February, arguing his case, but the officials chose to believe the German doctor instead. In March, there were definitive signs of the disease, and so Moscow’s government began implementing the established procedures, including setting up field hospitals. In June 1771, Rinder died after contracting the disease from a patient, and by September, the city was in the worst shape yet: the plague had peaked. 20,401 people died in that month alone, and roughly three quarters of Moscow’s population fled the city. Authorities tried to stop the spread of the disease, but the poor were terrified of the destruction of their contaminated homes, and so hid dead bodies. This was likely one of the reasons that, in the aftermath, Catherine ordered the removal of all cemeteries from city centers and out to the borders and suburbs.
 The despair of this month led to the Plague Riots, an uprising against the government and their failed methods of protecting the citizens.
Riot.
The plague peaked in September 1771, killing an estimated thousand muscovites a day (20,401 confirmed dead in September), despite the fact that an estimated three quarters of population fled the city. Many deaths escaped the statistics: residents, fearing that the infested properties will be destroyed by authorities, routinely concealed the casualties, burying the dead at night or simply throwing them on the streets. Authorities set up chain gangs of prisoners to collect and bury the bodies, but their forces were insufficient even for this single task.
Governor Saltykov, failing to control the situation, preferred to desert his station and fled to his country estate; the police chief followed suit. Jacon Lerche, the newly appointed sanitary inspector of Moscow, declared state of emergency, shutting down shops, inns, taverns, factories and even churches; the city was placed under quarantine. Masses of people, literally thrown into the streets, were denied their regular trade and recreation habits. On September 15, 1771, Moscow residents revolted against the authorities. The mob perceived any emergency measures of the state as a conspiracy to spread the disease. In particular, archbishop Amvrosy, who removed a revered icon from the public to curtail transmission of the disease by worshippers, was accused of conspiracy, hunted down and killed as "enemy of the people". Active rioting continued for three days; the remaining unrest was finally subdued by Grigory Orlov in the end of September.
Emergency measures.
When the riot was still unwinding, empress Catherine dispatched Grigory Orlov to take control of Moscow; it is not clear whether her choice was an assignment in good faith or an attempt to get rid of a former lover and a leader of an influential political clan. Orlov, accompanied by Gustav Orreus and four regiments of troops, arrived in Moscow on September 26, immediately calling an emergency council with local doctors. They confirmed presence of both bubonic and septicemic forms of plague. Orlov established and supervised an executive medical commission charged with developing the ways to check the epidemic. More important, he succeeded in changing public opinion if favor of the state's emergency measures, at the same improving the efficiency and quality of medical quarantine (in particular, varying quarantine duration for different groups of exposed but yet healthy people, and paying them for the quarantine stay).
The epidemic in Moscow, although still rampant in October, gradually reduced through the year. November 15 Catherine declared that it was officially over, but deaths continued into 1772. Estimates of total death toll in Moscow range from 52 to 100 thousand out of total 300 thousand.
Consequences.
The plague stimulated local research in disease prevention, which was boosted by discovering indigenous plague in newly-conquered territories of the Caucasus. The epidemic was professionally exposed to Western European academia through "An account of plague which raged in Moscow 1771", published in 1798 in Latin by Belgian physician Charles de Mertens; an English translation was released in 1799.
Immediate political effect.
Devastation caused by the plague forced the government to reduce taxes and military conscription quotas in the affected provinces; both measures decreased the military capabilities of the state and pushed Catherine to seek truce. The statesmen divided between supporters of further pressing into Moldova and Walachia and those who sided with Frederick II's proposal to quit the war and take Polish territories as compensation: nearby Polish lands were seen as cash source while Moldova had to be ceded to the Turks anyway. Catherine preferred to suit both parties and engaged in the Partitions of Poland while the war in the South protracted until 1774. Orlov, dismissed from the court, retired for a long tour of Europe.
City planning.
In a move to control disease, authorities banned any burials on the traditional parish cemeteries inside the city of Moscow. Instead, they set up a chain of new cemeteries outside the city limits. This ring of cemeteries, established in 1771 (Vagankovo and others) is mostly extant today; some were razed to make way for the new construction (Dorogomilovo cemetery), some, also destroyed, are now public parks (Lazarevskoe cemetery). Rogozhskoye cemetery, east of Moscow, became and remains a leading Old Believers shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="19937273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937273" title="H1F0">
H1F0

H1 histone family, member 0 is a member of the histone family of nuclear proteins which are a component of chromatin. In humans, this protein is encoded by the "H1F0" gene.

</doc>
<doc id="19937289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937289" title="James Wallis">
James Wallis

James Wallis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19937292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937292" title="1931–32 Montreal Canadiens season">
1931–32 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1931–32 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 23rd season. After winning two consecutive Stanley Cup championships, the Canadiens were favoured to repeat, winning the Canadian division, but lost to the New York Rangers in the semi-finals.
Regular season.
Howie Morenz won the Hart Trophy for his outstanding play during the regular season..
Playoffs.
The Canadiens, by placing first, received a bye to the semi-finals where they met the New York Rangers, who had won the American Division. The Canadiens, missing some regulars due to injury, lost the best-of-five series three games to one.
Roster.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19937296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937296" title="Museum of Human Beings">
Museum of Human Beings

Museum of Human Beings, included in the National American Indian Heritage Month Booklist, November 2012 is a novel written by Colin Sargent, which delves into the heart-wrenching life of Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea. Sacagawea was the Native American guide, who at 16 led the Lewis and Clark expedition.
Summary.
At the turn of the nineteenth century, the young Indian woman Sacagawea leads Lewis and Clark to the Pacific. But what about that tiny infant in the commemorative engraving, perched on Sacagawea’s back? He is her son, Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the youngest member of the Expedition, a child caught between two worlds who grows into a man haunted by the mother he barely knew and the wilderness she betrayed.
Sacagawea is only sixteen when she leads the Expedition and catches the eye of William Clark who finds her exotically appealing. Afterwards, Clark takes in Sacagawea and her child, and raises Baptiste as a foster son. When the teenage Baptiste attracts the notice of the visiting Duke Paul, Prince of Wurttemberg, Clark approves of the duke’s “experiment” to educate the boy at court. A gleeful Duke Paul exhibits Baptiste throughout Europe as a “half gentleman-half animal.” Eventually Jean Baptiste turns his back on the Old World and returns to the New, determined to find his true place there. He travels deep into the heart of the American wilderness, and into the depths of his mother’s soul, on an epic quest for identity that brings sacrifice, loss, and the distant promise of redemption.
Reviews.
The expedition papoose Charbonneau appears on the front of the Sacagawea gold one-dollar coin (2000 to 2008) and remains in circulation in the USA today. 
Calling the story “heart-wrenching,” Smithsonian Institution has recognized the work of fiction with a publication reading at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C.
Described by publisher McBooks Press of Ithaca, New York, as “haunting,” the novel tracks the young man’s descent into deepest, darkest civilization in a search for his place in the world: At the turn of the nineteenth century, the young Indian woman Sacagawea leads Lewis and Clark to the Pacific Ocean. But what about that tiny infant in the commemorative engraving, perched on Sacagawea’s back? He is her son, Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the youngest member of the Expedition, a child caught between two worlds who grows into a man haunted by the mother he barely knew and the wilderness she betrayed.
Duke Paul of Wurttemberg’s journal "Erste Reise nach dem nordlichen Amerika in den Jahren 1822-1824", translated by W. Robert Nitske and edited by Savoie Lottinville as "Travels in North America, 1822-1824", includes individual entries documenting the botanist nobleman's taking the precocious young Charbonneau, whom Clark had adopted and educated in St Louis, to Germany with him with the promise of further education, departing New Orleans aboard the brig "Smyrna" in January 1824. Adept at languages including Mandan, French, Latin, English, German, and Spanish, the young Charbonneau spent over five years at court. In the novel, young Baptiste travels across the Levant with Duke Paul and the prince’s painting companion Vogelweide, and performs piano in the presence of Beethoven.
According to "Publishers Weekly":
Notes.
The "Museum of Human Beings" in the title alludes to the notorious museum that General William Clark built beside his home in St Louis after he returned from the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Inside, Clark kept relics and specimens related to his various American Indian affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19937298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937298" title="Cerion chrysalis">
Cerion chrysalis

Cerion chrysalis is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerionidae, the peanut snails.

</doc>
<doc id="19937300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937300" title="Mick Veitch">
Mick Veitch

Michael Stanley "Mick" Veitch (born 19 December 1962) is an Australian politician and Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Veitch has been a member of the Council since 24 March 2007.
Early years.
Veitch was born at Gundagai, New South Wales to parents Bob and Val. He is the oldest of five children. He attended Adelong Central School in his primary school years. His secondary studies were undertaken at Tumut High School.
Leaving high school, he worked as a shearer, a railway porter and a train station assistant. He finished his railway career as an Assistant Station Master at Rydalmere and Toongabbie train stations. He completed further studies at TAFE. He became the General Manager (Growth and Strategy) of Job Centre Australia Limited and also the Executive Officer of Wiradjuri Country Community Group Limited.
He joined the Labor Party in March 1989 He became the Secretary of the Young Branch of the Labour Party. He was also a Delegate to the Federal Electorate Council and also to the State Electorate Council.
He was elected as an independent Shire Councillor for Young Shire Council in September 1995. He was re-elected in 1999 and 2004.
In 1998, he ran as the Australian Labor Party candidate for the Federal seat of Hume (a Liberal/National coalition safe seat). He was unsuccessful in that campaign, losing to Liberal Party candidate Alby Schultz. 
Veitch was deputy chair of the nine-member Southern Area Health Board for New South Wales.
Veitch was elected on 24 March 2007 to the New South Wales Legislative Council with the nineteenth highest quota at that election.
He is married to Adrienne and has four children, and one granddaughter. He and his wife are foster parents.

</doc>
<doc id="19937313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937313" title="Ezem">
Ezem

Ezem (, "vars." ‛Atsem or Otzem, meaning "strength") is an unidentified site in the Negeb of Judah toward the Edomite border. It is mentioned in the Biblical Book of . In the King James Version it is spelled "Azem" in Joshua and "Ezem" in .
In Joshua 19:1-3 and I Chronicles 4:29 it is one of the towns ‘in the midst of
the inheritance of Judah’ assigned to Simeon.

</doc>
<doc id="19937319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937319" title="Azem">
Azem

Azem is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19937326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937326" title="Supreme Court of Greece (disambiguation)">
Supreme Court of Greece (disambiguation)

The Supreme Court of Greece can refer to any of the three Supreme Courts of Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="19937332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937332" title="Leo Clasen">
Leo Clasen

Leo Clasen was a Holocaust survivor who was imprisoned in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp because of his homosexuality. He wrote about his experiences in 1954–1955 in the Hamburg magazine "Humanitas, Monatszeitschrift für Menschlichkeit und Kultur", which was published in seven parts under the pseudonym L. D. Classen von Neudegg. His account is one of the most significant records of the experience of homosexuals during the holocaust. He was born on June 26, 1906 in Neumünster, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany and was educated as a doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="19937333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937333" title="Bisi Silva">
Bisi Silva

Bisi Silva is a Nigerian contemporary art curator currently based in Lagos.
Biography.
Bisi Silva is the founder and artistic director of the Centre for Contemporary Art, Lagos (CCA, Lagos), which opened in December 2007. CCA Lagos promotes research, documentation and exhibitions related to contemporary art in Africa and abroad. At CCA, Lagos, Silva has curated numerous exhibitions including one with the Nigerian painter Ndidi Dike. 
She is co-curator of ‘The Progress of Love’, a transcontinental collaboration across three venues in US and Nigeria (Oct. 2012 – Jan. 2013). Silva was co-curator of J.D. ‘Okhai Ojeikere: Moments of Beauty’, Kiasma, Helsinki (April – Nov. 2011). She was also co-curator for the 2nd Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art, Greece, ‘Praxis: Art in Times of Uncertainty’ in September 2009. In 2006, Silva was one of the curators for the Dakar Biennale in Senegal. In collaboration with the Portuguese art critic Isabel Carlos, she selected artists for the third Artes Mundi prize in Wales. She also curated "Contact Zone: Contemporary Art from West and North Africa" (October 2007) and an exhibition titled "Telling… Contemporary Finnish photography", in the Seventh Biennial of African Photography in Bamako (November 2007).
Silva has written on contemporary art for international publications including Art Monthly, Untitled, Third Text, M Metropolis, Agufon and for Nigerian newspapers such as ThisDay. Silva is on the editorial board of N Paradoxa, an international feminist art journal and is the guest editor for the Africa and African Diaspora Issue of N.Paradoxa (Jan. 2013).
Exhibitions curated or co-curated.
2009
In the Light of Play, Durban Art Gallery and Johannesburg Art Fair
Chance Encounters, Seven Contemporary Artists from Africa, Sakshi Gallery, Mumbai India e Sakshi Gallery, Taipei, Taiwan
Like A Virgin..., Lucy Azubuike (NIG) and Zanele Muholi (SA), CCA, Lagos
Praxis: Art in Times of Uncertainty, Second Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art, Greece
Maputo: A tale of One City, Second Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art, Greece
2008 
George Osodi, Paradise Lost: Revisiting the Niger Delta, CCA, Lagos
Ndidi Dike, Waka-into-bondage:The Last ¾ Mile, CCA, Lagos
2007 
Fela, Ghariokwu Lemi and The Art of the Album Cover, CCA, Lagos
Contact Zone: Contemporary Art from West and North Africa, National Museum of Mali
Telling… Contemporary Finnish photography, Settima Biennale di Fotografia Africana, Bamako
2006 
Dak'Art, Biennale di Dakar, Senegal

</doc>
<doc id="19937339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937339" title="Gillian Trumper">
Gillian Trumper

Gillian Trumper is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Alberni-Qualicum in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19937346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937346" title="Ediacaran type preservation">
Ediacaran type preservation

Ediacaran type preservation relates to the dominant preservational mode in the Ediacaran period, where Ediacaran organisms were preserved as casts on the surface of microbial mats.
Exceptional preservation.
All but the smallest fraction of the fossil record consists of the robust skeletal matter of decayed corpses. Hence, since Ediacaran biota had soft bodies and no skeletons, their abundant preservation is surprising. The absence of burrowing creatures living in the sediments undoubtedly helped; since after the evolution of these organisms in the Cambrian, soft-bodied impressions were usually disturbed before they could fossilize.
Microbial mats.
Microbial mats are areas of sediment stabilised by the presence of colonies of microbes, which secrete sticky fluids or otherwise bind the sediment particles. They appear to migrate upwards when covered by a thin layer of sediment, but this is an illusion caused by the colony's growth; individuals do not, themselves, move. If too thick a layer of sediment is deposited before they can grow or reproduce through it, parts of the colony will die, leaving behind fossils with a characteristically wrinkled "elephant skin" texture. 
Most Ediacaran strata with the "elephant skin" texture characteristic of microbial mats contain fossils, and Ediacaran fossils are almost never found in beds that do not contain these microbial mats. 
Although microbial mats were once widespread, the evolution of grazing organisms in the Cambrian vastly reduced their numbers, and these communities are now limited to inhospitable refugia where predators cannot survive long enough to eat them.
Fossilisation.
The preservation of these fossils is one of their great fascinations to science. As soft-bodied organisms, they would normally not fossilise. Unlike later soft-bodied fossil biota (such as the Burgess Shale, or Solnhofen Limestone) the Ediacara biota is not found in a restricted environment subject to unusual local conditions: they were a global phenomenon. The processes that were operating must have been systemic and worldwide. There was something very different about the Ediacaran Period that permitted these delicate creatures to be left behind. It is thought that the fossils were preserved by virtue of rapid covering by ash or sand, trapping them against the mud or microbial mats on which they lived. Ash beds provide more detail, and can readily be precisely dated to the nearest million years or better by means of radiometric dating.
However, it is more common to find Ediacaran fossils under sandy beds deposited by storms or high-energy, bottom-scraping ocean currents known as turbidites. Soft-bodied organisms today almost never fossilise during such events, but the presence of widespread microbial mats probably aided preservation by stabilising their impressions in the sediment below.
What is preserved?
The rate of cementation of the overlying substrate, relative to the rate of decomposition of the organism, determines whether the top or bottom surface of an organism is preserved. Most disc-shaped fossils decomposed before the overlying sediment was cemented, and the ash or sand slumped in to fill the void, leaving a cast of the underside of the organism.
Conversely, quilted fossils tend to decompose "after" the cementation of the overlying sediment; hence their upper surfaces are preserved. Their more resistant nature is reflected in the fact that in rare occasions, quilted fossils are found "within" storm beds, the high-energy sedimentation not having destroyed them as it would have the less-resistant discs. Further, in some cases, the bacterial precipitation of minerals formed a "death mask", creating a mould of the organism.
Types of preservation.
Four different preservational modes are known:

</doc>
<doc id="19937360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937360" title="Crescent Toys">
Crescent Toys

Crescent Toys was a British toy manufacturing company in operation from 1922 to 1980. It manufactured die cast metal vehicles, toy guns, hollow cast and later plastic figures and toy soldiers of various historical periods. The firm was founded by Henry Eagles and Arthur Schneider and was located at 67 DeBeauvoir Crescent, Kingston Road London.
When Henry Eagles died in 1942, his son Harry who was called "Harvey" entered the firm. Crescent restarted after World War II stamping its products DCMT for Die Cast Machine Tools. In 1949 the firm moved to Cwmcarn Wales with "Harvey" Eagles staying in London and setting up a firm by the name of Harvey. Harvey sold his name to the Lone Star Toys company.
Prior to the war, Crescent acquired moulds and stock from C.W. Baker which traded as Reka. Crescent manufactured a series of dioramas depicting various shops and a classroom from 1950s Britain. The company also manufactured Dan Dare sets of figures and "Thunderbirds" toys.

</doc>
<doc id="19937363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937363" title="Motorola i1000plus">
Motorola i1000plus

The Motorola i1000plus is a Motorola iDEN series phone. The phone came out in 1999. It is a clamshell phone. The phone featured the direct connect feature (Two way radio). On Nextel, it offered Nextel Net and other Nextel features. The i1000 plus is a digital phone. The phone, on the battery pack section and with the flip closed measures about 1 inch in thickness.

</doc>
<doc id="19937380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937380" title="Hell Yeah (Ginuwine song)">
Hell Yeah (Ginuwine song)

"Hell Yeah" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine featuring rapper Birdman. It was the lead single for his fourth album "The Senior". It became a U.S. top 20 hit, peaking at number seventeen on the pop singles chart. The official remix features Birdman, R. Kelly and Clipse. The song was written by R. Kelly, who is featured on the official remix.

</doc>
<doc id="19937381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937381" title="Fani Badayuni">
Fani Badayuni

Fani Badayuni born Shaukat Ali Khan (1879 - 27 August 1961) (Urdu شوکت علی خان فانی بدایونی ) was a noted Urdu poet. He was the second most celebrated son of the sleepy Awadh town.
Early life.
Shaukat Ali Khan Fani Badayuni was born in Islamnagar, Badaun, Uttar Pradesh, (then United Provinces) to Shujath Ali Khan, a Zamindar and later with the police as Thanedar (SHO). His great grandfather, Nawab Akbar Ali Khan, had lost his property during the Indian Mutiny. He was schooled at Government Height School and graduated from Barreilly College in 1901, studied law at Aligarh Muslim University, earning L.L.B.degree in 1906.
Career.
Fani started composing poetry around twenty years of age. He translated works of Shakespeare and Milton in Urdu. He practiced law in Bareilly and Lucknow and later at Civil courts in Agra, but could not make much success. He published a Urdu magazine but closed in 1931.
In Hyderabad Deccan.
He migrated to Hyderabad Deccan after The Nizam's Diwan Maharaja Kishan Prasad 'Shad', an Urdu lover and poet, got Fani appointed in the department of Education. 
He was initially offered to join as a munsif (Judge)as he was a Law Graduate. But Fani did not accept it since he was moving from the city. He later accepted the post of a school head master in Hyderabad. During the day, fani would attend school and at night would attend Moazzam Jah's court till early hours. These late nights did not give him enough time to continue at school as head master, he would sleep at the office chair. News spread that he was removed from the post.
Fani was associated with the Junior Prince Moazzam Jah's nocturnal court throughout his life in Hyderabad. With him at the court were Josh Malihabadi, Sadiq Jaisi, Maher Ul Quadri and others.
Style.
Fani belonged to the Ghalib's tradition of Urdu poetry. It will be more appropriate to place Fani in the category of what is known in Urdu as "Sahib-e-gham" because he was a poet of pathos. This tradition in Urdu poetry is headed by Mir Taqi Mir, hence he belongs to Mir's tradition as well. 
He wrote poems after death of his beloved daughter. Fani was a highly emotional and he loved Hyderabad and the society and lived there till his death in 1941.
Bibliography.
His first collection of poems was published in 1917 from Badaun by Naqib Press. His other published works are:-
Other references.
A detailed account of Fani's personal life can be found in the book "Durbaar-e-Durbaar" by Sadq Jaisi in Urdu and in English translation of the same book by Narendera Luther "The Nocturnal Court".

</doc>
<doc id="19937430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937430" title="1966 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1966 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1966 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. The championship was contested over a single 75 mile race staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit near Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia on Easter Monday, 11 April 1966. It was the seventh Australian Touring Car Championship. Ian Geoghegan, driving a Ford Mustang claimed his second Australian Touring Car Championship victory, the first of four consecutive titles he would achieve in Mustangs.
Race summary.
Geoghegan secured pole position while Norm Beechey practiced two cars, choosing to start the more powerful Chevrolet Chevy II Nova over his Mustang despite the Mustang recording the faster lap time. Beechey led the race by a gradually increasing margin until lap 9 when Geoghegan increased his pace and began to reduce Beechey's lead. Beechey faded after Geoghegan took the lead on lap 14. Kevin Bartlett, driving an Alfa Romeo GTA entered by Alec Mildren's race team, was the only other driver to complete the full 20 laps.
John Harvey placed fourth in an Austin Cooper S ahead of the Morris Cooper S entries of Phil Barnes and John French. Despite the three Holden EHs qualifying well, none finished the race within the top ten positions.

</doc>
<doc id="19937438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937438" title="Gogarth railway station">
Gogarth railway station

Gogarth railway station served a sparsely populated area on the north shore of the Dyfi estuary in the Welsh county of Merionethshire.
History.
Opened by the Great Western Railway on 9 July 1923 and originally named "Gogarth Halt", it had a short wooden platform with no shelter. The station passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. Renamed "Gogarth" on 6 May 1968, it was officially closed by the British Railways Board on 30 September 1985, the last train having stopped on 14 May 1984.
The site today.
Trains on the Cambrian Line pass the site of the former halt but there is no trace of its existence..

</doc>
<doc id="19937461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937461" title="Carlos Quintero Arce">
Carlos Quintero Arce

Carlos Quintero Arce, (born February 13, 1920) is a Mexican prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Arce was born in Etzatlán, Mexico and was ordained a priest on April 8, 1944 from the Archdiocese of Guadalajara. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Ciudad Valles on March 20, 1961 and ordained bishop on May 14, 1961. Arce was appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Hermosillo on March 3, 1966 and would succeed as bishop upon retirement of Archbishop Juan María Navarrete y Guerrero on August 18, 1968. Arce retired from the Archdiocese of Hermosillo on August 20, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19937471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937471" title="L'Égyptienne">
L'Égyptienne

"L'Égyptienne" is a world music song performed by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas and French group Les Négresses Vertes. The song was written by Atlas, Matthias Canavese, Stéfane Mellino and Michel Ochowiak and produced by Les Négresses Vertes for the Atlas' second album "Halim" (1997). It was released as a single in 1998.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "L'Égyptienne".
CD single
Promotional CD single
12-inch single
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "L'Égyptienne":

</doc>
<doc id="19937477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937477" title="Deck prism">
Deck prism

A deck prism is a prism inserted into the deck of a ship to provide light down below.
For centuries, sailing ships used deck prisms to provide a safe source of natural sunlight to illuminate areas below decks. Before electricity, light below a vessel's deck was provided by candles, oil and kerosene lamps—all dangerous aboard a wooden ship. The deck prism was a clever solution: laid flush into the deck, the glass prism refracted and dispersed natural light into the space below from a small deck opening without weakening the planks or becoming a fire hazard. 
In normal usage, the prism hangs below the overhead and disperses the light sideways; the top is flat and installed flush with the deck, becoming part of the deck. A plain flat glass window would just form a single bright spot below—not very useful for general illumination—hence the prismatic shape. 
Aboard colliers (coal ships), prisms were also used to keep check on the cargo hold; light from a fire would be collected by the prism and be made visible on the deck even in daylight.
The names "deck light", "dead light" or "deadlight" are sometimes used, though the latter is uncommon as a reference to prisms, as more often refers to non-opening plain-glass panels.

</doc>
<doc id="19937500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937500" title="André-François Deslandes">
André-François Deslandes

André-François Boureau-Deslandes (1689–1757) was a French philosopher.
Deslandes has been viewed as an important precursor of the "Encylopédistes". He was appointed Commissioner of the Port of Brest in 1716, was a corresponding member from La Rochelle of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, and a member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences.
Family background.
Deslandes was born into an important family in Pondichéry. He was the son of André Boureau-Deslandes (born in Tours) and grandson of François Martin (1634-1706), the founder and first governor of Pondichéry. 
His father André Boureau-Deslandes played a major role in the diplomatic relations between France and Siam, then in India where he became Director General of Commerce in Bengal. On his return to France, he was sent to Saint-Domingue as an officer in the Navy of the kings of France and Spain, and inspector-general of "l'Assiente". He was ennobled by letters in 1703 and died at Léogane in 1707. In 1686 he married Deslandes' mother, Marie-Françoise, the daughter of the famous knight Martin, the governor of Pondichéry. They had eight children of which six survived, including two who became clergymen. Deslandes' father brought François Martin's Memoirs back to France as books of manuscripts, and they were later published in three volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19937509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937509" title="Crosman 2100 Classic">
Crosman 2100 Classic

The Crosman 2100B (Crosman 2100 Classic) is an American-made pneumatic Air Gun that is manufactured for small game hunting, large and small pest control, and target shooting.
Design Overview.
The 2100 Classic is manufactured with adjustable iron sights, but the 2100 Classic also has dovetail grooves for fitting a scope onto the gun. The materials are very basic:
"Barrel": Rifled Steel
"Stock": Synthetic
"Forearm": Synthetic
"Muzzle velocity": pellet:725 fps bb:755 fps
Also, for loading the magazine, there is a 17 shot magazine and a 200-round capacity reservoir in the stock for BBs. Pellets are single shot only.
Operation.
Like most air rifles, the 2100 has only one safety, located behind the trigger, but the 2100 also comes with a plastic trigger block to put behind the trigger when not in use, and is only operated by an included special key. To put the gun into a fire-ready mode, the operator must work the action fully open, whether or not a round will be fired, and then close the action fully. Before or after working the action, the operator has to work the air pump at least once to shoot the round, but like most multi-stroke pneumatic air rifles, three pumps is usually the minimum for firing a powerful round, depending on the distance the round is being fired. And most importantly, the safety must be OFF to fire.
Loading.
In order to load the 2100, the Repeater Magazine spring must be pulled back and locked into its notch to keep it in place, and then, after loading the BB reservoir, shaking the rifle up and down or in a twisting motion until the magazine is fully loaded, and then snapping the magazine spring back into the normal position. Then, when the action is worked, the magnetic bolt automatically loads a round into the chamber. Working the action multiple times will put more ammunition into the barrel, but they will roll out of it because only the first round is magnetically held in place.
Legality.
Even though most American States do not regard BB guns as firearms, some states' definition of firearms (i.e. Michigan) is misleading. Though they may consider .177 caliber spring, gas, or air BB guns not to be firearms, the usual definition is only limited to "smooth-bore" BB guns, so one should be careful handling BB guns openly, especially when using an Air Gun with a rifled barrel like the 2100.

</doc>
<doc id="19937528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937528" title="The Naked Heart">
The Naked Heart

The Naked Heart (French title: Maria Chapdelaine) is a 1950 French language motion picture melodrama directed by Marc Allégret, based on the novel "Maria Chapdelaine" by Louis Hémon. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Kieron Moore and Françoise Rosay.
It tells the story of a convent girl in a remote Northern Canadian village at the beginning of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19937529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937529" title="Enea Silvio Piccolomini (general)">
Enea Silvio Piccolomini (general)

Enea Silvio Piccolomini (ca.1640–1689) was an Italian nobleman coming from a well known family from Siena in Italy, who served in the Habsburg army. He is known for leading a campaign against the Ottomans in Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia in 1689, and for setting on fire Skopje, the present day capital of the Republic of Macedonia.
Origins.
Enea Silvio Piccolomini came from the long-established noble family Piccolomini in Siena, Italy, which included two popes: Pius II (born Enea Silvio Piccolomini) and Pius III (born Francesco Todeschini Piccolomini), as well as the Generalfeldmarschall Ottavio Piccolomini.
Early career.
Young nobles left Siena individually and contacted the important Italian lobby in Vienna, hoping to obtain junior positions in some German regiment. In February 1660 Enea Silvio also left Siena to look for career in Vienna. Enea Silvio's father established him in an apartment in the imperial capital, with a page, two valets and a groom for his horses, while the youngster sought audiences with the emperor Leopold I, empress, the archduke and important ministers on the credentials of his famous ancestors. 
A breakthrough came when he managed to obtain a position in the regiment of the minister Count Rabatta. Enea Silvio's situation, like that of other young German and Italian officers, was precarious. When the emperor dissolved some of his regiments in October 1660, he narrowly escaped complete unemployment and was happy to be a simple comet in his patron's cavalry regiment. 
In 1675 Enea Silvio was a lieutenant-colonel on campaign. He describes some desperate and bloody engagements he fought against the French in the Rhineland under Montecuccolli. 
Although his court patron, the empress Claudia Felicitas of Austria died in 1676, he gained sudden popularity with the court, and in January 1677 he describes himself as being feted by the emperor and all the ministers in Vienna - appearing to have as many friends at court as if he had never left it. The last letter from November 1681 shows him negotiating through the Dowager Empress Leonora for the positions of pages for his nephews; for him, they represented two more Piccolomini and Sienese in Germany.
Campaign in the Balkans.
After the siege of Vienna (1683), emperor Leopold I mounted a series of campaigns against the Ottomans (see: Great Turkish War), to capture territories of the Balkans. 
During the Battle of Mohács Enea Silvio Piccolomini, now a lieutenant-general, with some of his cavalry regiments successfully counterattacked and stopped the attack of the numerically much superior Ottoman Sipahi cavalry, helping in saving the left wing of the Habsburg army. 
In 1689 one of the Austrian campaigns was led by Piccolomini. He led an army into Kosovo, where it was welcomed by Patriarch Arsenije III (Carnojevic) and large numbers of Serbs joined the army. 
He attempted to conquer the Ottoman territories of Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia. 
During the offensive, the city of Skopje, present-day capital of the Republic of Macedonia, was plagued by epidemics of cholera. To prevent the outburst of the disease, or, by other accounts, to retaliate for the siege of Vienna, General Piccolomini ordered the city to be burned (see Fire of Skopje). He contracted the plague himself in Skopje. His army was defeated; many of the Serbs fled into exile, led by the Patriarch.

</doc>
<doc id="19937533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937533" title="H1FNT">
H1FNT

H1 histone family, member N, testis-specific is a member of the histone family of nuclear proteins which are a component of chromatin. In humans, this protein is encoded by the "H1FNT" gene.
The H1FNT protein is essential for nuclear formation in spermatozoa, and is involved in the replacement of histones with protamines during spermiogenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19937535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937535" title="Shimshon Amitsur">
Shimshon Amitsur

Shimshon Avraham Amitsur (born Kaplan; ; August 26, 1921 – September 5, 1994) was an Israeli mathematician. He is best known for his work in ring theory, in particular PI rings, an area of abstract algebra.
Biography.
Amitsur was born in Jerusalem and studied at the Hebrew University under the supervision of Jacob Levitzki. His studies were repeatedly interrupted, first by World War II and then by the Israel's War of Independence. He received his M.Sc. degree in 1946, and his Ph.D. in 1950. Later, for his joint work with Levitzki, he received the first Israel Prize in Exact Sciences. He worked at the Hebrew University until his retirement in 1989. Amitsur was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study from 1952 to 1954. He was a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences, where he was the Head for Experimental Science Section. He was one of the founding editors of the "Israel Journal of Mathematics", and the mathematical editor of the Hebrew Encyclopedia. Amitsur received a number of awards, including the honorary doctorate from Ben-Gurion University in 1990. His students included Avinoam Mann, Amitai Regev, Eliyahu Rips and Aner Shalev.
Awards.
Amitsur and Jacob Levitzki were each awarded the Israel Prize in exact sciences, in 1953, its inaugural year.

</doc>
<doc id="19937550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937550" title="Donald Barthelme (architect)">
Donald Barthelme (architect)

Donald Barthelme, Sr. (August 4, 1907 – July 16, 1996) was an architect in Houston, Texas, a teacher of architecture as a professor at the University of Houston and Rice University, and the father of novelist Donald Barthelme, Jr.. 
Barthelme was born on August 4, 1907 in Galveston, Texas. After studying at the Rice Institute in Houston for two years, in 1926 he transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, graduating in 1930. That same year he married Helen Bechtold of Philadelphia. After graduation he worked as an architect in Philadelphia until late in 1932, when he returned to Texas.
A highlight of Barthelme's early career in Texas was his work on the Texas Centennial Exposition, for which he was the lead designer of the exposition's centerpiece building, the Hall of State, which is considered a masterpiece of the Art Deco style and is now the home of the Dallas Historical Society. After the outbreak of World War II he worked on war-related projects. He was a designer on the Avion Village Housing Project near Dallas and later was supervising architect for the Big Spring Air Base in West Texas and war-related housing projects in Galveston and Sweeny, Texas.
Beginning in 1942 and continuing through his retirement from architecture practice in 1963, he designed many school buildings for the West Columbia Independent School District in Brazoria County, Texas. His school designs, the best known of which was the West Columbia Elementary School (1951), earned national and international awards and were featured in numerous publications. He came to be considered an expert on school design, wrote and lectured extensively on the subject, and was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in 1955 in recognition of his work in school architecture. His other notable projects included the St. Rose of Lima Church and School (1948), which was the first modernist Catholic church in Houston and the first building in the city to win an award of merit from the AIA.
From 1946 to 1973 Barthelme served on the faculty of the Architecture Department at the University of Houston, where was an influential member of the faculty and is credited with helping to shape the program in its early years. He also was William Ward Watkin Professor and chairman of the Architecture Department at Rice University from 1959 to 1961, and spent time as a visiting professor at both the University of Pennsylvania and Tulane University.
Barthelme and his wife had five children. The eldest, Donald Barthelme, Jr. (1931–1989), became famous as a writer and novelist and another son, Frederick Barthelme (1943- ), became a prominent exponent of minimalism in American fiction. A third son, Steven Barthelme, is also a prominent novelist.
Donald Barthelme, Sr. died on July 16, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19937558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937558" title="Basal angiosperms">
Basal angiosperms

The basal angiosperms are the flowering plants which diverged from the lineage leading to most flowering plants. In particular, the most basal angiosperms were called the ANITA grade which is made up of "Amborella" (a single species of shrub from New Caledonia), Nymphaeales (water lilies, together with some other aquatic plants) and Austrobaileyales (woody aromatic plants including star anise). ANITA stands for "Amborella", Nymphaeales and Illiciales, Trimeniaceae-"Austrobaileya". Some authors have shortened this to ANA-grade for the three orders, Amborellales, Nymphaeales, and Austrobaileyales, as the order Illiciales was reduced to the family Illiciaceae and placed, along with the family Trimeniaceae, within the Austrobaileyales.
The basal angiosperms are only a few hundred species, compared with hundreds of thousands of species of eudicots, monocots or magnoliids. They diverged from the ancestral angiosperm before the five groups comprising the mesangiosperms diverged from each other.
Phylogeny.
The exact relationships between "Amborella", Nymphaeales and Austrobaileyales are not yet clear. Although most studies show that "Amborella" and Nymphaeales are more basal than Austrobaileyales, and all three are more basal than the mesangiosperms, there is significant molecular evidence in favor of two different trees, one in which "Amborella" is sister to the rest of the angiosperms, and one in which a clade of "Amborella" and Nymphaeales is in this position:
Older terms.
"Paleodicots" (sometimes spelled "palaeodicots") is an informal name used by botanists (Spichiger & Savolainen 1997, Leitch et al. 1998) to refer to angiosperms which are not monocots or eudicots.
The paleodicots correspond to Magnoliidae sensu Cronquist 1981 (minus Ranunculales and Papaverales) and to Magnoliidae sensu Takhtajan 1980 (Spichiger & Savolainen 1997). Some of the paleodicots share apparently plesiomorphic characters with monocots, e.g., scattered vascular bundles, trimerous flowers, and non-tricolpate pollen. 
The "paleodicots" are not a monophyletic group and the term has not been widely adopted. The APG II system does not recognize a group called "paleodicots" but assigns these early-diverging dicots to several orders and unplaced families: Amborellaceae, Nymphaeaceae (including Cabombaceae), Austrobaileyales, Ceratophyllales (not included among the "paleodicots" by Leitch et al. 1998), Chloranthaceae, and the magnoliid clade (orders Canellales, Piperales, Laurales, and Magnoliales). Subsequent research has added Hydatellaceae to the paleodicots.
The term "paleoherb" is another older term for flowering plants which are neither eudicots nor monocots.

</doc>
<doc id="19937593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937593" title="Casanova &amp; Co.">
Casanova &amp; Co.

Casanova & Co. is a 1977 period comedy film starring Tony Curtis. It has many titles during its international release. These are "Casanova & Company" (Italy), "Casanova - sänkykamarivaras" (Finland), "Enas trellos, poly trellos Kazanovas" (Greece), "Hilfe, ich bin eine männliche Jungfrau" (West Germany), "Sex on the Run" (USA) (reissue title), "Some Like It Cool" (USA), "The Amorous Mis-Adventures of Casanova" (USA) (video title), "The Rise and Rise of Casanova" (UK), and "Treize femmes pour Casanova" (France)).
The plot revolves around the adventures of Giacomo Casanova with various women, and a visit to the Republic of Venice by an Ottoman delegation, including a Sultana and her retinue.
Plot.
While hiding from the royal authorities, Giacomo Casanova (Tony Curtis), the famous romancer, encounters his look-alike: Jacomino, a fugitive petty con man. Meanwhile, the Arab Caliph and his wife are arriving in Venice for a state visit, and she insists on a night with the legendary lover. Through a series of erotic encounters and mistaken-identity comedies, Jacomo and Jacomino make their way back to Venice for their appointment with the Caliph's wife.
Synopsis.
In a way, the USA title of "Some Like It Cool" was a piquant comment on the career of star Tony Curtis, whose stardom had chilled since his 1959 appearance in "Some Like It Hot". This time around, Curtis plays famed 18th-century lover Giacomo Casanova. The plot would have us believe that Casanova has suddenly turned impotent, and is deploying all manner of subterfuge to hide the fact. One of Casanova's stratagems is to hire a look-alike (also Curtis) to uphold his reputation between the sheets. The stellar supporting cast — Marisa Berenson, Hugh Griffith, Britt Ekland et al. — seem far more embarrassed by their tawdry, topless surroundings than Curtis, who steamrolls his way through the film with the same dogged determination that he'd demonstrated in his "Yonda lies the castle of my fadduh" formative years.
Video releases.
DVD release October 5, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="19937595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937595" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Placer County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Placer County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Placer County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19937602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937602" title="A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu">
A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu

A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu (also known as Zé Ramalho II) is the second solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1980 and featured one of his greatest hits, Admirável Gado Novo. The song was also used as the opening theme for the telenovela O Rei do Gado.
Tracklisting.
2003 Re-issue.
All music by Zé Ramalho.

</doc>
<doc id="19937633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937633" title="Harry Redhouse">
Harry Redhouse

Harry Redhouse (March 27, 1880 — December 3, 1959) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire. He was born in Brompton.
Redhouse made a single first-class appearance, during the 1900 season, against Lancashire. Batting in the lower order, he scored a duck in the first innings of the match and just four runs in the second, the game finishing in an innings loss to Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19937634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937634" title="Gordon Belcher">
Gordon Belcher

Gordon Belcher (26 September 1885 – 16 May 1915) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hampshire. He was born in Kemp Town and died just outside Richebourg.
Belcher made a single first-class appearance, for Hampshire in 1905. As a lower-middle order batsman, he scored a duck in each of his first-class innings.
Belcher played frequently for Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1910 and 1913.
Belcher died at the age of 29. His father, Thomas, played for Oxford University between 1869 and 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="19937652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937652" title="Love Is on the Line">
Love Is on the Line

Love Is On The Line is the second single by polish singer Edyta Górniak, written by Australian singer Kylie Minogue.
Background.
Love is on the Line was originally written by Australian superstar Kylie Minogue for a promo called Sessions in 1993. 
The single was released in Poland only. The song wasn't released on any album and there is no music video. On November 22, 1999 Love Is On The Line received platinum by polish ZPAV (Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry).
The single cover includes pictures by photographer Adam Krzywka.

</doc>
<doc id="19937656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937656" title="Made in America (Kam album)">
Made in America (Kam album)

Made in America is the second album released by Kam. It was released on March 14, 1995 for East West Records and was produced by DJ Battlecat, DJ Quik, E-A-Ski, Warren G and Cold 187um, among others. "Made in America" was a modest success, peaking at #158 on the Billboard 200, #20 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #8 on the Top Heatseekers. This was Kam's last album for East West Records.
Samples.
Givin' It Up
In Traffic
Trust Nobody

</doc>
<doc id="19937657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937657" title="Oil bourse">
Oil bourse

An oil bourse is a commodities exchange where energy commodities such as crude oil and natural gas are traded. Examples include the New York Mercantile Exchange and the Intercontinental Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19937693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937693" title="2009 Speedway World Cup">
2009 Speedway World Cup

The 2009 FIM Speedway World Cup (SWC) is the ninth FIM Speedway World Cup season. The final took place on 19 July 2009 in Leszno, Poland. The current World Champions are Denmark who won the 2008 final in Vojens, Denmark. It will be the fourth final to be held in Poland, and the second in the Alfred Smoczyk Stadium after the 2007 final was held there when Poland beat Denmark, Australia and Great Britain. Poland won the 2009 Speedway World Cup.
Squads.
Squads for the 2009 Speedway World Cup consisted of 10 riders; the same as the previous tournament in 2008. Each participating national association had to confirm its 10-riders one month before the first tournament meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="19937697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937697" title="Mahler's inequality">
Mahler's inequality

In mathematics, Mahler's inequality, named after Kurt Mahler, states that the geometric mean of the term-by-term sum of two finite sequences of positive numbers is greater than or equal to the sum of their two separate geometric means:
when "x""k", "y""k" > 0 for all "k".
Proof.
By the inequality of arithmetic and geometric means, we have:
and
Hence,
Clearing denominators then gives the desired result. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937698" title="Snow Hill (Laurel, Maryland)">
Snow Hill (Laurel, Maryland)

Snow Hill is a manor house located south of Laurel, Maryland, off Maryland Route 197, in Prince George's County. Built between 1799 and 1801, the one-and-a-half-story brick house is rectangular, with a gambrel roof, interior end chimneys, and shed dormers. It has a center entrance with transom and a small gabled porch. A central hall plan was used, with an elaborate interior and corner cupboards. The original south wing was removed and rebuilt, and the home restored. The Late Georgian style house was the home of Samuel Snowden, part owner of extensive family ironworks, inherited from his father Richard Snowden. and is now owned and operated by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission as a rental facility.
Snow Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19937709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937709" title="Handen på hjärtat">
Handen på hjärtat

"Handen på hjärtat" is a Swedish song by Lasse Holm (music) and Ingela Forsman (lyrics) performed by Sofia Källgren in "Melodifestivalen 1990" and finished in 4th place. Källgren was backed up by three dancers wearing partially furry suits.
The song charted on Svensktoppen for 18 weeks 1 April to 7 October 1990, peaking at no 3.
Cover by Björn Kjellman feat. Salome.
Björn Kjellman feat. Salome performed a slow version with updated lyrics by Jesper Winge Leisner and Søs Fenger for the soundtrack of the 2000 film "Livet är en schlager".

</doc>
<doc id="19937712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937712" title="Canadian Winter Sport Institute">
Canadian Winter Sport Institute

The Canadian Winter Sport Institute, also known as WinSport Canada is a non-profit organization based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada whose mandate is to provide training and development to Canada's Olympic athletes, and to maintain the facilities built for the 1988 Winter Olympics. It was created in 1956 as the Calgary Olympic Development Association (CODA) to bring the Olympics to Calgary, succeeding in its fourth attempt. CODA has been credited with dramatically improving Canada's performance at the Olympics, as medal totals have increased at each subsequent Winter Games held since 1988, to a peak of 26 in the 2010 Winter Olympics, the most recent games held. 
History.
CODA was formed in 1956 with the aim of bringing the Winter Olympic Games to Calgary. It bid for both the 1964 and 1968 games, losing to Innsbruck, Austria and Grenoble, France, respectively. Aided by Peter Lougheed, CODA made a third bid for the 1972 games. The effort appeared to be a sure winner before environmentalists protested Calgary's bid, arguing that the games would cause irreparable damage to Banff National Park. Calgary once again lost, finishing second to Sapporo, Japan. CODA became dormant following the 1966 vote.
In 1979, CODA was resurrected as Calgary began its fourth attempt, initiating a bid for the 1988 games. Led by chairman Frank King, and relying on thousands of volunteers, CODA spent four years attempting to woo support, attending every major sporting event it could to sell International Olympic Committee (IOC) members on Calgary. Calgary faced strong bids from Falun–Åre, Sweden and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, the latter bidder pressuring the IOC to "punish" the Calgary bid for Canada's boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Calgary nonetheless won the bid at a vote held in Baden Baden, West Germany on September 30, 1981.
CODA gave way to the Calgary Olympic Committee (Olympiques Calgary Olympics '88, or OCO '88), which organized the games themselves. The Calgary games generated a C$90 million profit, of which $70.5 million was created into an endowment fund for CODA to maintain and operate the Olympic facilities following the games. Today, that fund has grown to $185 million. The "Toronto Star" challenged the claim of profitability in 1999 following Toronto's failed bid for the 1996 Summer Olympics, claiming that $461 million in government spending was not accounted for in the final figures.
With the completion of the games, CODA rededicated itself to maintaining the facilities left in the legacy of the games, and in developing Canada's Olympic athletes. CODA is credited with contributing to Canada's dramatic improvement at the Winter Olympics, as the nation has seen an increase in podium finishes in every games since Calgary, growing to 26 medals at the 2010 Winter Games from just five at Calgary.
On January 23, 2009, CODA became the Canadian Winter Sport Institute, the first such institution in Canada.
Facilities.
WinSport Canada maintains several facilities built for the 1988 games. Chief among them is Canada Olympic Park (COP). The primary facility of Canada's first Centre of Sport Excellence, COP still receives over one million visitors per year. COP is also home to Canada's Olympic Hall of Fame and Museum.
The Olympic Oval was the first covered speed skating venue in North America, and remains one of the fastest speed skating surfaces in the world. Over 150 world records have been set at the Oval. The Oval continues to host international speed skating events, while also serving as the home arena for the Calgary Oval X-Treme women's ice hockey team.
WinSport Canada also runs the National Sport School in partnership with the Calgary Board of Education. Founded in 1994, the National Sport School is specifically designed for Olympic calibre students in grades nine through 12, allowing them to compete internationally without compromising their studies. 20 current or former students at the school represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19937722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937722" title="Toshiaki Iwashiro">
Toshiaki Iwashiro


</doc>
<doc id="19937723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937723" title="1962 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1962 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1962 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title for Appendix J Touring Cars. It was contested as a single race, staged at the Longford Circuit, in Tasmania, Australia on 3 March 1962. The title, which was the third Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by Bob Jane, driving a Jaguar 3.8 litre Mark 2.
Classes.
Cars competed in six engine capacity classes.
There were no entries in the 1600cc – 2000cc class.
Race.
Despite the geographic difficulties of crossing Bass Strait to get to the Longford street circuit, all four available Jaguars attended the 1962 ATCC meeting. However, Ian Geoghegan's 3.4 litre example broke an axle in practice and, with his team's spares trapped on the mainland, the car did not start in the title race. Bob Jane, having spent the year preparing his largely unmodified 1961 Mark 2 into its 1962 form, was able to win by 23.8 seconds from defending champion Bill Pitt, with the other Jaguar, driven by Bill Burns, finishing third. The best ever ATCC performance by a Peugeot saw Ken Bridgen finish in fourth position, just beating the ailing Holden of Des West to the finish line. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937739" title="Norman Dunham">
Norman Dunham

Norman Dunham (December 9, 1925 — June 2005) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Quorn and died in Leicester.
Dunham made a single first-class appearance for the side, against Hampshire in 1949. Batting in the tailend, he scored 3 runs in the first innings and 12 not out in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19937757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937757" title="List of Oakland Athletics Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Oakland Athletics Opening Day starting pitchers

The Oakland Athletics are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in Oakland, California. They play in the American League West division. The club was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1901, moved to Kansas City, Missouri in 1955 and relocated to Oakland in 1968. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day.
Since their arrival in Oakland, the A's home field has been the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum, a multi-purpose stadium that has also been used for football, and soccer games. Commonly referred to as The Oakland Coliseum, or simply The Coliseum, it was formally known as Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum (1966–1998, Present), Network Associates Coliseum (1998–2004) and McAfee Coliseum (2004–2008). The A's played their 1996 Opening Day game at Cashman Field in Las Vegas, Nevada while repairs at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum were being completed, the first time in 39 years that a major league team played in a minor-league ballpark.
In Oakland, the A's have used 26 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 44 seasons. The 26 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 14 wins, 16 losses and 14 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game or if the starting pitcher pitches fewer than five innings. Of the 14 no decisions, the A's went on to win six and lose eight of those games, for a team record on Opening Day of 20 wins and 24 losses.
Since it moved to Oakland, the team has played 25 of their Opening Day games at home: 23 at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum and one each in Las Vegas and Tokyo. Of the 24 games played in Oakland, the A's starting pitchers have a record of 8 wins, 7 losses and 10 no decisions (the team won six and lost four of these no decisions). The 1996 game at Cashman Field was a loss for starter Carlos Reyes and the 2008 game in the Tokyo Dome was a no decision for starter Joe Blanton that ended in an A's loss. Overall, the team's starting pitchers' record in home games is 8–8 (with ten no decisions).
The A's have advanced to the playoffs 15 times while in Oakland, winning the American League Championship Series six times and going on to win the World Series in 1972, 1973, 1974 and 1989. In the 15 seasons that the A's advanced to the playoffs, the teams Opening Day starting pitchers have had a record of eight wins, three losses and two no decisions; the team ultimately won three and lost one of the no decisions. The team's starters won four and lost one Opening Day game in the six seasons they advanced to the World Series.
Catfish Hunter was the team's first Opening Day starter after the team moved to Oakland, taking a 3–1 loss to the Baltimore Orioles at Memorial Stadium in 1968.
Pitchers.
Opening Day starting pitchers listed in descending order by the number of Opening Day starts for the A's in Oakland:

</doc>
<doc id="19937764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937764" title="Star Wolves">
Star Wolves

Star Wolves (Russian: Звездные волки) is a real-time, futuristic video game developed by Russian video game developer X-bow Software combining role-playing and real-time tactics gameplay. It was first published in 2004 in Russia by 1C Company, and later in 2005 and 2006 in other parts of Europe and North America, respectively. A sequel, "Star Wolves 2", was published in Russia in 2006 and in North America in 2007. Star Wolves 3 Civil War is the latest game of the series.
Gameplay.
The game features a mix of role-playing and tactical elements, and is centered around controlling a mothership and small armada of ships in real-time using the mouse in a manner very similar to "Homeworld". Ships are piloted by characters whose skills advance as the game progresses. The player is able to select from a number of skill specializations for each character, making each character unique. Players can likewise customize each ship's armament and purchase new equipment on the open and black markets. At various times in the game, new characters will join the player's party so that the team becomes larger and more diverse.
Plot.
The game is set in the future after mankind has journeyed into outer space and formed an interstellar Empire. During the course of the game the Empire becomes threatened by an alien species as well as the huge mega-corporations that have grown to control more and more of people's lives. The player is tasked with forming a rag-tag band of mercenaries to take on missions for the various factions, as well playing his or her own hand in humanity's destiny.
Development.
The game was originally envisioned as a turn-based successor to "Homeworld", but continued development saw an increased focus on characters and the addition of the "Smart Pause" feature found in such games as "Baldur's Gate".
Reception.
"Star Wolves"' Metacritic score and MobyRank (two composite scores of video game reviews) are 61 and 73 as of January, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19937765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937765" title="Breach Candy Hospital">
Breach Candy Hospital

Breach Candy Hospital is a hospital located in Mumbai, India.
History.
It was established in 1950 at the upmarket Breach Candy area in South Mumbai, and designed by an English architect Claude Batley. Many famous Bollywood stars have given birth to their children at this hospital, including Bollywood superstar Sridevi who gave birth to her daughter Khushi here in 2000, Karishma Kapoor who gave birth to son Kiaan Raj Kapoor in 2010 and actress Sonali Bendre who gave birth to son Ranveer.
Infrastructure.
Breach Candy is a 212-bed hospital. It is well equipped, with a full suite of modern diagnostic equipment.
Notable incidents.
Former Indian Prime Minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee underwent a knee surgery at the hospital.
Vilasrao Deshmukh, who served as Minister of Science and Technology and Minister of Earth Sciences, was suffering from critical illness and was admitted to Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital in the first week of August 2012, where he was diagnosed with both liver and kidney failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19937773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937773" title="Fire of Skopje 1689">
Fire of Skopje 1689

In 1689 the Austrian General Enea Silvio Piccolomini led an army to capture Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia from the Ottoman Empire. During the offensive, the city of Skopje, present-day capital of the Republic of Macedonia, was plagued by epidemics of cholera. To prevent the outburst of the disease, or, by other accounts, to retaliate for the siege of Vienna, General Piccolomini ordered the city to be burned.
The fire of Skopje started on 26 October 1689, lasted for two days, burning much of the city; only some stone-built structures, such as the fortress and some churches and mosques, were relatively undamaged. The fire had disastrous effect on the city: its population declined from around 60,000 to around 10,000, and it lost its regional importance as a trading centre. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937784" title="Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1996">
Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1996

This is a list of "Billboard" magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19937797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937797" title="St Mary's Cathedral, Tuam">
St Mary's Cathedral, Tuam

St Mary's Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in the Church of Ireland. It is located in Tuam, County Galway in Ireland. From the 12th century until 1839, both before and after the Reformation, it was the seat of the former Archdiocese of Tuam. Most of the present structure dates from the 1870s, but parts of earlier 12th- and 14th-century structures survive within.
Origins.
The founder and first bishop of Tuam is considered to be St Jarlath, who founded the church about 501. The traditional date of his death is 540. However, the names of only two other bishops of Tuam are recorded before the 11th century, Ferdomnach (died 781) and Eugene mac Clerig (died 969).
The medieval importance of Tuam was chiefly the result of its becoming the seat of the O'Connor High Kings of Ireland in the early 11th century. The O'Connors had previously been based at Cruachain, County Roscommon.
The first cathedral on the present site was begun in the 12th century, when Turlough O'Connor (1088–1156) was High King. This marked the establishment of Tuam as the seat of an archbishop, an event which followed the Synod of Kells of 1152.
The first cathedral lasted only a few years and was destroyed by fire in 1184, recorded thus in the "Annals of Lough Cé": "The great church of Tuam-da-Ghualann fell in one day, both roof and stone". After this, no rebuilding was attempted for some one hundred years, except that in the 13th century a small parish church was built on the site of an old monastery. This long delay was largely the result of the Norman invasion of Ireland, which left the city of Tuam in ruins.
In the 14th century, a second St Mary's Cathedral was begun, a little to the east of the original building and incorporating into its entrance the remains of the 12th-century chancel and sanctuary. This was then a Roman Catholic place of worship, which it remained until, following the English Reformation, William Mullaly was appointed by Queen Elizabeth I as the first Church of Ireland Archbishop of Tuam, thus dispossessing the Catholic clergy.
Present cathedral.
With the coming of the railway to Tuam in 1861, and the enlargement of the garrison, the town's Anglican population increased and this led to the building of a third cathedral on the site, designed by the architect Sir Thomas Newenham Deane, which was begun in about 1864 and completed in 1878. Charles James Seymour was the Dean at the time. The new or third cathedral was built on the site of the first cathedral and incorporated the Hiberno-Romanesque Arch, while the second deBurgo cathedral became the Diocesan Synod Hall, Library and Registry. The cathedral was consecrated on 9 October 1878, with the Bishop of Cork as preacher. The funding for this rebuilding was helped by the combination of Church of Ireland dioceses into the new Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in 1839.
The style is Irish pointed. The building is 150 ft. long, and the transepts 75 ft. wide. The oak reredos is taken from St. Columb's Cathedral Church, Derry. The chancel chairs were presented by the 5th Marquess of Sligo. The present sanctuary floor was quarried at the Merlin quarries, Galway. The Bishop's Throne, the Pulpit, the Font and the Chapter Stalls were made of Caen stone and Irish marble. The original organ, which has been rebuilt, was the gift of Archbishop Josiah Hort in 1742. At the S.W. end of the cathedral is a portion of an ancient Irish Cross.
The Synod Hall stalls are reputed to have been in a Piedmontese monastery, and brought to Ireland by Edward Joshua Cooper M.P. of Markree Castle, Co. Sligo and were later presented to St. Mary's Cathedral.
The present-day cathedral contains antiquities such as a Romanesque 12th-century chancel-arch which has been called "the finest example of Hiberno-Romanesque architecture now extant". It also contains the High Cross of Tuam, a national monument which was moved to its present site in 1992, and a significant part of the 14th-century cathedral. In the south aisle, the ornamented shaft of another high cross dating from the late 12th century survives, while the choir stalls are Italian baroque and date from about 1740. The incorporation of these older structures was contrary to the wishes of Sir Thomas Deane. The High Cross of Tuam was erected in the 12th century by Turlough O'Connor to mark the completion of the first cathedral and the appointment of the first Archbishop of Tuam.
The stained glass west window, depicting the Transfiguration of our Lord, dates from 1913 and is very fine. Other smaller windows show figures from the Old Testament, Moses, David, Solomon, Ezra, Malachi and John the Baptist, and a window depicting Christ the King was installed in memory of Deane, the cathedral's architect.
Some major renovations took place between 1985 and 1993, and a new central heating system was added in September 2000.
The Cathedral is open to visitors on Fridays (morning and afternoon) during the Summer months.
Chancel arch.
The 12th-century Hiberno-Romanesque Triumphal Arch is one of the outstanding features of St Mary's Cathedral, Tuam. It is the only remaining part of the original cathedral, erected at this site during the reign of Turlough O'Connor.
The Nave of O’Connor’s cathedral collapsed in 1184 due to a fire, with only the stone chancel arch escaping. In the 14th century a new cathedral was built by the DeBurgo family, but to the east of the old building, with the chancel arch becoming the entrance to the new cathedral. The chancel arch was blocked up by a stone-and-wooden structure, in the centre of which was placed a door. This structure remained in place for over 500 years. Thus, the chancel arch was exposed to the elements for this period, and it is remarkable that it has remained in such a good state of preservation. It was not until the 19th century that it became once again the chancel of the present cathedral.
The rounded chancel arch is Hiberno-Romanesque in style, and is built of red sandstone. As there is no keystone in the arch, the columns supporting the capitals of the arch have a slight inward inclination in order to bear and support the tremendous weight of the whole structure. This means that the columns are not perpendicular, so that the space at the base of the supporting columns is wider than at the capitals. The arch which is perfectly circular, is 22 ft. 6 ins. wide at the base and 16 ft. high from the ground. It consists of six consecutive semi-circular arches of elaborately ornamented stonework supported on columns, which with the exception of the outside one, on each side, are semi-circular and not ornamented. The capitals are richly sculptured with a variety of interlaced traceries, something similar to those on the base of the High Cross in the Square. There are carved grotesque faces on the jambs.
In the judgement of antiquary, Dr. George Petrie, "The Ancient Church of Tuam, was not only a larger but more splendid structure than Cormac's Church at Cashel, and not unworthy of the powerful Monarch to whom it chiefly owes its erection." In looking at the arch one is indeed so impressed by its dignity and beauty, that one is given a real vision of what the ancient cathedral must have been in its original glory and splendour – one of the outstanding cathedrals of its period in Western Europe.
The communion silver.
The earliest pieces of the Communion silver date from the reign of Charles II. During the Cromwellian period, the earlier silver apparently disappeared from Tuam, as occurred in many places, but reappeared later.
The present set of silver used in the cathedral is composed of six pieces. Four of the items are pre-1700, but the inscription on two of the items seems to point to a later date.
The two oldest pieces are a chalice and a paten. The chalice bears the inscription, "Ex dono Revernd mi Patris in Christo Sam Providentia Divina Tuamensis Archieppi & Feneborensis Epis Conaecieq Metropolitani." Its dimensions are 10 inches high and 5 inches diameter. The paten, the surface of which is quite scratched, has the inscription, "Sam Tuamensis", and measures 7.5 inches in diameter. Neither piece is hallmarked. These two items date from the Archbishopric of Samuel Pullen (c. 1660 – 1666).
Both the second chalice and the paten are hallmarked and bear the inscription, "Ecclesiae Cathedralis Stae Mariae Tuamensis 1678". The dimensions of the chalice are 10 inches high with a diameter of 5.5 inches, with the paten measuring 7.5 inches in diameter. There is also a cover for the chalice. These two items date from the Archbishopric of John Vesey (c. 1678 – 1716),
There are also two flagons with a similar inscription, "Ex dono Viri Venerabilis Honorabilis Thoma Vesey, Episcopi Laonensis Equitis Aurati quondam Archdiaconi Tuamensis in Usum Ecclesiac Cathedralis do Tuam & Gloriam SS & Individuae Trinitatis." These hallmarked flagons are 10 inches high and 7 inches in diameter. One flagon is in good order but the other is somewhat damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="19937805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937805" title="Skye Records">
Skye Records

Skye Records was a music label formed in early 1968 by vibist Cal Tjader, guitarist Gábor Szabó, composer/musician Gary McFarland, and music executive Norman Schwartz. 
Its catalog was primarily jazz-oriented, although some Skye artists offered pop, soft-rock, and ambitious orchestral concepts. The label scored an unexpected Top 40 hit in 1970 with "Watch What Happens," by singer Lena Horne and Gábor Szabó.
The label released 21 studio albums before declaring bankruptcy in 1970. Its catalog was acquired by Buddha Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19937810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937810" title="Louleh a.s Shiraz BC">
Louleh a.s Shiraz BC

Louleh a.s Shiraz is a professional Iranian basketball club based in Shiraz, Iran. The team competes in the Iranian Basketball Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19937813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937813" title="Love You More (Ginuwine song)">
Love You More (Ginuwine song)

"Love You More" is the final single by American singer Ginuwine from his fourth studio album "The Senior".

</doc>
<doc id="19937816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937816" title="Ramón Muttis">
Ramón Muttis

Ramón Alfredo Muttis (12 March 1899 - 12 January 1955) was an Argentine football defender who won five league titles with Boca Juniors. He also played for the Argentina national team winning the 1925 Copa América.
Muttis (sometimes recorded as Mutis) started his career with Argentine club Wanderers, in 1920 he joined Club Atlético Atlanta where he was part of the team that won the Copa de Honour in 1920.
Muttis joined Boca Juniors in 1923, the same year that he made his international debut. He won five league championships with the club and a further four cup competitions. He made a total of 237 appearances for Boca spanning ten seasons earning the nickname "Ramón, el Fuerte" (Ramón the strong). 
Muttis played in two editions of the Copa América, winning the tournament in 1925 and finishing second in 1926. he was part of the Argentina squad for the 1930 FIFA World Cup but he only played in one game, against France.
Muttis retired in 1932 but came out of retirement in 1936 to play for Argentinos Juniors. He went on to become player-manager of Almagro leading them to the 2nd division championship in 1937 and in 1940 he was the manager of the Argentinos Juniors that won the 2nd division championship.
Titles.
Atlanta
Boca Juniors
Argentina

</doc>
<doc id="19937820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937820" title="Iota Phi Lambda">
Iota Phi Lambda

Iota Phi Lambda Sorority Inc. (ΙΦΛ) is the first African American Greek-lettered business sorority established by African American business women. There are now more than 100 chapters with membership numbering more than 5,000 in 85 cities and the US Virgin Islands. Iota Phi Lambda is not an NPHC sorority and dual membership within Iota Phi Lambda Sorority and NPHC sororities is allowed. 
History.
The sorority was founded on June 1, 1929 in Chicago, Illinois by Lola Mercedes Parker. The founding of the sorority was important for African American women as after World War I there was the "Great Migration" of blacks from the South to the Northern cities, seeking greater opportunities and a more tolerant society. These changes underscored the need for blacks to learn new skills. These skills, in turn, would hopefully ensure a better way of life for tens of thousands of blacks that had migrated northward. 
National programs.
American Education Week – Members work in support of the National Education Association via its national theme to celebrate and embrace America's public schools.
Black History Month – Programs are designed to encourage youth and adults to understand the issues facing and faced by African Americans, to share ideas, reactions, and to recognize those African Americans who have historically impacted America.
Business Month – Iota's capstone programs occur throughout the month of April. Activities focus on efforts to stimulate interest in business education and to give recognition to those who have made outstanding achievements in the field of business.
National projects.
Lola M. Parker Award (Outstanding Woman of the Year)
Mahala S. Evans Award (Outstanding Sorority of the Year)
Career Exploration – Programs are designed to help broaden youths' awareness of and to assist in preparing them for the "world of work."
Tutorial Services – Members assist the educational system by providing remedial help for those with academic weaknesses, and work to eradicate illiteracy.
Toys U Can't Return A Teen Pregnancy Prevention Project designed to help educate communities about teenage pregnancy and develop effective action agendas for preventing children from having children.
Iota Mothers Career Assistance Program (IM-CAP) – Program designed to provide outreach services to meet the needs of teens (ages 11–19) and disadvantaged mothers (ages 20–40)
Future Iota Leaders (FIL) are preteen and teenage girls and boys who are mentored by members of the Iota family. Programs provide socialization and development opportunities for youth leadership training, and encourage them to realize their potentials to the fullest.
Scholarships are awarded annually on the chapter, regional, and national levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19937821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937821" title="Monica (actress)">
Monica (actress)

Monica or Monika (born Rekha Maruthiraj on 25 August 1987) is an Indian film actress, who predominantly stars in Tamil language films. A child artist in the early 1990s, she mostly appeared in supporting roles, before essaying lead roles from the late 2000s on. She is probably best known for performances in the films "Azhagi", "Imsai Arasan 23m Pulikesi" and "Silandhi". Recently changed her name to Parvana.

</doc>
<doc id="19937823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937823" title="1963 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1963 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1963 Australian Touring Car Championship was the fourth running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. It was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Appendix J Touring Cars, contested over a single 25 lap, 50 mile (80 km) race at the Mallala in South Australia on 15 April 1963. The race was won by Bob Jane, driving a 4.1 litre Jaguar Mark 2.
Race.
Much of the interest in the 1963 ATCC centred around an anticipated duel between Bob Jane's much developed Jaguar Mark 2 and Norm Beechey's new Chevrolet Impala. The confrontation failed to eventuate after the Impala blew its engine the previous weekend and was a non starter. Beechey raced his backup car, a Holden 48-215, but retired on the opening lap. Jane raced away from pole position at a pace that leading Chrysler Valiant driver Ern Abbott could not match. Clem Smith in another Valiant claimed third place ahead of Harry Firth racing a Ford works prepared Ford Cortina.

</doc>
<doc id="19937824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937824" title="Le Château de verre">
Le Château de verre

Le Château de verre (English title: The Glass Castle) is a 1950 French language motion picture romantic drama directed by René Clément who co-wrote the screenplay with Gian Bistolfi and Pierre Bost, based on the novel "Sait-on jamais" by Vicki Baum. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean Marais, Jean Servais (French version), Fosco Giachetti (Italian version) and Elisa Cegani.

</doc>
<doc id="19937842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937842" title="Martin Wagner (architect)">
Martin Wagner (architect)

Martin Wagner (1885 - 1957) was a German architect, city planner, and author, best known as the driving force behind the construction of modernist housing projects in interwar Berlin. 
Germany.
Tall, angular, loyally Socialist, and uncompromising in his opinions, Wagner was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and worked as draftsman in the office of planner Hermann Muthesius, before being appointed the City Building Commissioner for Schöneberg in 1918 (now an inner-city area of Berlin). 
He served as the chief city planner of Berlin from 1925, and most of Berlin's Modernist Housing Estates, now recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, were constructed under his leadership. In 1924 he founded the building society Gehag, which was responsible for seventy percent of Berlin's housing built from 1924 through 1933, amounting to many thousands of residential units. 
Wagner was more planner than design-architect, and few individual building designs are directly attributable to him. His role was parallel to Ernst May's role in Frankfurt-am-Main: the leader of a large-scale effort to standardize building requirements, rationalize construction practice, organize industrial suppliers and labor unions, all in the effort to mass-produce housing. 
In his German projects Wagner was a frequent collaborator with German landscape architect Leberecht Migge. 
As the Nazis came to power through the early 1930s, Wagner fell under increasing pressure and suspicion as a committed Social Democrat and longtime member of the SPD. He was expelled from the Deutscher Werkbund in 1933 and decided to leave the country. He spent three years in Turkey in exile. His work there included the city plan for Ankara, and a brief reunion with colleague Bruno Taut.
United States.
In 1938 Wagner took a position teaching city planning at the Harvard Graduate School of Design, his immigration to the United States assisted by his colleague Walter Gropius. Among Wagner's students at the GSD were William Wurster and Catherine Bauer. 
But already by 1940, his relationship with Gropius was strained. Wagner complained of Gropius abandoning the underlying social principles of modernism, and practicing modernism only as a style. On the other hand, Wagner's purism may not have been serving him well: in 1944 he produced a new city plan for Boston which called for a complete razing and restructuring of the city's entire downtown area. 
Wagner took American citizenship in 1944; he served as professor at the GSD until retirement in 1951. Wagner's son Bernard Wagner was also an architect.

</doc>
<doc id="19937843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937843" title="Free Luxembourger Workers' Union">
Free Luxembourger Workers' Union

The Free Luxembourger Workers' Union (, abbreviated 'FLA') was a national trade union centre in Luxembourg, active between 1945 and 1965.
Founding.
FLA was founded in 1945, after a split in the "Lëtzebuerger Arbechterverband" (LAV). The founders of FLA revolted against the anti-communist stance of the LAV leadership.
Communist links.
Several of the FLA leaders were also members of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Luxembourg, including the FLA president Nic Momper and general secretary Jos Grandgenet. The opponents of FLA accused it of being a communist front. LAV charged that the founding of FLA had been an idea hatched by the communist leader Dominique Urbany.
FLA was affiliated to the World Federation of Trade Unions.
Onset of the Cold War.
At the time of its foundation FLA had around 10-11 000 members. As of 1946, FLA was the largest trade union centre amongst blue-collar workers. It was the majority union in metal industries and mines (with the exception of the mines at Dudelange, were LAV retained their prominence). However, it began to decline with the onset of the Cold War. From 1949 onwards the influence of FLA declined. An important factor contributing to this development was the exclusion of FLA from collective bargaining negotiations, a policy upheld by both the Luxembourgian employers as well as the trade union competitors (LAV and the LCGB). FLA was however able to retain a foothold in industries in small and medium-sized companies in rural areas of the country for some time.
In the 1950 elections to the Labour Chamber, FLA trailed behind both LAV and LCGB.
Later phase and dissolution.
In 1958 FLA, along with three other WFTU-affiliated labour centres in Western Europe (CGT, CGIL, EVC) set up a Common Market Action Committee.
In 1965 FLA was dissolved. At the time of its dissolution, it had around 1500 members. Most of them joined LAV unions.

</doc>
<doc id="19937852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937852" title="DARPA TIPSTER Program">
DARPA TIPSTER Program

The DARPA TIPSTER Text program was started in 1991 by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). It supported research to improve informational retrieval and extraction software and worked to deploy these improved technologies to government users. This technology was of particular interest to defense and intelligence analysts who must review increasingly large amounts of text.

</doc>
<doc id="19937915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937915" title="When We Make Love (Ginuwine song)">
When We Make Love (Ginuwine song)

"When We Make Love" is a song by American recording artist Ginuwine, taken from his fifth studio album "Back II Da Basics" (2005). It was written by Ernest E. Dixon and Will C. Solomon, while production was helmed by the latter. Released as the album's first single, it peaked at number 51 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, becoming his lowest-charting leading single. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937921" title="Nils Johan Rud">
Nils Johan Rud

Nils Johan Rud (24 July 1908 – 7 June 1993) was a Norwegian novelist, writer of short stories, children's writer, and a magazine editor. He is particularly known for his long-term period as editor of the magazine "Arbeidermagasinet" / "Magasinet For Alle".
Personal life.
Nils Johan Rud was born in Ringsaker as the son of Mons Nilsen Rud and Emma Johanne Nergaard. He married Aase Gudlaug Hellum in 1934, and is the father of Jazz drummer Espen Rud. He died in Asker in 1993.
Career.
Rud published the children's book "Gutter på skoggang" in 1928, and continued writing children's books. In 1930 came "Karsemne", in 1931 "Skaugumtrollet", and "Tusser og troll" in 1934. He wrote "Stifinner" in 1935, and "Et riktig mannfolk" in 1936, all books for children. The book "Alle tiders største" was about sports, and Rud was involved as an administrator in the club IF Frisk Asker. His first novel was "Vi skal ha et barn" from 1933, while his breakthrough was "Jeg er ingen proletar" from 1935. Among his other novels were "Oppfordring til dans" (1957) and "Eirene" (1966). He wrote more than forty books during his career. His novel "Ekko i det gamle tun" from 1982 won first prize in a novel competition. His last book was the novel "En fremmed i speilet" from 1993. In addition to his novels Rud wrote a large number of short stories. Among his short story collections were "Fri Jord" from 1945, and "Det var en lørdag aften" from 1959. he was a recognized author, being a board member of the Norwegian Authors' Union from 1936 to 1945.
Before working in the press, Rud had a number of other jobs. He worked as an apprentice at a soda factory and a tailor's workshop, and as a gardener and salesman. From 1931 to 1932 he edited the local newspaper "Asker Blad". Rud then edited the magazine "Arbeidermagasinet" (later renamed "Magasinet for Alle") from 1932 to 1970. The magazine was especially noted for its literary quality and its promotion of the short story. As an editor of this magazine Rud read and commented on more than 100,000 manuscripts.
Rud was awarded Gyldendal's Endowment in 1947, and again in 1974. From 1961 he was given the state grant for artists. He received the Dobloug Prize in 1979. He received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1987 and the Alf Prøysen Honorary Prize in 1988. He was decorated Knight, First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19937932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937932" title="Marika Krevata">
Marika Krevata

Marika Krevata (Greek: Μαρίκα Κρεβατά; 1910 – September 14, 1994) was a Greek actress of theatre and film.
Biography.
Marika was the daughter of Stamatis Krevatas (musician) and Sofias (actress in Constantinople (now Istanbul), of the Panteliadis). She was born in Athens in 1910. Krevata lost her father and her little sister Thaleia when she was 2. Her childhood years were poor. She first appeared in theatre at an early age. In the beginning she took part in companies which toured the Greek outdoors along with children's acts including "Daskalitsa" ("Δασκαλίτσα") by Nicodemi next to Marika Kotopouli. She later appeared in operettas by Georgios Xydis which included her first substantial appearance in the company with Rozalias Nika. She spent time at various theatre companies, including Manos Filippidis, which became famous in the musical theatre of old Athens and Krevata played Eva in the same opera by Lehár in the Lyric Scene.
Krevatas also wrote "Pipitsa" based on the work of Prinea-Mastora.
In the early 1930s, she met Angelos Mavropoulos, protagonist of operas in which three months after her marriage was divorced, six months later, she raised her first child Gelly Mavropoulou. She loved her second husband Giorgos Gavriilidis (died in 1982) as much as life and as much as her work.
Marika retired from theatre in 1972. She was left alone and spoke French. She died on September 14, 1994 at the age of 84 at the Athens Clinic. She is buried at the Kokkinos Milos.

</doc>
<doc id="19937949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937949" title="I'm in Love (Ginuwine song)">
I'm in Love (Ginuwine song)

"I'm in Love" is a song by American recording artist Ginuwine, taken from his fifth studio album "Back II Da Basics" (2005). Co-written and produced by Troy Oliver, it was released as the second and final single from the album, reaching number 69 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19937955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937955" title="Pennsylvania state elections, 2005">
Pennsylvania state elections, 2005

Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 8, 2005. Necessary primary elections were held on May 17, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="19937958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937958" title="Darker than Amber">
Darker than Amber

Darker than Amber (1966) is the seventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins with McGee and his close friend Meyer are fishing underneath a bridge and a young woman, bound and weighted, is thrown over the bridge. It was also adapted into a 1970 film of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19937965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937965" title="Krysten Moore">
Krysten Moore

Kyrsten Moore (born 1989) from Mahwah, New Jersey, is the founder of "S.H.I.N.E." (Students Helping Instill New Esteem), the winner of the 2007 Miss Teen New Jersey International pageant, the 2008 National American Miss New Jersey Teen pageant, and is the "National Youth Ambassador": and spokesperson for Love Our Children USA and STOMP Out Bullying.
Because of bullying of which she was herself a victim, she founded S.H.I.N.E. as a means to educate others as to the harmful effects of bullying and how each can stand up, speak out and make a difference. Through her organization she has been able to speak to thousands of students worldwide. As an honor student at Immaculate Heart Academy recognized by the 2004/2005 Who's Who Among American High School Students, she entered the "Miss Teen International" pageant, received the "Congeniality Award", and was chosen "Miss Teen New Jersey International". She is now the "National Bully Prevention" spokesperson for Love Our Children USA and has accumulated more than 15,500 hours of community service by volunteering with organizations such as Habitat for Humanity MDA and the Juvenile Diabetes Research Fund. In sharing her message, She has been featured on the "Rachael Ray Show", CBS Early Show, Good Day Street Talk, New Jersey News 12, New Jersey FIOS News One, WGBY Connecting Point, ABC Extreme Home Makeover, MTV Documentary Bullied, Cake Boss and rang the NASDAQ closing bell.
Moore participated as a special presenter on the subject of bullying at the 3rd and 14th Annual New York State Cyber Security Awareness Conference in Albany, New York. Moore also has presented at JLBC Star Power Convention. She was also a guest speaker at the Victoria Secret Fashion Show Viewing Party, a presenter at one of President Obama's 100 Youth Roundtables, speaker at Kellogg K's and Allies, in 2007 won President Bush's Gold Medal of Service, in 2008 received President Obama's Lifetime Call to Service Award for her dedication to community service, and was recently nominated for induction into the New Jersey's Governor's Hall of Heroes.
Krysten recently won Miss South Jersey 2010, Miss Columbus Day 2011, Miss Bergen County 2012, Miss Gateway 2013 and will compete for Miss New Jersey in June. Moore is actively fundraising for S.H.I.N.E, Children’s Miracle Network, STOMP Out Bullying, and Love Our Children USA, and hopes to be on the Miss America stage in 2014.
Krysten also took 2nd place in the national Glamour Shots Model Search modeling contest. She also does a bi-weekly radio show segment called Kudos from Krysten with the Under Review Show.

</doc>
<doc id="19937980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937980" title="The Strange Madame X">
The Strange Madame X

The Strange Madame X () is a 1951 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon. The screenplay was written by Marcelle Maurette, Pierre Laroche (dialogue) and Albert Valentin (adaptation). The film stars Michèle Morgan and Henri Vidal. It tells the story of a housemaid who married an aristocrat, but she falls in love with a low-born laborer and gets pregnant.

</doc>
<doc id="19937993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19937993" title="Sentimiento llanero">
Sentimiento llanero

Sentimiento llanero ("Llanero feeling") is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan singer Ángel Custodio Loyola, with the record label "Discomoda". This album features popular joropo pieces, like "Gavilán, Carnaval, Tierra Negra, María Laya" and the main theme "Sentimiento Llanero".

</doc>
<doc id="19938000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938000" title="Nhlanhla Nene">
Nhlanhla Nene

Nhlanhla Musa Nene (born 5 December 1958) has been the deputy minister of finance in the Cabinet of South Africa since November 2008. He previously was the Chair of the South African Finance Portfolio Committee. He has been an ANC member of parliament since 1999. His home is in Kranskop, KwaZulu-Natal.
Political career.
As a new Member of Parliament, Nene served on the finance committee, which Barbara Hogan chaired between 1999 to 2004. He has said he had a great deal of respect for her and her "no nonsense" ways.
Nene held the Chair of the Joint Budget Committee and is currently a member of the ANC Regional Executive Committee for the Bambatha region. Previously he has held the position of ANC Secretary for the Bambatha region. As chairman of the portfolio finance committee, he has said that it is "not proper" for parliament to be involved in process of drafting the budget, adding "Parliament has an oversight responsibility with regard to the budget so effectiveness depends on how well we use the parliamentary process." In 2008 when Parliament passed legislation that would give them more control over budgeting, Nene expressed concern, stressing that "utmost care should be taken that parliament does not undermine macroeconomic stability."
Earlier, he had been mentioned as a possible successor to Finance Minister Trevor Manuel in a possible Jacob Zuma-led ANC administration in 2009. In November 2008 President Kgalema Motlanthe appointed Nene as South Africa’s Deputy Minister of Finance. Nene replaced Jabu Moleketi, who resigned after the recall of president Thabo Mbeki.
2008 Chair mishap.
In 2008 he became an online hit after a 26-second clip of him falling from a chair was posted on the video website Youtube.
The chair malfunction occurred while Mr Nene was answering questions concerning Finance Minister Trevor Manuel's mini-budget on the programme "View from the House". On the video, the chair cracks audibly, causing Nene to wince, though he kept speaking. Twelve seconds after the cracking sound the chair failed catastrophically, causing Nene to fall backwards, his hands grabbing at the desk as the chair collapsed beneath him. Presenter Hayde Fitzpatrick managed to keep stone faced as the camera switched quickly to her. The program then went to a commercial break while produces ascertained Nene's condition. He was unharmed and the interview continued, with Nene in a different chair, once the show resumed.
The incident led to an apology from the South African Broadcasting Corporation after the clip was leaked onto the internet and they are conducting an investigation into who leaked the video. SABC spokesman Kaizer Kganyago called the event "unforeseeable and an accident," adding that "Mr. Nene must be applauded for being a true professional. He carried on with the interview after a short ad break." The clip has subsequently had over 25000 views. The video was viewed 498,000 times on 27 October 2008. It has since been posted to a number of other viral video websites and social networking websites and has been the subject of discussions on various radio programs.
Though Nene has said that the incident would not be good for his public image he later joked about it, stating that he had asked colleagues not to refer to his job title of Chair of the Committee whilst in his company. One colleague quipped that perhaps Nene should give up his chairmanship of the portfolio finance committee to lead a standing committee instead. The story has been covered by the BBC and the "Telegraph" and Nene's office has been swamped by media requests since the incident. In response to the global media coverage, Nene stated he no longer wished to talk about the matter. He has denied that his weight was responsible for the chair's failure, saying "I know I am heavy but I sit on these chairs all the time. It can‘t be my weight." He indicates that his children have been teased about the incident at school by classmates. He has reportedly sought legal advice concerning his rights and options regarding the way the video was leaked.
On 29 October 2010 Jimmy Fallon did a segment of the video called Remix the Clips on his late night show, Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. It was featured again 2 years later on 12 July 2012 in a segment called "The Danger of Sitting" on the Late Show with David Letterman.

</doc>
<doc id="19938001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938001" title="Fidelity Records">
Fidelity Records

Fidelity Records is an independent record label based in Hillsdale, New Jersey, United States, owned by Jonathan Strauss.
History.
Jonathan Strauss launched Fidelity Records out of his New Jersey home in 2003.
During its short history Fidelity introduced the world to The Escape Engine, whose debut album success included a video that regularly appeared on the MTV2 music channel, numerous articles and press interviews in national music magazines such as "Alternative Press Magazine" and "CMJ New Music Monthly", performing on 2003's Vans Warped Tour and CMJ Music Marathon, soundtrack credits on Warren Miller's Journey, and songs that appear on several nationally distributed music compilations.
Kevin B. Robbins teamed up with Jonathan in late 2003 and by 2004, the two had added We're All Broken and Race The Sun to the label's roster.
Because of Fidelity Records' success with The Escape Engine, the label came to be known as one of the most perplexing music industry occurrences of 2003; a small label, started by a 20-something from New Jersey with almost no prior record industry experience, who signed a band for their first release and seemingly from out of nowhere the band is a buzz and appearing on MTV.
Although the success was a gift by putting Fidelity on the map, it was just as much a curse as people waited for Fidelity prove itself once again.
Unfortunately, none of the other bands were able to surpass the success that Fidelity experienced with The Escape Engine. Some claim it was because of finances that were wrapped up in the label's first release, or that the label lost its steam, or because it was simply beginners luck. Whatever the case, by 2005, after the release of four albums and the break-up of several of the bands, the label appeared to have slow down almost to a halt.
In 2006 Jonathan Strauss along with Michel Bezoza & Dave Miller started Heroine Clothing.
Current.
No additional bands have since been signed and no new releases are scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="19938010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938010" title="Kalikasthan">
Kalikasthan

Kalikasthan may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19938012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938012" title="Sheer Heart Attack Tour">
Sheer Heart Attack Tour

The Sheer Heart Attack Tour was the first world tour by the British rock band Queen, and supported their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack.
Background.
The year 1974 had started with their first trip outside of Europe and an appearance at the Sunbury Music Festival in Australia. Although the band headlined the event on 2nd February, their appearance the next day was cancelled. In March, the band commenced on a UK tour to promote their new album "Queen II", and then embark on their first trip to the USA. Once again, they supported Mott The Hoople on a four-week tour beginning in April. The band paid more attention to their look on stage and employed the services of Zandra Rhodes to design some of their costumes. Queen's slot came to an abrupt halt however, when Brian collapsed from hepatitis after the New York show on 11th May, and they all had to fly home so that he could recover.
The Tour.
The band were soon back on the road and commenced their second tour as the headlining act, with nineteen concerts at eighteen different venues around the UK. The band ‘Hustler’ were the support band, and the setlist contained much of the material from the new album 'Sheer Heart Attack'. With more money to invest in a new stage show, the band wore new costumes for this tour and added an additional lighting rig, complete with state of the art stage effects. To conclude Queen’s touring for the year, they embarked on a European tour consisting of ten shows in six countries, performing over a two and a half week period. The year 1975 started with the American leg of the tour, before transferring to Japan. The tour would have been longer, but an accident involving the truck that transported their equipment meant it was not able to reach the remaining scheduled venues, which would have been a second American leg for the tour.
There were slight differences between the UK, US and Japanese tour. The Japanese shows were a bit longer (Queen even played "Hangman" and "See What A Fool I've Been" sometimes), possibly due to the warm welcome they received from the Japanese fans.

</doc>
<doc id="19938018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938018" title="Antonio Marcello Barberini">
Antonio Marcello Barberini

Antonio Marcello Barberini (18 November 1569 – 11 September 1646) was an Italian cardinal and the younger brother of Maffeo Barberini, later Pope Urban VIII. He is sometimes referred to as "Antonio the Elder" to distinguish him from his nephew Antonio Barberini.
Born "Marcello Barberini" in Florence into the Barberini family, he entered the Order of Capuchins in 1585. In 1592 he changed his baptismal name to "Antonio".
He served as a priest until the election of his brother Maffeo to the papal throne as Pope Urban VIII in 1623. He travelled to Rome with a group of Capuchin brothers to serve his brother and was elevated to cardinal in 1624.
He was appointed Bishop of Senigallia between 1625 and 1628. Later he was appointed "Grand Inquisitor" of the Roman Inquisition between 1629 and 1633, Librarian of the Holy Roman Church between 1633 and 1646 and Major Penitentiary between 1633 and 1646. He served as the Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals twice.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1644 which elected his brother's successor, Pope Innocent X. After the Wars of Castro Innocent X launched an investigation into the Barberini family which forced Antonio Barberini's nephews, Francesco Barberini (Senior), Antonio Barberini (Antonio the Younger) and Prince Taddeo Barberini, into exile.
Barberini died in Rome, at the age of 77 and was buried at the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini which he helped to found.

</doc>
<doc id="19938041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938041" title="Darker than Amber (film)">
Darker than Amber (film)

Darker than Amber is a 1970 film adaptation of the John D. MacDonald novel "Darker than Amber". It was directed by Robert Clouse from a screenplay by MacDonald and Ed Waters. It starred Rod Taylor as the main series character: Travis McGee. "Darker than Amber" remains the only McGee novel adapted to the big screen as of 2013. Prior to her death in 2011, and with the exception of a documentary appearance in 2007, this film was the last made by actress Jane Russell.
Plot summary.
The film largely stays true to the plot of the novel. It begins with McGee and his close friend Meyer moored underneath a bridge while fishing, when a young woman (who we later learn is an ex-prostitute named Vangie) is thrown over it weighted with a cement block wired around her ankles. McGee dives in and saves her, only to be surprised when she adamantly insists that he not contact the police. She admits that the reason for the murder attempt was her involvement in a prostitution ring and a murder scheme. The trio eventually travels to Nassau to investigate the still-continuing murderers, who work in male/female pairs and lure rich, lonely men traveling on Caribbean cruises in to their confidence. The climax of the story involves McGee and Meyer dismantling the operation.
Production.
Other actors considered for the role of Travis McGee were Jack Lord and Robert Culp. John D. MacDonald pushed for Steve McQueen or Vic Morrow. The movie was shot on location in Florida and Nassau.
Critical reception.
Though it did not gross well in the box office, the film was praised by such critics as Roger Ebert as "a surprisingly good movie". "The New York Times" also gave the film reserved praise, stating that the screenplay lagged in parts despite the good material to work from (in the original novel), and that the real star of the film was its Florida setting.
It is a cult film, due to its scarcity, and to the fact it is almost never shown on broadcast or on cable TV, and when it is, the fight scene is edited to some extent. If and when a print can be located, there are almost always missing minutes. Though many cuts of this film exist, pristine American prints seem to have disappeared years ago.
The film played a rare theatrical screening at Anthology Film Archives in New York City, New York, on August 14, 2009.
Box Office.
The film recorded a loss of $2,958,251. Producer Jack Reeves had bought the rights for another McGee novel " The Deep Blue Goodbye" but it was decided not to proceed with it.
Fight scenes and rating.
Initially rated R in the United States, it later became rated PG. the film was considered graphically violent for its time, especially the fist fight scene that ends the film, between Rod Taylor's Travis Mcgee and the film's villain, Terry (played by William Smith). With the cameras rolling one actor accidentally struck the other (no one has ever revealed who struck the first real blow), the second threw a retaliatory punch, and a staged fight scene became a real fight, with real wounds, real lost teeth, and real blood all over their clothing.
After "Darker Than Amber" ran its course in theaters, both Rod Taylor and William Smith would reportedly be considered for the part of Caucasian martial artist Roper in the 1973 Bruce Lee blockbuster "Enter the Dragon", which would also be helmed by "Darker Than Amber" director Robert Clouse. The role would ultimately go to John Saxon, however.

</doc>
<doc id="19938042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938042" title="Joseph Dan">
Joseph Dan

Joseph Dan (, born 1935) is an Israeli scholar of Jewish mysticism. He taught for over 40 years in the Department of Jewish Thought at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was the first incumbent of the Gershom Scholem Chair in Jewish Mysticism at The Hebrew University.
Biography.
Dan was born in 1935 in Budapest, Hungary, from where, at the age of four, he and his family fled out of fear of Nazism, settling later in Jerusalem. All the biographical documents about Joseph Dan (including his own website) give his birthplace as Bratislava, Slovakia, a version created by his father to escape repatriation by the British government in Palestine.
In the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Dan began a double major in Assyriology and Jewish Thought. Under the influence of the revered teacher Gershom Scholem, he was attracted towards Jewish mysticism. He received his doctorate in 1964 under the guidance of Isaiah Tishby, his thesis titled "The Speculative Basis of the Ethical Teachings of Chassidei Ashkenaz".
Having written more than 60 books, he published recently the first three volumes of a project titled "Toledot Torat Hasod Ha'ivrit" ("History of Jewish Mysticism and Esotericism", Zalman Shazar Center, Jerusalem), which he describes as "an attempt by one individual to write the entire history of Jewish mysticism: not some executive summary, but rather a full-blown academic survey abridgment for executives but with academic detail".
Awards.
In 1997, Dan was awarded the Israel Prize, for Jewish thought.

</doc>
<doc id="19938068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938068" title="Daniel Nicoletta">
Daniel Nicoletta

Daniel Nicoletta (born 1954) is an American photographer, photo journalist and gay rights activist.
Biography.
Born in New York City, Daniel Nicoletta was raised in Utica, NY. In his late teens he left New York to attend San Francisco State University, later graduating from the bachelor of arts program. He started his photographic career in 1975 as an intern to Crawford Barton, who was then a staff photographer for the national gay magazine The Advocate.
In 1974, when he was 19, Nicoletta first met Harvey Milk and Scott Smith at Castro Camera, their camera store on Castro Street; the following year, they hired him to work at shop. The three became friends, and Nicoletta worked with Milk on his campaigns for political office. During this period of time, Nicoletta took many now well-known photographs of Milk. When Milk was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, he became California's first openly gay elected official; he served for almost eleven months before he and Mayor George Moscone were assassinated by Dan White at City Hall on November 27, 1978.
After Milk's death, Nicoletta worked to keep his memory alive. He was the installation coordinator of the Harvey Milk photographic tribute plaques installed at Harvey Milk Plaza and at the Castro Street Station, which featured his photographs as well as those of Marc Cohen, Don Eckert, Jerry Pritikin, Efren Ramirez, Rink, and Leland Toy. He was co-chair of the Harvey Milk City Hall Memorial Committee, and his photograph served as the basis for the bust of Milk that now resides in the rotunda of San Francisco's City Hall.
In the feature film "Milk", a biographical film based on the life of Harvey Milk directed by Gus Van Sant, Daniel Nicoletta is played by Lucas Grabeel. Nicoletta himself plays Carl Carlson and served as the still photographer on the film.
Nicoletta was one of the founders of the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival, now known as the Frameline Film Festival. In 1977, while still working at Harvey Milk's photography shop, Nicoletta, along with David Waggoner, Marc Huestis, and others, began film screenings of their Super 8 films, called the "Gay Film Festival of Super 8 Films", which evolved into the yearly festival.
From 1990 to 2000, Nicoletta maintained a photography studio in San Francisco's Hayes Valley neighborhood. The studio provided him a setting for work focused on artistic portraits of queer personalities, community leaders, performers and colorful urban characters. It also served as a cultural and social center where Nicoletta organized parties, salons, memorial services and other events.
Photographic work.
Nicoletta's work has documented queer culture from the mid-1970s into the 2000s. In addition to his historic images of Harvey Milk, his subjects include the White Night Riots, the Castro Street Fair, the San Francisco Pride Parade, The Cockettes, and the Angels of Light, as well as personalities such as Justin Bond, Loren Cameron, Divine, Mark Ewert, Allen Ginsberg, Harry Hay, G.B. Jones, and Sylvester. He also has served as a set photographer for several films, including "Vegas in Space" (1992), "Milk" (2008) and "All About Evil" (2010).
Publications.
Since the late 1970s, Nicoletta's photographs have been widely reproduced in periodicals, including "The Advocate", the "Bay Area Reporter", "The Guardian" (UK), the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Times", the "San Francisco Chronicle", the "Village Voice" and "X-tra West" (Canada).
His work also has appeared in numerous books, including Randy Shilts' "The Mayor Of Castro Street" (1982); Ruth Silverman's "San Francisco Observed: A Photographic Record" (1986); Beth Schneider and Nancy E. Stoller's "Women Resisting AIDS: Feminist Strategies of Empowerment" (1995) (cover photo); Jim Van Buskirk and Susan Stryker's "Gay by the Bay: A Pictorial History of Queer Culture in the San Francisco Bay Area" (1996); David A. Sprigle's "Beasts: FotoFactory Anthology II" (1997); Strange de Jim's "San Francisco's Castro" (2003); David Gere's "How to Make Dances in an Epidemic: Tracking Choreography in the Age of AIDS" (2004); Joshua Gamson's "The Fabulous Sylvester: The Legend, the Music, the Seventies in San Francisco" (2006); Dustin Lance Black and Armistead Maupin's "MILK: A Pictorial History of Harvey Milk" (2009); and Chris March's "I Heart Chris March" (2010) (cover photo).
Use in films.
Nicoletta's photographs also have been featured in a number of documentary films. His images of Harvey Milk appear prominently in the 1985 Academy Award winning documentary "The Times of Harvey Milk", directed by Rob Epstein; his work also appears in "Sex Is..." (1993), directed by Marc Huestis.
Exhibitions.
The photographic work of Daniel Nicoletta has been shown in one-artist exhibitions at Josie's Cabaret (San Francisco, 1994); Levi-Strauss Corporate Headquarters (San Francisco, 1996); Overtones Gallery (Los Angeles, 2009); and Electric Works Gallery (San Francisco, 2010).
In addition, his prints have appeared in numerous group shows in the United States, including "AIDS: The Artists' Response," Hoyt L. Sherman Gallery, Ohio State University (April 1989); "Group Work: AIDS Timeline," Whitney Biennial (April 1991); "Harvey Milk: Second Sight," San Francisco Arts Commission Gallery (October–November 1998); "Out of the Closet," Catharine Clark Gallery, San Francisco (May–June 2000); "Made in California," Los Angeles County Museum of Art (October 2000–February 2001); "An Autobiography of the San Francisco Bay Area, Part 1," San Francisco Camerawork (September–October 2009); and "Life and Death in Black and White: AIDS Direct Action in San Francisco, 1985–1990," the GLBT History Museum, San Francisco (March–June 2012).
His work also was featured in the monumental 1997 historical exhibition "Goodbye to Berlin: 100 Jahre Schwulenbewegung," organized by the Schwules Museum at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin.
Museum and archival collections.
Nicoletta's work is represented in the permanent collections of the James C. Hormel Gay and Lesbian Center at the San Francisco Public Library; the Bancroft Library at the University of California, Berkeley; the Wallach Collection of Fine Prints and the Berg Collection at the New York Public Library; the Schwules Museum in Berlin, Germany; and the GLBT Historical Society in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19938078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938078" title="El Guariqueño si sabe">
El Guariqueño si sabe

El Guariqueño si sabe is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan singer Ángel Custodio Loyola, released in the 1970s, with the record label "Cachilapo". This album features new recordings of llanero folk pieces popularized by Loyola in former albums like: "Guayabo Negro, El Carnaval, Cajón de Arauca Apureño, La Catira" and "La Guayaba". 
Also features the song "El Guariqueño si sabe" along with harpists Cándido Herrera and Omar Moreno and the group Sentimiento Apureño.

</doc>
<doc id="19938090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938090" title="St. Ignatius Church (Oxon Hill, Maryland)">
St. Ignatius Church (Oxon Hill, Maryland)

St. Ignatius Church is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of Washington located at 2317 Brinkley Rd., Oxon Hill, in Prince George's County, Maryland. The historic church structure was constructed between 1890 and 1891. The -story structure is wood frame, with clapboarding, and shingling in imbricated pattern. It is rectangular in form with a gabled roof, 80-foot-tall projecting front belfry with spire and louvered openings, round arched openings, and modified corner buttresses. The architectural style is considered Eclectic, with elements of the Shingle and Queen Anne styles. It is the second church on site and has served as a mission and parish church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19938094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938094" title="Richard Konwiarz">
Richard Konwiarz

Richard Konwiarz (February 15, 1883 – December 14, 1960) was a German architect. 
He was born in Tschempin and died in Hanover.
In 1932 he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his design of the "Schlesierkampfbahn" in the Sport Park of Breslau.
In the years 1952 to 1954 he constructed in cooperation with Heinz Goesmann the Niedersachsenstadion in Hanover. Meanwhile it is rebuilt and modified and called by its sponsor AWD-Arena.

</doc>
<doc id="19938098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938098" title="Grupo Gigante">
Grupo Gigante

Grupo Gigante () is a holding listed at Mexican Stock Exchange founded in 1962, enterprises includes: Office Depot, The Home Store, SuperPrecio and Toks, hypermarkets and supermarket are sold in 2008 to Soriana. Until December 2008, used to work with a joint venture with RadioShack.

</doc>
<doc id="19938101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938101" title="Villa de Etla">
Villa de Etla

Villa de Etla is a town and municipality located in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It is located in the far northwestern part of the Central Valley of Oaxaca, about seventeen km from the capital. The town is centered on the church and former monastery of San Pedro y San Pablo, and as municipal seat functions as the local government for six other communities. Most of the town’s history has been lost due to the lack of records, but oral tradition states that it was founded sometime in the 15th century. Today, the town is noted for its weekly Wednesday market, where one can find traditional merchandise such a local variety of white cheese, tamales, frames for donkeys and goat barbacoa prepared in an earthen oven.
The town.
The town of Villa de Etla is centered on the church and former monastery of San Pedro y San Pablo, with the layout of the original streets of the town marked off from it. The complex was completed in 1636 and consists of three parts, the church, the former monastery and the cloister, all constructed from green sandstone. The main portal of the church has a simple arch over which is the choir window. Over this is a pediment which contains a clock. Behind the monastery area, there are the remains of an aqueduct. This arched construction was one of the first built in the area and was used during the colonial period to provide water to the town from the surrounding mountains. It is not known when the aqueduct was built but it was probably completed by the end of the 16th century. The church is one of a series of churches and monasteries which were established by the Dominicans between the city of Oaxaca and the Puebla border in the 16th century. Today this path is the main highway to the city of Puebla and the church is grouped with those from Yanhuitlán, Teposcolula and Coixtlahuaca . There is one other significant church in the town but it is unknown when it was constructed.
The other two important constructions are next to this complex, the municipal market, behind which is the municipal palace, or government office. The municipal market is the center of most of the municipality’s commerce, with efforts to build larger commercial stores opposed by many residents. The market is the center for the weekly tianguis or open-air market held on Wednesdays. The Wednesday market is part of an informal system of weekly markets that occur in most of the larger communities of the Central Valleys region. This market is best known for its locally produced variety of white cheese, but it also offers a number of kinds of traditional merchandise such as sheepskins, frames for packing donkeys, the green glazed pottery of Atzompa and tamales. Another specialty is goat barbacoa cooked in earthen ovens.
The main festival for the municipality is in the seat in honor of Saints Peter and Paul. This event begins with processions along the main streets to announce the start, just before the actual feast day. Then on the day before, a very large frame loaded with fireworks, called a castillo (castle) along with smaller bull figures called toritos are set alight. On the main day, there are masses and other religious observances ending with a large public dance.
Lent is an important time in the state of Oaxaca, with many communities developing various types of celebration over these forty days. As Villa de Etla already experiences warm weather by this time, flavored drinks sold by street vendors are popular during the processions, masses and other events held during this time. Some typical flavors served include horchata, hibiscus tea, drinks made from coconuts, a fermented corn drink called tejate and one made from a sweet squash from the area called chilacayota. These are often offered to participants in the various events.
The Viernes de Cuaresma attracts a large number of visitors from around the area. It is marked by a large fair, with about forty amusement rides for children, and musical events. There are over 100 stands selling food and other commodities. The event begins with a music band wandering the streets of the town at 9 pm followed by the setting off of fireworks fastened to a large wooden frame called a castillo (castle). The following day is dedicated to the Christ image called the Señor de las Peñas with more music and fireworks. It ends on Sunday with dancing to popular music. Hundreds from Oaxaca and as far as Puebla, Chiapas and Mexico City come to honor the Señor de las Peñas to keep promises and to ask for favors. The fifth Friday of Lent is dedicated to this image. The festivities are arranged by a committee which is selected each year under Usos y Costumbres.
The fourth Friday of Lent, three weeks before Good Friday, is the La Samaritana celebration. Large ceramic pots are placed and decorated. Some are decorated with bricks but most have imitations, and then arches of palm fronds with bougainvillea flowers are then placed. The tradition is derived from a passage in the Bible in which a Samaritan offers water from a well to Jesus.
Palm Sunday celebrations begin a day before when elaborate figures made of palm fronds are made to be blessed at mass the following day. The figures vary in size and complexity and are often decorated with crosses, pins and flowers. Those who do not make their own palm arrangements buy them from stands located in and around the main church. These are then kept for the remainder of the year to protect the home. During mass, eight young men are chosen to read different Biblical passages related to the Passion of Christ. They are dressed in white tunics, with wreaths on their head to represent Christ. Afterwards, it is traditional to go to the municipal market next door to buy provisions for that day’s supper. This includes a bread called “pan Amarillo" cheese, honey, ice cream, tamales, tasajo, tlayudas, tortillas, fruits and flowers.
At these and other events, the most common music is produced by wind instruments and the most common dance is the jarabe, especially at weddings. The most commons foods include mole (especially amarillo, verde, and coloradito), regional sweets, tlayudas, barbacoa and fava beans, accompanying by tepache, mezcal and beer.
The municipality.
As municipal seat, the town of Villa de Etla is the local government for six other communities, but most people live in the town proper. These communities together occupy a territory of 17.85km2 and are bordered by the municipalities of Asunción Etla, Santo Domingo Etla, San Miguel Etla and Reyes Etla. The municipality is located in the Central Valleys region of the state about seventeen km from the capital of Oaxaca. The municipal government consists of a municipal president, an officer called a “síndico” and four secretaries called “regidors” (for taxes, education, public works and agencies/neighborhoods). These and other officials are elected under Mexico’s usos y costumbres system. 
As of 2005, only 621 people out of a population of 7,637 spoke an indigenous language. Most are Catholic but about a sixth belong to another or no faith.
As of 2005, there were a total of 1691 homes almost all of which were owned by their occupants. Of these homes, 61% have running water, 95% are in areas with public lighting and 49% have public drainage. Federal Highway 190 passes through the municipality connecting it to the city of Oaxaca and Mexico City.
About seventy percent of the municipality’s population is dedicated wholly or in part to agriculture, with the primary livestock being cattle. However, only eight percent are dedicated to it full-time. About thirty six percent work in industry, mining and construction. The main handcraft is basketry. About fifteen percent are dedicated to commerce, most of which is related to the sale of dairy products such as milk and cheese. Other commerce focuses on local needs, with the municipal market and the weekly market having a primary role. The total percentage dedicated to commerce, tourism and services is 53%.
The municipality has several preschools, primary schools along with center for study at the high school level. Villa de Etla is the head of the twenty eight schools of Scholastic Zone Number 5. Preschools include Ignacio José Allende, Jaime Torres Bodet, Leona Vicario, Niños Heroes de Chapultepec, Ovidio Decroly, Porfirio Díaz and Prodei Modulo 2. Primary schools include Basilio e Zarate, Cuauhtémoc, Iep 13 General de Division Ignacio Mejia, José María Morelos, Juan de la Barrera, Margarita Maza de Juarez, Ricardo Flores Magon and Valentin Gomez Farias. Secondary education is provided at Escuela Secundaria Technica 84. Special education schools include Centro de Atencion Multipe 26 and Unidad de Servicios de Apoyo a la Educación Regular No. 19. High school level instruction is found at the Centro de Estudios de Bachillerato 6/12. All schools and other centers of instruction are public. 
The Basilio E. Zárate School celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007. It is the largest and oldest primary school in the area, with a number of students receiving awards in the arts and academics. The school began with classes held at private homes and in makeshift constructions. The current building was eventually financed with support from local, state and federal governments. Maintenance is paid for by students’ parents. There are currently about 500 students from the first to sixth grades with a number receiving special educations services from the Unidad de Servicios Educativos Especiales del Instituto Estatal de Educación Pública de Oaxaca. It also has a social worker, a psychologist and a speech therapist. It recently installed a multimedia room.
In addition to the monastery complex in the main town, an excavated archeological site is another of the municipality’s monuments. The archeological zone was first occupied during the Monte Albán IIIA phase and grew during IIIB to about 2,500 people. From 700 to 450 BCE, it dominated the local area, becoming the most important site of the Valley of Etla. It was abandoned between 650–800 CE, or Monte Albán IV.
Environment.
The municipality is located in the Valley of Etla, which is a sub-valley located in the far northwest of the Valley of Oaxaca. The municipality lies on a valley floor so its terrain is relatively flat with no significant elevations other than small hills. Almost all of the land in the area is used for agriculture or human habitation. The major rivers are the Asunción which flows through the community of Nativitas Etla and the Salinas River when crosses through Santo Domingo Barrio Alto and Santo Domingo Bajo Etla. It has a temperate climate.
Almost all of the vegetation in the municipality is secondary with decorative species such as geraniums, bougainvillea; trees such as laurel and eucalyptus, and various edible and medicinal herbs. Wildlife mostly consists of bird species such as doves and hummingbirds, various insects, along with some aquatic species such as frogs, fish and crab and reptiles such as lizards, small turtles and snakes. Mammals are all domesticated species.
History.
The name means “town of the land of beans” mixing Spanish and Nahuatl. “Villa” is from Spanish and means “town” and “Etla” comes from Nahuatl meaning in “land of beans.” The Zapotec name for the area is Loohvana, which refers to the land’s fertility.
Most of the history of this town has been lost due to the lack of records. Oral tradition states that the settlement was founded sometime in the 15th century.
The decisive Battle of La Carbonera was fought on October 18, 1866 near to Etla during the war caused by the French intervention in Mexico.
The last few years of the municipality has been marked by political instability. This has negatively impacted public works such as the repaving of roads, electrification and a non functioning water treatment plant, with delays as long as 15 years. In 2008, Federal Highway 190 and the main entrance to town were blocked by those protesting the lack of potable water for three months in 2008. The protesters claimed they had running water irregularly only about once a week and sometimes not even that. In 2010, a group of over a hundred residents took over the municipal palace to force the state government to reinstitute Alma Delia Ramos as municipal president. A previous first takeover ended peacefully but without the desired results of the protestors. The latest protests and blockades have centered on the government of Danial Ramírez Ramírez from April to May 2011. This municipal president has been accused of nepotism, putting family and friends on municipal payrolls for no work. He has also been accused of threatening the homes and lives of those who oppose him. Protestors have principally called for and received state-led investigations into the matter, in order to avoid escalation. There have been various incidents over these two months from the blocking of Federal Highway 190, to the blocking of all six main entrances to the town to the takeover of the municipal palace. However, there have been other demands by protestors such as the stop to the construction of a “Súper Precio” commercial center which they say would negatively affect about 300 local merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="19938106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938106" title="HMS Astraea (1893)">
HMS Astraea (1893)

HMS "Astraea" was an second class cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was built towards the end of the nineteenth century, and survived to serve in the First World War.
Construction and commissioning.
"Astraea" was ordered as part of the eight-ship "Astraea"-class under the Naval Defence Act of 1889. She was laid down at Devonport Dockyard in August 1890 and launched from there on 17 March 1893. She was completed and commissioned for service in November 1895.
Career.
"Astraea" served in the Mediterranean Sea in early 1900, and was in China the following year. She was again sent to the China Station in 1906, followed by a period at Colombo between 1908 and 1911. She returned to Britain in January 1912, where she was refitted to returned to service. She was recommissioned at the Nore in June 1912, and joined the Third Fleet. By April 1913 she had been reassigned to operate off the Cape of Good Hope as part of the squadron assigned to the West Africa Station. She was serving off East Africa at Zanzibar when the First World War broke out, and the squadron was initially assigned to protect British Empire shipping travelling on the trade routes around the African coast. On 8 August 1914 "Astraea" bombarded Dar-es-Salaam, part of the German colony of German East Africa. "Astraea"s guns destroyed a radio station, and fearing an imminent landing, the German authorities scuttled their floating dock to block the harbour. This had the subsequent effect of preventing the German commerce raider from being able to return to the port. "Astraea" was later one of the ships assigned to hunt and blockade "Königsberg" in the Rufiji Delta.
In May 1915 "Astraea" became the ship of the senior naval officer assigned to support the invasion of Kamerun, replacing in the role.
Ghostly encounter.
One of "Astraea"s First World War officers was Harold Owen, younger brother of the wartime poet Wilfred Owen. Shortly after the signing of the Armistice, "Astraea" was anchored in Table Bay. Harold later wrote:
Harold only later learned that Wilfred had been killed in action on 4 November 1918, a week before he had apparently appeared to him on "Astraea".
Scrapping.
"Astraea" returned to the UK and was paid off in July 1919. She was sold on 1 July 1920 to the ship breakers Castle, but was subsequently resold and was broken up in Germany in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19938115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938115" title="La Minute de vérité">
La Minute de vérité

La Minute de vérité (US title: "The Moment of Truth") is a 1952 French language motion picture drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Henri Jeanson, Roland Laudenbach and Robert Thoeren. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean Gabin.
The music score is by Paul Misraki, Winfried Zillig and Georges Van Parys.
It tells the story of a doctor, his wife and his patient, who was her former lover.

</doc>
<doc id="19938141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938141" title="Oi Mikromesaioi">
Oi Mikromesaioi

I mikromesaioi () is a Greek comedy series that aired during the 1992-1993 television season and received the Greek lifestyle of the time with TV stars with different modner Greek eras. As well as To Retire, it was that the show had a record number of reruns mainly during the summer months.
Plot.
From one side had Martha Fasianou,a lady after two failed marriages she wanted not to get married again. From another side, Pavlos Petridis was married with Eleni together with her wife of her sister Betty that she is separated, her pressured mother Afroditi and her relative Georgette which she lately med Andreas Hassiotis and they planned to get married. These characters synthesizes a comedy show and misunderstoou which sketched the Greek lifestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="19938184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19938184" title="Return to Sender (film)">
Return to Sender (film)

Return to Sender is a 2004 film written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade and directed by Bille August. It is also known under the title "Convicted". 
The film stars Aidan Quinn and Connie Nielsen.
Aidan Quinn was nominated for a 2005 IFTA Best Actor in a Feature Film award for his performance.
Quinn plays an unscrupulous attorney who is challenged by Nielsen, his latest 'client'/target.
Plot.
Quinn's character, a jaded ex-lawyer, has been befriending and exploiting death row convicts and selling their final letters to the media. While attempting to foster his relationship with Nielsen's character, he becomes convinced that she is innocent.
Reception.
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 33% rating under the title Convicted and a 39% rating under the title Return to Sender

</doc>
