<doc id="19971447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971447" title="Brandon Learning Centre">
Brandon Learning Centre

The Brandon Learning Centre is the first school in Hong Kong to offer public speaking classes based around English Speaking Board [http://www.esbuk.org] assessments. The English Speaking Board was founded in 1954 and the qualifications are regulated by the UK Qualifications and Curriculum Development Agency. 
The school was founded in 2006, by Jessica Ogilvy-Stuart, M.Ed and Andrew Cathcart, M.Ed, M.A. with the aim of developing confidence in spoken English and to prepare students for overseas studies. The initial opening was supported by InvestHK ([http://www.investhk.gov.hk)and the school is regulated by the Education Bureau EDB website(Registration number 569216). A second centre opened in Jordan, Kowloon in 2011 and Brandon operates a joint venture programme in China. 
The curriculum expanded to include preparation for entry to British, Australian, Canadian and U.S schools and in 2007 the school began offering both Common Entrance examinations run by the Independent Schools Examination Board, and Winchester College Entrance examinations. Of the 300+ students enrolled at any one time, between 25 - 35% leave Hong Kong to attend overseas schools. 
Students compete in a number of external speech competitions including the Hong Kong Schools Speech Festival. The school also holds biannual shows at the Hong Kong Club which benefit Helping Hand, a charity caring for the elderly. 
Teachers are recruited from the United Kingdom. Students are from varied of backgrounds and range in age from 4 - adult. The school also provides lesson in speech and drama to local schools including Queen's College, Hong Kong, La Salle College, Independent Schools Foundation Academy and the Victoria and Shanghai Academy Victoria Educational Organisation.
The school motto is "Speaking of Success".
Believing that "The greatest barrier to success is lack of confidence", the mission of the school is to instill confidence in both students and adult learners through a variety of innovative speech activities that have proven effective around the world.
About the founders.
Jessica Ogilvy-Stuart writes a weekly column for the Hong Kong Economic Times and is a regular speaker on the topic of UK education. Jessica writes a blog on the topic of developing confidence through public speaking. http://brandoncentre.blogspot.hk/. She is currently preparing a PhD thesis on the topic of Hong Kong students studying in UK Boarding Schools with the supervision of Durham University. 
Andrew Cathcart has lectured in Study Skills at Macquarie University and is the joint author of "Study Skills - a practical guide to using concept maps".

</doc>
<doc id="19971449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971449" title="Casey McKee">
Casey McKee

Casey McKee (born 1976, Phoenix, Arizona) is an American artist based in Berlin, Germany.
McKee’s work has appeared in many exhibitions such as the Village People at Kunstverein Wolfsburg Germany, "Human Conditions" [http://www.smoca.org/exhibit.php?id=167 at the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art in Scottsdale, Arizona, and "UN/FAIR TRADE - Die Kunst der Gerechtigkeit" at the Neue Galerie Graz am Landesmuseum Joanneum in Graz, Austria. He is represented by Galerie Greulich [http://www.galerie-greulich.de/ in Frankfurt and Heliumcowboy artspace [http://www.heliumcowboy.com/] in Hamburg.
McKee’s process is a combination of photography and painting. He first creates the photograph and then prints it onto the surface (e.g. canvas, wood panel, handmade paper, etc.), using a photographic emulsion. McKee spends the majority of time working with oil paint to bring out the desired expression in his works. 
McKee’s work has been featured in several print publications alongside other prominent contemporary artists, such as Daniel Richter and John Currin, most notably in “The Upset: Young Contemporary Art”. 
McKee’s work is included in the permanent collection of the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art – SmoCA, Scottsdale, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="19971458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971458" title="The Russell Brand Show prank telephone calls row">
The Russell Brand Show prank telephone calls row

"The Russell Brand Show" prank telephone calls row, sometimes referred to as "Sachsgate", followed a series of voice messages left by comedian Russell Brand and TV presenter Jonathan Ross on the answering machine of actor Andrew Sachs. It followed a BBC Radio 2 decision to allow an episode of "The Russell Brand Show", recorded earlier in the week due to Brand's other work commitments, to be broadcast on Saturday 18 October 2008. On the episode, Brand and Ross called Sachs as a guest to interview on-air; when Sachs failed to answer the telephone, they are heard leaving a series of lewd messages on his answering machine, including comments about Brand's relationship with Sachs's granddaughter, Georgina Baillie—at the time a performer with the group Satanic Sluts.
After little attention, an article in "The Mail on Sunday" on 26 October 2008 about the show led to a record number of complaints and criticism of Brand, Ross and the editorial decisions of the BBC. The two presenters were criticised by a number of members of Parliament, including Prime Minister Gordon Brown. Following the complaints, Ross was suspended from the BBC while both the BBC and Ofcom launched investigations. Both Brand and Lesley Douglas, Controller of Radio 2, resigned from the BBC. Ross was suspended without pay for 12 weeks on 30 October. The BBC was fined £150,000 by Ofcom.
Background.
From April 2006 through to October 2008, Russell Brand presented the weekly BBC radio show "The Russell Brand Show". In almost every show Brand was joined by his co-host Matt Morgan who would often steer him in certain directions regarding what to talk about. Brand sometimes called in a variety of his celebrity friends as well, including Noel Gallagher, Alan Carr and Jonathan Ross, to talk on the show each week.
On 11 October 2008, David Baddiel co-hosted Brand's radio show. Baddiel recalled having met Georgina Baillie at Brand's home and being told that her grandfather was actor Andrew Sachs. According to Baddiel, Baillie said "Don't tell him I was here!"
Prank calls.
On Thursday 16 October 2008, Sachs, who famously portrayed Manuel in the television comedy "Fawlty Towers", was scheduled to be a phone-in guest on Brand's evening radio show. The show was to be pre-recorded due to Brand's work commitments.
After being unable to reach Sachs on his home telephone, Brand and his co-host of the week, fellow Radio 2 DJ Jonathan Ross, left Sachs four voice messages. In the first message, Brand joked about "Fawlty Towers" and the fact that both he and Sachs had appeared in "The Bill", but was interrupted by Ross shouting out "he fucked your granddaughter". The rest of the message and the following three messages were all characterised by Brand and Ross attempting to apologise for Ross' outburst, but each quickly descended into farce, with, for example, Brand singing to Sachs: "It was consensual and she wasn't menstrual" and Ross asking to marry him. Brand later said that listening to those calls it is like hearing 'two idiots dancing towards a canyon.'
Complaints.
On 25 October, Brand presented his last edition of his radio show with co-host Simon Amstell, which they performed live. Shortly before going on air, Brand was informed that "The Mail on Sunday" would be running a story about the phone calls. During the show, Brand apologised to Sachs, but also devoted much of the show to deriding the "Daily Mail" for its alleged support of Nazism in the run up to World War II. Even in his apology to Sachs, Brand stated "what's worse – leaving a swearword on Andrew Sachs' answerphone or tacitly supporting Adolf Hitler when he took charge of the Third Reich?" When Brand mentioned Hitler, "The Mail on Sunday"'s editor-in-chief, Paul Dacre, reportedly went "barmy".
The incident escalated into a media and political storm that, in much of the British media, eclipsed news of the global financial crisis, the US Presidential election, and fighting in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Sachs later stated he had not given permission for the messages to be broadcast. The BBC originally stated that they were "not aware of any complaint by Mr Sachs", but later confirmed a complaint had been received, and apologised. Brand issued an apology for making the calls but stated it was "funny" during his last radio show, before the Mail had printed the story. Ofcom, the telecommunications regulator, announced its own investigation. On 28 October 2008, the BBC said that it had received 4,700 complaints, after the calls became international news. Later the same day, this number had passed 10,000. The same afternoon, Prime Minister Gordon Brown commented, calling the incident "clearly inappropriate and unacceptable". The following day the number of complaints was said to have topped 18,000.
This incident resulted in the second-highest number of complaints to the BBC in recent years, second only to its airing of "".
In reaction to the telephone calls, Baillie said that her relationship with Brand had been brief and she now felt betrayed that he had revealed it to her grandfather. Baillie called for both Brand and Ross to be "sacked" by the BBC and stated that she and her family would be considering whether to make a formal complaint to the police. Andrew Sachs has since stated that he had no intention of making a complaint to the police or taking the matter further.
Aftermath.
Actions taken by Ross, Brand, and the BBC.
On 29 October 2008, the Director-General of the BBC, Mark Thompson, announced that Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross were suspended, pending the report of an investigation by Tim Davie, director of BBC audio and music. The suspension meant that, for the week, Ross would not be appearing on his regular "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" television show, "Film 2008 with Jonathan Ross", or his Saturday-morning Radio 2 show. Similarly Brand would not be hosting his regular Saturday-night Radio 2 show or appearing as a guest captain on "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" (due to be aired on 30 October, the episode had been taped before his resignation, and aired on BBC Two on Wednesday 19 January 2011, more than 2 years after the incident). Thompson called the events a "gross lapse of taste by the performers and the production team" (who chose to broadcast the advance-recorded show) that angered licence-payers. Thompson offered a personal and unreserved apology to Andrew Sachs and his family. In an interview, Sachs revealed that he had received and accepted written apologies from Brand and Ross. Brand resigned from the BBC later in the day.
On the evening of 30 October it was announced that Controller of Radio 2 Lesley Douglas had tendered her resignation, which had been accepted. Her resignation letter did not address the question of whether Douglas herself had approved the pre-recorded show for transmission. That day, Ross was suspended without pay from all BBC shows for a period of 12 weeks.
The BBC issued an apology on 8 November, stating that the telephone calls were "grossly offensive" and a "serious breach of editorial standards". The corporation apologised specifically to Sachs and Baillie, and also to license fee payers. The evening before this formal apology, David Barber, head of specialist music and compliance at Radio 2, also resigned. Like Douglas, he had been aware of the contents of the show, and had sanctioned the segment's broadcast.
Reactions from politicians and the media.
Fifteen MPs signed a motion in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, tabled by Labour MP Andrew Mackinlay and Conservative MP Nigel Evans, calling for Brand and Ross to no longer be funded by the licence fee (which funds the BBC).
The chairman of the House of Commons select committee on culture, media and sport, John Whittingdale, stated that an investigation by the BBC was needed, but stopped short of calling for Ross and Brand to be sacked. The chairman of the House of Lords Select Committee on Communication, Lord Fowler, in a letter to "The Times" (see Fowler in Further reading) stated that there were fundamental flaws in the way that the BBC was regulated and governed, and that there was "confusion all round" because two parallel bodies, the BBC Trust and Ofcom, were investigating the incident, and it was both unclear which of them the public should complain to and which of them had precedence over the other.
Shadow Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt, speaking on the Radio 4 "Today Programme" on 30 October, also refused to say whether he thought Ross should be sacked, asserting that politicians should remain at "arm's length" from such decisions. In a speech at the London School of Economics the previous day he had criticised the decision by the BBC to broadcast the programme, which had been recorded 2 days prior to its transmission, saying that "BBC was quite wrong to take the decision to broadcast the offensive phone calls". He also demurred about calling for the resignations of anyone in BBC management, saying that "[it is wrong, in principle, for politicians to be calling for heads of individual broadcasting to be removed", and criticised the BBC for not releasing the name of the person who had given the green light for the show to be broadcast.
Hunt was speaking to the LSE about socially responsible broadcasting, and stated "I do think the BBC is a socially responsible broadcaster, I just think we need to hear that." He argued that broadcasters were not being ambitious enough, and outlined his party's plans, should it be elected to government at the next general election, to relax regulation for those broadcasters who agreed to provide only socially responsible output. In addition to citing the Ross/Brand/Sachs affair as a "perfect example" of where such a "responsibility deal" could have operated, he also pointed to Channel 4 as an example, stating that it was "not good enough" for it to produce "worthy" programmes such as "Dispatches" documenting alcohol abuse in the US, whilst at the same time it was broadcasting programmes such as "Hollyoaks" where such abuse took up, according to his estimates, 18% of screen time. The culture spokesman for the Liberal Democrats, Don Foster, criticised this idea, stating that it threatened the very foundation principles of freedom and independence of British media, arguing that such government interference in television programming would be "a very sad day for British broadcasting", and pointing out that regulatory mechanisms already exist to deal with issues such as this.
On 29 October, Conservative MP Nadine Dorries had already called for the BBC to terminate the contracts of both Ross and Brand, and in the Commons David Hanson had criticised the comments for being inappropriate and not "in keeping with broadcasting". The conservative journalist Charles Moore announced he would not pay his television licence after the BBC's failure to sack Ross, a decision which eventually led to Moore being fined in May 2010.
Secretary of State for Justice Jack Straw, writing in his local newspaper the "Lancashire Telegraph" on 30 October (see Straw in Further reading), became the first Cabinet Minister to call for the pair to be sacked, arguing that if both presenters had worked in local radio "they'd have been given their P45 before you could say 'Jack Robinson'."
On the same day, Shadow Leader of the House of Commons, Theresa May, called for a Commons debate on the BBC's handling of the affair.
Reaction against censures and suspensions.
In the days following the suspensions, a number of celebrities, particularly from television and radio, came out in support of Brand and Ross. Many felt that, whilst the incident was unacceptable, it was not deserving of the strong criticism it received, especially when there were other issues troubling the United Kingdom.
Rod McKenzie, the editor of BBC Radio 1 "Newsbeat", observed on the BBC Editors' weblog (see Further reading) that audience reactions to Brand's and Ross's remarks had been polarised, noting that whilst his colleagues at Radio 4, Radio 5 Live, television, and the BBC World Service had been seeing one thing, the younger audiences of Radio 1 had been reacting quite differently, and were broadly supportive of Ross and Brand. Some were amazed at the comments of the Prime Minister, with one person observing that "he financial markets are wrecked and all he can do is talk about a petty joke." Others stated that people should "calm down", "get a grip", and that the subject had been "blown out of all proportion". McKenzie also characterised the reaction from the news media as containing "anger: some genuine, some of it synthetic. Some of it comes from the BBC's usual critics." He stated that for the people who worked in the media "profile and salary-envy and schadenfreude may play a part in all this. But how many heard the original transmission and how many are responding to the newspapers' quotes or others' arguments?"
Tim Shaw, disc jockey for Absolute Radio, also supported Ross and Brand, appearing on BBC News wearing a T-shirt that read "I back Brand." The television presenter Paul O'Grady similarly backed the pair, stating at the National Television Awards that the Prime Minister should get on with more important matters than complaining about media gossip. Carol McGiffin, a presenter on ITV's daytime programme "Loose Women" similarly supported the pair, criticising those who complained and stating that she could not wait to download the official podcast which included the incident.
Then-Oasis leader and friend of Russell Brand, Noel Gallagher, commented on the situation: "Personally, I'm outraged that, yet again, the joyless fuckers who write the columns in the "Daily Mail", "The Telegraph" or "The Observer" have dictated the tone and are telling people how to behave, I've seen the "Daily Mail", they said that Russell should be arrested and charged. Arrested for what? For taking the piss? It's so typical of the English in general. 10,000 people get outraged, but only days after it has happened." Gallagher also said, "I spoke to Russell, he told me he was going to fall on his sword."
A petition on the GoPetition web site, calling for the BBC to "to turn blame on the 'Andrew Sachs' incident away from Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross, and instead onto whoever green lighted the show" had garnered 336 signatures by 29 October. At the same time, a similar group on Facebook had over 1,000 members. By 30 October, the petition had risen to 4,000 signatures and the Facebook group to 15,609 members. By 2 November, the Facebook group had over 30,000 members, which had risen to over 43,000 members by 5 November.
On 30 October, fans of Ross and Brand protested outside of the offices of the BBC. On 31 October, fans prepared to hold a protest outside of the offices of the "Daily Mail" and of the BBC.
Comedian Jimmy Carr has also expressed his support for Ross, saying the issue had been blown out of proportion, and blamed the media themselves for escalating it further, and that Ross was a "national treasure".
Celebrity publicist Max Clifford has played down the apparent outrage aimed at Brand. In a recent interview he said "I don't think this will cause any problems for Russell Brand. He's known to be controversial and, if anything, it will make him more popular amongst his fans, who will have thought this was hilarious...They won't see anything wrong in what he did. It is a big PR success for him...He will have no problem with his career."
TV critic and columnist Charlie Brooker stated on his show, "Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe", his worry that the controversy would lead to a chilling effect on comedy, and that the BBC and others would self-censor too much in future. He went on to say that the attitude displayed by the complainants and the BBC's backing down would have, in earlier times, precluded the production of much of what was at the time edgy comedy and made culture poorer for it (citing "Monty Python's Flying Circus", "The Day Today" and "The Young Ones" amongst others as shows that would have not been commissioned owing to their controversial content). While pouring scorn on those who had complained without seeing the programme, and attacking newspapers that attempted to stir up further controversy (in particular the "Daily Mail"), he did not appear to defend Brand and Ross in particular, stating that the possibility of people being offended by some misjudged humour is "the price you pay for freedom of speech." In a further column in "The Guardian", he reiterated this point as well as saying that "people who retrospectively complain to Ofcom about material they've only read about second-hand are, in essence, a bunch of sanctimonious crybabies indulging in a wretched form of masturbation."
Reaction from Georgina Baillie.
Interviews.
Reacting to the suspension of Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross on 29 October, Baillie remarked: "I'm thrilled because justice has been done...It's despicable. Calling me that in public, not only does it damage my relationship with my granddad but it could permanently damage my life as well," despite having declared apathy to the sentiment referenced in the latter sentence on her Myspace page.
A week later, on 5 November 2008, UK television channel Five broadcast a 1 hour documentary on the incident, titled "Russell & Ross: What the F*** Was All That About?" featuring an exclusive interview with Baillie. Baillie stated in the interview that "I think it's way out of proportion what's happened and I don't hate either of them – I don't at all", going on to say "I think they're really talented comedians and I think a world without Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand would be a very sad, dull place." She concluded by saying that Brand needed to learn about respecting women, while Ross should just think before he speaks, "I don't have any harder feeling than that." Baillie also made clear that she would not object to the reinstatement of both Brand and Ross.
On 14 May 2009, Baillie was a guest on the BBC politics and current affairs programme "This Week". She was questioned by host Andrew Neil and regular guests Michael Portillo and Diane Abbott about the Brand row within discussion of the general subject of the present day worth and genuineness of public figures saying sorry, in the wake of public apologies from members of parliament (MP's) and Prime Minister Gordon Brown following the events of the MP's expenses row. Asked by Neil if receiving an apology from Brand and Ross had mattered to her, she said yes, as she had been "publicly offended and humiliated", and her father "had been humiliated too". When asked by Abbott if all the publicity surrounding the Brand row had helped her career, she responded "not necessarily ... one would think so, but not really." Neil further asked if the apology she received had helped, she replied yes, stating "definitely" to the follow-up comment from Neil of "better to get it than not get it?" When asked finally on the row by Neil if she thought the apologies from Brand and Ross were genuine, she replied that she thought Ross's was, but the fact that Brand had joked about the row on his later tour cancelled out his apology.
Songwriting.
In 2010, Baillie teamed up with singer Adam Ant (whose drummer Hayley Leggs had been a member, alongside Baillie, of burlesque troupe The Satanic Sluts) to compose the song "Gun in Your Pocket", about Ross, Brand and the entire affair. Ant intended to release the song as the lead single for his ninth album "Adam Ant Is the Blueblack Hussar in Marrying the Gunner's Daughter" (with a rerecording of early 1980s outtake "Who's A Goofy Bunny Then?" as the B-side in tribute to the recently deceased Malcolm McLaren). "Gun in Your Pocket" was performed live on at least one occasion, at a guerilla gig (one of several he played around this time) at London's Troubadour Café on 2 April 2010, and was setlisted, (but not performed) at Adam's "Pirate Metal Extravanganza" concert at the Scala on 30 April 2010, while the recording received a club play when Adam DJ'd at the Family Affair clubnight in Shoreditch, London on 24 April.
The single, along with its parent album, was put on hold when Ant (who has a history of bipolar disorder and was widely suspected around this time to have been undergoing yet another manic episode) was once again sectioned on 18 May 2010 and it remained to be seen if a medicated and stabilised Adam would wish to continue this project or not. However, interviewed by The Sun on 31 December 2010 Ant – by his own admission once more unmedicated and now including Baillie on backing vocals in his live band – confirmed the song as still on the album. "Georgina is a friend of mine who has really been through it. Her grandad still won't speak to her because he is so hurt."
"Gun in Your Pocket" was finally released in October 2012 as the B-side to "Cool Zombie", the eventual first single from the album (which finally emerged in January 2013). In addition to this song, Baillie and Ant have composed a second track about the Ross-Brand affair, "Rubber Medusa", a song focussed mainly on Brand and written from Baillie's perspective. Baillie's band, the Poussez Posse, performed this second song regularly in live support slots for Ant's UK tours during 2011–2012. Commenting on the two songs in an interview by John Robb, Baillie noted "The first one that Adam and I wrote was about an ex of mine- guess who! Which is not on the album, which is called "Gun in Your Pocket" ...(Subsequently) the first one Adam and I wrote together was "Rubber Medusa", which was about Russell, Adam came up with the title which is a quote from the Jubilee film, (Brand) does look like a rubber Medusa so I see why he said it."
Support for Lesley Douglas.
A number of radio personalities employed by the BBC came out in support of Lesley Douglas, after her resignation. Douglas was aware of the contents of the programme, but had not heard them before they were broadcast. She sanctioned its broadcast with a single word e-mail of "Yes" sent from her BlackBerry. Amongst her supporters were Chris Evans and Terry Wogan, both of whom worked for BBC Radio 2 at the time, and Dame Liz Forgan, who called her one of the "outstanding broadcasters of her generation", and said that the BBC had "lost its wits". Mark Thompson said that because of her knowledge of the broadcast, she had to shoulder some of the responsibility.
Subsequent appearances by Brand and Ross.
Ross had been scheduled to host the 2008 British Comedy Awards for ITV during the period of his suspension from the BBC; however, on 31 October he stepped down.
On 31 October, Brand left the country, saying that he had work to do in America, including TV programmes and film collaborations with Judd Apatow and Helen Mirren. The second series of Brand's Channel 4 television show "Russell Brand's Ponderland" aired as normal on the previous evening, attracting 1 million viewers, the show's largest ever audience. A further 180,000 watched the show time-shifted on the Channel 4+1 timeshift channel. The first series of "Ponderland", aired in October 2007, had been watched by 840,000 viewers, including those watching Channel 4+1. The channel reported that it had received 164 complaints from the public, many of these criticising the decision to broadcast the programme, rather than a reflection on the content, and the majority before the programme was transmitted; the show also attracted 212 emails and phone-calls of praise from fans and as such was the most praised programme screened on Channel 4 for that month.
Brand similarly continued to be on the front cover of PETA's "Vegetarian Starter Kit" booklet, despite people protesting to the organisation. PETA's director, Robbie LeBlanc, said that Brand, who had previously won PETA's Sexiest Vegetarian Celebrity contest twice, would remain on the cover "because Mr Sachs, who is also a PETA supporter, has accepted Mr Brand's apology, and that's good enough for us."
Brand went on to win the British Comedy Award for Best Live Standup Performer. In his acceptance speech, Brand dedicated his award to Ross.
After being taken off the air due to Ross' suspension, "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" returned to BBC One on 23 January 2009, featuring guests Tom Cruise, Lee Evans and Stephen Fry. The show was watched by 5.1 million viewers, an increase from the 3.74 million of the last show before going off air. Ross's return attracted 25 complaints and 3 messages of support to the BBC.
In 2009, "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" was nominated for a BAFTA. According to "The Times", Ross was nominated soon after he was banned. Melody Sachs complained about Ross being nominated so soon after the controversy in an interview with the "Daily Telegraph", saying: "I am amazed that Ross should get rewarded with a mouth like his. Nobody is saying he hasn't got talent, but what he did was so disgusting. Of course he is not worth the money, but he is good at his job. However, I don't think he should be rewarded so soon after what happened. It is like people are saying, 'Let's forget all about it and see what we can give him.' It is wrong and bad timing to give or even put up this guy for recognition when he has done such a terrible thing. It was unforgivable, really. I'm not angry, I just don't believe it."
Andrew Sachs himself said that the nomination was: "a bit of a surprise", and that: "One would question the reasons when it comes so quickly after what happened. I wonder how much it has to do with trying to comfort him. I don't know. That is how it happens. That is showbusiness."
BBC Trust ruling.
On 21 November 2008, the BBC's watchdog BBC Trust said that the phone calls were a "deplorable intrusion with no editorial justification." The Trust found that the existing BBC guidelines should have been sufficient to have prevented the incident, and that the "very offensive" programme should "never have been recorded." It found the failures lay in mistakes made by BBC editorial and compliance management. The Trust gave its backing to the BBC's response to the incident and Ross's 12-week suspension.
Echoing the findings of the BBC Trust, the BBC itself stated the incident was a "very, very serious failure in a radio programme where editorial judgement was exercised that seriously let the BBC down."
The Trust also criticised Brand's "so-called apology" of 25 October, and the staff of Chris Moyles's BBC Radio 1 show for also breaching BBC guidelines for comments by Brand in an interview on the morning of 21 October at a time when children were likely to be listening. The Trust recommended tighter controls for programmes such as Brand's, made by companies owned by their performers. Long-term effects of the controversy would include the setting up of a register of high-risk programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="19971476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971476" title="2005 Next Generation Hardcourts – Doubles">
2005 Next Generation Hardcourts – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Xavier Malisse and Olivier Rochus won the title, defeating Simon Aspelin and Todd Perry 7–6(7–5), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19971479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971479" title="Tell Me It's Not Over">
Tell Me It's Not Over

"Tell Me It's Not Over" is the first single released from the 2009 album, "All the Plans" by the English alternative rock band, Starsailor. Its release date was announced on 18 October 2008 on their official website and later via youtube by the lead singer James Walsh and Ben Byrne in their official Channel. It peaked # 73 in the UK Single Charts and #5 in the Belgium Charts making Tell Me It's Not Over their most successful single in Belgium.
The art cover for "Tell Me It's Not Over" was released on Starsailor's official website on January 16, 2009. The single was re-scheduled the same day.
Initially decided by the band to name their new single "Lights Out" or "Tell Me It's Not Over", it was performed for the first time at the music in my head festival in Paard van Troje, Den Haag, Netherlands in June 2007 and it was recorded between that year and March 2008.
Lyrically, "Tell Me It's Not Over" refers to a relationship near the end because of the adultery of his partner. The song almost makes reference to the possibility of forgiveness after an infidelity for the sake of the couple.
Critical reception.
Prior to the release of "All The Plans", "Tell Me It's Not Over" has been well received by music critics. Daily Music Guide describes the song as "one departure from the old favourites, the superb 'Tell Me It's Not Over', a forthcoming release from the eagerly anticipated new album" and praised that "despite not breaking any new ground for the band, will no doubt appease their stock of devoted fans eagerly awaiting the albums release". Monique Oliver from Absolute Radio stated that 'Tell Me It's Not Over' "goes down well". Rich McLaughlin from "The Alternate Side" compares Starsailor's single with Joseph Arthur's "In the Sun". 
Nadia Mendoza from "The Sun" praised that: "Tell Me It's Not Over is a much-needed tune for Britpoppers sick of hearing Womanizer on the radio". She else added that "The vocals of frontman James Walsh are instantly recognisable as he belts out his tender tones".
On February 23, 2009 Limelife named "Tell Me It's Not Over" as the song of the day. Liz from Limelife wrote that: "the sadness, melancholy and mope are on full display here - and Starsailor works them to maximum indie rock effect". She else added that: "the much-repeated refrain, "tell me it's not over," may stir up memories of crying on the bathroom floor, but isn't that what all good emo rock is supposed to do?".
Music video.
On December 18, 2008, it was published on Starsailor's Myspace a video from behind the scenes when the band were making the video directed by Dan Sully who has previously worked with Elbow. It was else announce that date that, "there will be an exclusive previewing of the video in its finished state shortly". The video was shot in North London.
On January 9, 2009, it was premiered in The Sun the full video.
The music video for "Tell Me It's Not Over" starts with James Walsh and his partner in a parking where she left him. Both of them (the girl presumably in the couple's home) look in a thoughtful way and seems to be doubting about the decision they have taken. Scenes of the band playing the song and the lights in different buildings being switched off and on harmonicly with the song (which could be related to the first lines of the single chorus ""now the lights out i discover..."") are interpolated in the video. At the end of the video Walsh finally decided to enter to the car.
The video features a White Mercedes-Benz W123 Estate.
On January 19, 2009, it was posted on MTV's official myspace, and premiered in Myspace Chart on MTV Two, UK. It debuted on MTV chart one week later at number five on January 26 making the best debut of that week on the channel. ".
Cover versions.
On January 19, 2009 when lead singer James Walsh was interviewed by Geoff Lloyd, he admitted that he had recorded a version of the lead single, "Tell Me It's Not Over" featuring Brandon Flowers from The Killers. The song was remixed by Flowers and Stuart Price and has since been leaked onto the internet.
According to the site administrator of the Starsailor Official Message Board, Boo, Brandon Flowers did in fact record, informally with James, vocals on a version of the song. This was actually meant to be a special secret surprise they had hoped to bring the fans at some time in the future. But at this stage, the recording was just a friendly collaboration between the two of them and does not yet have any official approval from Brandon or The Killers' management. 
She also added that "James was put rather on the spot by Geoff Lloyd asking the question directly in that manner, as it was something we were hoping to keep under wraps for now - but James being a nice boy who was taught not to tell lies, then gave an honest answer".
Nevertheless, the song featuring Brandon Flowers has been played by Swindon 105.5 fm by JEB and XFM Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19971483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971483" title="Hardy's skink">
Hardy's skink

Hardy's skink, "Cyclodina hardyi", is a skink of the family Scincidae, endemic to the Poor Knights Islands of New Zealand. It occurs on Tawhiti Rahi Island, Aorangi Island, Aorangaia Island, Archway Island, and two rock stacks (Stack “B,” Stack “C”). It closely resembles the copper skink, "Cyclodina aenea", and was considered to be a member of this species until recently when it was described as a new species using morphological, allozyme and DNA methods (Chapple et al. 2008). It is most commonly found in areas where there is ground cover near flax and scrub habitat. It is crepuscular, seeking refuge during the day under stones or thick vegetation.
"Cyclodina hardyi" can be distinguished from all other Cyclodina species, including the other members of the "C. aenea" species complex, by having suboculars three and four separated by the fifth supralabial under the eye. In addition, the midbody scale count is greater than that of the "slight skink" from the Te Paki region.

</doc>
<doc id="19971487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971487" title="Grochów (disambiguation)">
Grochów (disambiguation)

Grochów is a suburb of Warsaw.
Grochów may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19971488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971488" title="Minuscule 700">
Minuscule 700

Minuscule 700 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 133 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the Gospels. Formerly it was labelled as 604 in all catalogues (Scrivener, Hoskier), Gregory gave the number 700 to it. 
It is dated palaeographically to the 11th century.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the Gospels on 297 parchment leaves (14.8 cm by 11.7 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page in minuscule letters. The initial letters are in gold. Simple headpieces and tailpieces are in gold.
The text of the Gospels is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are placed at the margin of the text. The ("titles") of the κεφαλαια are given at the top of pages. Lists of the ("tables of contents") are placed before each Gospel (Matthew, Mark, Luke). There is also a division into smaller sections, the Ammonian sections with references to the Eusebian Canons.This is done in Gospel of John very rarely.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning of the codex, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, illustrations of the evangelists, lectionary markings at the margin in gold. It lacks Mark 11:26.
Text.
In Matthew 27:16 it has the famous textual variant "Ιησουν τον Βαραββαν". This variant is found in Codex Koridethi, and manuscripts of textual family "f"1.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed text in Luke 1, Alexandrian text in Luke 10, and represent the textual family Kx in Luke 20. It belongs to the textual subgroup 35.
It contains, together with minuscule 162, the remarkable reading in Gospel of Luke 11:2: ("May your Holy Spirit come upon us and cleanse us"), instead of ελθετω η βασιλεια σου ("May your kingdom come") in the Lord's Prayer. This peculiar reading does not appear in any other manuscript, but it was derived from very old archetype, because it is present in the Marcion's text of the third Gospel and is also attested by the church father Gregory of Nyssa. In Luke 11:4 the phrase ("but deliver us from evil") is omitted. This omission is supported by the manuscripts: Sinaiticus, B, L, "f"1 vg syrs copsa, bo, arm geo.
In Mark 5:9 it has απεκριθη λεγων as in codices E, 565. The other manuscripts have:
In Mark 10:19 — the phrase μη αποστερησης is omitted (as in codices B, K, W, Ψ, "f"1, "f"13, 28, 1010, 1079, 1242, 1546, 2148, ℓ "10", ℓ "950", ℓ "1642", ℓ "1761", syrs, arm, geo. This omission is typical for the manuscript of the Caesarean text-type.
In Luke 6:2 — οὐκ ἔξεστιν ("not lawful") for οὐκ ἔξεστιν ποιεῖν ("not lawful to do"); the reading is supported only by formula_14, Vaticanus, (Codex Bezae), Codex Nitriensis, lat, copsa, copbo, arm, geo;
In John 8:7 it has αναβλεψας instead of ανακυψας, along with U Λ "f"13
In John 8:8 it contains, together with U (030), 73, 331, 364, 658, 782, 1592 and some Armenian manuscripts, the unique addition ενος εκαστου αυτων τας αμαρτιας. This textual variant have also some Latin manuscripts. 652 has this variant on the margin added by a later hand. Minuscule 264 has this variant in John 8:6.
Hoskier exhibits 2724 variations from the Textus Receptus (of which 791 are omissions and 353 are additions). 270 textual variants are not used by any other manuscript.
History.
The author of the codex is unknown. Probably it was written in Constantinople.
The manuscript was bought in 1882 for the British Library.
It was examined by Burgon, described and collated by Simcox, and Scrivener. 
The manuscript is located now in British Library, Egerton 2610 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19971490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971490" title="Arjun Chaupari">
Arjun Chaupari

Arjun Chaupari is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5903 people living in 1188 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971492" title="Aruchaur">
Aruchaur

Aruchaur is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3283 people living in 664 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971496" title="CD Guarnizo">
CD Guarnizo

Cultural Deportiva Guarnizo is a Spanish football team based in Guarnizo, El Astillero, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1922 it plays in Tercera División – Group 3, holding home games at "Estadio El Pilar", which has a capacity of 2,700 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19971497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971497" title="Arukharka">
Arukharka

Arukharka is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3714 people living in 745 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971498" title="Bange Phadke">
Bange Phadke

Bagefatake is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1440 people living in 250 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971501" title="Bahakot">
Bahakot

Bahakot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2546 people living in 496 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971509" title="Banethok Deurali">
Banethok Deurali

Banethok Deurali is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4371 people living in 818 individual households.The VDC is situated eight mile far from district headquarter Syangja Bazaar.Siddhartha National Highway is closest national highway to this VDC.With nearly 95% literate population this VDC has one higher secondary school,one lower secondary school,four primary school and one English medium school.
References.
2.Banethok Deurali Smarika 2065

</doc>
<doc id="19971510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971510" title="Maja e Kakisë">
Maja e Kakisë

Maja e Kakisë a mountain in the north of Albania. Maja e Kakisë is 2,357m high. It is located in the south of the large Prokletije not far from the smaller Maja e Ershellit which is found even more towards the south bordering the long Drin River.

</doc>
<doc id="19971517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971517" title="Bhatkhola">
Bhatkhola

Bhatkhola is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1979 people living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971524" title="Bichari Chautara">
Bichari Chautara

Bichari Chautara is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1678 people living in 494 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971526" title="Birgha Archale">
Birgha Archale

Birgha Archale is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5476 people living in 979 individual households.
This village is situated in the westened district syangja. Two Member of parliament have been elected in the constituent no 3 are Shanker Pandey and Mohan Pandey

</doc>
<doc id="19971529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971529" title="Marywil (disambiguation)">
Marywil (disambiguation)

Marywil was a former building complex in Warsaw.
Marywil may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19971531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971531" title="Biruwa Archale">
Biruwa Archale

Biruwa Archale is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3151 people living in 590 individual households. ward no. 1 Dara/Besardada village is 100% Gurung Village. While the other Ward No. 2 Shree Danda and the remaining Ward No. 3-9 consists of Magar, Chhetri and brahmins. 

</doc>
<doc id="19971535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971535" title="Chandi Bhanjyang, Gandaki">
Chandi Bhanjyang, Gandaki

Chandi Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4803 people living in 850 individual households. It is well known for its bullfighting events which are held twice every summer

</doc>
<doc id="19971542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971542" title="Chandikalika">
Chandikalika

Chandikalika is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4264 people living in 814 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971546" title="Chapakot, Syangja">
Chapakot, Syangja

Chapakot, Syangja is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3914 people living in 720 individual households. It is located on the southern east part of syangja. Its a plane area surrounded by hills from around, on the eastern part of it, there is Ratnapur V.D.C, like wise on the western part there is Kuwakot V.D.C,KaliGandaki On the southern part of it divides it from Palpa district, On the northern part it is joined to kewere.It Is a very Beautiful valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19971550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971550" title="Chhangchhangdi">
Chhangchhangdi

Chhangchhangdi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3212 people living in 568 individual households.
Chhangchhangdi got its name from Magar language. (Changchang=sound produced by water; di=Water). 
According to holi book Swasthani, Chhangchhangdi is the place of Chaya-kshetra. After Satyawati died, Lord Shiva carried her dead body until it decayed and finished off in the soil. The buttock of Satyawati dropped in famous palace Guheswori whereas last part of Satwati fell in Chhangchhangdi. At that time Lord Shiva became tired and thirsty so he hit the hill with his arrow and drained water to drink it. Still today in Chhangchhangdi-3 there is the waterfall produced by lord Shiva. Every year many Hindu people come to the temple at various occasions especially on Shivaratri, thulo-ekadeshi, etc.
So Chhangchhangdi is good place both as religious and tourism point of view. People are foreign workers in Arabian countries, farmers, businessmen, students, doctors, engineers, army men in Nepal, India and United Kingdom, etc. Changchhangdi is a place of cultural diversity. Brahamin, Kshetriya, Magar, Newar, Dalits, etc. all live in great harmony.
The rapid development of Chhangchhandi occurred after restoration of democracy in 2046 B.S. But still Chhangchhagdi awaits a lot of development. Every ward has road, communication and electricity facilities. It has health facility, schools, local youth clubs, aama-samuha, etc. The VDC office lies in Dhavung-thati. River Adhikhola is border between Changchangdi and Swarek VDC. Dahathum VDC lies at Northeast, Walling Municipality lies at west and southwestern area. Siddhartha highway passes through Chhangchhangdi. Chhangchhangdi got highway connection since more than last 40 years.
The first active leader of Chhangchhangdi VDC is Shobha Kanta "Kancha" Poudel. He is famous for fighting selflessly for democracy. Recently there are few emerging leaders in chhangchhandi.

</doc>
<doc id="19971551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971551" title="Amelup, Western Australia">
Amelup, Western Australia

Amelup is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia located on Chester Pass Road.
The Amelup service station is located 9 km North of the Stirling Range National Park situated between the Stirling Range and Borden.
The area was once a centre of the Sandalwood trade, with cutters working the area in the 1890s. Sandalwood Road is a reminder of the town's past. The town is mostly known for its "CAUTION NUDISTS CROSSING" sign on the main street.
The area was opened for selection in 1928 with over 400 acres being allocated. Most land is now used for cereal cropping and sheep grazing for both wool and meat production.

</doc>
<doc id="19971553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971553" title="Jesse Cohn">
Jesse Cohn

Jesse Sheppard Cohn is an academic and author of the work "Anarchism and the Crisis of Representation". Cohn earned his bachelor's degree in English literature from Earlham College in 1994 before going on to earn an M.A. and PhD from Binghamton University in 1996 and 1999 respectively. After six years on the faculty of Purdue University North Central, he was promoted to associate professor of English in 2006. Cohn's Science Fiction and Fantasy class was the impetus for the establishment of the "Simulated Selves, Virtual Worlds" film festival.
His work "Anarchism and the Crisis of Representation: Hermeneutics, Aesthetics, Politics" is a challenge to conventional interpretations of anarchism which investigates the notion of "representation", questioning the legitimacy of some individuals speaking for others. Cohn is a noted critic of postanarchism, as the author of the influential article "What is 'Postanarchism' Post?", a critical review of Saul Newman's "From Bakunin to Lacan", as well as the co-author with Shawn P. Wilbur of "What’s Wrong With Postanarchism?" ("Theory and Culture"). Besides Wilbur, Cohn has collaborated with scholars of anarchism such as Todd May, Lewis Call and Robert Graham, and has been published in journals including "Anarchist Studies", "Fifth Estate", "Radical Philosophy" and "Postmodern Culture".

</doc>
<doc id="19971556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971556" title="Chilaunebas">
Chilaunebas

Chilaunebas is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3167 people living in 635 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971564" title="Chimnebas">
Chimnebas

Chimnebas is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5478 people living in 984 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971573" title="Chisapani, Gandaki">
Chisapani, Gandaki

Chisapani, Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4641 people living in 909 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971576" title="Chitre Bhanjyang">
Chitre Bhanjyang

Chitre Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4018 people living in 734 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971578" title="Blackstorm">
Blackstorm

Blackstorm are a rock/blues band from Yuendumu in the Northern Territory. The members are Warlpiri and their songs are sung in Warlpiri and English. The band was nominated for a Deadly Award for Best Band in 2001.
Music from Blackstorm and its members were used in the "Bush Mechanics" shows.
Both Rice and Robertson also work as artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19971582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971582" title="Darsing Dahathum">
Darsing Dahathum

Darsing Dahathum is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5302 people living in 927 individual households.Bayarghari Bazzar is the common market of this village development committee.The small bazaar Bayarghari is one of the fastest growing bazaar of Syangja District.Most of the people living in this VDC are in Indian Army.The national highway Siddhartha Highway passes by this VDC.There are several government schools including four private schools also.
References.
Dahathum is also a very beautiful village having very old madhyamic vidhyalaya which is situated in small and beautiful tapuu.

</doc>
<doc id="19971585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971585" title="Slight skink">
Slight skink

The slight skink, "Oligosoma levidensum", is a skink of the family Scincidae, endemic to the far north of the North Island of New Zealand. The precise distribution is unknown, currently it is only known from localities in the Te Paki region of Northland. It closely resembles the copper skink, "Oligosoma aeneum", and was considered to be a member of this species until recently when it was described as a new species using morphological, allozyme and DNA methods (Chapple et al. 2008). "O. levidensum" is difficult to distinguish morphologically from "O. aeneum", which is probably why it had not been recognized until recently. The main distinguishing feature is the slighter overall body form of "O. levidensum" compared to "O. aeneum". The limbs of "O. levidensum" are reduced compared to "O. aeneum" and "O. hardyi" - the other members of the "O. aeneum" complex. (Chapple et al. 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19971592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971592" title="Maja e Grebenit">
Maja e Grebenit

Maja e Grebenit is a mountain in Albania, located near its most northern tip, in the Prokletije. It reaches a height of 1,840 metres. It is located just south of the fertile valley of the Vermosh river, close to the border with Montenegro.
Maja e Grebenit is located in the municipality Kelmend, and is surrounded by the villages Vermosh, Lepush and Selcë.

</doc>
<doc id="19971597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971597" title="Dhanubase">
Dhanubase

Dhanubase is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3509 people living in 666 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971603" title="Dhapuk Simal Bhanjyang">
Dhapuk Simal Bhanjyang

Dhapuk Simal Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4250 people living in 775 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971608" title="TestComplete">
TestComplete

TestComplete is an automated testing tool, developed by SmartBear Software which aims to allow testers to create software quality tests. Tests can be recorded, manually scripted or created manually with keyword operations and used for automated playback and error logging.
TestComplete is used for testing many different application types including Web, Windows, WPF, HTML5, Flash, Flex, Silverlight, .NET, VCL and Java. It automates front-end UI/functional testing and back-end testing like database testing.
Overview.
Uses.
TestComplete is used to create and automate many different software test types. Record and playback test creation records a tester performing a manual test and allows it to be played back over and over again as an automated test. Recorded tests can be modified later by testers to create new tests or enhance existing tests with more use cases.
Main Features.
"Keyword Testing": TestComplete has a built-in keyword-driven test editor that consists of keyword operations that correspond to automated testing actions.
"Full-Featured Script Editor": TestComplete has a built-in code editor that helps testers write scripts manually. It also includes a set of special plug-ins that help.
"Test Record and Playback": TestComplete records the key actions necessary to replay the test and discards all unneeded actions.
"Script Debugging Features": The debugger can stop before every executable line in the script or keyword test. That helps track what the test is doing and make changes when necessary.
"Access to Methods and Properties of Internal Objects": TestComplete reads the names of the visible elements and many internal elements of Delphi, C++Builder, .NET, WPF, Java and Visual Basic applications and allows test scripts to access these values for verification or use in tests.
"Unicode Support": TestComplete's Unicode character set support allows testing of non-ASCII applications that use Unicode character sets like Arabic, Greek, Katakana, Hebrew and others.
"Issue-Tracking Support": TestComplete includes issue-tracking templates that can be used to create or modify items stored in issue-tracking systems. TestComplete currently supports Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010 Team System, BugZilla, Jira and AutomatedQA AQdevTeam.
"COM-based, Open Architecture": TestComplete's engine is based on an open API, COM interface. It is source-language independent, and can read debugger information and use it at runtime through the TestComplete Debug Info Agent.
"Test Visualizer" – TestComplete automatically captures screenshots during test recording and playback. This enables quick comparisons between expected and actual screens during test.
"Support for plugins" - TestComplete supports plugins so third-party vendors can connect TestComplete with their applications. For instance the test case management software SpiraTest can be linked to TestComplete so test runs of automated tests get reported back into SpiraTest.
Supported OS.
Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Server 2003, Server 2008, Vista, Windows 7 and 8. (both 32-bit and 64-bit editions).

</doc>
<doc id="19971609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971609" title="Eladi">
Eladi

Eladi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2430 people living in 463 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971613" title="Faparthum">
Faparthum

Faparthum is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3015 people living in 593 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971621" title="Fedikhola">
Fedikhola

Fedikhola is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6044 people living in 1257 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971622" title="Against the Rules">
Against the Rules

Against The Rules is the fifth album by Russian singer-songwriter Dima Bilan, after winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 2008. It was released in 2009 in Russia and all over Europe.
The album is the English version of his recently released Russian language album "Protiv Pravil".
Track listing.
Production, writing and vocal production by Jim Beanz except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19971626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971626" title="Uncial 0142">
Uncial 0142

Uncial 0142 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), O6 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 10th century. Formerly it was classified as a minuscule manuscript of New Testament under numbers 46a 55p (Scrivener). 
Description.
The codex contains the complete Acts, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles, on 381 parchment leaves (32 cm by 24.5 cm). It is written in one column per page, 40 lines per page, in uncial letters, 
but uncial letters are mixed with minuscule letters. It contains a commentary of Oecumenius.
It contains stichoi.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. Uncial 056 probably was rewritten from the codex 0142.
It lacks Acts 8:37.
In Acts 18:26 it reads την του θεου οδον along with P, Ψ, 049, 104, 330, 451, 1241, 1877, 2127, 2492, Byz, Lect;
In Acts 20:15 it reads και μειναντες εν Στρογγυλιω along with 056.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was examined by Bengel, Matthai, and Scholz. Scholz examined Acts 3-20 and 1 Cor 1-3. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1887.
Formerly the manuscript was held in Augsburg. It came to Munich in 1806. It is currently housed at the Bayerische Staatsbibliothek (Gr. 375) in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19971629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971629" title="Ganeshpur, Gandaki">
Ganeshpur, Gandaki

Ganeshpur, Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3265 people residing in 596 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19971636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971636" title="Jagat Bhanjyang">
Jagat Bhanjyang

Jagat Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3439 people living in 675 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971639" title="Dennis Gibson (academic)">
Dennis Gibson (academic)

Emeritus Professor R. Dennis Gibson, AO is a British-born Australian academic and mathematician 
He was the Chancellor of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University) in Melbourne, Australia, from 2003-2010.
He is a member of the Council of Bond University on the Gold Coast, Australia, and a Visiting Professor at the University of Greenwich in London, England. He served as the Vice-Chancellor of the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia, for 21 years, before he retired in 2003 and was appointed the Chancellor of RMIT.
Education.
Prof. Gibson earned a degree in science with first class honours from the University of Hull in 1963. He later earned a masters degree in science and a Doctorate of Philosophy, with a thesis on magnetohydrodynamics, from Newcastle University in 1967. In 1987, he was awarded a Higher Doctorate of Science by the UK's Council for National Academic Awards.
Career.
Academic.
Prof. Gibson's first executive position was at Northumbria University, where he was Head of the Department of Mathematics, Science and Computing between 1977 and 1982. 
Shortly after he moved to Australia in 1982, he served as Deputy Director, and later the Director, of the Queensland Institute of Technology (the antecedent of the Queensland University of Technology). After the institute became a university in 1988 he served as its Vice-Chancellor until 2003. On 13 April of the same year, he was appointed the Chancellor of RMIT, taking over from former CEO of ANZ Bank, Donald Mercer. 
In 2005, he became a member of the Council of Bond University, and a Visiting Professor at the University of Greenwich.
He retired as Chancellor of RMIT in 2010, and was replaced by Dr Ziggy Switkowski.
Other leadership.
Currently, Prof. Gibson is the Chairman of two technology companies as well as the Premier of Queensland's Smart Awards Committee; a trustee of the RMIT Foundation and a member of the International Assessment Panel for the Irish Higher Education Authority.
Works.
Prof. Gibson has also authoured over 100 publications on applied mathematics and higher education policy and management.
Honours.
In 2002, he was made a Member of the Order of Australia in recognition of his contribution to education. In 2003, he was awarded the Centenary Medal. 
He holds honorary doctorates from the Queensland University of Technology and University of the Sunshine Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19971642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971642" title="Jagatradevi">
Jagatradevi

Jagatradevi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 7934 people living in 1551 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971654" title="Bapi Bose">
Bapi Bose

Bapi Bose (16 October 1909 – 3 August 1977), born Sailendra Mohan Bose, was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta and died in Bombay.
Bose made two first-class appearances for the Indian University Occasionals, scoring a duck in the first innings in which he batted, against Ceylon, while the Occasionals finished marginally short of a hefty victory, as the match finished in a draw.
Bose made two Ranji Trophy appearances during the 1935-36 season, for Bengal, making his top score of 26 in his final first-class game.
Bose's brothers, Ganesh and Kartick, also played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19971657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971657" title="Battle of Villepion">
Battle of Villepion

The Battle of Villepion was a battle between the French XVI Corps under General Chanzy and the I Bavarian Corps during the Franco-Prussian War. It occurred in the district of Terminiers, between Terminiers and Nonneville on 1 December 1870, and ended in a French victory.
After the Battle of Beaune-la-Rolande on 28 November 1870 the Corps in the centre of the French Army of the Loire advanced and made a swing east towards Pithiviers. On the early afternoon of 1 December an infantry division and a cavalry division of the French XVI Corps met I. Bayerischen Korps. The battle began in Terminiers and the western districts of the town. Although the whole I Corps intervened in the battle, the Bavarians held the position and the Corps had to retreat towards Villepion.
The fighting here lasted until nightfall. Under the cover of darkness the Bavarians retreated then returned and reunited with other units of the army group under Frederick Francis II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin at Goury and Villeprivost (Loigny la Bataille). The retreat was covered by an artillery battery under the command of captain (later field marshal) Leopold of Bavaria, wounded in the action and receiving the Military Order of Max Joseph for his conduct in the battle, the highest Bavarian award for valour in the face of the enemy. The Bavarians lost 42 officers and about 1,000 men, while the French losses are not accurately documented. The German army group's counter-attack the next day led to the battle of Loigny-Poupry.

</doc>
<doc id="19971658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971658" title="Kalikakot">
Kalikakot

Kalikakot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5188 people living in 981 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971664" title="Karendada">
Karendada

Karendada is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4217 people living in 826 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971667" title="Alfred Schneidereit">
Alfred Schneidereit

Alfred Schneidereit was an Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
He was born on the 29 October 1919 at Insterburg in East Prussia. On the 15 November 1939, he joined the SS-Verfügungstruppe and was posted to the 18th Company of Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler Regiment.
He was attached to the Guard Battalion in Berlin and did not see active service in the Polish Campaign or the Battle of France.
Then in 1940 he was posted to the 8th Company "LSSAH" in time for the Balkans Campaign. After the Balkans the "LSSAH" was moved to the east for Operation Barbarossa where Schneidereit was involved in the battles at Lutsk, Kherson, Taganrog and Rostov. 
In 1942 - 1943 the Division was sent to France to refit and Schneidereit now in the 8th Company, II./1st SS-Panzer Grenadier Regiment, returned to the Eastern Front to participate in the Third Battle of Kharkov, where Schneidereit was awarded the Infantry Assault Badge in Bronze.
For his part in Operation Citadel he was awarded the Close Combat Clasp in Bronze and the Wound Badge in Black.
In November 1943 Schneidereit's Division was returned to the Eastern Front for the Battle of Kursk where he was wounded twice more and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class and the Knight's Cross from Adolf Hitler.
Schneidereit, in command of a Panzerschreck anti-tank weapon knocked out five T34 tanks and two personnel carriers and also commanded a counterattack against Russian Infantry that was threatening to overrun his company's position.
Schneidereit was also promoted to Scharführer (Staff Sergeant) for bravery in the face of the enemy, and posted to the officer training school at Bad Tölz, which he graduated from in October 1944 as a senior officer candidate (SS-Standartenoberjunker). In January 1945, he was promoted to SS-Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and from April - May 1945, was involved in operations east of Berlin as a company commander within the replacement battalion "LSSAH". Once again he was wounded and surrendered to the Russians on 12 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19971668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971668" title="Askrigg railway station">
Askrigg railway station

Askrigg railway station is a disused railway station in North Yorkshire, England and served the village of Askrigg. It was part of the Wensleydale Railway until it closed. The Wensleydale Railway Association aims to rebuild the railway from Northallerton to Garsdale and plans to re-open the station. At the moment it is the head office of one of the main employers in Wensleydale and is privately owned so it is unclear how the Wensleydale Railway intend to bring it back to use.
History.
Opened by the North Eastern Railway in 1878, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was subsequently closed by the British Transport Commission in April 1954, although goods traffic continued until the Redmire to Hawes section closed to all traffic in 1964.
The site today.
The track has been lifted through the station site. The nearest track on the line runs from Redmire eastward, providing rail access for military traffic to local training areas. The Wensleydale Railway is a heritage line which operates from Redmire to Leeming Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19971670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971670" title="Kaulmabarahachaur">
Kaulmabarahachaur

Kaulmabarahachaur is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2354 people living in 445 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971678" title="Keware Bhanjyang">
Keware Bhanjyang

Keware Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3163 people living in 617 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971688" title="Khilung Deurali">
Khilung Deurali

Khilung Deurali is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4326 people living in 848 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971691" title="Kichnas">
Kichnas

Kichnas is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5512 people living in 1078 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971694" title="Kuwakot, Gandaki">
Kuwakot, Gandaki

Kuwakot, Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4580 people living in 759 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971698" title="IFE Worldwide">
IFE Worldwide

IFE Worldwide is a group of five international trade-only food and drink exhibitions.
The IFE brand began in 1979 with IFE UK, organised by Montgomery Ltd. The events attract trade professionals from the food and drink industry.
Montgomery Ltd was established in 1895. The first event organised by the company was the Building Exhibition 1895 in London. This went on to become the largest B2B tradeshow in the United Kingdom and the world's leading tradeshow for the building and construction industry. In 1979 Montgomery created IFE UK, an international food, drink and hospitality exhibition.
IFE UK.
IFE UK is one of the top 5 food and drink exhibitions in the world. IFE UK is run biennially in March. The 2007 event attracted over 24,000 visitors. The tradeshow is divided into sectors specific to areas of the food and drink industry. The event is now run by Fresh RM, a company jointly owned by Montgomery Exhibitions Ltd and Reed Elsevier.
IFE Poland.
IFE Poland was launched in 2003. Held at Expo XXI in Warsaw, it rivals Polagra, a similar food and drink show held in Poznan that allows general public admittance. In the 2008 event, 22 countries were represented.
IFE Foodapest.
IFE Foodapest was created in 2007 when the IFE Hungary and Foodpest Exhibition merged to create one food and drink show for Hungary and the surrounding regions. Based at the Hungexpo fair centre in Budapest, the focus of the show is food and drink innovation in developing markets.
IFE Fresh Produce.
IFE Fresh Produce is a sector-specific food and drink exhibition focused on the fruit and vegetable market, based in Russia established in 2006. It is the only trade show of its kind in the region. Based in Expocentr, Moscow, the trade-only exhibition is for importers of fruit and vegetables in Russia.
IFE India.
IFE India, based at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi is a food and drink exhibition in India, targeting professionals. The India version of the International Wine Challenge is held in conjunction with IFE India, with Robert Joseph as judge.

</doc>
<doc id="19971699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971699" title="Kyakami">
Kyakami

Kyakami is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5767 people living in 1096 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971702" title="Majhakot Sivalaya">
Majhakot Sivalaya

Majhakot Sivalaya is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2084 people living in 392 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971707" title="Malengkot">
Malengkot

Malunga is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6021 people living in 1143 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971711" title="Manakamana, Syangja">
Manakamana, Syangja

Manakamana, Syangja is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5436 people living in 1034 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971718" title="Nibuwakharka">
Nibuwakharka

Nibuwakharka is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3977 people living in 715 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971721" title="Oraste">
Oraste

Oraste is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4240 people living in 803 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971728" title="Pakbadi">
Pakbadi

Pakbadi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6419 people living in 1105 individual households. It tastes of venison.

</doc>
<doc id="19971732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971732" title="Panchamul">
Panchamul

Panchamul is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5171 people living in 967 individual households.
References.
Syangja, Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="19971738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971738" title="Pauwegaude">
Pauwegaude

Pauwegaude is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3391 people living in 669 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971745" title="Pekhuwa Baghakhor">
Pekhuwa Baghakhor

Pekhuwa Baghakhor is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4436 people living in 805 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971749" title="Pelakot">
Pelakot

Pelakot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5537 people living in 1017 individual households.
References.
pelakot is beautiful place in syangja district.

</doc>
<doc id="19971768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971768" title="Hannes Võrno">
Hannes Võrno

Hannes Võrno (born 1 May 1969 in Rakvere) is an Estonian comedian, politician and military officer.
To the general public, Võrno is mainly known as a member of the comedy troupe Kreisiraadio, as well as the co-host of the TV show Kahvel and host of TV shows "Kes tahab saada miljonäriks?" (franchise of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?") and "Tõehetk" (franchise of "Moment of Truth").
Politics.
Võrno is a member of the Isamaa ja Res Publica Liit political party. He was a member of Riigikogu, Estonia's parliament, in 2003, but resigned to work as TV host.

</doc>
<doc id="19971773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971773" title="Pelkachaur">
Pelkachaur

Pelkachaur is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2538 people living in 498 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971781" title="Pindikhola vdc1">
Pindikhola vdc1

pindikhola is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5625 people living in 1074 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971786" title="Rangvang">
Rangvang

Rangvang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3841 people living in 715 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971791" title="Rapakot">
Rapakot

Rapakot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4406 people living in 823 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971795" title="Ratnapur, Gandaki">
Ratnapur, Gandaki

Ratnapur, Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3194 people living in 608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971797" title="Sakhar, Nepal">
Sakhar, Nepal

Sakhar is a Village Development Committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,330 people residing in 1,028 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19971802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971802" title="Sataudarau">
Sataudarau

Sataudarau is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2808 people living in 550 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971805" title="Yaladi">
Yaladi

Yaladi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2313.

</doc>
<doc id="19971807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971807" title="Wangsing Deurali">
Wangsing Deurali

Wangsing Deurali is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 577 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971815" title="Tulsibhanjyang">
Tulsibhanjyang

Tulsibhanjyang is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4071 people living in 715 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971816" title="Deportivo Rayo Cantabria">
Deportivo Rayo Cantabria

Deportivo Rayo Cantabria is a Spanish football team based in Santander, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1993 it currently plays in Tercera División – Group 3, holding home games at the "Campo Municipal Mies de Cozada" sports ground, which they share with a Segunda Regional football side (Juventud Atlético San Román) and a División de Honor rugby club (Independiente Rugby Club). Before they played at the "Campos de San Juan de Monte".
History.
Rayo Cantabria was founded originally in 1926 as "Rayo Sport de Miranda", later being renamed "Sociedad Deportiva Rayo Cantabria" and going on to play almost exclusively in the fourth division – it competed one season in the third.
For several campaigns, the club acted as Racing de Santander's farm team. In 1993 it was dissolved, and Racing de Santander B took its place. The new "Rayo Cantabria", who started playing as an independent club in the regional leagues, was also affiliated to Racing four seasons, from 2003-04 to 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="19971820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971820" title="George Beckwith (Carl Jung associate)">
George Beckwith (Carl Jung associate)

George Beckwith (born 20 November 1896 Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, died 2 November 1931 San Diego County California), was an American expatriate in 1920s Paris and early Jungian associate who accompanied psychologist Carl Jung on his African expedition, 1925-6.
Early life.
George Beckwith was born in Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, the second child of Orville and Louisa Beckwith. His grandfather, Warren Beckwith (b. 1833) was a captain in the Union army during the Civil War and later supervised the construction of railways in eastern Iowa. He then founded a company producing horse-drawn road-grading equipment of his own design, used in the construction of railways. Initially established in Mt Pleasant, Western Wheeled Scraper Works soon moved to Aurora, Illinois and years later became part of Austin-Western Works. The family was comfortably wealthy. George Beckwith's cousins Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith and Mary Lincoln Beckwith, children of Orville's brother Warren and Jessie Harlan Lincoln, were the last surviving descendants of Abraham Lincoln.
Unfortunately, Orville Beckwith did not find success in his own business ventures. He committed suicide in 1920, and soon after that his wife and younger children moved to La Jolla, California. George Beckwith attended Mt Pleasant High School, class of 1914. By 1920 he was working in Aurora, Illinois, where the family business was located. According to a newspaper article of 4 May 1922, he was then attending Columbia University.
Paris years.
In 1925, Leonard Bacon met George Beckwith in Zurich. Beckwith was living in Paris, in analysis with Jung's apprentice H. G. ('Peter') Baynes, and traveling frequently to Zurich to attend the seminars Jung held for patients and students. Bacon was an American poet who had come to Zurich for a few months to be analyzed by Jung. Bacon recalled Beckwith in his memoir:
Another friend during these years was Dolly Wilde, niece of Oscar Wilde. According to Dolly, George resembled Carl Van Vechten's fictional character Peter Wiffle, an aspiring writer in a book based on Van Vechten's recollections of the English-speaking literary community in Paris.
Involvement with Carl Jung.
In the summer of 1925, inspired by the British Empire Exhibition display of African art and culture, Jung resolved to make a trip to East Africa as soon as possible. Jung hoped to find an area sufficiently remote that the inhabitants would have had no contact with European culture, and learn first-hand about the spiritual life of people untouched by the modern world. Initially, his traveling companions were to have been George Porter and Fowler McCormick, who had planned and financed Jung's trip to America the year before. When both dropped out of the project, Jung chose Baynes and Beckwith to replace them. Baynes took care of most of the details, including acquiring the support of the British Foreign Office for the project, under the name "Bugishu Psychological Expedition."
Jung and Beckwith left Southampton by ship on 15 October 1925, to be joined by Baynes (who had used land transportation) in Genoa. They disembarked in Mombasa and continued to Nairobi by rail, where they spent a week gathering supplies. Another day of rail travel took them to the end of the railroad, and they continued by car toward Jung's chosen destination at the foot of Mount Elgon.
An outsider's view of the three men appeared in a 1960 recollection by Francis Daniel Hislop, a retired British foreign officer who was then stationed in the Nandi District in Kenya. Jung, Beckwith and Baynes were driving a large safari-car without a local guide, had come to the end of the main road, and were trying to decide which of several unmaintained dirt roads they should take to reach Mount Elgon. Hislop was amazed by their naivete. Following his story is somewhat difficult because he did not remember the names of either Baynes or Beckwith, referring to Beckwith as "Douglas."
Shortly after their meeting with Hislop, they were joined by Ruth Bailey, who had been traveling with another group and received an invitation to join the Bugishu expedition. Her presence alleviated some of the tension which had developed between Peter Baynes and George Beckwith. Although Jung had never analyzed Beckwith, he was concerned by what he heard of Beckwith's dreams and apparently thought that the young man was at risk for an early death. This suspicion, along with an ominous message Jung had received in an "I Ching" reading shortly before they left, predisposed Jung to anxieties which only increased as the group traveled farther into the interior. Jung later related the events of a day when everything seemed to reach the crisis point. Jung had almost stepped on a puff-adder, then a pack of hyenas had attacked the camp. Beckwith experienced a particularly close encounter:
The malaria attack occurred near the end of the trip, in Cairo. Beckwith was fortunate that Ruth Bailey had nursing experience, and the illness did not delay his return voyage.
Later years.
It took months for Beckwith to recover completely. He remained in Paris for several more years, returning to the United States in the summer of 1931. He was killed in an auto accident that November, near the family home in La Jolla, California. Dolly Wilde said to a friend:
The official report of his death did not mention flames, only that the accident was the result of a tire blow-out on a downhill grade, and that the cause of death was pulmonary hemorrhage. He was 35. Burial was at Forest Lawn Cemetery, Glendale.

</doc>
<doc id="19971822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971822" title="Satupasal">
Satupasal

Satupasal is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5210 people living in 1040 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971844" title="Botsford Hospital">
Botsford Hospital

Botsford Hospital is a 330-bed health care facility serving communities in southern Oakland and western Wayne Counties including Farmington, Farmington Hills, Livonia, Redford, Dearborn Heights, Detroit, Southfield, West Bloomfield, Novi, Northville, Plymouth, Lyon Township and Wixom. The hospital earned three year accreditation from the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program in 2008.
History.
Dr. Allen Zieger opened his first hospital in 1944 in Detroit and called it the Zieger Osteopathic Hospital. In 1965, Zieger Osteopathic opened Botsford at its current location on Grand River Avenue in Farmington Hills.
Medical Education.
Botsford Hospital is a teaching hospital for the training of osteopathic physicians. It is a base hospital for: 

</doc>
<doc id="19971846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971846" title="Sekham">
Sekham

Sekham is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4661 people living in 773 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971849" title="Setidobhan">
Setidobhan

Setidobhan is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3522.
References.
Setidovan is one of the most developed V.D.C. in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="19971851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971851" title="Maja Trojan">
Maja Trojan

Maja Trojan or Trojan ( or "Trojan", Serbian/Montenegrin: "Trojan") is a mountain in the Prokletije range nestled in between Albania and Montenegro. Even though it is not very tall, only reaching to 2,190m, from the summit of Trojan there is a wonderful panoramic view of the Prokletije and other ranges in the Dinaric Alps such as Visitor. The major part of the Trojan is found on the Albanian side.

</doc>
<doc id="19971857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971857" title="Shreekrishna Gandaki">
Shreekrishna Gandaki

Shreekrishna Gandaki is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7292 people living in 1326 individual households.
References.
Shree Krishna Gandki hospital is located in mirmi in this vdc,with all facilities such as x-ray and usg 24 hr.

</doc>
<doc id="19971863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971863" title="I Royal Bavarian Corps">
I Royal Bavarian Corps

The I Royal Bavarian Army Corps / I Bavarian AK () was a corps level command of the Royal Bavarian Army, part of the German Army, before and during World War I.
As part of the 1868 army reform, the I Royal Bavarian Army Corps of the Bavarian Army was set up in 1869 in Munich as the "Generalkommando" (headquarters) for the southern part of the Kingdom. With the formation of the III Royal Bavarian Corps in 1900, it was made responsible for Swabia and most of Upper and Lower Bavaria. Like all Bavarian formations, it was assigned to the IV Army Inspectorate. This became the 6th Army at the start of the First World War. The Corps was disbanded at the end of the War.
Franco-Prussian War.
The I Royal Bavarian Corps (along with the II Royal Bavarian Corps) participated in the Franco-Prussian War as part of the 3rd Army.
It initially fought in the battles of Worth, Beaumont and the Bazeilles, where it lost about 7.000 men, it also fought at the decisive battle of Sedan. After Sedan, the Corps was responsible for the removal of prisoners and ensuring transport of the booty. Thereafter, it moved south of Paris to the Loire, to shield the army during the Siege of Paris. A newly formed French Corps gathered in the Orléans area, so the Corps was reinforced by the 17th Division, 22nd Division and two cavalry divisions. After the Battle of Artenay, Orléans was captured and the reinforcing divisions were removed so the Corps did not have them for the first battles against the Army of the Loire. As a result of the subsequent Battle of Coulmiers, Orléans was lost once again.
In the period from October to late December 1870, the Corps was on service without interruption, particularly from the beginning of November in the battles of Villepion, Loigny, Orléans and Beaugency, usually against a numerically superior enemy. The losses in December alone amounted to 5,600 men. A planned return to the siege army at Paris had to be postponed several times because the Bavarians could not be spared.
Peacetime organisation.
The 25 peacetime Corps of the German Army (Guards, I - XXI, I - III Bavarian) had a reasonably standardised organisation. Each consisted of two divisions with usually two infantry brigades, one field artillery brigade and a cavalry brigade each. Each brigade normally consisted of two regiments of the appropriate type, so each Corps normally commanded 8 infantry, 4 field artillery and 4 cavalry regiments. There were exceptions to this rule:
Each Corps also directly controlled a number of other units. This could include one or more 
World War I.
Organisation on mobilisation.
On mobilization, on 2 August 1914, the Corps was restructured. 1st Cavalry Brigade was withdrawn to form part of the Bavarian Cavalry Division and the 2nd Cavalry Brigade was broken up and its regiments assigned to the divisions as reconnaissance units. Divisions received engineer companies and other support units from the Corps headquarters. In summary, I Bavarian Corps mobilised with 25 infantry battalions, 8 machine gun companies (48 machine guns), 8 cavalry squadrons, 24 field artillery batteries (144 guns), 4 heavy artillery batteries (16 guns), 3 pioneer companies and an aviation detachment.
Combat chronicle.
On mobilisation, I Royal Bavarian Corps was assigned to the predominately Bavarian 6th Army forming part of the left wing of the forces for the Schlieffen Plan offensive in August 1914. It was still in existence at the end of the war in the 18th Army, "Heeresgruppe Deutscher Kronprinz" on the Western Front.
Commanders.
The I Royal Bavarian Corps had the following commanders during its existence:
Headquarters staff during World War I.
From 2 August 1914, its headquarters staff were:

</doc>
<doc id="19971865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971865" title="Sirsekot">
Sirsekot

Sirsekot is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4588 people living in 888 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971869" title="Sorek, Nepal">
Sorek, Nepal

Sorek, Nepal is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5152 people living in 1049 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971877" title="Alf Bishop (footballer born 1886)">
Alf Bishop (footballer born 1886)

Alfred John "Alf" Bishop (8 April 1886 – 8 August 1938) was an English footballer who spent most of his professional career with Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Bishop joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in June 1906, from nearby non-league side Halesowen Town. He made his debut on 1 September 1906 in the club's first ever Second Division fixture, a 1–1 draw with Hull City.
He was a regular first choice player throughout his Molineux career, playing at left half, right half and centre half. He was part of the club's 1908 FA Cup triumph, when they beat Newcastle United in the final.
After 382 appearances in total, he eventually left the Midlands in 1920 to join Wrexham where he finished his player career. After retiring due to injury, he returned to live in Wolverhampton.
He died on 8 August 1938, aged 52.
Honours.
Wolverhampton Wanderers

</doc>
<doc id="19971878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971878" title="Taksar, Gandaki">
Taksar, Gandaki

Taksar is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,737 people living in 550 individual households. It is very beautiful landscape.There is the variety of ethnic groups. It is only one VDC in Syangja district which borders with two districts Kaski and Tanahun.There is the road connection with Kaski and Tanahun.

</doc>
<doc id="19971879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971879" title="Uncial 0143">
Uncial 0143

Uncial 0143 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 08 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of Gospel of Mark 8:17-18,27-28 on one parchment leaf (14.5 cm by 6 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in small uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-types. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
It is currently housed at the Bodleian Library, Gr. bibl. E, 5 (P) in Oxford. 

</doc>
<doc id="19971888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971888" title="Thuladihi">
Thuladihi

Thuladihi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3765 people living in 706 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971891" title="Thumpokhara">
Thumpokhara

Thumpokhara is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5015 people living in 974 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971892" title="Tindobate">
Tindobate

Tindobate is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4092 people living in 684 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19971905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971905" title="CAPRI model">
CAPRI model

The CAPRI (Common Agricultural Policy Regionalised Impact) model is a tool for exante impact assessment of agricultural and international trade policies with a focus on the European Union. As an economic partial comparative static equilibrium model for agriculture, its core consists of two interlinked modules: about 250 regional aggregate programming models covering the EU27, Norway and Western Balkans at the NUTS 2 level and a global spatial multi-commodity model for agricultural commodities, which together allow calculation of a wide range of economic and environmental indicators. A spatial downscaling component allows impact assessment at the 1x1 km grid level for EU27. CAPRI is written in GAMS and steered by a Graphical User Interface realized in Java.
CAPRI was developed and improved in a suite of EU funded research projects (CAPRI, CAP-STRAT, CAPRI-Dynaspat). Past applications include analysis of different reform steps of the Common Agricultural Policy such as Agenda 2000, Decoupling (2003) or sugar market reform (2005-2006) and environmental impact analysis such as a trading scheme for Green House Gases from agriculture.
CAPRI is maintained by a network of different European research institutions and co-ordinated by a team at the Institute for Food and Resource Economics at the University of Bonn. Its main client is the EU Commission (Directorate-Generals for Agriculture and Rural Development and for the Environment).

</doc>
<doc id="19971922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971922" title="Bavarian Army Reform (1868)">
Bavarian Army Reform (1868)

After the experience of the Bavarian army in the war against Prussia, in 1868 the Bavarian War Minister Siegmund Freiherr von Pranckh fundamentally reformed the army. His main measures were:
Through these reforms, the Bavarian Army was able to participate significantly in the Franco-Prussian War.

</doc>
<doc id="19971934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971934" title="Jonathan Stephenson">
Jonathan Stephenson

Jonathan Stephenson (2 November 1950 – 21 December 2011) was an Irish nationalist politician.
A Protestant born in England, Stephenson moved to Northern Ireland, where he studied at Queen's University Belfast. He joined the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) in the early 1980s, and became its first official press officer.
Stephenson was elected to Belfast City Council at the Northern Ireland local elections, 1993, representing the SDLP in the Castle area. He also became Deputy Chairperson of the SDLP, serving from 1995 to 1998.
In 1995, he became the party's Chairperson, serving until 1998. At the Northern Ireland Forum election in 1996, he did not stand in a constituency, but was elected as one of two regional list candidates for the SDLP, but he lost his council seat in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19971942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971942" title="SD Reocín">
SD Reocín

Sociedad Deportiva Reocín is a football team based in Reocín in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1964, the team plays in Regional Preferente. The club's home ground is "Pepín Cadelo", which has a capacity of 4,000 spectators.
Season to season.
Racing Reocín
The club has a women who was born in the 2001-2002 season at the hands of Jose Ramon Martinez Quijano, its founder, the only women's soccer team in Cantabria and the pioneer of football mixed in 1995 at national level in currently held in collaboration with Racing Santander and plays in the Superliga, the top flight, which debuted in the 2010-11 season after winning promotion to the phase of Extremadura and Oiartzun. The 2010-11 season manages to remain in Super League, also qualifying for the Copa de la Reina, where it falls in knockout final against Barcelona (4-1 in Barcelona and 0-3 in Puente San Miguel).
Controversially, the team fell under the EMD Reocín, acting under fililidad agreement which existed between the two entities, being at present the debate in a trial in Majadahonda (Madrid) for having allowed such absorption without existing contract through assignment.
The section plays its home games at the Municipal Bridge Cadelo Pepin San Miguel with Racing Santander uniform.
Reocín Seasons of Racing: 1
2001-02: First National (9 º, Group II)
2002-03: First National (5 º, Group II)
2003-04: First National (10 º, Group II)
2004-05: First National (4 °, Group II)
2005-06: First National (3 º, Group II)
2006-07: First National (1 º, Group II)
2007-08: First National (2 º, Group II)
2008-09: First National (2 º, Group II)
2009-10: First National (1 º, Group II)
2010-11: Fantasy (6 th, Group A - Phase I, 3, Group B - Second Phase)
2011-12: Fantasy

</doc>
<doc id="19971968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971968" title="Class 18">
Class 18

The DRG Class 18 were German steam locomotives operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn between the wars. These express tender locomotives had been taken over from the state railways and had a 4-6-2 (Pacific) wheel arrangement.
see also: DR 18 201

</doc>
<doc id="19971978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971978" title="Cervecería Potosina">
Cervecería Potosina

Cervecería Potosina is one of the few breweries in Bolivia. It is situated in the claimed highest city in the world, Potosí. The brewery only produces two beers: the low alcohol roasted malt based "Maltina" and the pilsener beer "Potosína Pilsener".

</doc>
<doc id="19971991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971991" title="Livonia (gastropod)">
Livonia (gastropod)

Livonia is a genus of medium-sized Indo-Pacific predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
The genus belongs to its own clade Livoniini, which is usually placed in the subfamily Cymbiinae (but sometimes in the Fulgorariinae instead).
Species.
Species within the genus "Livonia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19971995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971995" title="Erkan Özbey">
Erkan Özbey

Erkan Özbey (born 10 February 1978 in Rize, Turkey) is a Turkish football player. He currently plays defender for Gençlerbirliği in the Turkcell Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19971999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19971999" title="Siegmund von Pranckh">
Siegmund von Pranckh

Siegmund Freiherr von Pranckh (5 December 1821, Altötting, Upper Bavaria – May 8, 1888, Munich) was a Bavarian general and Minister of War. Pranckh joined the army in Munich in 1840 from the cadet corps and in 1849 (having risen to captain) worked on the staff of the Generalquartiermeister. He remained in the War Department until 1863 before entering the 3rd Infantry Regiment as an oberst and then in 1865 entered the Lifeguards Regiment, with which he fought in the Austro-Prussian War, participating in the battle of Kissingen and the storming of Nüdlingen. Shortly afterwards, Pranckh (as war minister) and in 1868 reorganised the Bavarian Army.
Immediately after the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War he rose to Lieutenant General, and prudently and effectively organized the Bavarian army and its munitions after it had suffered considerable losses. He was also significantly involved in the conclusion of the Treaty of Versailles on 23 November 1870. For his achievements he was granted an endowment of 100,000 crowns from the war compensation awards.
In 1872 Pranckh initiated a further army reform. At the start of 1875 he was appointed General der Infanterie and on 4 April 1875 appointed captain-general of the Hartschier guards. As he requested, he was released from leading the war ministry in 1876, and became "Generalkapitän" of the Hartschier guard.
He is buried in the Old Southern Cemetery in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19972018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972018" title="Perfect Symmetry">
Perfect Symmetry

Perfect Symmetry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19972020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972020" title="Connemara RFC">
Connemara RFC

Connemara RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Clifden, Connacht. They play in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League. The club colour is all black, based on the colours of a popular fishing fly called the Connemara black.
The club has played senior rugby for over a decade.
History.
Rugby was first played in the Connemara area around the 1920s, with the men working at the Marconi Station taking on a Clifden team in friendly matches. Back in the 1940s, schools with students from the area included Blackrock, Castleknock and Clongowes. The club came about as a result of the rugby players among them wanting to continue playing in the school holidays. Their first match, against Galway Corinthians on St Stephen's Day in 1946, ended in a 6-6 draw.
Origin of the club name.
The club is named after a type of fishing fly called the Connemara Black.

</doc>
<doc id="19972022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972022" title="Immortal (Bob Catley album)">
Immortal (Bob Catley album)

Immortal is the sixth solo Studio Album by Bob Catley, released by Frontiers Records in 2008.
Track listing.
All songs by Magnus Karlsson 

</doc>
<doc id="19972030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972030" title="Hillis Layne">
Hillis Layne

Ivoria Hillis Layne (February 23, 1918 – January 12, 2010) was an American third baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Washington Senators in parts of three seasons spanning 1941–1945. Listed at 6' 0", 170 lb., he batted left-handed and threw right-handed. 
Born in Whitwell, Tennessee, Layne was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a stint in the army during World War II. Signed by the legendary pitcher Joe Engel to play for the Senators organization, Layne played for the Chattanooga Lookouts before being called up to the big team in September 1941. Overall, he spent 37 years in professional baseball, including 17 in the Minor Leagues, while losing 2¾ years to the Military (1942–1944) . After being discharged from military service, he played in parts of the 1944 and 1945 seasons.
In a three-season career, Layne was a .264 hitter (75-for-284) with one home run and 28 RBI in 107 games, including 37 runs, nine doubles, four triples, three stolen bases, and a .321 on-base percentage.
Following his majors career, Layne led the Pacific Coast League hitters in 1947 with a .367 average. Then, from 1955 through 1958 he served as a player/manager for the Lewiston Broncs of the Northwest League, winning the batting title in 1955 (.391) while ending second in both 1956 (.354) and 1957 (.340). 
In four NWL seasons, he collected a .362 average with a .468 OBP and led the league's third basemen in fielding percentage during three consecutive seasons (1955–1957). 
In 1,796 minor league games, he hit .335 with 83 home runs and 953 RBI. He later scouted for the Texas Rangers. In 1987, he was inducted into the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame.
Layne died January 12, 2010, of a heart attack suffered two days earlier. He is interred at Chattanooga National Cemetery in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="19972051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972051" title="Atiyah's Accidents, Compensation and the Law">
Atiyah's Accidents, Compensation and the Law

"Atiyah's Accidents, Compensation and the Law" (2006) is a legal text, which marked the first of Cambridge University Press's "Law in Context" series. It was originally authored by English legal scholar, Patrick Atiyah in 1970 and has been taken over by Professor Peter Cane since the 4th edition in 1987. The thrust of the book is that the law of tort should be abolished, especially as relates to the law on personal injuries, and should be replaced with a no fault state compensation system. Its arguments are in tune with the establishment in the 1970s of such a system in New Zealand, with the Accident Compensation Commission.
After handing over the book, Atiyah changed his mind, and wrote "The Damages Lottery" (1997) where instead of a state run system, he advocated abolition of tort and that people should buy personal safety insurance. Professor Cane, however has kept "Atiyah's Accidents" in line with the title's original thesis.
Criticism of the fault principle.
One of the book's main point is its stinging criticism of the fault principle. This is the principle that finds the party that is to blame before compensating the victim in personal injury cases. This then implies that if fault cannot be attributed, there can be no attribution of liability, and thus a victim of an accident may not receive compensation. Atiyah proposed six major criticisms of the system, which suggest that liability in personal injury claims should not focus on the relationship between the claimant and defendant, but between the parties and society. His examples were primarily concerned with road traffic accidents

</doc>
<doc id="19972069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972069" title="Ambukhaireni">
Ambukhaireni

Ambukhaireni is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11450 people living in 2234 individual households.
To Promote local culture Ambukhaireni has one FM radio stations Mero Sathi F.M - 107.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19972070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972070" title="Guri i Kuq Lake">
Guri i Kuq Lake

Žuti kamen Lake (; , "Jezero Žuti kamen", literally: "Yellow Stone Lake") is a lake in Kosovo, located on the Žuti kamen mountain, in the Prokletije range. It is one of the largest lakes in the Kosovan part of the range after Đeravica Lake and Liqenat Lake. Unlike Liqenat Lake, the Žuti kamen lake is not surrounded by trees but instead by large meadows. Just north of the lake is the Rugova Canyon.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19972076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972076" title="Royal Bavarian Infantry Lifeguards Regiment">
Royal Bavarian Infantry Lifeguards Regiment

The Royal Bavarian Infantry Lifeguards Regiment ("Königlich Bayerisches Infanterie-Leib-Regiment") was a household-bodyguard regiment of the Bavarian kings from the end of the Napoleonic Wars until the fall of the Wittelsbach monarchy and the subsequent disbanding of the Bavarian army.
Predecessors.
Before the actual Lifeguards Regiment, two infantry regiments in Bavaria held this name:
History.
Creation.
The regiment was created by Royal Decree on 16 July 1814 as the ""Grenadier-Garde-Regiment"" from the grenadier companies of the Bavarian line infantry regiments. The tallest men were transferred to the Grenadier Guards Regiment, the rest to the "Royal Bavarian Infantry Regiment "König" Nr. 1". The regiment consisted of 3 battalions of 6 companies each. The first Colonel-Commandant (after 1872, the term "commander" was used) was Franz Freiherr von Hertling, who was in command until 11 February 1824. On 13 April 1815 the regiment received its colours in Munich.
A field battalion was established from all battalions on 14 April 1815 and deployed for guard duties under the 6th Royal Bavarian Reserve Infantry Brigade in Mannheim and Auxerre. After the armistice, the 2nd and 3rd battalion were transferred to Auxerre. On 22 September 1815 the colours were blessed in the cathedral of Auxerres.
The Regiment's garrison city was generally Munich, at times individual battalions of the Regiment were stationed elsewhere (1st battalion 1851-1853 in Germersheim, 1862 in Landau; 2nd battalion 1853 in Landau, 1859 in Landsberg, 1871 in Augsburg; 3rd battalion 1873 in Fürstenfeldbruck).
Immediately after the death of Maximilian I Joseph, his son and heir Ludwig I decreed the abolition of the expensive Guard regiments. The Regiment from 6 December 1825 held the name "Line Infantry Lifeguard Regiment", consisting of 2 battalions of 6 companies each (20 to 30 soldiers to a company). From 28 October 1835 it was named the "Infantry Lifeguard Regiment", without a Regiment number, it stood at the head of the infantry in the order of precedence. In practice, however, it maintained its "Guard" status. Quickly, ""Leiber"" ("Lifeguards") became a nickname for members of the Regiment.
In 1848 the 3rd battalion was re-established. The Regiment was placed on high alert on 4 April 1848 during the confusion of the Revolution, and took up positions in front of the ruler's residence. On 30 June 1848, the first commoner, Jakob Ermarth, was appointed Colonel-Commandant. The 1st and 2nd battalions were transferred on 5 October 1848 to Sigmaringen in Marsch, to protect Charles, Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen and to depose the provisional government there. After similar deployments under an "observation corps" in the area of Ulm and Günzburg, the battalions returned by 31 December 1849 to Munich. For the Regiment's 50th anniversary on 16 July 1864, its officers and the Colonel-Commandant Karl Graf von Spreti held a banquet in the Hotel Vier Jahreszeiten in Munich, and its non-commissioned officers and enlisted ranks received an allowance of 500 guilders from King Ludwig II, and 100 guilders from Prince Otto.
War against Prussia.
In 1866 in the Austro-Prussian War, with Bavaria fighting on the Austrian side, the Regiment was not deployed as a whole; the I battalion was stationed in the fortress of Mainz, whilst the II and III battalions, under Colonel Siegmund von Pranckh, were assigned to the 1st Royal Bavarian Infantry Brigade. After 4 battles, the Regiment counted 17 dead and 136 wounded, with the Colonel having been replaced, unusually, by the non-aristocratic Adalbert Högenstaller already after the first of these battles (at Nüdlingen).
Franco-Prussian War.
In the Franco-Prussian War the whole Regiment was assigned to the 1st Brigade, and thus to the 1st Division. At Lechfeld, it counted 66 officers and 2879 men ready for action. In the battles of Wörth on 6 August 1870 and Sedan on 1 September the Regiment was at the centre of the fighting and suffered a few casualties. For the actions at Sedan the commander of the III battalion, Major Joseph Graf von Ioner-Tettenweiß, was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Max Joseph. After the battle at Artenay on 10 October 1870 the Regiment occupied Orléans on 11 October, but had to give it up again on 9 November 1870 in the face of far superior French forces, the Armée de la Loire. The cautious but brave actions of Captain Karl Hoffmann, head of the 9th Company of the Regiment, in the Battle of Villepion on 1 December 1870 prevented a breakthrough by superior French units, and held the endangered position until the end of that day. He was also awarded the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Max Joseph. On 2 December 1870 the Regiment proved itself in the bloody Battle of Loigny-Poupry, for which First Lieutenant Hermann Ehrne von Melchthal (8th Company) received a Knight's Cross for bravery in the face of the enemy. The Regiment recaptured Orléans the following day. On 7 December 1870 Second Lieutenant Friedrich Krieger, head of the 11th Company, repelled an attack by superior French forces on an artillery unit at Lemons (near Meung) and engaged in a counter-attack on his own initiative. He pursued and captured numerous French soldiers and an enemy artillery battery; for this he received a Knight's Cross. On the same day Second Lieutenant Alfred Meyer distinguished himself through his brave actions in a battle at Le Bardon (north-west of Meung), resulting in the award of a Knight's Cross on 24 May 1871. In the Battle of Beaugency on 8 December 1870 the Regiment held its positions against the French attacks. The Regiment was kept on alert during the siege of Paris, but did not have to intervene in the fighting.
The Regiment had officially fielded 66 officers and 2879 men at the start of the war; 54 officers and 2193 men were present at the victory parade in Munich on 16 July 1871.
In 8 transports, 34 officers and 2333 men had been sent as reinforcements, so that the Regiment had suffered a total loss in terms of dead, wounded and diseased, of 46 officers and 3019 men, that is, 100 more men than had originally belonged to the Regiment at the start of the war.
Notable members.
Commanding officers.
The commander was always the King himself, but the military and administrative leadership of the regiment lay with the Colonel-Commandants, or after 1872, with the commanders.

</doc>
<doc id="19972082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972082" title="Bob Rosa">
Bob Rosa

Bob Rosa is an American record producer that has worked with artists such as Madonna, Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Espen Lind. One if his first recording projects was working on the track "Planet Rock" by Afrika Bambaataa & the Soulsonic Force in 1982.
Overview.
Rosa's recording career has encompassed every genre of music, mixing pop, rock, dance, R&B and Latin. He has mixed the successful singles "Gonna Make You Sweat" by C&C Music Factory; Whitney Houston's "I'm Every Woman", Mariah Carey's "Emotions", *NSYNC's "God Must Have Spent A Little More Time On You". He also received two Grammy Award nominations for Best Dance Track for remixes of Gloria Estefan's "Heaven's What I Feel" and "Don't Let This Moment End", a Latin Grammy win in 2002 for his work on Alejandra Guzmán's "Soy" album, and a Grammy win for the Best Reggae Album by Toots & The Maytals in 2005 ("True Love").

</doc>
<doc id="19972089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972089" title="A Vicious Cycle">
A Vicious Cycle

A Vicious Cycle is the fourth solo studio album from Philadelphia underground hip hop artist Reef the Lost Cauze released on November 10, 2008, by Well Done Entertainment. The album was re-released on February 10, 2009, with two new remixes of the tracks "Listen to Me" and "Get It? Got It? Good" by J.J. Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19972135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972135" title="Evandro Carlos Escardalete">
Evandro Carlos Escardalete

Evandro Carlos Escardalete (born 12 February 1974 in São Paulo), simply known as Evandro, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as a forward.
Football career.
After playing with modest teams in native country (Esporte Clube Taubaté, Londrina Esporte Clube, Criciúma Esporte Clube, Mirassol Futebol Clube, União Bandeirante FC and ABC Futebol Clube), Evandro moved in 2000–01 to Portugal, joining Rio Ave F.C. in the second division. He became an instant first-choice, going on to amass more than 300 overall appearances for the Vila do Conde outfit.
In 2003–04, as Rio Ave had just been promoted to the top level, Evandro scored 15 goals in 26 games, notably two in a 4–0 home routing of Sporting Clube de Portugal and another in a 1–1 home draw against S.L. Benfica, helping the side overachieve for a seventh place.
From 2008–10, he only appeared in 33 league matches combined – only six in the latter top division season – and did not manage to find the net. After one full decade at the service of the same team, Evandro retired from football at the age of 36.

</doc>
<doc id="19972138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972138" title="Bavarian Army">
Bavarian Army

The Bavarian Army was the army of the Electorate (1682–1806) and then Kingdom (1806–1919) of Bavaria. It existed from 1682 as the standing army of Bavaria until the merger of the military sovereignty ("Wehrhoheit") of Bavaria into that of the German State in 1919. The Bavarian army was never comparable to the armies of the Great Powers of the 19th century, but it did provide the Wittelsbach dynasty with sufficient scope of action, in the context of effective alliance politics, to transform Bavaria from a territorially-disjointed small state to the second-largest state of the German Empire after Prussia.
History.
1682–1790: From the first standing army to the Napoleonic Wars.
The "Reichskriegsverfassung" of 1681 obliged Bavaria to provide troops for the Imperial army. Moreover, the establishment of a standing army was increasingly seen as a sign of nation-statehood and an important tool of absolutist power-politics. At a field camp in Schwabing on 12 October 1682, the newly-recruited troops were officially taken into Bavarian service. Seven regiments of infantry, two regiments of dragoons and two of cuirassiers were set up, along with an artillery corps. The traditional mid-blue colour was already in wide use among the Bavarian infantry and would be used throughout from 1684. The cuirassiers and artillery wore light grey tunics, while the dragoons wore red or blue tunics. The army distinguished itself under Maximilian II during the Great Turkish War, particularly during the Siege of Belgrade.
During the War of the Spanish Succession, Bavaria fought on the side of France. Following defeat at the Battle of Blenheim, the Bavarian army ceased to exist as a coherent fighting force, though small remainders continued to fight until the end of the war. Bavaria was occupied by Austrian forces after the war, which led to a rising of the people, bloodily put down at the so-called "Murderous Christmas of Sendling" ("Sendlinger Mordweihnacht"). By 1701, the composition of the army was the same as that during the Turkish wars, only now with three regiments each of cuirassiers and dragoons.
The attempt by the Crown Prince to gain the Imperial crown during the War of the Austrian Succession was initially successful, but the campaign ended once again with an Austrian occupation of Bavaria.
At the beginning of the Seven Years War, the army consisted of eight infantry, two dragoon and three cuirassier regiments, and a brigade of artillery. In 1757, one of the cuirassier regiments was disbanded and its men distributed among the other regiments, while only one company of dragoons in each regiment was mounted. Infantry regiments consisted of two battalions with four Füsilierkompanien (each of 130 men) and one infantry company (100 men) as well as two 4-Pounder battalion guns. The nominal strength of approximately 1,800 men for each regiment was never reached in the field. While the Lifeguard regiment had three battalions, only two stood in the field. Ten battalions of infantry were made available to the Habsburgs according to Bavaria's Imperial military obligations. They fought unsuccessfully at Schweidnitz, Breslau and Leuthen in 1757, as well as at Troppau, Olmütz and Neiße in 1758.
The unification between the Wittelsbachs and the Palatinate line added eight regiments to the infantry in 1777, and the Palatine troops brought with them a lighter blue tunic colour. The War of the Bavarian Succession is often known as the "Potato War" due to the amount of time and effort the sides expended in securing food supplies and denying them to the enemy, and the war actually passed relatively uneventfully for the Bavarian army.
In 1785, the infantry's uniform changed to white, and the cuirassiers abandoned their traditional armour.
1790–1871: The Napoleonic Wars until the German Empire.
1790 brought a fundamental reform of the Bavarian army. All field troops received identically-cut uniforms, including a leather helmet with a horsehair plume known as the "Rumford Casket" after the then minister for war Count Rumford. However, Maximilian IV found the army in abject condition on his accession to the throne in 1799: hardly any of the units were at full strength, the Rumford uniforms were unpopular and impractical, and the troops were badly-trained. The young Prince-Elector, who had served under the Ancien Régime in France as a colonel in the "Royal Deux-Ponts" regiment, made the reconstruction of the army a priority. The line infantry was reduced to ten regiments, which were made up to their full strength. The two Jäger regiments were divided into four light infantry battalions. The cavalry consisted of three regiments of light cavalry and two each of dragoons and cuirassiers. The infantry returned to their traditional light blue and, in 1801, all branches of service introduced the Raupenhelm, a helmet with a fore-and-aft horsehair plume, which became characteristic of the Bavarian army. Capable generals, such as Deroy, Wrede and Triva, reformed the army along French lines, and it soon became the most modern in Germany, and the first in Germany to abolish flogging. The field army was based largely on compulsory military service. A national guard with three classes was also developed (1st class: Reserve battalions of the Line regiments; 2nd class: Territorial army; 3rd class: Citizen levy).
In 1800, Bavaria reluctantly fought on Austria's side against France, but in 1805 when Austria attacked Bavaria for the third time in 100 years, they found a powerful army. The Bavarians initially retreated, but only in order to link up with Napoleon's advancing army and to prepare the counter-attack, which took place quickly, methodically and thoroughly. 30,000 Bavarian troops took part in the successful Siege of Ulm and the consequent liberation of Bavaria. At the Battle of Austerlitz, the Bavarians secured the flanks and supply lines of Napoleon's army and in 1806-7 they forced several Prussian forts to surrender.
Bavaria was awarded the Austrian province of Tyrol as a reward, but unrest erupted into a full-blown rebellion under Andreas Hofer in 1809, which could only be put down with French assistance. When Austria attacked Bavaria once more in 1809, Napoleon's army was concentrated in Spain, and it was troops of the Confederation of the Rhine, predominantly Bavarian, which led the early campaigning against Austria. At the Battle of Wagram, the contribution of Bavarian forces was decisive to the outcome.
In the Russian Campaign, the Bavarian army suffered terrible losses - of about 33,000 men (including following reinforcements) who marched in 1812, only 4,000 returned. Pressed by the Crown Prince and General Wrede, King Maximilan I Josef turned with a heavy heart away from the French and changed to the Allied camp shortly before the Battle of Leipzig. The attempt by Wrede to stop the victory of the Grande Armée in 1813 at the Battle of Hanau ended in a narrow defeat for his Austro-Bavarian corps. The campaign of 1814 began badly for the Allies, but Wrede made up for his earlier defeat with valuable victories over his former allies at the battles of Arcis-sur-Aube and Bar-sur-Aube.
In 1814, the Bavarian army consisted of a Grenadier Guard regiment, 16 regiments of Line Infantry, two battalions of Jäger, seven regiments of light cavalry (of which one was territorial), one regiment of Uhlans, two Hussar regiments, one regiment of Garde du Corps (mounted royal bodyguard), two regiments of foot artillery and one of horse-artillery.
In 1815, the 7th (National) Light Cavalry regiment was formed into two Cuirassier regiments. The Hussars and Uhlans were disbanded in 1822. Following the recommendations of the Military Savings Commission in 1826, one infantry regiment was converted into two Jäger battalions, and the Grenadier Guard regiment into an Infantry lifeguard regiment. The Garde du Corps became the 1st Cuirassier Regiment, and the former 1st Cuirassier Regiment was merged into the 2nd Regiment.
The mobilisation of the army for the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 was only concluded on 22 June, by which time the Prussian army was almost in Bohemia. The war went very badly for the Bavarians. The Bavarian Commander-in-Chief Prince Karl, who also commanded the southern forces of the German Confederation, was hurrying to the aid of the Kingdom of Hanover when he heard of the Hanoverians' defeat at the Battle of Langensalza. The rapid Prussian advance meant that Karl was unable to link up with the western forces of the Confederation under Prince Alexander of Hesse, so the Bavarian troops withdrew to Bad Kissingen. After fierce fighting, the Bavarians withdrew to Schweinfurt and Würzburg (of which only the fortress and part of the city could be held). On 1 August, a Prussian reserve corps occupied Nuremberg.
The difficulties of the Bavarian army were attributed mainly to the Bavarian "Landtag" (parliament), and to the military leadership. Thanks to constant cuts in the military budget, the Bavarian war ministry did not see itself in a position to accomplish manoeuvres above the brigade level. Apart from Prince Karl, and General von Thurn und Taxis, no Bavarian General had ever commanded a division before. The newspapers also criticised the role of von der Tann.
Due to this criticism, King Ludwig II appointed the battle-hardened veteran General Siegmund von Pranckh as the new War Minister on 1 August. Von Prankh already had political experience as adjutant to War Minister von Lüder, and contributed crucially to the modernisation of the Bavarian army with his reforms.
When the candidacy to the Spanish throne of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern led to a worsening in relations between Prussia and France in 1870, von Prankh mobilised the two Bavarian army corps on 14 July. The Bavarian Army Corps fought in the Franco-Prussian War as part of the III Army under Crown Price Friedrich Wilhelm (the I Army Corps under von der Tann, and the II Army Corps under Jakob Freiherr von Hartmann).
The Bavarians under Jakob von Hartmann stormed Wissembourg and took part in the Battles of Wörth, Beaumont, Sedan and the Siege of Paris. Over 5,000 Bavarian soldiers died during the Franco-Prussian War.
1871–1918: The German Empire.
In the Imperial Constitution, Bavaria was able to secure for itself extensive rights, in particular regarding military sovereignty. Not only did the army retain, like the kingdoms of Saxony and Württemberg, its own troops, War Ministry and military justice system, but it was also excluded from the Empire-wide regimental re-numbering of the army regiments and would only come under Imperial control in times of war. Bavaria also kept its light-blue infantry uniforms, the "Raupenhelm" (until 1886), the Light Cavalry and some other peculiarities. The officers and men of the Bavarian Army continued to swear their oaths to the King of Bavaria and not the German Emperor. Nevertheless, the uniform cut, equipment and training was standardised to the Prussian model. When field-grey uniforms were introduced, only the cockade and a blue-and-white lozenge edging to the collar distinguished Bavarian units.
At the beginning of World War I, the Bavarian Army had an effective strength of 4,089 officers, physicians, veterinarians and officials; 83,125 NCOs and other ranks, as well as 16,918 horses. With the beginning of mobilisation on 1 August 1914, the supreme command of the Bavarian field army passed from the 4th Army Inspectorate to the German Emperor. Units in Bavaria remained under the command of the Bavarian War Ministry. The Bavarian Army — consisting of the three Bavarian Army Corps, the Bavarian Cavalry Division — was joined by some additional Prussian units and transported to the Western Front as the German 6th Army under the command of Crown Prince Rupprecht.
The Bavarian army fought at the Battle of the Frontiers, the last time that it fought together as a single unit: the exclusive Bavarian command of Bavarian forces began to be diluted from the German Army reorganisations in Autumn 1914 onwards. Rupprecht held command for the duration of the war and was promoted to Field Marshal in 1916 largely on account of his outstanding ability; however, after Frontiers, the units under his command came largely from outside Bavaria.
Although the German Empire fell in the German Revolution of 1918–1919, and King Ludwig III was forced to abdicate, Bavaria retained its military sovereignty. However, the rise of the Bavarian Soviet Republic and the confusion surrounding its overthrow and the defeat of its "Red Army" persuaded the drafters of the Bamberg Constitution of 1919 to relinquish military sovereignty to the Weimar Republic. At any rate, the regular Bavarian troops had been demobilised after the war to the extent that most of the fighting against the Red Army was done by Freikorps units and other German troops from outside Bavaria.
During World War I, around 200,000 members of the Royal Bavarian Army were killed.
Structure.
Pre and early war.
Bavaria placed at first two and later three army corps in the army of the German Empire:
Raised during World War I.
Corps
Divisions
Bavarian cavalry:
Bavarian infantry:
Bavarian reserve:
Bavarian Landwehr:
Bavarian Ersatz:
Mountain Troops:
Officer corps.
The Bavarian Army had a smaller proportion of aristocratic officers than the Prussian Army: in 1832 there were 1.86 common officers for every one noble; by 1862 it was 2.34 commoners for every noble and by the outbreak of the First World War 5.66. Since the dissolution in 1826 of the Lifeguard unit, there was no specific Guard regiment. Only in the following units was the proportion of aristocratic officers considerably higher than average:
NCO corps.
The Bavarian NCO Corps consisted of long-serving and career soldiers, usually recruited from those completing military service. There was a strict career separation between cfficers and NCOs. Thish led to substantial social problems during World War I, because qualified NCOs were blocked from promotion to officer ranks.
Recruitment.
According to the constitution of 1808, until 1868, recruitment was according to a system of conscription, which offered the possibility for men to buy exemption by means of paying another to serve in your place (which had to be for a longer time). During the army reform of 1868, compulsory conscription was introduced with the special form of "One Year Voluntary Service". 
Landwehr.
In 1809, after the French model, the territorial forces were converted into a National Guard, which from 1814 to 1868 was known as the "Landwehr" of the Kingdom of Bavaria. During the 1868 reforms, the older classes of reserves became known as the "Landsturm". The "Landwehr" also took responsibility for supervising the veterans' associations.
Garrisons.
The bulk of the Bavarian army was housed in fortresses, secularised monasteries and former castles. The first co-ordinated programme of barracks-building took place in 1806 (such as the New Isar Barracks), and after a typhoid outbreak in 1881, modern buildings with married quarters were built (such as the Prince Leopold Barracks). In 1838, Bavaria maintained seven fortresses, with another under construction:
Bavaria also maintained troops in the German Confederation fortresses of Landau and Ulm. The fortresses of Germersheim, Ingolstadt and Ulm were de-fortified according to the Treaty of Versailles.
Museum.
The museum for the Bavarian Army was moved from the Hofgarten in Munich into the New Castle in Ingolstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="19972151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972151" title="Greatest Hits Live (War album)">
Greatest Hits Live (War album)

Greatest Hits Live is a live album by War. It was recorded in 2008 and finally their first release in 14 years. Lonnie Jordan was the only original member of the band playing on this album. On the same day it was released as a Blu-ray Disc.

</doc>
<doc id="19972169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972169" title="Restorffs Bryggjarí">
Restorffs Bryggjarí

Restorffs Bryggjarí was a Faroese brewing company established by the Danish-German immigrant Martin Christian Restorff in 1849. 
Restorffs Bryggjarí was situated in the capítal Tórshavn, where the majority of its beer production was sold. The brewery was family owned until 2002, when it was sold on to a local businessmen. In 2005 the production of soft drinks (soda drinks) was discontinued letting the other Faroese competitor, Föroya Bjór, take over a few of the brands. In January 2007 the Restorffs Bryggjarí was announced for sale and in August that same year the brewery went out of business. The Föroya Bjór brewery since took over some of the Restorffs beer brands. The brewery only sold its beers in the Faroe Islands though some small quantities were exported to Denmark in the latter years of its existence. 
Restorffs was one of the oldest brewing companies in the Danish Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19972241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972241" title="New Orleans–Metairie–Hammond combined statistical area">
New Orleans–Metairie–Hammond combined statistical area

The New Orleans–Metairie–Hammond combined statistical area is made up of ten parishes in southeastern Louisiana and one county in Mississippi. The statistical area consists of the New Orleans Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), Hammond, LA Micropolitan Statisical Area, Picayune, MS Micropolitan Statistical Area, and the Bogalusa Micropolitan Statistical Area (μSA). As of the 2012 census estimates, the CSA had a population of 1,452,502.
The area was severely affected by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,360,436 people, 515,054 households, and 347,173 families residing within the CSA. The racial makeup of the CSA was 57.7% White, 37.2% African American, 0.4% Native American, 2.1% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.2% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.3% of the population.
The median income for a household in the CSA was $37,053, and the median income for a family was $42,860. Males had a median income of $35,659 versus $23,150 for females. The per capita income for the CSA was $17,474.

</doc>
<doc id="19972267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972267" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2

These are the results of the men's C-2 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The C-2 (canoe single) event is raced by two-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 2000 Olympic competition was at Penrith Whitewater Stadium.
Results.
Qualifying.
The 12 teams each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 19 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event with the top eight advancing to the final the following day.
Final.
The eight teams each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 20 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19972269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972269" title="Siege of Toul">
Siege of Toul

The Siege of Toul was the siege of the French town of Toul from 16 August to 23 September 1870 by Prussian, Bavarian and Württemberg forces during the Franco-Prussian War. 64 guns opened fire at 6am on September 23, and the fortress surrendered at 3pm after 2,433 shells had been fired.

</doc>
<doc id="19972294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972294" title="Vibhuti Narain Rai">
Vibhuti Narain Rai

Vibhuti Narain Rai (born 28 November 1951) is a police officer and author from India. He obtained an M.A. in English Literature from Allahabad University in 1971 and joined the Indian Police Service in 1975 as a part of the Uttar Pradesh cadre. He served many sensitive districts as a Superintendent of Police.
Between 1992-2001, Rai was seconded to the Government of India, during which time his postings included anti-insurgency operations in the Kashmir Valley (1993-94). Subsequently, Rai has been posted as Additional Director General of Police in Uttar Pradesh. He has been awarded President’s Police Medal for Distinguished Services and Police Medal for Meritorious Services.
Rai has also written five works of Hindi literature, being the novels "Ghar", "Shahar Mein Curfew", "Kissa Loktantra", "Tabadla" and "Prem Ki Bhoot Katha". Some of these have been translated into other languages. He has also written satires, including the collection titled "Ek Chhatra Neta Ka Rojnamcha".
"Shahar Mein" curfew.
In 1988, Rai published a Hindi novel entitled "Shahar Mein Curfew" (Curfew in the City). Its theme was a 1980 Hindu-Muslim riot in the city of Allahabad, and Rai wrote freely about how religious prejudice in the Hindu dominated police force and provincial administration led to Muslim citizens' being viewed as enemies and thus becoming easy targets of brutality and murder. The Vishwa Hindu Parishad readily took offense and denounced the novel for being "anti-Hindu". It now wants a ban imposed on the novel, and when Ashok Singhal, secretary general of the V.H.P., was told of a producer wanting to turn the story into a film, he threatened to burn down theatres that dared to screen the planned film. All this ire surrounds a project that has still not begun and a work of fiction that at no point directly criticizes any Hindu organization. It is worthwhile to quote here from a recent interview given by the author: ""The intolerance of dissent is increasing in our society and the Ayodhya mobilization has largely contributed to this disturbing trend. The attacks on inconvenient writers and dissenting journalists are in fact motivated by a desire to silence all criticism and all reason, thereby making the very existence of rationally-thinking people redundant to the social and political process. This is extremely distressing.""
Rai is the founder-editor of "Vartman Sahitya", a Hindi literary magazine that has been published for over twenty years. He has written regular columns in various Hindi magazines and has campaigned against alleged fundamentalist and obscurantist forces in his country.
The National Police Academy, Hyderabad awarded him a fellowship to study police neutrality during communal strife. This resulted in "Combating Communal Conflict, a book that was published in Hindi and Urdu.
As an activist he has established a library in his native village in a backward area of Eastern Uttar Pradesh. This library "Sri Ramanand Saraswati Pustakalaya", Azamgarh was established to encourage reading and has developed relationships with institutions such as Sahitya Akademi, the National Book Trust and the National School of Drama.
He is the President of NGO "Saajhi Duniya" which is involved in various activities including research work to create a better world.
Rai was appointed Vice Chancellor of the Wardha-based Mahatma Gandhi Antarrashtriya Hindi Vishwavidyalaya in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19972307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972307" title="The Sovereign's Servant">
The Sovereign's Servant

"The Sovereign's Servant" (, Sluga Gosudarev) is a 2007 Russian war film written and directed by Oleg Ryaskov. It depicts the events of the Great Northern War, with a particular focus on the Battle of Poltava.
Plot.
The action takes place at the time of the Swedish-Russian war of 1709. The King of France, Louis XIV, sends two duelists into exile. One of them is ordered to go to the camp of the King, Karl XII, of the Swedes and the other is sent to the camp of the Russian Tsar, Peter the First. Both Frenchmen face various dangers along their way. They witness the grand battle of Poltava from opposite sides. Court plots and romantic adventures stay in the past as both our milksops are plunged head first in the boiling pot of war and the horrors it brings into their lives.
Release.
"The Sovereign's Servant" was released in more than 20 countries, including:
References.
Battle of Poltava Poster

</doc>
<doc id="19972349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972349" title="Mats Aronsson">
Mats Aronsson

Mats Aronsson (born 1951) is a former Swedish football player. He played for the Swedish clubs Landskrona BoIS and Djurgårdens IF. He became the top scorer in Allsvenskan 1977 together with Reine Almqvist. Nowadays, he works as the Director of Sports in the Swedish football club Landskrona BoIS.

</doc>
<doc id="19972353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972353" title="Naas RFC">
Naas RFC

Naas RFC is an Irish rugby club based in Naas, Leinster. They play in division 2A of the All-Ireland League. The club colours are green and white hoops with black shorts and green socks. The Club is the biggest rugby club in Kildare with one of the biggest underage structures in Leinster. The club grounds is located at Forenaughts, 2 km outside the town.
History.
The club was founded in 1881 and reformed in 1922 and was one of the leading Junior Clubs in Irish rugby before attaining All Ireland League Status in the 1999/2000 season. Back then the Club was located in the town where Ashgrove Estate and the Tennis Club is now. Subsequent travels took the Club to Doyle's Field at Tipper East (where The Paddocks estate is now) with the changing rooms being the jockeys room in Naas Racecourse! The Club then moved to its current location in Fournaughts, 2 km to the East of Naas town.
In the 2011/12 season, Naas RFC celebrated its 90th continuous season of playing rugby in Naas.
International players associated with the Club.
Mark Deering, Seamus Byrne, Frank Byrne, Philip Lawlor, Geordan Murphy, Jamie Heaslip
Youth Internationals.
Joseph Moran, Eoghan Conran, Kaylin Domican, David Lynch (captain), Michael Moran, Enda Daly, Colin McEntee, Micheal Skeleton (Captain), Adam Byrne
Leinster Youths Representatives.
Dave Conneran, Enda Daly, Michael Moran, Eoghan Conran, Gavin Dooley, Adam Denvir, Kaylin Domican, Rob Campbell, Daniel O'Byrne, Jared Owens, Adam Byrne, Richard Cronin, Mark Rushe, Joseph Moran, Niall Gorry, Karl Denver, James Morrin, Eoghan Griffin, Colin McEntee, Micheal Skeleton, & Michael Russell. Naas RFC member Patrick Keena is the Manager (2012-> ) of the Leinster U18 club side.
Emily Mckeown, Niamh Hederman, Romy Morin, Chantelle Vitoria, Aoife Hederman, Bev Mahon and Aisling Breslin have all represented Leinster Girls.
Success at Naas RFC.
Won the Provincial Towns Cup on 3 occasions – 2005, 1998, 1995 and appeared in the final on 10 occasions (Lost 1926, 1935, 1949, 1952, 1954, 1958, 1982). 
Won the Cup & Leinster League double in 2005, 1998.
Won 2 Provincial Towns Plates – 1969 and 1981.
Provincial 2nd XV Cup – 2 wins, 1996, 1999.
Anderson Cup - Junior 3rds – 4 wins, 1996, 2002, 2003, 2006 – joint top winners.
Dunne Cup - Junior 4ths – 6 wins (record number), 1980, 1993, 1994, 1999, 2004, 2005. 
Leinster League Division 1 Champions – 4 wins, 1997/1998, 1999/2000, 2004/2005, 2006/2007.
ALL IRELAND PROVINCIAL LEAGUE CHAMPIONS – 2000, 2007.
Hosie Cup (North Midlands J1) – 10 wins, 1981, 1982, 1988, 1992, 1993, 1995, 1998, 1999, 2005, 2007.
Lalor Cup (North Midladns J2) – 4 wins, 1978, 1995, 1999, 2000.
Speirs Cup (North Midlands J3) – 4 wins, 1984, 1992, 1993, 1995.
Scully Cup (North Midlands J4) – 8 wins, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1997, 1998, 2006, 2008, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19972363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972363" title="Louis-Gaston de Sonis">
Louis-Gaston de Sonis

Louis-Gaston de Sonis (1825-1887) was a French Army officer who particularly distinguished himself in the battle of Loigny during the Franco-Prussian War, where he lost a leg.
Life.
Louis Gaston was born August 25, 1825 in Guadeloupe, and came to France in 1832, where he studied for the military, following in his father's footsteps. At age 10, he lost his mother, and at age 19, his father. This double wound marked the beginning of his conversion. In 1848, as a young officer—the only practicing Catholic in his class—he discerned a call to become a monk of Solemes, but realized that it was in the world that he was called to serve God. At age 23, he married Anaïs, a girl of 17 years, with whom he began a family that would grow to include 12 children. He was a loving husband and father, showed great love for the Eucharist, and shone especially in the virtue of obedience. To grow closer to God, he joined the Third (Secular) Order of Discalced Carmelites.
Appointed general of the army corps at the age of 45, he led the heroic charge of Loigny under the protection of the banner of the Sacred Heart, embroidered by Visitation nuns of Paray le Monial. Seriously injured in this battle, the Blessed Virgin Mary appeared to the General, assuring him that all was not lost; France would survive. However, the General's left leg had to be amputated. He died August 15, 1887 in Paris, after 17 years of suffering.
Some of his thoughts:
"When one begins to love God, one cannot love enough."
"Mary is placed on the threshold of eternity to inspire confidence in those who must bear the cross."
"Fight bravely against the demon of sadness. Oppose it by a fresh submission to the will of God, and serve God in joy, with great simplicity of heart."
He showed that the martial spirits that are so often admired in soldiers of the warrior class do not mutually exclude a strong faith life. Indeed, General de Sonis showed that in all actuality, a proper understanding of manly courage and virility can only be properly understood when grounded in a proper understanding of God, and of one's subordination and responsibility to the Divine Creator. De Sonis shared many similar attributes with a current day exemplar of another great Catholic warrior—Colonel John Ripley.
His cause for canonization in the Roman Catholic Church has been proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="19972376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972376" title="The Rise and Fall of Freedom of Contract">
The Rise and Fall of Freedom of Contract

The Rise and Fall of Freedom of Contract (1979) is a legal-historical text on the changes in the concept of freedom of contract by English Professor Patrick Atiyah. It was published by the Oxford University Press, and a paperback edition was released in 1985.
Summary.
The central theme is that the notion of a contract based on consent (or a "meeting of minds") was almost entirely absent before 1800 in the law. Instead it was based on reliance or the receipt of a benefit. You could revoke a promise, and the concept of an executory contract was unknown. Moreover, courts were more concerned with the fairness of an exchange, and not concerned merely to uphold promises or the parties' will. Damages reflected that, only being for the value of exchange, not the loss of a bargain.
Then, after 1800, the concept of contractual freedom "rose". Promises and the "intentions" of parties "became the paradigm of contract theory." Atiyah argues that it began with the notion of freedom of property, summed up in the phrase of Sir Edward Coke in "Semayne's case" that every man's home is his castle. Following that was the transition from a property to a contract based society.
After 1900, however, freedom of contract had had its heyday. Atiyah illustrates how the growth of consumer protection, rent and employment legislation has moved contract back into smaller confines, based on general notions of fairness.

</doc>
<doc id="19972392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972392" title="The Book About My Idle Plot on a Vague Anxiety">
The Book About My Idle Plot on a Vague Anxiety

The Book About My Idle Plot on a Vague Anxiety is the debut album by Japanese math rock band toe, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19972398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972398" title="Heinrich Heimann">
Heinrich Heimann

Heinrich Heimann (17 September 1915 — 20 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
He was the commander of Sturmgeschütz (assault gun, usually abbreviated StuG), Abteilung of the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" when he was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 23 February 1944.
In August 1944 he was killed in action at the end of Normandy campaign in the Falaise Pocket. 

</doc>
<doc id="19972401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972401" title="Yigal Yasinov">
Yigal Yasinov

Yigal Yasinov (, born 27 April 1966) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui, HaOlim the National Union and Yisrael Beiteinu between 2003 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in Kharkiv in the Soviet Union (today in Ukraine), Yasinov immigrated to Israel in 1993.
For the 2003 elections he was placed 15th on the party's list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats. During his first term, he was a member of the Science and Technology Committee, the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the Public Petitions Committee, the Committee for Immigration, Absorption and Diaspora Affairs, and the Labour, Welfare and Health Committee.
On 1 February 2006 he left Shinui to form the HaOlim faction, which then merged into the Yisrael Beiteinu faction of the National Union. Towards the end of the Knesset term, Yisrael Beiteinu broke away from the National Union. He was placed 14th on the party's list for the 2006 elections, and lost his seat when they won 11 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19972411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972411" title="Brian Kavanagh (Gaelic footballer)">
Brian Kavanagh (Gaelic footballer)

Brian Kavanagh is a Gaelic football player for his native Longford and at club level for Kilmacud Crokes of Dublin. From Ardagh in Longford, he transferred to Kilmacud in 2008. He won the Dublin Senior Football Championship with Kilmacud in October 2008 at Parnell Park. Kavanagh scored two points in the final against St Oliver Plunketts Eoghan Ruadh. He scored a total of 0-16 (6f) in the 2008 Dublin Championship. Kavanagh went on to win the All-Ireland senior club football championship with Kilmacud. Kavanagh was named as the 2010 Evening Herald/Dublin Bus Dubs stars footballer of the year 
He was part of the Longford team that won the 2003 A & B All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championships. In 2006 he was part of the Longford team that made it to the Leinster Under 21 final but lost out to Laois on the day. In 2011 he helped Longford to win Div 4 of the National Football League. He won a Div 3 National League title in 2012 healping his side to a 2 point win over Wexford in the final.
He won 1 Railway Cup medals with Leinster in 2005.
Personal life.
Brian is a primary school teacher in St.Olaf's national school in Balally, and is a dab hand at the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="19972413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972413" title="Giampaolo Faelli">
Giampaolo Faelli

Giampaolo Faelli (Parma, 8 April 1972) is an Italian Thai boxer. With more than 165 matches all over the world in 19 years of competition, he is one of the most expert and well-known Italian athletes. 
Giampaolo won two World Professional Championships (WMTA in 1999) and (WFC in 2008) and the European Professional Championship (EMTA in 2000). In 1995 he won the Bronze Medal in the Bangkok World Championship and in 1994 he won the European Championship (IAMTF). He also gained several Italian titles, among which were three titles for WAKO Pro. 
During his long career, Faelli's fighting weight varied between 63 and 72 kg (139 and 159 lb), covering all the weight categories from lightweights to middleweights. His elegant and crystal clear technique is his most distinctive feature in the ring. Faelli is a master in clinching, kicking and defensive counterattacks. The focus of his style is using strategy rather than brute force. His technical background found its roots in the Tae Kwon Do, his first discipline, where he got a black belt. He later dedicated himself to the practice of Kickboxing and Muay Thai. Faelli is a pure striker that challenged in several disciplines, especially during his youth: Tae Kwon Do, Kickboxing, Savate, and above all Thai Box. It was in the practice of Muay Thai that Giampaolo dedicated his greatest efforts, reaching high levels of achievement. His opponents included Parinya (no. 4 Lumpinee St.), Willa (no. 6 Rajamedern St.), Fabio Corelli, Giovanni Perlungher, Joan Vidot, Red Valli, Sidi Kone, Dino Orso, Giampaolo Isabella, Mohamed Mojahid, Marco Santi, Franco Lazzaro and Fabio Campo. 
Giampaolo has also been a Thai box trainer for several years. Among his most talented trainees are two Italian professional champions, Simone Desirelli, who beat Stefano Stradella, and Marco Chiesa, a young super-heavyweight talent with an impressive KO record.
References.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="19972419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972419" title="Bilal Çubukçu">
Bilal Çubukçu

Bilal Çubukçu (born 16 May 1987 in Berlin, Germany) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Berliner AK 07.

</doc>
<doc id="19972423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972423" title="Alfred Gingold">
Alfred Gingold

Alfred Gingold is an American freelance writer and is the author of several humorous books.
Life.
Alfred Gingold was born and raised in New York City. He attended Cornell University where he studied English and theater and was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. After working in several fields such as acting, directing, and teaching; Gingold became a full-time freelance writer. As a freelance writer Gingold worked for numerous publications including "Esquire" magazine, The New York Times, and Harper's Bazaar. Gingold also authored an online column entitled "Don't Ask" through the Prodigy Internet Service. Gingold also covered the 2002 Westminster Dog Show for "Slate" magazine.
Gingold is probably best known for his humorous works including "Fire in the John", a parody of the modern men's movement. His other notable works include "Items From Our Catalog", "The House Trap", and "Dog World and the Humans Who Live There".
Gingold married Helen Logan with which he co-authored a number of books including "The Cool Parents' Guide to All of New York: Excursions and Activities in and around Our City Your Children Will Love and You Won't Think Are Too Bad Either" and "Brooklyn's Best: Sightseeing, Shopping, Eating, and Happy Wandering in the Borough of Kings".

</doc>
<doc id="19972435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972435" title="Rob Reekers">
Rob Reekers

Robert "Rob" Reekers (born 7 May 1966) is a retired Dutch footballer who played in the Netherlands for FC Twente and in Germany for ASC Schöppingen, VfL Bochum and FC Gütersloh. He earned four caps for the Dutch national side between 1988 and 1989. After retiring as a player in 2000, Reekers has managed Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, FC Gütersloh and SuS Stadtlohn. 
Reekers worked by the end of June 2009 to June 2012 as Assistant coach of Jos Luhukay at FC Augsburg. For the 2012/13 season, he moved with him to Hertha BSC.
Reekers is one of only six Dutch football players to be selected for the Dutch national team while never having played in the Dutch Eredivisie. The others capped players are Tim Krul, Jordi Cruyff, Jerrel Hasselbaink, Willi Lippens and Wim Hofkens.

</doc>
<doc id="19972440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972440" title="AutoKratz">
AutoKratz

autoKratz are a London based electronic duo composed of David Cox and Russell Crank. They have released on both French electronic label Kitsuné Music and their own imprint Bad Life.
After having released a string of well received singles plus remixes for the likes of La Roux, Alex Gopher, Fischerspooner and Underworld, in 2008 they released their debut mini album, "Down & Out In Paris & London". It received critical acclaim across a wide variety of publications including the NME. Their latest single "Stay The Same", reached number 1 in DJ magazine Hype Chart. 
In July 2008 it was reported in the Daily Star newspaper and NME.COM that they had become involved in an altercation with Sex Pistol John Lydon when both were playing at the Live At Loch Lomond event. Lydon is alleged to have demanded autoKratz get out of the car they were in as he preferred it to the one he was given.
Their first full length Album "Animal" was released in June 2009 which also received favourable reviews from various publications including IDJ which gave it 10/10, Mixmag (Album of the month), Artrocker Clash Magazine and the Financial times...
Techno legends Underworld asked them to support them over two nights at Brixton Academy in November 2008. Since then AutoKratz have supported The Prodigy in Tokyo and completed their first Australian tour as part of the Parklife festival alongside La Roux, Busy P, A-Trak, Tiga and Crystal Castles.
In October 2009 they embark upon a 6 week headline tour around Europe in support of their album. 
In the inaugural triple j vs Parklife indoor soccer match on September 29, 2009, Russell Crank (who was playing as goalie for Parklife at the time) caused the loss of his team by letting the ball roll slowly in to the net during extra time. The final score was triple j - 4, Parklife 3. Players of the Parklife team included Lady Sovereign, Tiga, Busy P, AutoKratz and Art vs. Science. Players on the triple j team included Scott Dooley, Jude Bolton, Dave Williams, Danielle Brogan and triple j listeners.
Throughout 2010 they continued to tour across the world, with highlights including Wireless Festival in London and Melt Festival in Germany.
autoKratz second album 'Self Help for Beginners' was released on 20 June 2011. It received a range of great reviews including 4/5 in Q Magazine, who said of the album "Superclub dancefloors are safe in London Duo's hands...dealing in peak time pop nuggets welded to Terminator style-backbones". The first single taken from the album was 'Opposite of Love' which premiered on BBC Radio 1 with Jaymo & Andy George. The album saw the band collaborate with some of their heroes including New Order bassist Peter Hook, Primal Scream guitarist Andrew Innes and Primal Scream & Kasabian producer Jagz Kooner.
Peter Hook featured on the second single to come off the album "Becoming the Wraith", and he joined the band on stage to perform the track at Summer Sonic festival in Tokyo. Of the collaboration Hooky said “I was delighted to be asked by autoKratz and knowing their music I understand why. The song was great before I even touched it. I just put the icing on the cake so it was a real pleasure.” 
In late 2011, the autoKratz track Stay The Same featured in the motion picture '50/50' with Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
With the growing success of their label Bad Life, the latter part of 2011 saw autoKratz return to releasing more club-centric tracks and adopting a sound which combined elements of electro and techno. The 'autoKratz present Bad Life #1' EP featured tracks Heart Attack Man and Sucker Sirens, and became Mixmag's Electro Tune of the Month for January 2012. This was followed by 'Faith', a collaboration with Lee Mortimer, which also received the Mixmag accolade for February 2012, as well as becoming DJ Magazine's Tune of the Month. Both releases received extremely favourable DJ support worldwide finding their way into the playlists of Style of Eye, Mumbai Science and Benny Benassi.
They became part of a burgeoning new scene know as Future Techno and early 2012 also saw the release of 'autoKratz present Bad Life #2' which cemented the bands intention to continue making progressive electronic music. They also developed a more techno inspired live show for their first Bad Life label tour in Spring 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19972470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972470" title="Valentin Ioviță">
Valentin Ioviță

Valentin Ioviță (born 23 January 1984 in Galaţi, Romania) is a Romanian football player currently under contract with Liga II side CF Brăila.

</doc>
<doc id="19972477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972477" title="Songs, Ideas We Forgot">
Songs, Ideas We Forgot

Songs, Ideas We Forgot is the debut EP by toe, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19972482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972482" title="Eric Devenport">
Eric Devenport

Eric Nash Devenport (3 May 1926–10 November 2012) was Bishop of Dunwich from 1980 to 1992. 
He was educated at the Open University and Kelham Theological College. After ordination he held curacies at St Mark, Leicester and St Matthew, Barrow-in-Furness. Following this he was Succentor at Leicester Cathedral, then Vicar of Shepshed and finally (before his ordination to the episcopate) Leader of Mission for the Diocese of Leicester. He resigned in 1992 and became Archdeacon of Italy and Malta, a post he held for five years. In retirement he was an assistant bishop in the Norwich Diocese until his death in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19972485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972485" title="Liam Óg Ó hÉineacháin">
Liam Óg Ó hÉineacháin

Liam Óg Ó hÉineacháin is a Gaelic footballer for Kilmacud Crokes of Dublin. He previously played inter-county football with Dublin. He won the Dublin Senior Football Championship with Kilmacud in October 2008 at Parnell Park. Liam Óg was a panelist against St Oliver Plunketts Eoghan Ruadh but was being rested for the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19972493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972493" title="Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg">
Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg

The men's featherweight event was part of the weightlifting programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the lightest contested, and allowed weightlifters of up to 60 kilograms (132 pounds). The competition was held on Sunday, July 31, 1932.
Six weightlifters from four nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in kilograms) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
No world or Olympic record was bettered at this Games. Raymond Suvigny equalized the standing world record in total with 287.5 kilograms.
Results.
All figures in kilograms.

</doc>
<doc id="19972507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972507" title="Blažej Baláž">
Blažej Baláž

Blažej Baláž (born October 29, 1958, in Nevoľné, Slovakia, former Czechoslovakia) is a contemporary Slovak artist. His practise as an artist is usually associated with Neo-conceptualism, Postminimalism, Post-Geo and Post Radical Painting. After 1988 he began working with text as art, neo-conceptual and post-conceptual texts (intext, outtext).
Life and work.
Baláž studied at the Academy of Fine Arts, Bratislava and his Magister of Fine Arts degree received in 1983. Baláž has been the Head of Department of Fine Arts Education at the University of Trnava since 1999. He was a founder member of the artists group East of Eden (1998). Since 1979, he has been married to the artist Maria Balazova.
He lives and works in Trnava.
He has shown work internationally in exhibitions including the Drawing 1990, Provo, USA (1990), Vth International Drawing Triennale, Wrocław (1992), 12th International Biennale of Small Sculpture, Murska Sobota (1995), International Biennale of Graphic Arts, Ljubljana (1989, 1995, 1999), Object / Object. Prague, Czech Museum of Fine Arts (2001), Intertext / From the conceptual to postconceptual text, Ján Koniarek Gallery, Trnava (2009)[http://www.gjk.sk/en/exhibition/archive-of-expositions/2009/intertext/], Formats of Transformation 89 – 09 / Seven views on the new Czech and Slovak identity, House of Art, Brno (2009).
Solo exhibitions (retrospective): Geld macht Kunst, Ján Koniarek Gallery, Trnava (2003) [http://www.gjk.sk/en/exhibition/], Blažej Baláž Texts 1988/2007, The East Slovak Gallery, Košice (2007), Museum of Fine Arts, Žilina (2007), SUCHARATOLEST House of Art, Bratislava (2009), WARTEZEIT, Slowakisches Institut Wien (2009), Post-Geo-Text (with Mária Balážová), Slowakisches Institut Berlin (2011).
His works are held in the public collections of Slovak National Gallery, Bratislava, National Gallery in Prague (CZ), Muzeum Archidiecezjalne, Katowice (PL), Fries Museum, Leeuwarden (NL), Jan Koniarek Gallery, Trnava East Slovakian Gallery Košice, City Gallery [http://www.gmb.sk/en/, Bratislava, Central Slovakian Gallery, Banská Bystrica [http://www.ssgbb.sk/].
Cycle Treptomachia.
Baláž’s works brings the new possibilities at the field of post-conceptual and neo-conceptual text. The exhibition is divided in three segments, all of them are connected by the specific and authentic search of the possibilities in the conceptual Macaronic language.
The first is created from the neo-conceptual horizontal/vertical texts, a part of Treptomachia, (WARTEZEIT, 2006, WARTERAUM, 2006 and How to domesticate the English language, 2006). The internal orientation of artworks, the search of art itself, the search of language and text brings the cracking of syntactic/semantic wholeness of graphems. The metatexts of initial prototext are distinguished by the colors (oil on canvas, 300 x 200 cm).
In this regard Baláž's eff ort culminates by the diptych TREPTOMACHIA.EN-A / How to domesticate the English language and TREPTOMACHIA.DE-B / How to domesticate the German language (2006). Both are depicted on big-size canvas, within which the only dominating word with partial messages is replaced with newly defined optical language with tens of words. The colour decomposition of the grapheme creates a symptomatic background for language overlapping and the contamination, which creates the supreme moment of the author's Babylonian crossroads.
Another, the second segment, black and white acryl-paintings enriches the former one, the artworks are created on principle of the structuralist analysis of text. It is a variant, which is called and named by author and curator the intext. By the segmentation of text the author discovers several lexis. These have a different lexical origin, five West-European, five East-European, and „dead“ language of Medieval Esperanto – Latin. Despite the cold artificiality of works, this segment has also the hidden sociocritical context, which is oscillated between phenomenons West and East, art and politics.
The third segment is the most open and subjective. These horizontal texts are named by its author as the simultaneous texts. It is a different alternative in the post-conceptual Makaronian text, the melange is created by harmony of the initial and derivative text. Its ironic and attacking character replaces a cold aspect of the first two segments. Vajanský’s Suchá ratolesť (an ironic parallel of failing elits) is floundered by streams, the subject is named by the author as east rat in the age of 20-years of wandering a la democrazy, with a more complicated ambivalent reading. The fragility of ground – paper artworks, width 10 m raises the openness of statement, ODRBMADEMOKRATICKY, 2008 me over democratically, is predominative.

</doc>
<doc id="19972509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972509" title="Be Seeing You">
Be Seeing You

Be Seeing You was the fifth album by Dr. Feelgood, and was released in October 1977. After the departure of Wilko Johnson, this was Dr. Feelgood's first album with guitarist Gypie Mayo. 
The album reached number 55 in the UK Albums Chart in October 1977, and remained in that chart for only three weeks. It spawned their second single to enter the corresponding UK Singles Chart - "She's A Wind Up".
The album's title was a catchphrase, used by the band, taken from the cult TV series, "The Prisoner", which was enjoying a revival at the time. This theme continued on the album sleeve with the line "produced by Number 2 for Number 6", and included photos of the band in piped blazers and scarves, similar to those used in the series, and some "penny farthing" badges, although the album's front cover was photographed in the band's local pub, the Admiral Jellicoe.

</doc>
<doc id="19972545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972545" title="Tina Moore">
Tina Moore

Tina Moore (born 17 October 1970 in Racine, Wisconsin) is an American R&B musician. She scored two Top 20 hit singles in the UK in 1997 with "Never Gonna Let You Go" (#7) and "Nobody Better" (#20).

</doc>
<doc id="19972560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972560" title="CF Ribamontán al Mar">
CF Ribamontán al Mar

Club de Fútbol Ribamontán al Mar is a football team based in Galizano, Ribamontán al Mar in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1971, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "Baceñuela", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19972568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972568" title="Odadar">
Odadar

Odadar' is a coastal village from Porbandar, in the state of Gujarat, India. It has a population of around 4000 and is known for the many stone quarries in its vicinity. It is the original village of Odedra Mers, and has a large temple for Gorakshanath the guru of the Odedras. Also, a temple for Shikoter Maa is to be found in this village the kuldevi for Odedras.

</doc>
<doc id="19972574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972574" title="Jean-Baptiste Billot">
Jean-Baptiste Billot

Jean-Baptiste Billot (15 August 1828, Chaumeil, Corrèze – 31 May 1907, Paris) was a French general and politician.
Life.
Jean-Baptiste Billot entered the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in 1847, and on leaving it in 1849 joined the staff with the rank of sous-lieutenant. His Republican convictions led to his voting "no" in the plebiscite of 1851 according full powers to Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte. Even so, he pursued a brilliant military career under the Second French Empire, promoted to lieutenant in 1852 then captain in 1854. He received the légion d'honneur in 1859. Billot participated in the Mexico expedition (1861–1867) : commandant of the state of Chihuahua then of Querétaro with the rank of chef d'escadrons (1863, he was mentioned 7 times in dispatches and received the cross of an officer of the légion d'honneur in 1867. He refused the post of under-secretary of state for war under emperor Maximilian. On his return to France, he made a rich marriage and in 1869 was named chef d'état-major of the province of Constantine with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.
He fought in the Franco-Prussian War, at first as chef d'état-major under general Laveaucoupet, commander of the 3rd Infantry Division integrated into 2nd Army Corps of general Frossard. Billot participated in the battles of Sarrebruck, Forbach where he was mentioned in dispatches, Borny and Noiseville. He managed to escape after the capture of Metz and put himself in the service of the Government of National Defence. He was promoted to colonel, then général de brigade and provisional général de division. Chef d'état-major then commander of the 18th Army Corps, Billot was beaten at Beaune-la-Rolande on 28 November 1870. Confirmed as permanent général de brigade, he fought in the battle of Villersexel in January 1871.
Billot was elected deputy for Corrèze in 1871, before representing this département as "sénateur inamovible" from 1875, sitting among the Republicans. Promoted to général de division in 1878, he received the command of the 1st Infantry Division in 1879, then of the 15th Army Corps, a post in which he organised the embarkation of the troops for the expedition of Tunisia from 1880 to 1881. In 1882 he was minister for war in the second ministry of Charles de Freycinet (1882), the ministry of Charles Duclerc (1882–83) and that of Jules Méline (1896–98). During his time as minister he saw the Dreyfus affair and in 1882 appointed Georges Ernest Boulanger director of infantry at the war office. He alternated military commands with political posts: vice-president of the Conseil supérieur de la Caisse des offrandes nationales and member of the Conseil supérieur for war from 1883 to 1896, commander of the 1st Army Corps from 1884 to 1888, then minister for war in the Méline government from 1896 to 1898. Grand-Cross of the Légion d'Honneur in 1896 and Médaille militaire in 1897, general Billot was also grand-cross of the order of Cambodia, then a French protectorate, in 1898 and of the order of the Crown of Romania.
He was implicated by Émile Zola of conspiracy to frame Alfred Dreyfus, a Jewish officer, for espionage in an open letter J'accuse. In it Zola accuses General Billot of having held in his hands absolute proof of Dreyfus's innocence and covering it up. The case, known as the Dreyfus affair, captivated and divided France.

</doc>
<doc id="19972579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972579" title="List of Barbadian Britons">
List of Barbadian Britons

This is a list of notable Barbadian British people (i.e. Barbadian immigrants to the UK and British-born individuals of Barbadian ethnic or national origin).
External links.
National Council of Barbadian Associations (UK)

</doc>
<doc id="19972597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972597" title="ZZT (duo)">
ZZT (duo)

ZZT is the project of Munich based musician and producer Zombie Nation (Florian Senfter) and Canadian based musician and DJ Tiga James Sontag. In 2007, they released their first EP, Lower State of Consciousness on UKW and Turbo Recordings. 
Zzafrika Remixes (2011).
Zzafrika Remixes was released as a boxset to celebrate the first 100 releases of Turbo Recordings [http://www.planet-turbo.com/] including 3 vinyls.
The remixers were:
Partys Over Earth (Album).
There isn't much information about it,the only thing that has been revealed so far is that it will be called "Partys Over Earth" and that it is already finished. A release date has been put forward by the duo through social media outlets to be the 7th of November 2011. The album is already available on cassette limited to 100 copies via the Turbo Online Shop.

</doc>
<doc id="19972602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972602" title="Dorset Ooser">
Dorset Ooser

The Dorset Ooser is the name of a horned mask that has been a part of folklore in the town of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset in southern England, for several centuries. The original mask disappeared in 1897, though a modern replica, made in 1975 by John Byfleet, is held in the Dorset County Museum, where it is taken out as a part of a procession of Morris dancers atop the Cerne Abbas giant on May Day and St George's Day, though some records indicate that in the 19th century it was paraded at Christmas instead.
Both the mask and the modern replica have a hinged jaw, allowing it to move, in much the same way that hobby horses, another folkloric English tradition, move their jaws. 
History.
It is unknown when the original mask was made, but appeared to be in a tradition of making animal and grotesque masks to be worn in procession; in the 7th century book "Liber Poenitentialis" by the then Archbishop of Canterbury, Theodore, he stated "whoever at the kalends of January goes about as a stag or bull; that is, making himself into a wild animal and dressing in the skin of a herd animal, and putting on the heads of beast, those who in such wise transform themselves into the appearance of a wild animal, penance for three years because this is devilish".
The mask became the property of the Cave family of Holt Farm, Melbury Osmond, Dorset, who remarked that it was used in local revels by a man dressed in animal skins. It was first mentioned in print in the 1891 book "Somerset and Dorset Notes and Queries".
In the late 19th century, Dr Edward Cave, who owned the mask, moved to Crewkerne, and he took the mask with him. He later moved to Bath, but left the object in Crewkerne, where it was under the charge of a family coachman. The head disappeared, and the coachman claimed that he had sold it to a stranger from "up Chinnock way". Its whereabouts are currently unknown. 
One of the main theories regarding the usage of the Ooser is that it was a representation of the Devil, though another theory, purported by Margaret Murray, in her 1933 book "The God of the Witches", and her supporters, such as Doreen Valiente, but now largely discredited, claims that it actually depicts the Horned God, a deity worshipped by a supposed underground Witchcraft cult which was the basis for modern Wicca. An illustration of the Ooser is held at the Museum of Witchcraft in the nearby county of Cornwall.
The Gardnerian initiate, and researcher into the history of Wicca, Melissa Seims, believed that the statue of the Horned God Atho which was built by Raymond Howard may have been based upon the iconography of the Dorset Ooser.
Whatever the historicity of Murray's claims, the Dorset Ooser continues to influence the praxis of modern pagan witchcraft. A "stag ooser" known as the Minnesota Ooser ("Rhymes with 'bosser', not 'boozer'", according to its current keeper) has in past decades been in use at private sabbats in the American Midwest, and there are rumors that others exist as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19972614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972614" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1

These are the results of the women's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-person kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 2000 Olympic competition was at the Penrith Whitewater Stadium.
Results.
Qualifying.
The 20 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 17 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event with the top 15 advancing to the final round the following day.
Final.
15 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on 18 September. The combined score of both runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19972622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972622" title="In the City (Kevin Rudolf album)">
In the City (Kevin Rudolf album)

In the City is the debut album by American singer-songwriter and producer Kevin Rudolf. It was released nationwide, physically and digitally, on November 24, 2008 via Cash Money Records and Universal Republic. Every song on the album was produced and written by Rudolf. "She Can Get It" was a production collaboration between Rudolf and Chad Hugo of The Neptunes. "Let It Rock" was the first single released from the album. The song "NYC" was featured on an episode of "" and "Let It Rock" was featured on the "Melrose Place" pilot and "The Hills" as well as being featured as the theme song for the 2009 WWE Royal Rumble. The album has sold 102,000 copies in the US.
The album's first single, "Let It Rock" reached #2 on the Canadian Hot 100, #5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, #3 on the Australian ARIA charts,and #4 on the Irish Singles Chart.
"Welcome to the World", which single version featuring Kid Cudi is the second single from this album, released in February 2009 has reached #58 on the US Hot 100 and has debuted at number 96 in Australia's Aria Singles Chart and has peaked at number 42.

</doc>
<doc id="19972626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972626" title="Pele / toe">
Pele / toe

Pele / toe is a two track EP by Pele and toe respectively, released in 2002 on CD in Japan and 2004 on vinyl in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19972627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972627" title="Filipp Yankovsky">
Filipp Yankovsky

Filipp Yankovsky is a Russian actor and film director. He was born in 1968 to Soviet actor Oleg Yankovsky. He is possibly best known for directing the 2005 adaptation of the Boris Akunin novel "The State Counsellor" and for the 2006 film "The Sword Bearer".
Filmography.
As actor:

</doc>
<doc id="19972643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972643" title="Voltage optimisation">
Voltage optimisation

Voltage optimisation is a term given to the systematic controlled reduction in the voltages received by an energy consumer to reduce energy use, power demand and reactive power demand. While some voltage 'optimisation' devices have a fixed voltage adjustment, others electronically regulate the voltage automatically.
Voltage optimisation systems are typically installed in series with the mains electrical supply to a building, allowing all its electrical equipment to benefit from an optimised supply.
Background.
Voltage optimisation is an electrical energy saving technique which is mainly installed in series with the mains electricity supply to provide a reduced supply voltage for the site's equipment. Typically, voltage optimisation can improve power quality by balancing phase voltages and filtering harmonics and transients from the supply, although not always. Voltage optimisers are essentially transformers used to deliver power at a reduced voltage from the raw mains supply.
The term voltage optimisation is frequently misused, as the term implies some form of selective voltage reduction, which will improve the energy consumption within a building, whereas generally these units consists of a transformer within a box, offering no selectively and dropping voltage on all supplies, whether this would offer a commercial benefit or not. Some VO units have been installed on high frequency lighting circuits, offering little or no commercial benefit, therefore one must be careful when the term is used.
Most VO units are installed in commercial premises, in between the raw mains transformer and main low voltage distribution board. However, this provides for no selectivity and in electrical engineering terms is considered a poor solution. A full study should be undertaken by the facilities manager and VO company, to select which supplies could benefit the owner by reducing the voltage and which supplies would give no commercial benefit. This way the owner only purchases a VO of the correct size and not one that's for all supplies. Installing a VO unit to 'optimise' all supplies would give a longer return on investment, a higher capital outlay and makes no commercial sense.
United Kingdom.
The declared electricity supply in the United Kingdom is now, as a result of European Harmonisation in 1995, 230V with a tolerance of +10% to -6%. This means that supply voltage can theoretically be anywhere between 216.2V and 253V depending on local conditions. However, the average voltage supplied from the national grid (in mainland UK) is 242V, compared to the nominal European voltage of 230V. (The average supply voltage in Northern Ireland is around 239V, and 235V in the Republic of Ireland.)
Older electrical equipment manufactured for the UK was rated at 240 V, and older equipment manufactured for Continental Europe was rated at 220V (see Worldwide Mains Voltages). New equipment should be designed for 230 V. A mixture of equipment is likely to be found in older premises. All equipment placed on the market within the E.U. since voltage harmonisation in 1995 should operate satisfactorily at voltages within the range 230 V +/-10%. Equipment rated at 220 V should operate satisfactorily down to 200 V. By efficiently bringing supply voltages to the lower end of the statutory voltage range, voltage optimisation technology could yield average energy savings of around 13% .
The higher the voltage the higher the power consumption in the case of a pure resistance load. A reduction in voltage does not greatly affect the energy used by the domestic appliances which use resistive loads. The main commercial benefit when installing VO units, is on inductive loads, like motors which run pumps, fans and the like. In the home, the potential energy saving can be up to 12% on electricity bills. A VO device will lower the voltage to the most efficient level to maximise the savings on electricity consumption, so you may notice certain things taking a little longer, such as a kettle may take a little longer to boil.
It is a common misconception that fridges and freezers do not provide savings through voltage optimisation because they are fitted with a thermostat. Fridges and freezers operate completely differently to resistive heating devices. If a resistive heating device is driven from a higher voltage the result is heat which is helpful in its intended purpose (heating). If a fridge or freezer is driven from a higher voltage the result is also heat however this is not helpful in its intended purpose (cooling). The compressor motor power output is reduced slightly by voltage optimisation so the fridge/freezer thermostat will keep the motor on a little longer however overall the effect is for the motor to run slightly longer at much lower losses. Tests at Manchester university showed a 10°C reduction in motor temperature under voltage optimisation due to the reduced losses in the motor. 
Common power quality problems.
Overvoltage.
Overvoltage refers to voltage higher than the voltage at which equipment is designed to operate most effectively. It causes a reduction in equipment lifetime and increases in energy consumed with no improvement in performance. The 16th edition of the Wiring Regulations BS7671 makes the following statements in relation to overvoltage:
“A 230V rated lamp used at 240 will achieve only 55% of its rated life” (referring to incandescent lamps) and
“A 230V linear appliance used on a 240V supply will take 4.3% more current and will consume almost 9% more energy.”
Various technologies can be used to avoid overvoltage, but it must be done so efficiently so that energy savings resulting from using the correct voltage are not offset by energy wasted within the device used to do so. Reliability is also important, and there are potential problems inherent in running full incoming power through electro-mechanical devices such as servo-controlled variable autotransformers.
Undervoltage refers to voltage lower than the voltage at which equipment is designed to operate most effectively. If the design of the VO does not take into consideration voltage drop over distance to remote power users, then this may lead to premature equipment failure, failure to start up, increased temperature in the case of motor windings and loss of service.
Harmonics.
Harmonics are current and voltage waveforms at multiples of the fundamental frequency of the 50 Hz (or 60 Hz) main supply. Harmonics are caused by non-linear loads, which include power supplies for computer equipment, variable speed drives, and discharge lighting. “Triplen” harmonics (odd multiples of the third harmonic) result when phase voltages are not balanced in a three phase power systems and add in the neutral, causing wasteful currents to flow.
The possible effects if the level of harmonics, known as total harmonic distortion becomes too high include damage to sensitive electronic equipment and reduction in the efficiency of the HV transformer. The efficiency of electrical loads can be improved by attenuating harmonics at the supply, or by preventing their generation. Some voltage optimisation devices also mitigate harmonics, reducing losses associated with harmonic content on the electrical system.
Transients.
Transients are large, very brief and potentially destructive increases in voltage. Their causes include lightning strikes, switching of large electrical loads such as motors, transformers and electrical drives, and by switching between power generation sources to balance supply and demand. Although they typically only last thousandths or millionths of a second, transients can damage electronic systems causing data loss, degrading equipment components and shortening equipment life. Some voltage optimisation devices include transient protection.
Phase voltage imbalance.
Industrial and commercial sites are supplied with 3-phase electricity. Imbalance between the phases causes problems such as heating in motors and existing wiring, leading to wasteful energy consumption. Some voltage optimisation devices are able to improve balance on the building's electrical supply, reducing losses and improving the longevity of three phase induction motors.
Power dips.
Power dips are reductions in voltage, mostly of short duration (<300 ms) but sometimes longer. They may cause a number of problems with equipment, for example contactors and relays may drop out causing machinery to stop. There are a number of low voltage ride through techniques including Uninterruptible Power Supplies, the use of capacitors on low voltage DC control circuits, the use of capacitors on the DC bus of Variable Speed Drives. Care must be taken that Voltage Optimisation measures do not reduce the voltage to an extent that equipment is more vulnerable to power dips.
Power factor and reactive power.
The power factor of an electrical supply is the ratio of the real power to the apparent power of the supply. It is the useful power used by the site divided by the total power that is drawn. The latter includes power that is unusable, so a power factor of 1 is desirable. A low power factor would mean that the electricity supplier would effectively supply more energy than the consumer’s bill would indicate, and suppliers are allowed to charge for low power factors.
Reactive power is the name given to unusable power. It does no work in the electrical system, but is used to charge capacitors or produce a magnetic field around the field of an inductor. Reactive power needs to be generated and distributed through a circuit to provide sufficient real power to enable processes to run.
Reactive power increases significantly with increasing voltage as the reactance of equipment increases. Correcting this with voltage optimisation will therefore lead to a reduction in reactive power and improvement in power factor.
Effects on electrical loads.
A common misconception as far as Voltage Optimisation is concerned is to assume that a reduction in voltage will result in an increase in current and therefore constant power. Whilst this is true for certain fixed-power loads, most sites have a diversity of loads that will benefit to a greater or lesser extent with energy savings aggregating across a site as a whole. The benefit to typical equipment at three phase sites is discussed below.
Three phase motors.
Three phase induction motors are probably the most common type of three phase load and are used in a variety of equipment including refrigeration, pumps, air conditioning, conveyor drives as well as their more obvious applications. The de-rating effects of overvoltage and three phase imbalance on AC motors are well known. Excessive overvoltage results in saturation of the iron core, wasting energy through eddy currents and increased hysteresis losses. Drawing excessive current results in excess heat output due to copper losses. The additional stress of overvoltage on motors will decrease motor lifetime.
Avoiding overvoltage high enough to cause saturation does not reduce efficiency so substantial energy savings can be made through reducing iron and copper losses. However, motors designed for the nominal voltage (e.g. 400V) should be able to cope with normal variation in voltage within the supply limits(+/-10%) without saturation, so this is unlikely to be a significant problem.
Reducing voltage to an induction motor will slightly affect the motor speed as slip will increase, but speed is mainly a function of the supply frequency and the number of poles. Motor efficiency is optimum at reasonable load (typically 75%) and at the designed voltage, and will fall off slightly with small variations either side of this voltage. Larger variations affect efficiency more.
Very lightly loaded motors (<25%) and small motors benefit most from reducing voltage.
If the input voltage of motors driven by Variable Speed Drives is reduced, there will be a proportionate dip in the output voltage and the drive will draw less current and eventually consume less power. However if the motor is running on high load (>80%), the dip in voltage will result in reduced torque and motor will end up drawing more current and power.
Lighting.
When lighting loads are in use for a high proportion of the time, energy savings on lighting equipment are extremely valuable. When voltage is reduced, incandescent lighting will see a large decrease in power drawn, a large decrease in light output and an increase in lifetime, as the previous extracts from the Electricians Guide illustrate. Since the decrease in light output will exceed the decrease in power drawn, the energy efficiency - luminous efficacy - of the lighting will drop.
However, other types of lighting can also benefit from improved power quality, including systems with resistive or reactive ballasts. Fluorescent & discharge lighting is more efficient than incandescent lighting. Fluorescent lighting with conventional magnetic ballasts will see a reduced power consumption, but also a reduced lumen output from the lamp. Fluorescent lamps on modern electronic ballasts will use approximately the same power and give the same light.
To provide the same wattage at the reduced voltage will require a greater current and increase cable losses. However, lighting controllers and ballasts are responsible for generating high levels of harmonic distortion, which can be filtered with some types of voltage optimiser, in addition reducing the need for lighting controllers.
A common concern is that some lighting will fail to strike at lower voltages. However, this should not occur since the aim of voltage optimisation is not simply to reduce the voltage as far as possible, but to bring it to the service level voltage at which it was designed to operate most efficiently.
Heating.
Heaters will consume less power, but give less heat. Thermostatically controlled space or water heaters will consume less power while running, but will have to run for longer in each hour to produce the required output, resulting in no saving.
Switched mode power supplies.
Switched mode power supplies will use the same power as before, but will draw a slightly greater current to achieve this, with slightly increased cable losses, and slight risk of the increased current tripping MCBs.
Energy savings.
The energy savings achieved by Voltage Optimisation are an aggregation of the improved efficiency of all equipment across a site in response to the improvements in the power quality problems outlined above. It has been and continues to be a key technique for savings in energy consumption.
Research in Taiwan suggested that, for an industrial supply, for voltage reduction upstream of the transformer, there is a 0.241% decrease of energy consumption when the voltage is decreased by 1%, and an increase of 0.297% when the voltage is increased by 1%. This assumed a mixture of loads including 7% fluorescent lighting, 0.5% incandescent lighting, 12.5% three phase air conditioners, 5% motors, 22.5% small 3-phase motors, 52.5% large 3-phase motors.
It is likely that a modern installation would have less opportunity: almost no incandescent lighting, partly high-frequency fluorescent lighting (no saving), some variable speed drives (no saving), higher motor efficiencies (so less waste to save). A northern European installation would not have the large number of small single phase motors for air conditioning.
The best potential for saving is probably with older lighting (incandescent or fluorescent and discharge lighting with conventional control gear. Therefore older commercial and office premises are likely to have a better saving potential than modern buildings or industrial sites.

</doc>
<doc id="19972649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972649" title="Vragel da Silva">
Vragel da Silva

Vragel da Silva (born 29 March 1974 in Campo Grande) is a former Brazilian footballer.
Da Silva last played in Germany for Energie Cottbus.
Career.
He formerly played in Brazil for Campo Grande, in Denmark for Brøndby, and in Germany for Karlsruher SC and SSV Ulm.

</doc>
<doc id="19972652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972652" title="Miguel Mora Morales">
Miguel Mora Morales

Miguel Mora Morales (born 3 March 1974 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
An unsuccessful FC Barcelona youth graduate, Mora played his first professional years with lowly teams, also mostly in native Catalonia. His biggest success was playing 27 matches in 1998–99's second division with UE Lleida.
In January 2001 Mora moved to neighbouring Portugal, first with another lowly outfit, Madeira's C.F. União. For the 2003–04 season he moved to the top level with Rio Ave FC, and was the Vila do Conde side's first-choice for the vast majority of his lengthy spell.
In 2007–08 Rio Ave returned from division two, but Mora only managed to be backup in the following two top flight campaigns, successively to Márcio Paiva and Carlos Fernandes, only appearing in four games combined. He retired in June 2010 at the age of 36.

</doc>
<doc id="19972659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972659" title="CD Siete Villas">
CD Siete Villas

Club Deportivo Siete Villas is a football team based in Castillo, Arnuero in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1969, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "San Pedro", which has a capacity of 500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19972711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972711" title="Arunodaya">
Arunodaya

Arunodaya is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5489 people living in 934 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19972718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972718" title="Baidi, Nepal">
Baidi, Nepal

Baidi, Nepal is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4318 people living in 694 individual households.Bhirkot lies to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="19972728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972728" title="Barbhanjyang">
Barbhanjyang

Barbhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5388 people living in 1048 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19972737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972737" title="Basantapur, Gandaki">
Basantapur, Gandaki

Basantapur, Gandaki is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11450 people living in 2234 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19972770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972770" title="Solares SD">
Solares SD

Solares Sociedad Deportiva is a football team based in Solares, Medio Cudeyo in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1968, the team plays in Regional Preferente. The club's home ground is "La Estación", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="19972793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972793" title="Joseph Ghosh">
Joseph Ghosh

Joseph Jogindranath Ghosh (born 1869 - died 1942) of Allahabad, India. Son of Jadunath Ghosh of Calcutta who was one of the earliest high-caste Hindu converts to Christianity in Bengal. Graduated from St. John's College, Agra in 1890 and passed his postgraduation from Allahabad University in 1892. He started his teaching career from St. John's College, Agra. He also served as the headmaster of the Government Intercollege, Ahmedabad,and Jumna High School, Allahabad. He was the first Indian to do a D.Litt from a foreign university. He did his D.Litt in Syrian Arabic from Edinburgh University, Scotland in 1909. Founder of the Modern High School in Allahabad which is now named after him. His first wife Manorama was the daughter of Col.K.P.Gupta the first Indian FRCS and niece of the first Lord Sinha of Raipur. After the death of his first wife he married Muriel Cuthbertson, daughter of David Cuthbertson, noted Scottish writer, poet and Librarian at Edinburgh University. Author of the book "Adventures with Evil Spirits." Also the elder brother of Prof. Nathaniel Nath Ghosh of St. John's College, Agra who was instrumental in framing the syllabus of Geography at Agra University in the early part of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19972794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972794" title="Barry Lloyd (cricketer)">
Barry Lloyd (cricketer)

Barry John Lloyd (born Neath, Glamorgan, Wales 6 September 1953) was a Welsh cricketer.
Barry Lloyd was educated at Bangor Normal School and was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who represented Glamorgan between 1972 and 1984 and the Wales Minor Counties XI in 1993. He captained Glamorgan in 1982 and also was awarded his county cap during the same season.
In 147 first-class matches, he scored 1,631 runs (average 11.90) and took 247 wickets (average 41.02) with a personal best of 8/70. In 95 List A matches, he scored 422 runs (average 12.41) and took 64 wickets (average 38.06) with a personal best of 4/26.
His daughter Hannah Lloyd is an ODI cricketer for the England Women XI and has also represented Somerset, West of England, Diamonds and Central Districts.

</doc>
<doc id="19972797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972797" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates (Syria)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates (Syria)

This page lists the foreign ministers of Syria. The responsibilities of the Minister of Expatriates were merged on April 14, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19972801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972801" title="Dean Brody">
Dean Brody

Dean Brody (born August 12, 1975) is a Canadian country music artist. Originally signed to Broken Bow Records in 2008, Brody made his debut later that year with the single "Brothers". This song, a Top 40 country hit in the US, was the first single from his self-titled debut album, released in 2009 under the production of Matt Rovey. In 2010, Brody was signed to Open Road Recordings and released his second album, "Trail in Life". In 2012, he released his third album, "Dirt", earning the 2012 CCMA Album of the Year award and a 2013 Juno nomination for Country Album of the Year. Brody also won the 2012 and 2013 CCMA Male Artist of the Year award. Brody's fourth album, "Crop Circles", was released in 2013.
Biography.
Dean Brody was born in Smithers, British Columbia and grew up in Jaffray, British Columbia. As a boy, Brody worked at a sawmill, also playing guitar in his spare time. By 2004, he had moved to Nashville, Tennessee to pursue his musical career. Although he found a songwriting contract, the expiration of his US work permit forced him to move back to Canada. Eventually, he returned to Nashville through the suggestion of producer Keith Stegall, who helped him sign with Broken Bow Records in 2008. Brody released his debut single, "Brothers", late that year. Shortly before its release, Brody was injured in a waterskiing accident on the Potomac River and had to undergo extensive reconstructive surgery. He lives with his wife Iris in Chester, Nova Scotia.
Music career.
"Dean Brody".
Brody's self-titled debut album was released in the United States on April 28, 2009, via the independent label Broken Bow Records. The album debuted at Number 32 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, and was released in Canada on May 12, 2009. "Brothers" peaked at number 26 in the US. "Dirt Road Scholar" and "Undone" were both released in Canada and "Gravity" in the United States.
"Trail in Life".
The first single from Brody's second album, "Wildflower," was released in April 2010. A second single, "Roll That Barrel Out," was released in July 2010. The album, "Trail in Life", was released by Open Road Recordings in August 2010. Other singles included the title track, "People Know You by Your First Name" and "Little Yellow Blanket."
"Dirt".
Brody's third studio album, "Dirt", was released by Open Road Recordings on April 24, 2012. Its first single, "Canadian Girls," became Brody's first song to reach the top 40 on the Canadian Hot 100 and his first certified gold digital single. Brody sold out his first headline Dirt Tour across Canada in 2012.
"Crop Circles".
Brody's fourth studio album, "Crop Circles", was released on November 5, 2013. The lead single, "Bounty", was released on August 19. The album's second single, the title track, was released in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19972803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972803" title="Earl J. Atkisson">
Earl J. Atkisson

Earl James Atkisson (August 12, 1886 – September 18, 1941) was Colonel of the United States Army's 1st Gas Regiment in World War I.
Early career.
Earl James Atkisson was born in Broken Bow, Nebraska, but his family moved to Fresno County, California and he graduated from high school in Fowler. He was appointed to the United States Military Academy in 1904. He graduated seventh in his class in 1908, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers.
Atkisson served two years at Fort Leavenworth, followed by six at the Army's Engineering school at Washington Barracks, less one year he spent earning his M.E. degree at Cornell University, which he received in 1911. While there, he was promoted to first lieutenant. He was next assigned as a captain to be superintendent of the Gatun Locks of the Panama Canal, where he was serving when World War I broke out.
World War I.
In July 1917, Atkisson was made a major in the National Army, and placed in command of the 30th Engineers, which became the 1st Gas Regiment. This regiment arrived in France on March 10, 1918 and eventually participated in the Aisne-Marne, St. Mihel, and Meuse-Argonne operations. In May 1918 he was made commandant of the Gas Service Experimental Field and Gas Defense School at Hanlon Field near Chaumont, France. Beginning in January 1919, having risen to the rank of colonel, he served in various capacities with the Army of Occupation. For his service in the war, Atkisson was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal, the Purple Heart, and the Distinguished Service Order of Great Britain.
Later career.
Returning to the United States in September 1919, Atkisson returned to his Regular Army rank of major, and transferred to the fledgling Chemical Warfare Service. In 1920, he became commander of Edgewood Arsenal, the Chemical Warfare Service's large manufacturing establishment near Baltimore, Maryland, for three years. While there, he assisted in rescuing two officers from drowning, for which he was awarded the Lifesaving Medal. He then served as Assistant Military Attaché at the American embassy in London from 1923 to 1925. He then served as the Chemical Officer for the Ninth Corps Area at the Presidio of San Francisco, until his retirement for disability in March 1926. He was given his World War I rank of colonel by Act of Congress in June 1930.
Upon retirement, Atkisson returned to Sanger, where he managed his father's department store company until his death in September 1941. He is buried in the Sanger Cemetery.
Portrayals.
Christopher Alexander McCowan who lives in Fowler, Ca played Earl J. Atkisson in "A Man Comes To Fowler" by the Cornerstone Theater Company which is based in Los Angeles. The play took place in Fowler, California from August 11-13 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19972827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972827" title="Francesco Caputo">
Francesco Caputo

Francesco Caputo (born 6 August 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for A.S. Bari.
With Bari he won the 2008–09 Serie B season, but he was excluded in Bari's Serie A plan. In mid-2009, he was loaned to Salernitana along with teammates Giuseppe Statella and Gianluca Galasso.

</doc>
<doc id="19972885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972885" title="Velarde CF">
Velarde CF

Velarde Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Muriedas, Camargo in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1967, the team plays in Regional Preferente. The club's home ground is "La Maruca", which has a capacity of 2,350 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19972917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972917" title="Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 67.5 kg">
Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 67.5 kg

The men's lightweight event was part of the weightlifting programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the second-lightest contested, and allowed weightlifters of up to 67.5 kilograms (148.8 pounds). The competition was held on Saturday, July 30, 1932.
Six weightlifters from four nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in kilograms) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
René Duverger set a new Olympic record in press with 97.5 kilograms and in total with 325 kilograms.
Results.
All figures in kilograms.

</doc>
<doc id="19972942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972942" title="Bhanu, Nepal">
Bhanu, Nepal

Bhanu, Nepal is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,540.

</doc>
<doc id="19972951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972951" title="Bhanumati, Nepal">
Bhanumati, Nepal

Bhanumati, Nepal is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5107 people living in 1005 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19972953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972953" title="Bhimad">
Bhimad

Bhimad is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4458 people living in 834 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19972954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972954" title="Jalan Sungai Danga">
Jalan Sungai Danga

Jalan Sungai Danga (Johor State Route J106) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19972962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972962" title="List of statistics journals">
List of statistics journals

This is a list of scientific journals published in the field of statistics.
Specialized.
Biostatistics.
Biostatistics: 
Physical sciences, technology, and quality.
Physical sciences, technology, and total quality management: 
Social sciences.
Social sciences: 
Econometrics.
Econometrics: 
Time series.
Time-series analysis:
"Open access" statistics journals.
The following journals are considered "open access": 

</doc>
<doc id="19972968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972968" title="Bhirkot, Tanahu">
Bhirkot, Tanahu

Bhirkot is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4686 people living in 758 individual households.It lies northwest of Baidi. It lies on a steep mountain top overlooking a deep valley in which the Kali River passes. The village contains a health camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19972974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972974" title="Hallway Productionz">
Hallway Productionz

Hallway Productionz is a 3x Grammy Nominated, Dove Award winning music production duo made up of Producer/Mixer/Engineer/Multi-Instrumentalist Teak & Dee Underdue. The pair reside in Stockton, California. Teak and Dee's production is most notably featured on Ice Cube, WC, T-Bone & Mindless Behavior & Blackalicious records.
Production credits.
2010.
co-producers

</doc>
<doc id="19972980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972980" title="Christian Matras (cinematographer)">
Christian Matras (cinematographer)

Christian Matras (29 December 1903, Valence, Drôme, France - 4 May 1977, Paris) was a French cinematographer who worked on more than 100 feature films, including "Grand Illusion" (1937), directed by Jean Renoir; "The Milky Way" (1969), directed by Luis Buñuel; and "Thérèse Desqueyroux" (1962), directed by Georges Franju; "Lola Montès" (1955), "The Earrings of Madame De..." (1953), and "Le Plaisir" (1952), all directed by Max Ophüls; and "L'Aigle à deux têtes" (1948) directed by Jean Cocteau.

</doc>
<doc id="19972987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972987" title="Alexander Johnson (disambiguation)">
Alexander Johnson (disambiguation)

Alexander Johnson (born 1983) is an American basketball player.
Alexander Johnson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19972989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19972989" title="Andrea Miller (publisher)">
Andrea Miller (publisher)

Andrea Miller is the founder and CEO of Tango, a media company focused on romantic love.
Miller is a licensed private pilot and a co-head of the New York Chapter of 85 Broads.
Miller has appeared on The Today Show, CNN, Fox News, ABC, and radio stations across the U.S., as well as in numerous national publications such as USA Today, the Los Angeles Times, and Business Week. She is a frequent panelist and guest speaker in university classes at Harvard University, Columbia University, Fordham University, The Wharton School, and New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="19973011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973011" title="Rock UK">
Rock UK

Rock UK (formerly Barnabas Adventure Centres) is a national UK Christian charity which supports and encourages 40,000 young people every year. Rock UK achieves its aim ‘to provide an opportunity for young people to develop physically, socially and spiritually’ through the provision of residential and day visit opportunities for groups including schools, colleges and youth groups. A wide range of activities are offered including climbing, abseiling, archery, fencing, gorge walking, high ropes, mountain biking, night walk and bivi, orienteering, kayaking, open canoeing, raft building, team development, go-karting, swimming, football and volleyball.
Locations.
Rock UK runs four Outdoor Activity Centres around the country, including:
History.
Rock UK began its life in 1922 when a group of Sunday school teachers from London decided to take their groups on an adventure holiday. The groups purchased Belgrave House in Littlehampton so that they could return regularly and in 1924 also decided to rent a field at Climping which was used as a canvas camp site. Camps continued to be run at both of these locations for 50 years under the name of the 'Belgrave Trust'. In 1977, Belgrave House was sold in order to expand the work, with the proceeds being used to buy Carroty Wood in Tonbridge which was turned into an outdoor pursuits centre. In the following years, Halls Green (now closed), Whithaugh Park and the Frontier Centre were also purchased. The Belgrave Trust underwent a number of name changes before finally becoming known as Barnabas Adventure Centres. In 2009, the organisation was renamed "Rock UK". In October 2010 Rock UK opened Summit Centre is South Wales.
Affiliations and links.
Each of the activity centres is registered with the Adventure Activities Licensing Service (AALS) the body that licences outdoor activities. Rock UK also has strong links with the Northamptonshire Association of Youth Groups (NAYC) having taken over the running of the Frontier Centre from NAYC in 2004. Rock UK is also members of Christian Camping International (CCI).

</doc>
<doc id="19973016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973016" title="Jo Hikk">
Jo Hikk

Jo Hikk is a Canadian country music group founded in Calgary, Alberta. This four-piece band is composed of brothers Kelly Sitter (lead vocals, bass guitar) and Kenny Sitter (guitar, ganjo, vocals), Al Doell (drums, vocals) and Don Jorgensen (keyboards, mandolin). Their first album, "Ride", was re-released in early 2009. The first single, "Closer", was originally recorded by Thrasher Shiver in 1996 and was a single for Susan Ashton in 1999. It was followed by "Pimp My Tractor." Jo Hikk's third single, "Sweet City Woman", was previously a hit for several other artists, including The Stampeders, Johnny Carver and Ray Griff.
Jo Hikk's second album, "The Game", was released in August 2010. A music video was shot on location in Toronto with Warren P. Sonoda for the first single, "The Big Spoon".

</doc>
<doc id="19973022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973022" title="Alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics consisted of 44 events, 29 for men and 15 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19973035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973035" title="Alasdair A. K. White">
Alasdair A. K. White

Alasdair Antony Kenneth White (born May 24, 1952) is a British management theorist best known for his work on performance management from a behavioural perspective and in the field of deconcentrated and networked organizations. Along with John Fairhurst, White developed the White-Fairhurst Performance Hypothesis relating to the performance life-cycle. He is also the author of "Continuous Quality Improvement" and "The Essential Guide to Developing Your Staff".
Research.
In 2006, he worked closely with John Fairhurst and, following various observational studies, they formulated the White-Fairhurst Performance Hypothesis which states that "all performance will initially trend towards a steady state, particularly after a period of performance uplift, and that steady state will then develop a downward curve leading to a significant performance decline".
In a paper entitled "From Comfort Zone to Performance Management", White examines the hypothesis from a theoretical perspective starting with the Comfort Zone Theory and the work of Robert Yerkes and John Dodson, David McClelland et al., the Tuckman Model and Colin Carnall. This theoretical examination leads White to conclude that the White-Fairhurst Hypothesis broadly holds true and the performance curve is as demonstrated in the White-Fairhurst TPR Life-cycle Model (TPR stands for Transforming, Performing, Reforming). There has been some criticism of White’s approach, suggesting that more recent sources and work would have been more appropriate, but none have been able to offer a counter-argument or to adequately refute or dispute the hypothesis. The fact remains that most of the fundamentals of performance behaviour were established in the last century and that the more recent work is itself based on this earlier work.
White argues that what is important now is to determine trend-change points on the performance curve so that the most appropriate performance management actions can be applied. He conducted research within a university environment in this relation to this and the result is recorded in his 2008 essay "Managing Academic Performance" the underlying theory of which underpins the approach being adopted by a number of academic institutions.
Writing.
In addition to writing on management issues, White is also active in writing and editing fiction for White & MacLean Publishing. Among those writings include the a political and action novel "Shadows", written under the pen-name of Alex Hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="19973042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973042" title="Peoples Christian Academy">
Peoples Christian Academy

The Peoples Christian Academy (PCA) (founded in 1971 as The Peoples Christian Schools) is an independent, private, Christian elementary and secondary school in Toronto, Canada. The name "Peoples Christian Academy" was adopted in 1995 but was not registered by PMI as a trademark until December 3, 2003.
History.
In 1971, The Peoples Church, Toronto, Canada under the leadership of Paul B. Smith, Senior Pastor, established an educational ministry known as The Peoples Christian Schools. Under this umbrella, two divisions became known as The Oswald J. Smith Elementary School (OJSES) and The Paul B. Smith Academy (PBSA) (the High School). Oswald J. Smith (1889–1986) was a world renowned author, poet, hymn writer, preacher, editor, and missionary. He founded The Peoples Church in 1928. The official biography of Dr. Oswald J. Smith is “Fire in His Bones” by Lois Neely. Paul B. Smith was the son of Oswald J. Smith, and Senior Pastor of The Peoples Church from 1959–1994. In 1995, the two divisions of The Peoples Christian Schools were integrated as Peoples Christian Academy (PCA) under the umbrella of Peoples Ministries Inc. (PMI). PMI consists of The Peoples Church, Global Outreach, Living Truth and Peoples Christian Academy. 
PCA was originally housed within its own purpose-built facility adjoining The Peoples Church. The Elementary division, at the west side of the complex, contains classrooms, a gymnasium and a computer lab. At the east side of the building is the High School wing. The High School has a large gym, classrooms, a music room, science lab, art room, and two modern computer laboratories. The two wings are separated by The Peoples Church facilities which include offices, as well as an 1800 seat auditorium. This well-equipped auditorium was used by the school for Chapel services, music classes, major concerts, and drama productions. Parking is available for senior students.
August 2010.
PCA Announces relocation of entire Elementary Division to 282-288 Cummer Avenue.
Benefits: 
March 25, 2011.
PCA Announces relocation of both Elementary School and High school to 245 Renfrew Drive, in Markham, Ontario. Between Hwy's 404 and Woodbine Avenue and Hwy 407 and 16th Avenue.
60,000 Sq. Ft facilities on 5+ acres of land with green space to include:
Name.
The name "Peoples Christian Academy" was adopted in 1995 but was not registered by PMI as a trademark until December 3, 2003. Now known as PCA Inc., Peoples Christian Academy was incorporated in 2008. The school currently rents its space at 374 Sheppard Ave. from PMI.
Academics.
According to their School Profile section, between 2008-2010, PCA students on the standardized tests taken by Grades 3, and 5, over 90% of students were above the Canadian norm in all tests. For the Ontario Grade 10 Literacy Tests, 96% were successful. 100% apply to institutions of higher education and 95% of the graduating class attend university.
Quick Facts.
Graduates have chosen to attend the likes of these:
40 years (1971-2011).
Peoples Christian Academy to celebrate 40 years during 2011 at the new facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19973054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973054" title="Property condition assessment">
Property condition assessment

Property condition assessments (PCAs) are classified as engineering due diligence projects associated with commercial real estate, though engineering work is not part of the assessment and is excluded in the scope of the assessment. Effectively they are more detailed versions of home inspections and have similar (and additional – see below) value propositions. Often they are done as part of a property transfer and are done along with a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment.
They are done in both equity and debt markets. On the equity side, these reports primarily have value to the purchaser in that they can understand the issues and the potential costs associated with owning a property. The Property Condition Report (PCR) would be used in these cases to negotiate the purchase price much like a home inspection. These reports tend to be very detailed, may require a number of specialists to evaluate the various building systems (e.g. HVAC, elevators) and can cost $20,000 to $100,000 or even more.
In debt markets, the reports have the value of letting the lender know that the borrower will likely have sufficient cash flow to operate, maintain and update the property over the course of the loan. This provides some assurance to the lender that the loan will be repaid or in the worst case, the property will not decline in value in the situation they have to sell it to recoup their loan amount.
PCAs are not to be confused with facility condition assessments, which are similar in nature but serve a different purpose.
History.
The PCA process began to formalize in the early 1990s as a response to the Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC). The process of performing PCAs began to become routine and formalized with the increased demand however there were still many inconsistencies. A 1995 Standard & Poor's Guide further defined the process and then in 1999 ASTM released a standard called 2018-99. Since 2000 tremendous growth in the securitized lending market, or commercial mortgage-backed securities, caused a spike in the completion of these reports as they were required to complete a deal. Further, this has led to advancements and convergence on the scope, methodology and cost.
It is important to discern however the difference between a PCA done for the debt/CMBS markets and that of one done for equity markets as the cost, methodology, detail and value proposition vary tremendously.
Scope.
A PCA covers ten major areas including
The PCA process generally consists of two phases: a site inspection and data analysis. The site inspection should be a thorough and representative picture of the structure and abovementioned building systems. For larger buildings, a general rule of thumb is to view 10% of the building; however, depending on the structure, floor plan and building systems, this may not be enough to afford a representative picture. The report should include a narrative summary of the building type and condition, and cost tables of the immediate and long-term expenses of the building maintenance.
Value proposition and users.
The users of a PCA may include a seller, a potential buyer, a lender, an investor or an owner.
The reports may be of use for:
Cost tables.
The Executive Summary of a PCR is effectively the Replacement Reserves Cost Table. The report may be 20-40 pages in length however this table summarizes most of the Deferred maintenance items found.
These tables may be from 8 years in length to 40 or even more. The typical table is 12 years for most CMBS work (loan term plus two years).
In the lower part of the image you can see that the Cost Per Unit for this report is $20. Properties fall into one of two main categories. Either they are per unit/bed/pad/room (apartment, hospital, mobile home park, hotel respectively) or they are done on a square foot basis (commercial and industrial).

</doc>
<doc id="19973056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973056" title="Pass, Poland">
Pass, Poland

Pass is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19973059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973059" title="Topaz Energy">
Topaz Energy

Topaz is an Irish petroleum retail chain, operating all over the island of Ireland. The legal entity was formed in 2005 and previously traded under the Statoil and Shell brands, until 2008 when the Topaz brand replaced both in Ireland. It is also the largest supplier of home heating oil in Ireland. It is a secondary of Ion Equity Limited, a venture capital company that also used to own SWS Group and USIT.
History.
The company was formed by Ion Equity in 2005 as a vehicle to take over part of the Irish operations of Royal Dutch Shell plc (the filling station and home heating operation, Irish Shell Limited) as well as the Irish operations of Statoil. This was controversial in itself, as the Competition Authority, which must approve large mergers and acquisitions, failed to take a decision on the takeover of Statoil's assets within the time frame allowed, thus automatically approving the deal. This was the first time this had happened in the Authority's history. [http://www.concurrences.com/nr_one_question.php3?id_rubrique=608].
The company was slow to reveal its branding strategy, continuing at first to trade under the Shell, Statoil, and Fareplay brands. [http://archives.tcm.ie/businesspost/2006/07/02/story15421.asp]. However, beginning in 2008, Topaz began replacing both these brands with its own. The Fareplay brand, which Topaz owns worldwide rights to, has also been retired and replaced with a number of Topaz convenience store brands including Topaz Restore and Topaz Express.
As of 2012, Topaz currently operates 118 Company Owned Company Operated (COCO) sites in the Republic of Ireland and 1 site in Larne, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It is due to roll out a new loyalty scheme in 2013.
The current CEO is John Williamson have been appointed in February 2012. Williamson previously held the role of CFO.

</doc>
<doc id="19973096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973096" title="Natvar Bhavsar">
Natvar Bhavsar

Natvar Bhavsar (born 1934) is an Indian - American artist, based in Soho, New York City for nearly 50 years, noted as an abstract expressionist and color field artist. Bhavsar's paintings appear in more than 800 private and public collections, including the collections of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York, the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney, Australia, the Library of Congress, NYU's Grey Art Gallery, and the Australian National Gallery. In addition, his works have been purchased and displayed by corporations such as the American Express Company, AT&T, Chase Manhattan Bank, and NBC. Bhavsar and his works have been the subject of books, including: "Natvar Bhavsar: The Sound of Color," (Robert C. Morgan, 2002) and "Natvar Bhavsar: Painting and the Reality of Color," (Irving Sandler, 1999).
Early life and education.
Born 1934 in village Gothava, near Visnagar in Gujarat, India to a wealthy Bhavsar
family, he studied at the Seth CN College of Fine Arts in Ahmedabad. He also graduated in English literature from Gujarat University. Bhavsar earned a Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Design in 1965, and received Rockefeller grant.
Career.
Bhavsar attained prominence as an artist in India by age 19, working primarily in the Cubist vein. After moving to New York City, he became influenced by the freedom of abstract painting. His style evolved into abstract expressionism and color field painting, and his works often feature a hazy object (absent of direct lines or geometric shapes) in the center of a solid canvas, that projects an astral-like mass of color.
Employing some techniques from the Indian tradition of sand painting, Bhavsar paints in an improvisational manner, "soaking the canvas with acrylic-based liquid binders that absorb and hold the fine pigment powder. He applies the base using a sifting technique with a screen, during which layers of fine, concentrated pigment are sprinkled and drizzled over the canvas (or paper), which is laid out on the floor so that the artist can walk around the painting and work on it from all sides." 
Bhavsar primarily shows his work at the Sundaram Tagore Gallery in New York and the ACP Viviane Ehrli Gallery in Zurich, Switzerland, along with Pundole Art Gallery in Bombay, India. He has been exhibiting his works in one-man shows since 1970. In 2007, the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum at Rutgers University sponsored an exhibition of about 50 of Bhavsar’s works. It was the first United States university to hold a one-man show of a South Asian artist.
Earlier in his career, Bhavsar was a John D. Rockefeller III Fund Fellow (1965 –1966), a Guggenheim Foundation Fellow (1975 – 1976), and an Instructor of Art at the University of Rhode Island (1967 – 1969). In 1980 and 1983, he participated in Executive Seminars at the Aspen Institute and, more recently, participated as a Cultural Leader at the World Economic Forums in Davos, Switzerland (2000) and New York (2002). Throughout his career, Bhavsar has associated with a number of acclaimed artists, most prominently, Mark Rothko (1903 – 1970) and Barnett Newman (1905 – 1970).
Bhasvar has been included in the Asian American Arts Centre's artasiamerica digital archive. 
In 2011, a documentary on his life and works, "The Poetics of Color: Natvar Bhavsar, a Painter's Journey" was made by Sundaram Tagore.
Personal life.
Bhavsar married American artist and photographer Janet Brosious Bhavsar in 1978, and they have twin sons. The Bhavsars met in art class in the early 1960s, and she drove him to New York City on his first visit in 1963 to look at Picasso paintings at the Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="19973097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973097" title="Radonice, Poland">
Radonice, Poland

Radonice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19973104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973104" title="Frank Froehling">
Frank Froehling

Frank Froehling (born May 19, 1942) is a former American tennis player. 
Froehling recorded a 46-5 career in singles matches and won nine singles titles during college career at Trinity University. He was also runner-up at U.S. National Tennis Championships in 1963. That year Froehling was ranked World No. 6 by Lance Tingay of The Daily Telegraph.

</doc>
<doc id="19973109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973109" title="Pańska Dolina">
Pańska Dolina

Pańska Dolina was a village in Gmina Młynów, Dubno County in Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939), before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland in September 1939.
The village was one of several points of Polish defence against the OUN-UPA murderous raids during the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945. The Polish self-defence unit represented mostly by Armia Krajowa managed to hold their position there till the arrival of the Red Army in 1944. The village offered protection to Polish and Jewish escapees from the area, provided food and shelter, and organised counter-attacks against the UPA attackers. 
The list of villages from the area that managed to defend themselves successfully against the genocide being committed by the Ukrainians include: Pańska Dolina, Zaturce, Huta Stara, Zasmyki, Dąbrowa, Dederkały, Rybcza, Jagodzin-Rymacze, Przebraże, Rożyszcze, Antonówka Szepelska, Bielm-Spaszczyzna, Witoldówka, Ostróg; as well as Młynów, Kurdybań Warkowicki, Lubomirka, Klewań, Rokitno, Budki Snowidowickie, and Osty.

</doc>
<doc id="19973122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973122" title="Fritz Henke">
Fritz Henke

Fritz Henke was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Henke was born on the 21 June 1921 in Oldendorf, in Lower Saxony. After school he had planned on being a Master craftsman, then on the 4 September 1939 he volunteered to join the SS.
He was posted to the 2nd Reserve Company of the SS Regiment "Germania" stationed at Langenhorn, Hamburg where he received training as a basic infantryman.
In May 1940 he started training as a Radio Operator and upon completion was posted to the Sturmgeschütz (StuG) Battery of the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" Regiment and participated in Operation Marita the Balkans Campaign.
In 1942 now in command of his own Sturmgeschütz, during heavy fighting around Shitomir he covered the withdrawal of the grenadiers during darkness after his own withdrawal had been prevented by Russian Infantry during which he destroyed 21 tanks and 11 anti tank guns. 
For these actions Henke was awarded the Knight's Cross promoted to Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant) and given command of a platoon in the 3rd Battery, 1st SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion.
In September 1943 he was sent to the SS officers training school and promoted to Untersturmführer. During the war he was wounded only once on 20 April 1945, just prior to surrendering to the Allies.
Henke died on 15 November 1999 and is buried at Moisburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19973143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973143" title="Happy Daze (compilation album)">
Happy Daze (compilation album)

Happy Daze is a compilation album of songs linked to the Madchester music genre distributed by Island Records in 1990.
Influence.
The Madchester sound had been developing during the later 1980s, from its nascent jangly sounds originally showcased on the NME's classic C86 cassette. By 1990, Madchester and related music was becoming more mainstream, but Happy Daze's release helped to crystallise awareness of the new overall Madchester sound by featuring tracks from several different yet converging forces. Although all have the 'Madchester spirit', by no means all the bands were from Manchester, The Shamen and The Soup Dragons being Scottish, The Charlatans from Northwich and the Pixies not being British at all (though they were very much 'adopted' by Brits of the time).
This has been seen as a criticism of the album, along with the glaring omission of songs by New Order or The Stone Roses and for not anticipating the imminent arrival of Grunge music. 
However the album's mythical aura continues to inspire nostalgia in fans of Madchester era music with some bloggers still remembering the 'happy daze of 1989/1990' in a semi-conscious reference to this album.

</doc>
<doc id="19973153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973153" title="Coloball 2002">
Coloball 2002


</doc>
<doc id="19973154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973154" title="Chapel of the Incarnation (Brandywine, Maryland)">
Chapel of the Incarnation (Brandywine, Maryland)

The Chapel of the Incarnation is an L-shaped church building of the Mission style. It is located at 14070 Brandywine Rd., Brandywine, Prince George's County, Maryland.
The cornerstone was laid in September 1916, and the chapel opened for Mass early in 1917. The chapel's architect, William J. Palmer, designed numerous residences and churches in Washington, D.C., prepared the plans and specifications for the church and attached Parish Hall. The Mission style may have been deemed appropriate to the church's status as a "mission chapel," or offshoot, of St. Thomas' Church in Croom, Maryland.
The chapel is constructed of poured-in-form concrete covered with a coarse pebble-filled stucco to resemble adobe. It is a one-story cross-gabled building with the entrance through the lower-gabled narthex. The structure is highlighted by a shaped parapet and bell tower. The interior is distinguished by its original altar balustrade and pulpit, and an ancient stone baptismal font brought from a church in England.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19973160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973160" title="Biathlon at the 1988 Winter Paralympics">
Biathlon at the 1988 Winter Paralympics

Biathlon at the 1988 Winter Paralympics consisted of three events for men.
Medal summary.
The competition event was:
The event had separate standing classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19973178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973178" title="Colonial Medal">
Colonial Medal

The Colonial Medal () was a French decoration created by the "loi de finances" of 26 July 1893 (article 75) to reward "military services in the colonies, resulting from participation in military operations, in a colony or a protectorate". A decree of 6 June 1962 changed the term "colonial" to "overseas" (see Overseas Medal).
Medal.
Introduced by the Finance Act of 23 July 1893, its implementing decree dated 6 March 1894 lists the military operations carried out by France in its colonies or protectorates (Algeria - Cochin - Gold Coast - Marquesas Islands - Nossi- Bé - New Caledonia - Senegal and Sudan - Society Islands - Tunisia). The scope of the decree was therefore a broad retroactive effect, since the first operations considered for the award of the Medal colonial dating back to 1827, at the very beginning of the conquest of Algeria.
Since then, numerous other regulations were made which amend or supplement the award of this medal. The most recent include the decree of June 6, 1962 which transformed the Médaille Coloniale to Médaille d'Outre-Mer.
The colonial medal is closely linked to the existence of the French colonial empire .
Article 4 of the Decree of 1894 establishes the design of the medal. The it is 30mm diameter in silver. On the obverse there is the helmeted effigy of the Republic with "République française" engraved above. On the reverse, a world map occupies the central field, resting on an anchor across a trophy of arms . The ribbon, is white and blue with vertical stripes. Its length can vary this from 35 to 37 mm.
The design of the medal is attributed to Capitaine de frégate Saulnier Pinellas, because the original award was for sailors. Its production had the distinction of being performed by the administration of the Paris Mint and a private company that was responsible for manufacturing the socket of the pendant ring leaves and clasps crimping indentations. The sets were to be delivered complete to the ministries of the Navy and War . The ribbon, the skewer assembly and assembly were also part of the supply.
The two departments then presented the medals to the recipients, with some delay as they were not always immediately available. The monopoly of the Paris Mint and the sluggishness of its administration thus created a boom for the private market, forcing the administration to allow the manufacture in "parallel" under the set forth specifications. Nevertheless, some marginal versions appeared.
In 1913, the Monnaie de Paris decided to fully bear the manufacture of the Colonial Medal. The second type sees its official medal redrawn and engraved by G. Lindauer. The engraving of Georges Lemaire is recessed so that the first official type, it was relief. The foliage becomes single-sided pendant ring and the sleeve is formed of two truncated cones. For a very short period Hinged clips are rounded instead of being indented. There were many contemporary manufacturers. 
Campaign Clasps.
Campaign clasps which could be attached to medals awarded for service in overseas or colonial possessions include:
Recipients.
With campaign clasp, if applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="19973180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973180" title="Magma Pictures">
Magma Pictures

Magma Pictures Ltd. is a film production company based in the United Kingdom, founded in 2004 by directors James Walker and Ed Boase who have been working together in the film industry for ten years. Magma Pictures is based in London. Magma Pictures' educational sister company is Young Film Academy.Magma Pictures specialises in Feature films and Corporate films.
History.
Founded in 2004 Magma Pictures' films have been shown in over fifty festivals worldwide and broadcast on BBC Four, HTV, Canal+ and Rai 1, among others. Their awards include Best UK Short (Raindance Film Festival), Cocotte-Minute Grand Prix (Brest International Film Festival) and Best Director (Capalbio International Film Festival). James Walker (director) graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge in 2001. He was nominated for the London Writer's Award in 2002 and won the King's Cross New Writing Award, 2004. He has since been commissioned by the National Theatre and is presently writing for television. Ed Boase (director) graduated from the London College of Printing in 2001. His latest short film Home Video was shortlisted for Best Newcomer at the prestigious Rushes Short Film Festival and won the Silver Melies award at the Leeds International Film Festival 2006. Magma Pictures first feature film is Blooded which received UK theatrical and DVD realise in April 2011.
Films.
Magma's films include:
Screening.
Screened on BBC Four, HTV, Canal +, Rai Uno.
Blooded.
In June 2008, directors Ed Boase and James Walker completed principal photography on their first feature film, "Blooded", set on the Isle of Mull in Scotland. The film, made alongside collaborator Nick Ashdon (Ptarmigan ACP), had a UK release on 1 April 2011 by Revolver Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19973197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973197" title="Villains (Heroes)">
Villains (Heroes)

"Villains" is the eighth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and forty-second episode overall. Instead of the usual title screen with the show's name it uses a similar screen, replacing the word "Heroes" with the episode's name.
Plot.
Hiro's drug-induced vision quest sends him back 18 months to the Petrelli parents' anniversary party. Nathan is still an Assistant District Attorney, Peter is a hospice nurse, and Linderman is in the house conspiring with Arthur to stop Nathan's investigation. Arthur confirms that if he cannot be stopped, he will be killed. Arthur does try to convince Nathan to give up the Linderman case, but fails - leading to the car accident seen in Six Months Ago, when Nathan's wife Heidi was paralyzed.
Later, Angela overhears Arthur and Linderman lament their failed murder attempt. As she panics and threatens Arthur, he places the thought in her head that Nathan has to die. Linderman, however, is more remorseful, and offers to heal Angela's scars from the many times Arthur has forced thoughts into her head. Remembering Arthur's plans to murder Nathan, she uses the Haitian to dampen Arthur's abilities, and poisons his food at dinner. Before they can dispose of the body, Nathan arrives and calls for an ambulance. At the hospital, a doctor tells Angela and Nathan that Arthur is dead, and Angela immediately orders a cremation. It is soon revealed, however, that the doctor was working for Arthur. The doctor announces to Arthur that he will be permanently paralyzed.
In another vision, Hiro is transported to Memphis one year ago, where Claire's biological mother Meredith and her brother, who is revealed to be level 5 escapee Flint, are robbing a convenience store. They are soon interrupted by Company Agent Thompson. Meredith allows Flint to escape, getting herself captured in the process. However, rather than being a prisoner, Thompson offers her the chance to become a Company Agent. She agrees, and they are soon on their first mission, which is successful, with her help.
Back at the Company, Meredith learns that Flint was also captured by an invisible man. He also proudly proclaims that he is going to be an agent too, and the siblings will be able to work together. Understanding that the company is just using them, Meredith breaks Flint out of prison to flee the country together. Thompson follows them, and tries to recapture them in a train car filled with gas canisters. Meredith explodes the car, allowing Flint to escape, as well as causing a massive train wreck.
Thompson asks why Meredith hates the company, and she explains that her daughter died as she tried to escape them. Knowing that Claire is in fact still alive, he lets her go. Claire is then seen rushing into the train wreck to save a man, revealing it to be the same train wreck from the episode Genesis.
In Hiro's third vision, he sees the history of Sylar. After killing his first victim in Six Months Ago, Gabriel Gray is trying to hang himself. Elle shows up in the nick of time to save him, using her ability to break the noose. Unfortunately for Gabriel, she's not there by accident - she's on orders from Noah to spy on him and install hidden cameras in his apartment, as the Company wants to understand Gabriel's rare ability to transfer powers from one vessel to another.
Elle returns to Gabriel's apartment later with pie, and begins to flirt with him, keeping her ability a secret. He reveals his stolen power of telekinesis, and explains that there are others like him, showing her some of the names he got from Chandra Suresh's map. Gabriel also tells her of his hunger for powers. Elle begins to develop real feelings for him, and requests that the Company move on, saying he's no longer a killer. But Bennet still wants to see Gabriel use his ability, so makes Elle introduce Sylar to Trevor Zeitlan, who can make items explode by pointing at them.
Elle repeatedly calls Trevor's ability special, until Gabriel gets angry and throws Trevor against a wall. Elle tries to stop him with her power, but only makes Gabriel angrier in his discovery that she had lied to him. He demands that she leave, and proceeds to kill Trevor by slicing open his head. Elle is furious that they forced Gabriel to become a killer when they could have saved him, but Noah brushes it off as nothing, as they were only following orders. He then gets into Mohinder's cab, in another scene from Genesis.
In the present, Hiro wakes up and realizes they must warn Angela about Arthur's survival. He begins to hear screams and he and Ando exit the hut. He is quickly stopped, however, as he finds the decapitated body of Usutu lying on the ground. He continues to move forward, finding the head. He turns to find Arthur Petrelli, who proceeds to exclaim, "I understand you've been dreaming about me." and lays his hands on Hiro's head, causing him to scream.
Critical Reception.
Josh Modell of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C+.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.3 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19973198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973198" title="Williamsburg Historic District">
Williamsburg Historic District

Williamsburg Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19973200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973200" title="Boingz">
Boingz

Boingz is a WiiWare game developed by NinjaBee and published by RealNetworks that was released on November 24, 2008. It costs 1000 Wii Points.
Overview.
"Boingz" sees the player trying to help creatures lost on an alien world by helping them find the magical gates that will take them home. The game will feature 30 side scrolling levels.
Using the Wii Remote, the players is able to flick around stretchy alien creatures by grabbing their antenna and pulling it in an opposite direction to launch them around the platforms. Around the level are additional creatures to flick around and use to solve puzzles. The player can also stretch the creature out and attach a thumbtack to their antenna to attach objects to them in order to pick up items and to pull down weights to open doors to other areas. However, the player will also have to find and collect Twinklies to power-up their creatures' elastic-power.
Reception.
IGN gave it a 7/10, calling the game "fun and unique" with "satisfyingly clever" gameplay mechanics and level design, though they also weren't impressed by the presentation. 1UP.com gave it a C- grade, calling the idea "clever" but with gameplay that "steadily gives way to restless fatigue" and graphics that are "a complete eyesore".

</doc>
<doc id="19973203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973203" title="CF Vimenor">
CF Vimenor

Club de Fútbol Vimenor is a football team based in Vioño de Piélagos, Piélagos in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1929 as a section of the factory "Vimenor" ("VIdriera MEcánica del NORte"), the team plays in Tercera División – Group 3. The club's home ground is "La Vidriera", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19973207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973207" title="Casual Sex in the Cineplex">
Casual Sex in the Cineplex

Casual Sex in the Cineplex is the debut album by The Sultans of Ping FC, recorded for Rhythm King and released in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19973208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973208" title="Johnny Carver">
Johnny Carver

Johnny Carver (born November 24, 1940 in Jackson, Mississippi) is an American country music artist. Between 1968 and 1977, he charted fifteen Top 40 hits on the "Billboard" country charts. His highest-charting single was a cover of Tony Orlando's "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree", a cover that reached No. 1 for him in 1974. He also had cover success with his version of the Starland Vocal Band's "Afternoon Delight." Carver lives today in rural Wilson County, Tn.
Biography.
Early Life & Rise to Fame.
Carver grew up in a rural area near Jackson, MS, and sang in a local country gospel quartet with his family. He went on to form his own band, the "Capital Cowboys", which were sponsored by an ice-cream company. Carver embarked on his first national tour in 1959, playing at clubs and fairs, and moved to Los Angeles in 1965, where he made regular appearances on local television and led the house band at the Palomino Club with such performers as Buck Owens, Johnny Cash, Patsy Cline, Linda Ronstadt, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Hoyt Axton, Willie Nelson, Merle Haggard, and Jerry Lee Lewis. 
Carver was discovered by future Rock 'n Roll Hall of Famer, Del Shannon, who got Carver a deal with Imperial Records. His debut single, for Imperial, was "Think About Her All The Time" b / w "One Way Or The Other" (Imperial 66173) in mid-1966. Both sides were written, produced and arranged by Shannon, who was a longtime fan of Country music. Carver's composition "New Lips" was recorded by Roy Drusky in 1967. His self-titled debut album was released later that year, and contained the minor hit "Your Lily White Hands"; he had a few more modest successes with Country-pop offerings like 1968's "I Still Didn't Have the Sense to Go" and 1969's "That's Your Hang Up."
Later Career & Success.
In 1972, he moved to ABC and had a major country hit with a version of Tony Orlando and Dawn's "Tie A Yellow Ribbon 'Round the Ole Oak Tree." A string of Top 40 country hits followed over the next five years, including the Top Tens "You Really Haven't Changed" (1973), "Don't Tell (That Sweet Old Lady of Mine)" (1974), and another country cover of a pop hit, the Starland Vocal Band's "Afternoon Delight" (1976). Carver's last Top 40 hit was 1977's "Living Next Door to Alice," and his final charting single was a 1981 cover of ABBA's "S.O.S." He subsequently became a regular performer in Branson, MO.
Awards.
Critical response of Johnny Carver has always been positive. He has been awarded with many honors:

</doc>
<doc id="19973213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973213" title="James Cavanagh">
James Cavanagh

James Cavanagh refers to:
James M. Cavanaugh, (1823–1879), an American Representative from Minnesota 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19973233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973233" title="Åre railway station">
Åre railway station

Åre railway station is a railway station located at Åre in Åre Municipality, Sweden on the Mittbanan railway. The first station building was opened in 1881 and designed by Adolf W. Edelsvärd. In 2006 a new station building was opened some hundred metres east of the old, just months before the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2007 started.

</doc>
<doc id="19973234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973234" title="Mustafa Pektemek">
Mustafa Pektemek

Mustafa Pektemek (born 11 August 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a striker for Beşiktaş in the Süper Lig. He has represented Turkey in the youth squad, along with a senior debut against Slovakia on 29 February 2012.
After breaking his leg at the start of the 2010–11 Süper Lig season, he scored on his first appearance back for Gençlerbirliği six months later, scoring in a 1-0 win against İstanbul B.B. On 27 May 2011 Beşiktaş announced that Pektemek has been transferred from Gençlerbirliği for €4 million.
During the first derby match on the second week of the 2012 - 2013 season against rivals Galatasaray he suffered a knee injury, leaving the match immediately. He has been announced injured for 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="19973241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973241" title="Sandrone Dazieri">
Sandrone Dazieri

Sandrone Dazieri (born November 4, 1964) is a popular Italian crime writer. His most famous work is the Gorilla series, an episode of which was also dramatized as a television film.
Biography.
He was born in Cremona in 1964. He graduated at San Pellegrino Terme hotel-management school and worked as a cook for ten years, all around Italy.
After having moved to Milan he started working in a number of jobs, from seller to porter, and played a very active role in the movement of Milan social centers.
In 1992 he got closer to publishing working as a proofreader for Telepress editorial service, and after five years he was appointed general manager of Milan branch. He also worked as a freelance journalist and collaborated with Manifesto as an expert of counterculture and genre fiction.
In 1999 he achieved his first popular success with the thriller "Attenti al gorilla (Watch Out For The Gorilla)", the first in a best-seller series, where the main character is a sort of doppelgänger of Dazieri himself, living the nightlife in Milan with all the ensuing troubles.
Dazieri's books are renowned for the rocambolesque adventures in which Sandrone (the main character has the author's name too) is continuously involved, in an irrefrenable but never fatalistic destiny. It is in fact Sandrone's personality that always drives him to assist the weak and derelict, those who have lost all hope for help but for the Gorilla's saving hand. Among a thousand contradictions, he'll confront all sorts of dangers, in the best tradition of hardboiled thrillers, and aided by his "alter ego" called Socio (the rational side of Sandrone, in a split-personality condition), our hero will happily finalise and conclude many chilling and hair-raising situations.
He wrote two other noir novels ("La cura del Gorilla" Einaudi - "Gorilla Blues" Strade Blu Mondadori), a novel for kids ("Disney Avventura"), some scripts for comics ("Pinocchio, Diabolik") and many short stories.
His last novels are: "E' stato un attimo" (Mondadori Strade Blu 2006, translated into English and published by Hersilia Press in 2012), "Cemento Armato" (ed.Mondadori 2007) and" Bestie" (VerdeNero edizioni ambiente 2007).
He is also a scriptwriter; among his films are "La cura del Gorilla" (from the same book) directed by Carlo A. Sigon and interpreted by Claudio Bisio, "Un gioco da ragazze" directed by Matteo Rovere and "L'ultima Battuta", a TV movie.
With Italian film director Gabriele Salvatores and producer Maurizio Totti, Dazieri founded in 2004 the publishing house Colorado Noir.
From 2000 to 2004 he was also the chief editor of the crime series Gialli Mondadori "(Mondadori Thrillers)" and the catalogue for young readers Libri per Ragazzi Mondadori "(Mondadori Books for Youth)". He is currently a literary consultant to the Mondadori Publishing House.

</doc>
<doc id="19973244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973244" title="Malcolm's Tower">
Malcolm's Tower

Malcolm's Tower is a traditionally accepted as a historic site in the Scottish city of Dunfermline. The tower stood on a highly defensible peninsular outcrop of rock above a deep ravine and is the site from which the city derives its name. It was effectively the seat of royal power in Scotland after Malcolm III of Scotland shifted the centre of government from Forteviot to Dunfermline in the mid 11th century. The site was also close to a religious centre which had begun as an Culdee establishment in the 9th century. The first mention of the tower in the historical record is from 1070 when Malcolm III married his queen, Princess Margaret. As queen, Margaret introduced innovations which changed the course and identity of the Church in Scotland. Not far to the east of the tower's location are the remains of Dunfermline Abbey and later royal palace. 
All that survives of the tower today are foundational fragments of wall, but an image of the building was adopted at an early date as the burgh arms for Dunfermline. Old wax seals suggest it to have been a building of two storeys with an attic. It might have contained around twenty small apartments. Before the western access road to Dunfermline was built, Malcolm's Tower would have been an almost impregnable fortress, perhaps rather like a broch, and this almost certainly explains Dunfermline's motto "Esto rupes inaccessa" (Be an inaccessible rock). 
The opening lines of the traditional "Ballad of Sir Patrick Spens" are thought to refer to the tower:
The King sits in Dunfermling Toun
Drynking the bluid-red wyne …

</doc>
<doc id="19973255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973255" title="Book Rights Registry">
Book Rights Registry

The Book Rights Registry is an entity to be founded as part of a settlement of the lawsuit between the Authors Guild and Google over the Google Books scanning project. The Registry will be initially funded by $34.5 million from Google but it will be an independent, not-for-profit organization that collects and disburses revenue from third party users of content (e.g. Google Book Search) to authors, publishers and other rightsholders. According to the Settlement Agreement, the Registry will own and maintain a rights information database for all books (and parts of books) covered by the Agreement and their authors and publishers. It will also resolve disputes between rightsholders.
Michael Healy, the current head (as of September 2009) of the Book Industry Study Group, is slated to become the new head of the Registry.
Authors Guild president Roy Blount, Jr. described it as "the writers' equivalent of ASCAP."
Criticism.
The Open Book Alliance – whose members include American Society of Journalists and Authors, Internet Archive, Amazon, Yahoo, National Writers Union and New York Library Association among others – maintain the deal would create a de facto exclusive license for Google because the deal grants no rights to the BRR to license books to competitors – copyright owners will have to license Google’s competitors voluntarily, while Google gets an involuntary, virtual compulsory license through class action process. As a result, only Google receives a license to “orphan books”, whose owners won’t show up to license competitors and which comprise an estimated 70% of books. In short, the settlement all but guarantees that Google would have permanent competitive advantages around comprehensiveness and cost. This is one reason why the Department of Justice is investigating the proposed deal and numerous non-profit organizations, academics and other stakeholders have condemned it.
Pam Samuelson, UC Berkeley Professor of Law says "Libraries everywhere are terrified that Google will engage in price-gouging when setting prices for institutional subscriptions to "the works"

</doc>
<doc id="19973263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973263" title="Overseas Medal">
Overseas Medal

The Overseas Medal () is a commemorative or campaign medal issued to members of the French Armed Forces for participating in operations outside national territory. It replaced the French Colonial Medal by decree on 6 June 1962. 
Campaign Clasp.
The areas of service are indicated by a gilt silver campaign clasp, there are currently 13 available:

</doc>
<doc id="19973274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973274" title="Bobby Creekwater">
Bobby Creekwater

Antione Rogers (born November 20, 1982), better known by his stage name Bobby Creekwater, is an American rapper and hip-hop producer from Atlanta, Georgia who is a former member of Shady Records.
Biography.
Creekwater was born and raised in various parts of Atlanta, Georgia, and its surrounding area. He attended Clark Atlanta University for one year before leaving to pursue his music career. He and Charlie Jangles formed the hip hop duo Jatis, which was signed to Columbia Records and then Loud Records, but Loud was shut down before Jatis could release an album.
As an unsigned artist in 2004, Creekwater appeared with Aasim on the song "Anyway", from P-Money's album "Magic City". Creekwater was noticed by Shady Records when label executives heard him rapping on a demo by Aasim. Shady Records president Eminem was more interested in Creekwater than Aasim and, in mid-2005, signed him to his label.
In late 2005, Creekwater released a mixtape, "Anthem to the Streets". "Newsweek" described the recording in positive terms, saying it "delivers drug-peddling tales over the cheeriest possible dance tracks. "Sesame Street" sings crack rap."
In March 2006, he was one of the celebrity panelists at the Detroit Hip-Hop Summit on Financial Empowerment.
On December 5, 2006, Eminem released "Eminem Presents the Re-Up", a mixtape-turned-album created to promote Shady Records' newest members: Stat Quo, Creekwater, and Cashis. Creekwater appears on five tracks, including remixes of Eminem and Nate Dogg's "Shake That" and Eminem and Akon's "Smack That". The album received mixed reviews. The "Los Angeles Times" wrote that Creekwater "sounds like a demonic André 3000", and the "New York Daily News" said he "has a deep tone and a smooth enough flow, revealed best on the jazz-funk 'There He Is'." The "Sunday Mercury" wrote that Creekwater is "easily the best of the three" new signings.
In 2007 he released two mixtapes, "Anthem 2 Da Streetz II" and "Back to Briefcase". "The Washington Post"'s critic, in writing about the single "Acid Reign", said Creekwater "threatens to usurp T.I.'s throne as King of the South with effortless rhymes and slow-burning brio."
He is currently working on his debut album, "A Brilliant Mistake". The album's executive producer is Eminem. Tracks will be produced by Mr. Porter, The Alchemist, and Don Cannon.
In May 2009, Bobby Creekwater released his second EP in six months. The BC Era Deuce, the follow-up to the BC Era EP, was initially scheduled for a limited edition physical release on March 4, but was pushed back to March 18 and then to May 1 so that more features could be added. It was released via Creekwater's imprint, BGOV, Inc., and contained a collection of eleven new tracks, featuring production by Creekwater, as well.
As of August 14, Bobby Creekwater has left Shady Records. His song, "The Day I Got Dropped," clarified the situation, explaining that he did not get dropped by the label.
In 2014 Creekwater is scheduled to release his newest project "I Am From A Place" via his imprint/label UDCC Inc.
Influences.
Creekwater is heavily influenced by fellow Atlanta group OutKast and has stated that he believes OutKast-member André 3000 to be the greatest emcee of all time. In April 2010, Creekwater released, "Da Art of Storytellin' Pt.5" in tribute to the group.
Discography.
Compilation appearances.
"Eminem Presents the Re-Up" (2006, Shady Records)
"Chemistry Files Vol.1" (2006, The Alchemist, ALC Records)
"The Cutting Room Floor Vol. 2" (2008, The Alchemist, ALC Records)
"Say You Will" (Remix) (Stat Quo feat. Bobby Creekwater) 
"Crack a Bottle" (Shady Remix) (Eminem feat. Cashis & Bobby Creekwater)
Guest appearances.
P-Money – "Magic City" (2004, Dirty Records)
Skinny & Scales (Nappy Roots) – "40 Akerz" (2009, Atlantic Records)

</doc>
<doc id="19973281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973281" title="Nightchild">
Nightchild

"Not to be confused with the song "Nightchild", by Swedish metal band Sabaton.
Nightchild is a fantasy novel by James Barclay. It was first published in the UK in 2001. It is the third book in the Chronicles of The Raven series.
Cast of Characters.
The Raven.
Denser - "Xeteskian Mage"
Erienne - "Dordovan Mage"
Hirad Coldheart - "Barbarian Warrior"
The Unknown Warrior - "Warrior"
Ilkar - "Julatsan Mage"
The Colleges.
Dystran - "Lord of the Mount, Xetesk"
Vuldaroq - "Tower Lord, Dordover"
Heryst - "Lord Elder Mage, Lystern"
Sytkan - "Lord Mage, Xetesk"
Ry Darrick - "General, Lysternan Cavalry"
Aeb - "A Protector"
Lyanna - "Erienne's Daughter"
The Soldiers, Sailors and Earls.
Ren'erei - "Guild of Drech"
Tryuun - "Guild of Drech"
Jasto Arlen - "Earl of Arlen"
Selik - "Captain of the Black Wings"
Jevin - "Captain of the Calaian Sun"
The Al-Drechar.
Ephemere
Cleress
Myriell
Aviana
The Kaan.
Sha-Kaan - "Great Kaan"
Hyn-Kaan
Nos-Kaan

</doc>
<doc id="19973283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973283" title="Ústí nad Labem Zoo">
Ústí nad Labem Zoo

Ústí nad Labem Zoological Gardens is a zoo located on the edge of Krásné Březno, close to the centre of the city of Ústí nad Labem in the Czech Republic. The gardens cover an area of , and lets visitors view rare and endangered species of animals such as orangutans, Somali donkeys, rhinoceroses, and Malaysian sun bears. Open throughout the year, the gardens host regular displays—the training of sea lions, a parade of elephants through the gardens, flying display of birds of prey, rides on ponies, and a range of other activities.
The zoo is a member of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA), the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA), and the Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens (UCSZ).
Both the upper gate (Dobetice) and the lower main gate (Krásné Březno) include ticket offices, but during the winter season the upper ticket office is closed.
History.
The Zoo in Ústí was founded in 1908 by Heinrich Lumpe, a businessman and dealer in metal goods, and a respected ornithologist and nature lover. Lumpe purchased of land and set up a private bird sanctuary that was known as Lumpepark. On this property, he built the Little Dwarf castle, a system of cascades and waterfalls, and a lake with a fountain in the lower part of the property. In 1914 the park was opened to the public.
After Lumpe's death in 1936, the park was kept up, largely thanks to the senior gardener and other staff. After World War II, the Czech Republic took over the park and turned it into a zoo. The new cages and paddocks were installed, and the area was gradually enlarged to its current .
In the 1970s the zoo started updating their exhibits, with glass replacing bars and more spacious paddocks for the animals.
Animals.
The zoo is home to about 1,500 animals of 240 species, many of them under the framework of the European Breeding Programmes.
Other attractions.
for children, the zoo includes “Children’s World” (which contains models of animals with slides), the “Children’s ZOO” (a petting zoo with domesticated animals), and “Dinosaur Nature Trail” (with models of prehistoric animals).
In 2007 the zoo opened ZooTrain, a tram that (for a fee) transports visitors from the lower to the upper entrance of the zoo. In 2010 the zoo opened a restaurant in the lower part of the zoo, which is open to zoo visitors but also has a separate entrance for people who only want to come to the restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="19973287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973287" title="Norrköping Central Station">
Norrköping Central Station

Norrköping Central Station () is a railway station located at Norrköping in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden. It is located on the Southern Main Line, which runs from Katrineholm to Malmö.

</doc>
<doc id="19973292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973292" title="Kiyoshi Ijichi">
Kiyoshi Ijichi

He met fellow band members Masafumi Gotō, Kensuke Kita, and Takahiro Yamada while attending Kanto Gakuin University in 1996. Unlike the others, Ijichi had prior band experience and was a member of another college band when approached by the three. After parting ways with his old band, Ijichi joined Gotō, Kita, and Yamada to form Asian Kung-Fu Generation and the four have been together ever since. 
Aside from drumming, Ijichi is a skilled pianist and can be heard playing an excerpt of "Claire de Lune" from Debussy's "Suite bergamasque" for the intro of "Moonlight." He has a degree in engineering and his favourite bands are Brian Setzer, Link, King Bee and Hi-Standard. In comparison to his bandmates, Ijichi is fairly indifferent towards British alternative rock, instead preferring American and Japanese punk rock. He is the only member of the group who listens to heavy metal. Kiyoshi is a part of a small number of Japanese Christians.
He also plays drums in the band Phono Tones.

</doc>
<doc id="19973300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973300" title="Anti-voting">
Anti-voting

Anti-voting is an existing philosophy about why voting under systems with particular qualities is an irrational form of action that has no efficient means of influencing actual decision-makers and power-brokers, the policies they implement and the resulting society that is shaped by said policies and practices.
Anti-voting members are not against the democratic possibility, but instead, disillusioned that an existing one is truly what it claims to be. They often argue that they are more for democracy than the voting public that they feel participates in a system that is fallacious logically and creates a passive sense of accomplishment that is instead empty of power, empty of any direct influence on general social decision making.
Members of the part of the population who find these ideas to be most true often cause strong and emotional reactions in voting publics, and are accused of apathy, nihilism, pessimism and passivity. They are also accused of invoking in those who believe in voting resulting hopelessness, depression and suicidal ideation.
Argument.
One form of argument focuses on the lack of openness in certain systems, a locking out of a minority or disenfranchised part of the population:
Other argument centers around the innate corruption of the political process whereby only a small minority of the public functions as decision makers, decision makers who are strongly influenced by non-political processes such as big lobbying by organizations interested in marketing and profits, and other forces that are geared towards military ends:
Or:
Still another approach to this philosophy of voting protest centers about the control of the physical and technical voting machinery:
One last form of argument claims that elections that are already determined by the preferences and preconditions of a frame of population presents a lack of motivation for a single voter, since their personal participation presents a very low probability of any effect in the vote's outcome. E.g., U.S. states that have been strongly Democratic for one hundred years will likely stay that way, statistically speaking, despite any individual actions. Only an unlikely catastrophic event, a type of deus ex machina, would cause a case that was otherwise. This people often argue for and participate in local elections, whereby their significance is relevant and influential.

</doc>
<doc id="19973307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973307" title="Philip J. Berg">
Philip J. Berg

Philip Jay Berg (born April 13, 1944) is an American attorney who brought a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) lawsuit charging president George W. Bush and 154 others with complicity in the 9/11 attacks, and another suit challenging the eligibility of Barack Obama to become President of the United States.
Berg, whose office is in Lafayette Hill, Pennsylvania, is a former chairman of the Democratic Party of Montgomery County, in suburban Philadelphia and a former member of the Democrat State Committee. He is a paid life member of the NAACP.
He is a former deputy attorney general of Pennsylvania.
On June 19, 2013, Berg's license to practice law in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was suspended for two years.
Activism.
Berg has involved himself with several controversial political cases. In 2001 he demanded the disbarment of U.S. Supreme Court Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia, and Clarence Thomas due to their participation in the case Bush v. Gore. In 2004, Berg filed a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) lawsuit on behalf of a World Trade Center maintenance worker against President George W. Bush and others alleging that the Bush and certain government officials conspired to bring about the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. The federal district court dismissed the suit. He challenged President George W. Bush on his right to conduct a war against terror and another against Saddam Hussein without a congressional authorization.
Malpractice and ethics violations.
Berg was sued for legal malpractice by former clients on whose behalf Berg had neglected to file a response to a complaint in an ERISA lawsuit, resulting in a default judgment being entered against the former clients. Berg responded by bringing into the malpractice suit the plaintiffs in the ERISA action on a claim of fraud upon the court. The ERISA plaintiffs moved for summary judgment—which was granted after Berg failed to respond to the motion—and then moved for sanctions against Berg. Berg again failed to file a response.
On June 2, 2005, U.S. District Judge J. Curtis Joyner granted the motion for sanctions, finding that the fraud claim "was inadequately pled, not grounded in fact, time-barred, and utterly irrelevant to the pending malpractice action against him." Observing that an attorney's signature on a complaint constitutes, among other things, a certification that the signer has conducted a reasonable inquiry into the grounds for the claim asserted, the court further found that "even the most limited investigation would have revealed that had no standing to raise such a claim." The court also found that Berg's claim was motivated by a "desire to harass" and "delay litigation." The court fined Berg $10,000 and ordered him to attend six hours of ethics training.
On June 19, 2013, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ordered Berg suspended for two years for neglecting the 2006 federal lawsuit, stating that he filed the lawsuit on the last day for filing and subsequently "did virtually nothing to prosecute his client's claim," resulting in the case being dismissed. Berg then failed to notify his client of the dismissal and "over the next two years . . . mostly ignored his client's requests for updates" while leading her "to believe that her case was still viable." As aggravating factors in supporting the suspension, it was noted that Berg failed to "express adequate remorse" or apologize to the client. Also noted was his extensive disciplinary history, including a private reprimand in 2005 for commingling funds, an informal admonition in 2006 for neglect of a matter that resulted in dismissal of a client's case and a private reprimand and one year probation imposed in 2008 for failing to pursue a workers' compensation matter.
In January 2014, Berg resigned from the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States after it had previously ordered him to explain why he should not be expelled. Berg stated his intention to reapply for membership once the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania restored his law license.
RICO lawsuit, Rodriguez v. Bush.
In October 2004, Berg filed Rodriguez v. Bush, accusing the President of the United States and 155 other parties of complicity in the 9/11 attacks.
This 237-page civil lawsuit included allegations pursuant to the RICO (Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act) against The United States Of America, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Homeland Security, George Herbert Walker Bush, George Walker Bush, Richard Cheney, Donald H. Rumsfeld,and numerous others, totaling 156 defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
This lawsuit made hundreds of allegations including allegations that the Twin Towers were destroyed by means of "controlled demolitions;" that members of the FDNY were ordered, on instructions of the CIA, not to talk about it; that the FDNY conspired with Larry Silverstein to deliberately destroy 7WTC; that projectiles were fired at the Twin Towers from “pods” affixed to the underside of the planes that struck them; that FEMA is working with the US government to create “American Gulag” concentration camps which FEMA will run once the federal government’s plan to impose martial law is in place; that phone calls made by some of the victims, as reported by their family members, were not actually made but were "faked" by the government using "voice morphing" technology; that a missile, not American Airlines Flight 77, struck the Pentagon; that United Airlines Flight 93 was shot down by the U.S. military; that the defendants had foreknowledge of the attacks and actively conspired to bring them about; that the defendants engaged in kidnapping, arson, murder, treason, conspiracy, trafficking in narcotics, embezzlement, securities fraud, insider trading, identity and credit card theft, blackmail, trafficking in humans, and the abduction and sale of women and children for sex.
The matter was transferred to the Southern District of New York on May 2, 2005.
On June 26, 2006, the court dismissed the claims against the USA, DHS, and FEMA, and gave the plaintiff until July 7, 2006 to show cause why his lawsuit should not be dismissed with respect to the other 153 defendants.
The plaintiff failed to do so, and the court dismissed all of the claims against all of the remaining 153 defendants on July 17, 2006.
Lawsuit concerning Barack Obama.
Berg filed a complaint in federal district court on August 21, 2008, against Democratic Party presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama, the Democratic National Committee and the Federal Election Commission, alleging that Obama was born actually in Mombasa, Kenya and that the "Certification of Live Birth" on Obama's website is a forgery. The court dismissed the complaint as "frivolous and not worthy of discussion." The judge also found that the harm Berg alleged did "not constitute an injury in fact" and that Berg's arguments to the contrary "ventured into the unreasonable." Berg filed a petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court and also sought an injunction to suspend the election. The injunction was denied by Justice David Souter on November 3, 2008. Berg also sought an application for injunction pending the disposition of the petition for writ of certiorari; Justice Souter denied it, Berg refiled and submitted it to Justice Anthony Kennedy (who denied it), then refiled and submitted it to Justice Antonin Scalia, who referred it to the Court. On January 12, 2009, the Supreme Court denied Berg's petition for writ of certiorari, and on January 21 the Court denied the application for injunction.

</doc>
<doc id="19973312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973312" title="St. Paul's Parish Church (Brandywine, Maryland)">
St. Paul's Parish Church (Brandywine, Maryland)

St. Paul's Church, also known as St. Paul's Church, Baden, or St. Paul's Parish, Prince George's County, is located at 13500 Baden-Westwood Road, in Baden, a community near Brandywine in Prince George's County, Maryland. It was originally constructed in 1733–1735. A porch on the north side was enclosed in 1769, and in 1793 an addition of 26 by 30 feet was made to the south side. The Bishop's Window, a memorial to Bishop Thomas John Claggett, is at the chancel window. In 1921 the sanctuary was widened and the chancel deepened.
St. Paul's Church is significant in the history of the Episcopal Church in Maryland for several reasons. First, the perpetuation of this church has provided a record of the religious life of its founders and the generations who followed beginning in 1733. Secondly, St. Paul's illustrates the evolution of a small, rural, colonial church into an American-style cruciform structure. Third, St. Paul's also demonstrates the part that agriculture, particularly of tobacco, played in the 18th century history of the Church of England in Maryland.
The building is a brick structure laid up in Flemish bond with a pattern of glazed headers where the brickwork has not been altered. The plan is a Latin cross, with a nave two bays long and transept arms one bay long; the present apse is an alteration.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
History of St. Paul's Parish.
In 1692, the Church of England became the established church of the Province of Maryland through an Act of the General Assembly. Ten counties had been established in the colony, and those counties were divided into 30 parishes. St. Paul's Parish was one of these first 30. From 1692 until Prince George’s County was created in 1696, it was in 
Calvert County.
In 1704, St. Paul’s Parish was divided by the General Assembly and the northern part became Queen Anne Parish, while the remainder continued as St. Paul's Parish.
St. Paul's Parish is one of 4 of the original 30 with that name. The others are St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church (Baltimore, Maryland), St. Paul's Church, Centreville, Maryland and St. Paul's Church (Fairlee, Maryland).

</doc>
<doc id="19973313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973313" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics consisted of 38 events, 23 for men and 15 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19973320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973320" title="Atherton Community Schools">
Atherton Community Schools

Atherton High School is a public school in Burton, Michigan.
Atherton Community School District is one of five public school districts serving Burton Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. Atherton School District runs three schools: Atherton High School, Atherton Middle School and Vern Van Y. School. The total school district has about 1,025 Students. There are approximately 61 teachers that are employed there.
History.
Atherton opened as a one-room log schoolhouse at Atherton and Center roads corner in 1836 within the then newly formed Flint Township, Michigan (later Township of Burton, now City of Burton) for the Atherton Settlement just founded a year before. The school district is named after the first teacher, Betsey Atherton, daughter of Adonijah Atherton—one of the town’s first settlers. Betsey died a few months later. The district in 1878 had funding of $1,832, 17 teachers and eight schoolhouses.
Four elementary schools eventual replaced the eight schoolhouses: Fisk, H.W. Medler, Metzger and Herbst. Those elementary schools operated until the late 1960s. Fisk was on Manor Drive and is currently a daycare. The remaining two, Metzger on Sitka Street and Herbst on Clarice Street, were demolished. Medler became the high school which graduated its first class in 1954. The current Atherton High School was built in 1965 next to Medler. Medler then became the middle school until 1969 when the middle school opened south of the high school. Medler then held sixth grade students only. Medler was hit by lightning in the early morning hours in the summer of 1977, causing the back half of the building to burn down. H.W. Medler was on Genesee Road and is currently a charter school. 
On December 9, 2003, a consolidation vote for the three all Burton school districts took place with Atherton and Bentley voters in favor of consolidation and Bendle voters not in favor. In 2003, a plan of merger was accepted by the State Superintendent of Education between Atherton and Bentley School Districts, which subsequently failed at the election. The School District celebrated their 175th year in 2011, making the school about 1 year older than the State of Michigan itself.
In February 2013, a discussion arose among Board members about closing down Vern Van Y Elementary School. This is because of financial problems as well as decline in student count. If Van Y is closed, Kindergarten - 3rd Graders will be moved to the Middle School while 7th and 8th graders will be moved to the High School.
Sports.
Atherton High School is a class C school district.
Board of Education.
2013 Board Members
Jamie Johnston is principal of both Atherton Middle and High Schools.
Susanne Carpenter is principal of Van Y Elementary School.
Extra Curricular Activities.
Atherton Middle and High Schools both host a variety of after school programs, mostly by 21st Century.
Atherton Middle School has 3 Youth leadership groups; National Junior Honor Society, YES Projects, and SLAC.
The High School has a SLAC group also and a Key Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19973336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973336" title="X road">
X road

X road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19973337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973337" title="Linköping Central Station">
Linköping Central Station

Linköping Central Station is a railway station located at Linköping in Linköping Municipality, Sweden. It is located on the Södra stambanan, which runs from Katrineholm to Malmö.

</doc>
<doc id="19973348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973348" title="The International Council on Security and Development">
The International Council on Security and Development

ICOS (The International Council on Security and Development) is an international think tank that focuses on Afghanistan and other conflict zones such as Iraq and Somalia. ICOS is a project of the Network of European Foundations' Mercator Fund. The organisation was originally named the Senlis Council but later rebranded as the International Council on Security and Development to better reflect the interest and activities of the organisation.
The organisation works primarily on security and development issues and states that its overarching objective is "to promote open debate in order to alleviate current governance, development and economic crises and ensure that future policy-making in these areas is informed, humanitarian and delivers impact."
The organisation currently runs five programmes: "Human Security and Youth Inclusion", "Education and Employment ", "Public Safety and Citizenship ", "Global Food Security " and "The Rome Consensus for a Humanitarian Drug Policy".
ICOS programs.
Their programme on Human Security and Youth Inclusion focuses on contemporary conflict zones, including Afghanistan, Iraq, and Somalia. Their reports have noted the problem of unemployment leading to "Angry Young Men" becoming involved in insurgency actions. Their field research in Afghanistan has drawn attention to Afghan knowledge of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and the negative views held by Afghan citizens against the foreign forces. Their reports have also drawn some controversy, with NATO spokesmen disputing an ICOS report's findings on the extent of the Taliban presence in Afghanistan. Their findings on the ineffectiveness of Canadian development aid in Kandahar were also disputed by CIDA officials, particularly regarding food aid and hospitals.
The organisation states that its mandate of initiative on Education and Employment is to "identify ongoing local challenges of a rapidly changing society and provide research, advocacy and innovative policy analysis to encourage pragmatic responses and cost-effective long-term solutions".
The organisation's Public Safety and Citizenship initiative "identifies global challenges for public safety in the 21st century, and provides innovative research, advocacy and policy analysis to promote pragmatic responses". It supports states to solve public safety challenges and pave the way for social and economic development, using a "Policy Labs" tool of participatory decision-making. They conducted a pilot project for the project in Asuncion, Paraguay, with the goal of addressing the problem of crack consumption and trafficking in one neighbourhood. ICOS has also worked in Formiga, a community in the Tijuca neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro, on improving public safety, in cooperation with the local Pacifying Police Unit.
Their program on Global Food Security, designed in collaboration with the Sir Ratan Tata Trust and CINI, examines the intersection between food security, development, and state security. Their project currently focuses on India and Brazil, as well as maintaining a central aggreggation website for information on food security.
Their Rome Consensus programme commits 121 National Societies of Red Cross and Red Crescent from Africa, Asia, the Americas, the Middle East and Europe to promote and implement humanitarian approaches to drug use. The declared aims of the Rome Consensus are to bring drugs and drug use to the forefront of social concerns, focusing drug response formulation and implementation on a public health approach. The program is coordinated from London, UK.
Directors and spokesmen.
Norine MacDonald QC is both Founder and President of ICOS. Norine MacDonald also serves as Lead Field Researcher (conducting most of her work in Afghanistan and Somalia).
Emmanuel Reinert is Executive Director and works out of the UAE office. His work has led to international campaigns focusing on development and security issues.
Jorrit Kamminga is the Director of Policy Research for ICOS.

</doc>
<doc id="19973365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973365" title="Blue Moon Rising">
Blue Moon Rising

Blue Moon Rising is a fantasy novel by British author, Simon R. Green. The first in a series of four books in the Forest Kingdom series with the main protagonists appearing in six books in the Hawk & Fisher series by Green.
The book had a troubled launch with many publishers rejecting Green before being published by Roc. The book became Green's first bestseller.
As with other Green books, it is written in a style which combines dramatic storytelling with plenty of wry humour and light relief.
Plot introduction.
The novel is a quest story, primarily concerned with Rupert, prince of the Forest Kingdom and second in line to the throne who makes an arduous journey to prove his worth, do his duty and eventually save the Kingdom from the spread of the evil Darkwood.
Plot summary.
Rupert's quest is to slay a dragon, proving his worth to the kingdom; however Rupert knows he has been sent to die. He stubbornly refuses to run away and proceeds with the undertaking. Rupert seeks out the notorious Night Witch who, upon finding out he is the grandson of her long dead lover provides him with a map to find a dragon. To get to his destination Rupert must pass through the Darkwood, an area in the forest where no light ever penetrates, where nothing lives except demons. Passing through the endless night Rupert is attacked by countless demons which appear to be hunting in packs though demons have never hunted in packs before.
After reaching the other side of the Darkwood Rupert discovers a dragon in a cave at the top of a mountain and upon challenging him is surprised to find that not only does the dragon not have any interest in killing him, it collects butterflies. Also in the cave is Princess Julia, a seventh daughter from the Hillsdown province who was sent to the dragon as a sacrifice but which the dragon does "not have the heart" to kill.
Rupert, his Unicorn, Princess Julia and the Dragon set out back towards the Forest Castle but have to pass through the Darkwood again. Rupert can hardly bring himself to face the endless night of that experience again but knowing he must, they press on. Near the completion of this second passing of the Darkwood the group are attacked by hordes of demons. The dragon offers some of the last of his strength to enable Rupert to obtain the Rainbow Sword which banishes the darkness from them and heals their wounds.
The group are able to make it back to Forest Castle only to find that the Darkwood is spreading and the castle guard has been vastly depleted in defending the outlying towns and villages from the encroaching Darkwood. Rupert is sent back out with a company of guards to travel through the Darkwood again in search of the High Warlock.
Characters.
Prince Rupert is an unwanted second heir to the throne of the Forest Kingdom, behind his elder brother Harald. He was sent to "face a dragon" as a way of averting a possible civil war from having two healthy adult claimants to the throne.
Princess Julia is seventh in line to the Hillsdown Duchy. She was sent to the cave of a dragon as a sacrifice after she refused to enter an arranged marriage and attempted to run away.
Breeze is Prince Rupert's Unicorn who over the course of the story becomes a faithful and true companion to Rupert. He goes with him on the dragon quest and faces the demons with him. In the end, he is set free by Rupert but chooses to stay with him of his own free will.
Criticism.
Reviews have generally been positive although limited due to the relative obscurity of the book.
"Rave Reviews" praised the novel saying, "This fantasy adventure is one readers will savor and enjoy for a long time to come." In the same way, the "New York Daily News" considered it "delightful." The reviewer for "Science Fiction Chronicle" said, "Easily my favorite of Simon Green's fantasy novels."
Release.
"Blue Moon Rising" was released in the USA and UK in the same year through the publishers Penguin/Roc (USA) and Gollancz (UK).

</doc>
<doc id="19973369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973369" title="Andrew Barclay Walker">
Andrew Barclay Walker

Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, 1st Baronet (15 December 1824 – 27 February 1893) was a brewer and Liverpool Councillor.
He was born at Auchinflower, Ayrshire and was educated at Ayr Academy and at the Liverpool Institute. 
He followed his father, son of Peter Walker of the Fort brewery at Ayr, into brewing. In 1879, on the death of his father, he gained control of the business and in 1890 he converted the private company into Peter Walker & Son (Warrington & Burton) Ltd a limited liability company, several pubs in Liverpool and the north west of England still carry the slogan Walkers Warrington Ale in their frosted glass.
He was a Justice of the Peace for Ayrshire and a Deputy Lieutenant of Lancashire. He was elected Lord Mayor of Liverpool for 1873 and 1876 and appointed High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1886–87. 
He married Eliza, the eldest daughter of John Reid, of Limekilns, Fife. They had 6 sons and two daughters, including John Reid Walker and William Walker, 1st Baron Wavertree (both renowned racehorse breeders). He later married Maude Okeover, the daughter of Haughton Charles Okeover; they had no children.
He built the Walker Art Gallery which is named after him and donated it to the City of Liverpool. For this, and other good works, he was knighted in 1877 and created Baronet Walker, of Gateacre, co. Lancaster in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="19973381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973381" title="MISMO">
MISMO

The Mortgage Industry Standards Maintenance Organization, (MISMO) is a US not-for-profit subsidiary of the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA). It is a developer of technology standards for both residential and commercial property transactions in US markets. By promoting improved data consistency, MISMO aims to reduce costs and increase transparency while promoting confidence in mortgages as an asset class for investors. Ultimately MISMO standards should deliver cost savings to consumers.
Background.
More than 150 subscriber organizations
, including mortgage bankers, lenders, servicers, vendors and service providers, support MISMO’s efforts. MISMO’s Board of Directors, advised by a Governance Committee elected from a cross section of the industry, provides oversight for MISMO's administration and policy development. MISMO has working agreements with other major data standards development organizations and has developed a repository of industry data elements stored in a common data dictionary used to create all MISMO transactions.MISMO supports free and open access to the final releases of its standards, which enables companies to begin integrating MISMO standards into everyday business practices immediately.
MISMO follows a democratic approach to the development and maintenance of a comprehensive set of standards and data points for all stages of the mortgage loan life cycle. Published specifications support the following processes:
Many members use software that takes a service oriented architecture (SOA) approach (also known as "Software as a Service" (SaaS) model)
Why MISMO is Needed.
Historically, information stored in documents (typically word-processor document or PDF) has been difficult to extract and transport into other applications or for other uses. Mortgage originators have had to copy and paste or transcribe information from third-party reports into their internal-review documents, spreadsheets, forms or internal systems. These efforts could be described as manual, error-prone and tedious. This slows down the process tremendously.
MISMO constructs a standard approach using XML whereby two business-related firms can streamline shared data contained in forms or reports.
As a point of clarification, MISMO does not dictate what kind of software to use or even the appearance of loan-documentation forms. Rather, it dictates how to format data sent to another party. This allows all parties to develop, run and maintain their own platforms while having uniform efficiency. MISMO provides the framework; it is up to the firms using the standards to decide which fields they will need and populate.
XML Standards Approach.
MISMO has identified two deliverables that will enable the mortgage industry to share data among trading partners.
1. An XML architecture that encompasses data origination, secondary market and servicing data
2. A data dictionary to provide business definitions and corresponding architecture data element tag names
It has been estimated that nearly 10,000 fields of data may be available within the Logical Data Model previously known as the Property Information Dictionary when the MISMO effort is complete.
Affiliations and Related Bodies.
MISMO has affiliations with The Appraisal Institute, The Property Records Industry Association, CRE Finance Council and a number of other entities to build standards for both residential and commercial property transactions.
Parent.
MISMO is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Mortgage Bankers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19973393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973393" title="Church and Convent of St. Francis">
Church and Convent of St. Francis

The Church and Monastery of St. Francis (), commonly known as el San Francisco, is a 16th-century Roman Catholic complex in Quito, Ecuador. It fronts onto its namesake Plaza de San Francisco. The imposing structure has the distinction of being the largest architectural ensemble among the historical structures of colonial Latin America and for this reason is sometimes known as "El Escorial of the New World". The style evolved over almost 150 years of construction (1534-1680) through earthquakes and changes in artistic fashion. The Church houses the city's beloved "Virgin of Quito" (1734).
Description.
Layout.
The San Francisco de Quito convent defined itself in its relations with the outside world according to three spaces: 
Together, Church and Convent encompass three hectares including 13 cloisters (six of them major), three churches, and a large courtyard. In total, about 40,000 square meters of construction. San Francisco follows the classical typology of medieval monasteries. The main Church is the guiding axis and from there the cloister galleries extend: the refectory, the chapterhouse, and winery. These define a quadrangular courtyard, with the four respective pandas, or galleries: that of the chapter room, the refectory, the converts, and the mandatum. In addition to the basic dependencies of a convent, there were areas devoted to health care, education, crafts, a garden, and even a jail (to maintain strict discipline). The kitchen and dispensery operated in the cloister of services. 
Style.
The facade of the main Church reflects, for the first time in South America, Mannerist elements, which later became a reference point for that style in the rest of the continent. The severity of the building's Renaissance and Mannerist exterior contrasts with the inner decoration of the Church, in which Mudejar and Baroque elements bathe the nave, chapels, and high altar in an exotic golden splendour. In its nave and aisles, the Church of San Francisco reveals its Mudejar (Moorish) coffered ceilings, lavishly decorated altarpieces, and columns fashoned in different styles. In the choir — original from the end of the 16th century — Mudejar details are fully preserved, although the central nave was brought down by an earthquake and then replaced by a Baroque coffered ceiling in 1770.
Holdings.
San Francisco houses over 3,500 works of colonial art, of varied artistic styles and techniques, most notably those of the famous Quito School of art, which had it genesis precisely here. Undoubtedly the most celebrated of these is the 18th century sculpture known as the "Virgin of Quito", which has long been a kind of icon of the city. Here also is a magnificent Franciscan library, described in the 17th century as the best of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
History.
Construction of the building began a few weeks after the founding of the city in 1534 and ended in 1604. The founder of the church was Franciscan missionary Jodoco Ricke. 
The building's construction began around 1550, sixteen years after Quito was founded by Spanish conquistadors, and was finished in approximately 1680. The building was officially inaugurated in 1605. The main cloister was added in 1605.
With the support of European Franciscans, the Flemish Friar Joost de Rijcke, known in Spanish as Jodoco Ricke and Friar Pedro Gosseal – who came to the city two years after its founding – acquired land to the west side of the city's main plaza. This plot was where the palace of the Incan ruler Atahualpa (1497-1533) had once stood. In addition to being a market center for indigenous Ecuadorians, it was also the location of the military seats of the chiefs of the indigenous armies. All told, the place had enormous strategic and historical significance for the indigenous people the Franciscans wanted to evangelize.
It is not known who designed the original plans for the complex, though the most-accepted theory is that they were sent from Spain, based on the topographical study of Ricke and Gosseal. It is also possible that architects came from Spain for the construction of the monastery, or that Ricke and Gosseal managed the entire construction. 
The Church underwent a major (US$2M) interior renovation between 2000 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19973396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973396" title="Bourgogne Aligoté AOC">
Bourgogne Aligoté AOC

Bourgogne Aligoté is an "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) for white wine produced from the Aligoté grape variety in the region of Burgundy in France. The AOC was created in 1937.
Approximately of Burgundy vineyards were devoted to the production of Bourgogne Aligoté in 2007, and the average annual production over the period 2003-2007 was 107,470 hectoliter.
Production.
Bourgogne Aligoté is a regional AOC, which means that the wines can be produced in all of the Burgundy region. Since 1998, there is also a delimited AOC for Aligoté-based wines called Bouzeron, which previously was known as Bourgogne Aligoté Bouzeron.
Grapes and wine style.
While the primary grape is Aligoté, AOC regulations allow up to 15% Chardonnay to be blended into these wines. The wines tend to be light and acidic in style, and are usually unoaked, in contrast to many of Burgundy's more common and more noted Chardonnay-based white wines. Bourgogne Aligoté is frequently mixed together with Crème de cassis to make kir, a traditional pre-dinner drink.

</doc>
<doc id="19973400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973400" title="Columbia (barque)">
Columbia (barque)

The Columbia was a 310 ton, 6 gun barque in the service of the Columbia District of the Hudson's Bay Company on the Columbia River and elsewhere in the Pacific Northwest in the 1830s and 1840s. The vessel's complement of crew was 24 men.
On her maiden voyage, in 1835, she served as escort to the "Beaver." Her voyages included the coast of California and the Sandwich Islands. She made six voyages out of London in all, and spent part of 1846-1847 in Fort Victoria, British Columbia. The ship was sold in 1850.
Various letters addressed to sailors serving aboard the barque "Columbia" survive in the book "Undelivered Letters to Hudson's Bay Company Men on the Northwest Coast of America, 1830-57."

</doc>
<doc id="19973410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973410" title="Midnight (Marvel Comics)">
Midnight (Marvel Comics)

Midnight, in Marvel Comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19973412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973412" title="Isotope-coded affinity tag">
Isotope-coded affinity tag

Isotope-coded affinity tags (ICATs) are a gel-free method for quantitative proteomics that relies on chemical labeling reagents. These chemical probes consist of three general elements: a reactive group capable of labeling a defined amino acid side chain (e.g., iodoacetamide to modify cysteine residues), an isotopically coded linker, and a tag (e.g., biotin) for the affinity isolation of labeled proteins/peptides. For the quantitative comparison of two proteomes, one sample is labeled with the isotopically light (d0) probe and the other with the isotopically heavy (d8) version. To minimize error, both samples are then combined, digested with a protease (i.e., trypsin), and subjected to avidin affinity chromatography to isolate peptides labeled with isotope-coded tagging reagents. These peptides are then analyzed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). The ratios of signal intensities of differentially mass-tagged peptide pairs are quantified to determine the relative levels of proteins in the two samples.
The original tags were developed using deuterium, but later the same group redesigned the tags using 13C instead to circumvent issues of peak separation during LC due to the deuterium interacting with the stationary phase of the column.

</doc>
<doc id="19973424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973424" title="Dixie Greyhound Lines">
Dixie Greyhound Lines

The Dixie Greyhound Lines (called also Dixie or DGL), a highway-coach carrier, was a Greyhound regional operating company, based in Memphis, Tennessee, USA, from 1930 until 1954, when it (along with the Teche Greyhound Lines) became merged into the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, a neighboring operating company.
Origin.
The Dixie Greyhound Lines (GL) began in 1925 in Memphis (on the Mississippi River and in the southwest corner of Tennessee) as the Smith Motor Coach Company, when James Frederick Smith, a former (and successful) truck salesman, received a used truck as a gift from his previous employer (John Fisher, a dealer, who owned the Memphis Motor Company).
Smith removed the truck body, built a 12-seat bus body instead on the chassis, and started driving the vehicle himself, first between Memphis and Rosemark, northeast of Millington, in the north end of Shelby County (of which Memphis is the seat), about 25 miles from downtown Memphis to the north-northeast on state road 14 (an alternate route to Brownsville), and soon also between Memphis and Bolivar, about 66 miles to the east on US highway 64, on the way to Chattanooga.
Frederick Smith was the son of Captain James Buchanan "Jim Buck" Smith, who commanded steamboats on the rivers Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee, and Cumberland – for several owners, including the Ryman Line, the property of Captain Tom Ryman, who in 1892 gave the funds for the construction of the Union Gospel Tabernacle in Nashville (which became renamed as the Ryman Auditorium after the benefactor died in 1904, and which served as the home of the Grand Ole Opry from 1943 until 1974). Early in his life (before age 20) young Smith discarded his first name, strongly preferring to be known as Fred or Frederick. In late 1909, after a devastating downturn in the waterborne trade, both the father and the son worked temporarily for Clarence Saunders, the famous wholesale grocer in Memphis, the inventor of the concept of self-service retail grocery stores, the builder and the owner of the Pink Palace mansion (later and now a museum), and the man who made and lost a fortune as the founder of the Piggly Wiggly grocery-store chain.
Development.
By the end of his second year in business, Smith owned and ran 25 coaches; by the end of his third year, he had 60. the early years Fred operated in Memphis his own plant in which he built his bus bodies and mounted them on the truck chassis.
During its first four years the Smith Motor Coach Company started two more routes – to Covington and on to Dyersburg, about 75 miles to the north on US-51, and to Jackson, about 82 miles to the east-northeast on US-70 – then extended three routes – the Jackson line to Nashville (the capital of the Volunteer State and in the center of it), the Dyersburg line to Union City, and the Bolivar line to Selmer and soon onward to the east along the southern margin of the state to Chattanooga.
Even more growth came quickly, taking the firm outside Tennessee: In 1930 the Smith company reached Paducah in Kentucky, Evansville in Indiana, and Saint Louis in Missouri, and in the next year, 1931, it reached Birmingham in Alabama and Jackson in Mississippi (on the way to New Orleans in Louisiana).
As a Greyhound company.
In 1931 The Greyhound Corporation bought a controlling (majority) interest in the Smith Motor Coach Company, renamed it as the Dixie Greyhound Lines, and appointed Frederick Smith as the president of the DGL (as a subsidiary of the parent Greyhound firm).
Later in 1931, Dixie reached as far north as Springfield and Effingham (both in Illinois and on the way to Chicago), thereby completing a Greyhound direct through-route between Chicago and New Orleans via Memphis, by connecting with other Greyhound regional companies to the north (the Illinois GL, later the Central GL, even later the Great Lakes GL) and to the south (the Teche GL).
In 1932 Smith (along with J.C. Stedman, an entrepreneur from Houston, Texas) also founded the Toddle House restaurant chain, based too in Memphis. For the next several years the chain expanded through a number of states, opening as many as 50 new stores per year. House in 1955 served as the pattern for the creation of the Waffle House chain, partly because one of the founders of the latter had worked as a manager for the former (even while taking part in founding the latter).
In January 1930 Fred Smith drew a brother, Earl William Smith Sr., two years his junior, into the management of the Dixie GL (and later into Toddle House as well). had worked (in both passenger service and dining-car operations) for the Frisco (SL&SF) Railway and the Santa Fe (AT&SF) Railroad – and for the Fred Harvey organization in the hospitality industry in the Far West.
Fred also served a short time as a commissioned officer in the US Naval Reserve during World War II.
In 1948 Fred Smith suddenly died, and Earl succeeded Fred as the president of Dixie; then in 1949 The Greyhound Corporation bought the minority interest of the Smith family. Earl remained as the president of Dixie (as a division of the parent Greyhound firm) until -54, when Greyhound merged the DGL into the Southeastern GL (called also Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines).
Earl then served as a vice president of the SEGL, although he chose to maintain his office in Memphis rather than Lexington, Kentucky, the long-time SEG headquarters – until he died in 1955.
By 1954 Dixie ran from Memphis to Saint Louis, Paducah, Evansville, Nashville, Chattanooga, Florence and Birmingham (both in Alabama), and Columbus, Jackson, and Vicksburg (all three in Mississippi), plus along branch lines to Jonesboro (in Arkansas) and in West Tennessee.
The Dixie GL met the Southeastern GL to the east, the Teche GL to the south, the Southwestern GL to the west, and the Capitol GL, the Central GL, the Great Lakes GL, and the Pennsylvania GL to the north.
The DGL took part in major interlined through-routes (using pooled equipment in cooperation with other Greyhound companies) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more Greyhound regional operating companies – between Kansas City and Memphis, Saint Louis and New Orleans, Chicago and New Orleans, Saint Louis and Nashville, Memphis and Detroit, Dallas and Knoxville, Dallas and Atlanta, Memphis and Miami, and Memphis and both Washington and New York City.
Merger into Southeastern GL.
In October 1954 The Greyhound Corporation merged Dixie and a neighboring regional company, the Teche GL (called also Teche or TGL), based in New Orleans, Louisiana, into the Southeastern GL, another neighboring operating company, based in Lexington, Kentucky. The three fleets of the three divisions became combined into a single fleet.
Thus ended the Dixie GL.
Beyond Dixie GL.
After that merger the expanded SEG Lines served 12 states along 13,227 route-miles of highways – from Cincinnati (in Ohio), Saint Louis, Memphis, Vicksburg, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and Lake Charles (all the last three in Louisiana) – to Savannah (in Georgia) and Jacksonville (in Florida) – from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Ohio River to the Gulf of Mexico.
In October 1957 The Greyhound Corporation merged also the Florida GL (called also FGL), one more neighboring operating company, based in Jacksonville, Florida, into the SEGL.
In November 1960 Greyhound further merged the Atlantic GL (called also Atlantic or AGL), yet another neighboring regional company, based in Charleston, West Virginia, with – not into but rather "with" – the Southeastern GL – thereby creating the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (called also the Southern GL), the third of four huge new divisions (along with Central, Eastern, and Western).
Thus ended the Southeastern GL, and thus began the Southern GL.
Later (about 1966) The Greyhound Corporation reorganized again, into just two humongous divisions, named as the Greyhound Lines East (GLE) and the Greyhound Lines West (GLW); even later (about 1970) it eliminated those two divisions, thus leaving a single gargantuan undivided nationwide fleet.
When the Southern GL came into existence, the headquarters functions became gradually transferred from Lexington, Kentucky, and Charleston, West Virginia, to Atlanta, Georgia; when the GLE arose, many of those administrative functions became shifted to Cleveland, Ohio; later yet those functions migrated to Chicago, Illinois, then to Phoenix, Arizona, when (in 1971) The Greyhound Corporation moved its corporate headquarters from Chicago to a new building in Phoenix.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation (the original umbrella Greyhound firm), which had become widely diversified far beyond passenger transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business) to a new company, named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., called also GLI, based in Dallas, Texas – a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., called also TWI, also based in Dallas), which was by far the largest member company in the Trailways trade association (then named as the National Trailways Bus System).
Later in 1987 the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought also the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey (as the chief executive officer) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives – while continuing to reduce its level of service – by hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states – and by doing so on fewer days – that is, increasingly operating some trips less often than every day (fewer than seven days per week) – and by using fewer through-coaches, thus requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
After the sale to the GLI, The Greyhound Corporation changed its name to the Greyhound-Dial Corporation, then the Dial Corporation, then the Viad Corporation. contrived name Viad appears to be a curious respelling of the former name Dial – if one scrambles the letters D, I, and A, then turns the V upside down and regards it as the Greek letter lambda – Λ – that is, the Greek equivalent of the Roman or Latin letter L.
The website of the Viad Corporation (http://www.viad.com) in September 2008 makes no mention of its corporate history or its past relationship to Greyhound – that is, its origin as The Greyhound Corporation.
Preliminaries toward Continental Trailways.
For a while during the 1930s Maurice Edwin (M.E.) Moore, from Jackson, Tennessee, worked as a field passenger agent for the Dixie GL (after first working in 1928 at age 18 as a ticket agent at a bus station in Little Rock, Arkansas). Sometime late in the -30s Moore left the DGL, then he founded the Arkansas Motor Coaches, based in Little Rock, bought 16 Flxible Clippers, and started running them between Little Rock and Texarkana via Hot Springs. Flxible Clipper, a product of The Flxible Company, built in Loudonville, Ohio, was a small, short, modest, relatively inexpensive coach with 21-29 seats and a Buick (straight-8) or Chevrolet (straight-6) gasoline engine. He soon extended from Little Rock to Memphis. In 1943 he bought the Bowen Motor Coach Company (based in Fort Worth, Texas), which had become a major carrier through a large part of the Lone-star State. Bowen firm was already a member of the Trailways association and thus was called also the Bowen Trailways.
Thus began the Continental Bus System, which soon led to the formation of the Transcontinental Bus System, both based in Dallas, Texas, both using the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Continental Trailways, which together eventually became by far the largest member company in the National Trailways association, and which in 1968 became a subsidiary of the Holiday Inns of America, based in Memphis, and later became renamed as the Trailways, Inc., the TWI – which the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, bought in 1987 and merged into the GLI.
Kinship with Federal Express.
James Frederick Smith, the founder of the Smith Motor Coach Company, was the father of Frederick Wallace Smith, who in 1971 founded Federal Express (called also FedEx), based in Memphis since 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19973430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973430" title="Júlio Botelho">
Júlio Botelho

Júlio Botelho, also known as Julinho (; 29 July 1929, in São Paulo – 10 January 2003) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player. He was primarily a right winger. Known for his dribbling and powerful shot, Julinho was one of the greatest wingers in football history. He was selected in the World Soccer Magazine world XI in 1961.
During his career (1951–1967) he played for Portuguesa, Fluminense and Palmeiras. In Italy, he was a team member of Fiorentina and was a key member in the 1956 Italian title. In 1957, he participated in the 1957 European Cup final, a 2-0 loss to Real Madrid. Julinho played at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland, scoring two goals. He was nominated the best player in the history of Fiorentina in 1996. He died at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="19973436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973436" title="Silvio Vigliaturo">
Silvio Vigliaturo

Silvio Vigliaturo was born in Acri (Cosenza), in 1949. When still a child he moved to Chieri (Turin), where presently he lives and works. He is a glassfusion maestro and his technique is appreciated internationally and considered unique in his genre by the most important Italian and foreign critics.
Artistic traits.
Vigliaturo’s artistic journey is one of constant evolution. The never-ending research on colours and forms is symptomatic of a perpetual struggle in favour of the purity of colours and matter’s expressive richness. A journey both gradual and tenacious, that led the artist to confront himself with a great variety of themes with different styles and instruments. Glass, steel, terra cotta and painting – which he never abandoned – are treated like matter, but represent as well an ideological choice, an important connotation of both his human and artistic growth. His glass works, which the artist creates in his bottega in Chieri, represent the conflict between the modernity of the image, the sign, the idea and the antiquity of the medium. Labeled as "Homo Faber", his works are first thought, than interpreted and lived through a constant symbiotic relationship between mind and industriosity, consciousness and craftsmanship, creativity and visual poignancy. 
In 2006, while the city of Turin chose him as the only artistic testimonial for the Winter Olympics, in Acri was inaugurated the MACA – Civic Museum of Contemporary Art Silvio Vigliaturo. 
In 2008 the artist was named testimonial in the world of the UNICAL, University of Calabria.

</doc>
<doc id="19973442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973442" title="Little River (South Carolina)">
Little River (South Carolina)

Little River may refer to the following rivers in the U.S. state of South Carolina:

</doc>
<doc id="19973444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973444" title="Sree Sarada Ashram Balika Vidyalaya">
Sree Sarada Ashram Balika Vidyalaya

Sree Sarada Ashram Balika Bidayalaya is a girls' school under the Sarada Ashram organization. It is situated in New Alipore, India. The school was established in 1959. The Ashram has its origin away back in 1944. 
The school is up to class 12. There three divisions - the morning division is for the primary classes 1 to 4 and the Higher Secondary 11 and 12; the secondary division consists the rest. The medium of learning is both English and Bengali. 
Students are placed in four houses - Sarada, Nibedita, Sudhira and Christina.

</doc>
<doc id="19973462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973462" title="Werner Wolff (SS officer)">
Werner Wolff (SS officer)

Werner Wolff was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the 1. SS Panzer Division 'Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler' (LSSAH) of the Waffen SS, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Wolff was awarded the Knight's Cross on 7 August 1943 while serving as Joachim Peiper's Adjutant in the III.(gep.) Battalion of 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment. Peiper recommended Wolff for the his actions after he took command of the leaderless 13th Company, following the wounding of its commander, during the Battle of Kursk in early July, and stopped a Russian tank attack. Wolff destroyed one tank single handed and refused to give ground to the Russian attack.
In November 1943 Wolff was shot through the thigh and was due to have the leg amputated. However when the medical orderly arrived to take Wolff to be operated on, he drew his pistol and warned the orderly he was not losing his leg, even firing a warning shot into the ground. Wolff made a complete recovery.
In the Normandy Campaign (Operation Overlord) he particularly distinguished himself during the defense of Tilly, and was awarded the Wehrmacht's Honour Roll Clasp of the Army as a result.
Wolff was killed during Operation Spring Awakening, in Hungary on 19 March 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19973469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973469" title="Pennsylvania College of Health Sciences">
Pennsylvania College of Health Sciences

Pennsylvania College of Health Sciences (formerly Lancaster General College of Nursing & Health Sciences) is a private, co-educational, Middle States-accredited, four-year college offering a variety of associate and baccalaureate degree programs as well as certificate programs in healthcare. It is located at 410 N. Lime Street in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States. A select group of more than 1,400 students study with faculty who are experts in their specialty areas. Lancaster General College is the educational arm of the Lancaster General Health system. The clinical facilities of the hospital enrich the learning environment for students. Hands-on learning is the College’s key to developing competent healthcare practitioners.
History.
Founded in 1903, the Lancaster General Hospital School of Nursing was established to provide educational advancement for the hospital's nursing staff and to fulfill the needs of the local community with qualified healthcare providers. As Lancaster County, Pennsylvania grew, so did the school. More than 4,000 nurses have now graduated from this program.
In 1952, Lancaster General Hospital (LGH) renewed its commitment to education and the community by developing Allied Health programs. The first major to be added was Medical Laboratory Science (now known as Clinical Laboratory Sciences). A program in Radiology Technology was added in 1960, followed by Surgical Technology.
As advances were made in healthcare, a need developed for more specialized healthcare practitioners. Since 1982, programs in Diagnostic Medical Sonography, Cardiovascular Invasive Specialty, and Nuclear Medicine have been added.
In 1994, the Lancaster General Hospital School of Nursing and allied health programs combined to form the Lancaster Institute for Health Education. The Pennsylvania Department of Education granted approval for private school licensure.
The Institute petitioned to the Pennsylvania Department of Education in 2001 and was granted approval to form the Lancaster General College of Nursing & Health Sciences. The parent organization of the College remains Lancaster General Health. The College offers associate degrees, diploma and certificate programs.
As of 2006, Lancaster General College of Nursing & Health Sciences is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. The College received approval from the Pennsylvania Department of Education in 2009 to offer baccalaureate education.
In August 2013, Lancaster General College of Nursing & Health Sciences changed their name to Pennsylvania College of Health Sciences, hoping to clarify the school's purpose. The school will continue its relationship with Lancaster General Health and offer the same programs in healthcare management, training, and nursing.
Academics.
The Pennsylvania College of Health Sciences offers several academic programs:

</doc>
<doc id="19973471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973471" title="Sir Thomas Bazley, 1st Baronet">
Sir Thomas Bazley, 1st Baronet

Sir Thomas Bazley, 1st Baronet (27 May 1797 – 18 March 1885) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.
Life.
He was born at Gilnow, near Bolton, Lancashire. His father, also Thomas, was a cotton manufacturer, mathematician and journalist. Following education at Bolton Grammar School, Bazley was apprenticed to the cotton-spinning business of Messrs Ainsworth and Company. He subsequently went into business on his own account as a yarn merchant in Bolton. In 1826 he went into partnership with Robert Gardner, and they took over mills in Manchester and Halliwell. At Halliwell they established Barrow Bridge as a model non-sectarian industrial community. Bazley became the sole owner of Barrow Bridge in 1847, and the company became the world's largest manufacturer of fine cotton and lace thread. He was a major employer who also built schools and reading rooms for his employees. 
In 1828 he married Mary Maria Sarah Nash, and they had one son, born in 1829.
From the 1830s Bazley was an active member of the Anti Corn Law League, and from 1845 to 1860 was president of the Manchester Chamber of Trade, and was appointed as Deputy Lieutenant of the County Palatine of Lancaster.
His expertise on the cotton industry led to his appointment as one of the commissioners of the Great Exhibition of 1851 and of the Paris International Exhibition of 1855. From 1853 to 1855 he was a member of the Royal Commission on assimilating the mercantile laws of the United Kingdom.
In 1858 he was elected unopposed as one the members of parliament for the Parliamentary Borough of Manchester in the Liberal interest. He held the seat at subsequent elections until 1880. Due to the pressure of parliamentary work, he retired from business, selling his concern to William Romaine Callender in 1861. Callender was later to become one of Bazley's colleagues as MP for Manchester.
In the 1860s he acquired estates in Gloucestershire, Hertfordshire and Oxfordshire. In 1870 he moved permanently to his Gloucestershire estates near Fairford.
In 1867 he was admitted to the French Légion d'honneur. In 1869 he was created a baronet "of Hatherop in the County of Gloucester" for his services to public life and the cotton industry on the advice of the Prime Minister, William Ewart Gladstone.
Sir Thomas Bazley died suddenly at his summer residence "Riversleigh", Lytham, Lancashire in March 1885 aged 88. He was buried next to his father at St John's Church, Deansgate, Manchester.
Family.
He married, on 2 June 1828, Mary Maria Sarah, daughter of Sebastian Nash of Clayton, near Manchester ; she died 22 August 1897, and left an only child, Sir Thomas Sebastian Bazley.

</doc>
<doc id="19973519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973519" title="Agent.AWF">
Agent.AWF

AWF (or Agent. AWF or Agent.btz) is a malicious Trojan downloader affecting the Microsoft Windows operating system.
Methods of infection.
This Trojan is considered obsolete, and there are no known variants in the wild. However, an official from the Department of Homeland Security is quoted in a 2011 article as saying that the worm keeps evolving, is quite prolific and still infects computers. 
Affected operating systems.
The following operating systems are known to be affected.
Operation.
Agent. AWF displays virus activity in that it replaces files on a user's computer with a copy of itself, and moves the original, legitimate file to a bak sub-folder. It is known to attempt to terminate security software, and the Trojan downloads a backdoor onto the computer, allowing the attacker to further compromise the computer. It is also known to modify the Windows registry.
Identification.
During installation, the following files are created, and may be present on a compromised system.

</doc>
<doc id="19973526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973526" title="Norrköpings Tidningar">
Norrköpings Tidningar

Norrköpings Tidningar (English: Norrköping Times), also known as NT, is a Swedish daily newspaper with its main distribution in northern and eastern Östergötland. The newspaper was founded in 1758 as the "Norrköping Weko-Tidningar", and published its first issue on October 14 of that year. "Norrköpings Tidningar" is Sweden's oldest continually published newspaper still in print, and has published six days a week since 1871. The paper's principal owner is the Erik and Asta Sundin Foundation, named after Erik Sundin, who served as editor-in-chief of the paper from 1899 until 1929, and his widow, Asta Sundin. The foundation has owned the paper since 1947.
"Norrköpings Tidningar" aligns with the Moderate Party, and is published by Norrköping Tidningar AB, majority owner of Norrköpings Tidningars Media AB, which also publishes several other newspapers including "Folkbladet", "Gotlands Allehanda", "Gotlands Tidningar", and "Norrländska Socialdemokraten" and operates the local television stations 24nt, 24Corren and 24Norrbotten and five local radio stations.
The newspaper was first published on October 14, 1758, after county Governor Gustaf Adolf Lagerfelt sent an application to the Office of His Majesty, which issued the privilege on September 15, 1758. In 1959, the evening "Östergötlands Dagblad" was acquired and combined. In 1967, circulation exceeded 50,000 copies for the first time. The newspaper attempted to expand into southern Södermanland, establishing a local office in Katrineholm and publishing a special local edition. However, publication in Södermanland ceased the next year due to costs and a low subscription rate.
In 2007, circulation was approximately 49,000 copies per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19973566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973566" title="Jask">
Jask

Jask (, also Romanized as Jāsk; also Bandar-e Jask (), also Romanized as Bandar-e Jāsk) is a city in and the capital of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,133, in 2,406 families.
Jask is a port town, about south of Tehran,
situated on the Gulf of Oman. 
It serves as the capital of Jask County, and is the site of a base of the Iranian Navy which opened on October 28, 2008.
The base's position provides the Iranian Navy with the capability to close the Strait of Hormuz in order to block the entry of an "enemy" into the Persian Gulf. Admiral Habibollah Sayyari remarked on the base's opening that Iran was "creating a new defense front in the region, thinking of a non-regional enemy."
The port of Jask is also the proposed end of the Neka-Jask pipeline. The city has an airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19973591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973591" title="Dietrich von Schlechtendal">
Dietrich von Schlechtendal

Dietrich Herrman Reinhard von Schlechtendal dr. (20 October 1834, Halle – 5 July 1916) was a German entomologist who worked on Cynipidae.
von Schlechtendal trained as a mining expert and metallurgist. He worked for many years as an assistant at the Geologisch-Mineralogischen Institut in Halle.
His botanical knowledge led to study of gall wasps . Working with the North American species "Neuroterus quercus-batatus" (Fitch) in a laboratory he bred from the parthenogenetic females the bi-sexual form. This species was then introduced onto Turkey oaks in the Halle Botanic Garden. The up to then sterile over decades trees produced fertile seeds (Hüsing, 1966).
Many species of Cynipidae were described by von Schlechtendal or their generation sequence was clarified. His collection of Cynipidae with their galls is shared by the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin and the Zoological Institute of the University of Halle-Wittenberg which also conserves his collections of Blattidae and Lepidoptera. Dietrich von Schlechtendal was an honour member of the Entomological Society of Halle and a member of the Stettin Entomological Society.
As well as many short scientific papers he wrote "Die Gallbildungen (Zoocecidien) der Deutschen Gefässpflanzen", 1891, R. Zückler. Zwickau (1891).

</doc>
<doc id="19973600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973600" title="Orba (satellite)">
Orba (satellite)

Orba, also known as X-2, was intended to be the first satellite launched by a British rocket. It was launched at 00:34 GMT on 2 September 1970, atop a Black Arrow rocket from Launch Area 5B at Woomera, but failed to reach orbit after the second stage of the carrier rocket shut down 13 seconds early. Orba was built from spare parts due to funding restrictions, and was to have been used to measure upper atmosphere density by monitoring the decay of its orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="19973602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973602" title="Eddie Lucas">
Eddie Lucas

Edward Howard "Eddie" Lucas (born July 14, 1975) is an American retired professional basketball player and current personal trainer and civil engineer. 
Lucas was taken with the last pick of the 1999 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz. He was not offered a spot on the team, and spent parts of three seasons playing for professional teams in Argentina, France, Russia, Israel, and Poland.
Early life and college.
In his senior year at Redlands High School in Redlands, California, he was named the team’s Most Valuable Player and averaged 20.2 points and was named to the 1A All State team. Lucas started his college career at the United States Naval Academy where he earned All League Patriot Honors in his sophomore year. After transferring to Virginia Tech, Lucas lead the Hokies in scoring at 15.1 points per game in his senior season. At Virginia Tech, Lucas majored in civil engineering.
Basketball career.
In the 1999 NBA Draft, Lucas was the 58th and final overall pick, selected by the Utah Jazz. However, Lucas never played in the NBA. In addition, the United States Basketball League team Pennsylvania ValleyDawgs drafted Lucas in the fifth round of the 1999 USBL Draft. The Sioux Falls Skyforce cut Lucas before the 1999–2000 Continental Basketball Association season.
In January 2000, Lucas signed with the Argentine team Libertad de Sunchales and signed with the French team Hermine de Nantes Atlantique the following month. With Nantes, Lucas averaged 18.7 points and 3.9 rebounds per game on 51% shooting. Later in 2000, Lucas joined Russian team BC Spartak Saint Petersburg, then the Israeli Bnei Herzliya (later Bnei HaSharon) in January 2001 and would leave the team in 2002.
Post-basketball career.
After retiring from basketball, Lucas and former American football player Chris James founded Interactive Drills, an athletic training company. Lucas also earned a master's degree in construction management from Virginia Tech and has managed several projects. Since 2011, Lucas has lived in Fayetteville, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19973659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973659" title="Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics">
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics

Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics consisted of twelve events, eight for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19973669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973669" title="Intermediate school district">
Intermediate school district

An intermediate school district, in the United States, is a term used by some states to classify a special agency that operates outside of the traditional charter of a school district. The specific role of these agencies varies by state.
Michigan.
In Michigan, an intermediate school district is a government agency usually organized at the county or multi-county level that assists a local school district in providing programs and services. Additionally, they collect data for the state Department of Education. An Intermediate School District has a Board of Education chosen by a group of electors with one member from each local school district's Board of Education. Additionally they may recommend a merger of school districts to the Michigan State Board of Education.
Minnesota.
In Minnesota, an intermediate school district is a special designation applied to a school district formed as a cooperative effort of two or more school districts "offering integrated services for secondary, post-secondary and adult students in the areas of vocational education, special education, and other authorized services."

</doc>
<doc id="19973676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973676" title="Kantamani">
Kantamani

Kantamani (pronounced ) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 61st "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Kuntalam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 11th "chakra Rudra". The mnemonic name is "Rudra-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu mi pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Mararanjani", which is the 25th "melakarta".
Janya Rāgams.
"Kantamani" has a couple of minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of "janya" rāgams associated with "Kantamani" and other 71 "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to this rāgam are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Kantamani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Manavati" "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Manavati".

</doc>
<doc id="19973680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973680" title="Agnieszka Chylińska">
Agnieszka Chylińska

Agnieszka Chylińska (born May 23, 1976 in Gdańsk) is a Polish rock singer and columnist. 
From 1994 to 2003, Chylińska was the vocalist with Polish rock band O.N.A.. She has also been one of the judges in the Polish edition of the Got Talent franchise "Mam talent!". She founded a band called Chylińska (2003), which released the album "Winna" in 2004. She released her first solo album, "Modern Rocking", in 2009.
Discography.
Albums.
"O.N.A."
Chylińska
Agnieszka Chylińska
Songs in English.
English titles may not be a translation of Polish ones.
Love is.. (English version of "Drzwi")
This is the end of the story (English version of "To naprawdę już koniec")
Alone now (English version of "Niekochana")
Always you (English version of "Ciągle ty")
Pass away (English version of "Wszystko to co ja")
Tired (English version of "Zmęczona")
When I know it's time to go (English version of "Kiedy powiem sobie dość")
Then no (English version of "Nie to nie")
No one's girl (English version of "Niczyja") 
There is also a Spanish version of "Drzwi" called "Vete mejor es así"

</doc>
<doc id="19973682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973682" title="Walter Sutcliffe">
Walter Sutcliffe

Walter Sutcliffe (Born 1976) is a British opera and theatre director.
His work has been seen in the UK, US, Germany, Austria, The Czech Republic, and Estonia, including productions of Christopher Fry's "The Lady's Not for Burning", Strindberg's "The Great Highway" and the Austrian premier of Michael Tippett's "The Knot Garden" for the Klangbogen Festival in Vienna. He recently directed the American stage premiere of Leoš Janáček's first opera, "Sarka", for Dicapo Opera, New York. He is currently developing new productions for Estonian National Opera, Opern- und Schauspielhaus Frankfurt, Linz Opera and Dicapo Opera.
His production of Benjamin Britten's opera "Owen Wingrave" opened on 24 January 2010 at the Bockenheimer Depot of the Opera Frankfurt am Main.
Sutcliffe's parents are the opera critic Tom Sutcliffe and the playwright and librettist Meredith Oakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19973690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973690" title="Farm Foundation">
Farm Foundation

Farm Foundation is a U.S. nonprofit organization that provides non-partisan policy research and forums relating to agribusiness. Its headquarters are in Oak Brook, Illinois.
Farm Foundation was created in 1933 by Alexander Legge, the president of International Harvester, and former Illinois Governor Frank Orren Lowden. The organization hosts conferences (both on its own and in conjunction with other entities, including the U.S. Department of Agriculture), publishes reports relating to the U.S. agricultural economy, and facilitates meetings between U.S. agribusiness leaders and their counterparts in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19973692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973692" title="Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development">
Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development

The Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development highlights the role that states and civil society must play in preventing and reducing violence associated with war, crime, and social unrest. The Declaration was adopted on 7 June 2006 and is now endorsed by 112 states. It is the strongest political statement to date that addresses the impact of armed violence within a development context. Regular high-level diplomatic regional meetings and ministerial review conferences take place to assess progress concerning the process and implementation of the Geneva Declaration; the first two ministerial review conferences took place in 2008 and 2011 and the next one has been scheduled for 2014.
By signing the Geneva Declaration states commit to:
Understanding that the fight against the global scourge of armed violence and the prospects for sustainable development are closely linked, the signatories recognize that armed violence constitutes a major obstacle to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals. They agree to strengthen their efforts to integrate armed violence reduction and conflict prevention programs into national, regional, and multilateral development frameworks and strategies.
The approach is based on three pillars:
A Core Group of 14 signatory states and affiliated organizations is responsible for steering the process and guiding the implementation of the Geneva Declaration. Affiliated organizations include the Bureau for Crisis Prevention and Recovery (BCPR) of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the Small Arms Survey—which also hosts the Geneva Declaration Secretariat—, the Development Assistance Committee (DAC) of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), and the Quaker United Nations Office (QUNO).
Core group member states:
Signatory states:

</doc>
<doc id="19973694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973694" title="Liron Vilner">
Liron Vilner

Liron Vilner (, born 7 February 1979) is a retired second generation Israeli footballer (the son of Yehuda Vilner).

</doc>
<doc id="19973699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973699" title="Mehmet Nas">
Mehmet Nas

Mehmet Nas (born 20 November 1979) is a Turkish professional footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Elazığspor in the Süper Lig.
Club career.
Nas began his professional career in 1998. He spent six years with Samsunspor before he moved on to capital club Gençlerbirliği in 2004. After making 132 appearances and scoring six goals for the Ankara-based club, he moved to Manisaspor in 2009. He spent one season at the club before moving to Sivasspor in 2010.
International career.
Nas was first called up to the Turkey national under-21 football team in 1998. He made 22 appearances for the team between 1998 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19973725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973725" title="Baumkircher Tower">
Baumkircher Tower

The Baumkircher Tower (, from ), also known as Tabor Castle () or Lower Castle ("Spodnji grad"), is a defensive tower or small castle located in the town of Vipava in southwestern Slovenia.
History.
The tower was built by Herhlin Kranspergar in 1342, as a fortification guarding the adjacent stone bridge across the Vipava River. In 1386, the knight Haertl sold it to Hermann I of Celje
After passing from their hands to the Patriarchate of Aquileia to the Habsburgs, it was given in fief to the knights Baumkircher, who lent it its current name. The family retained it until 1471, when then-owner Andreas Baumkircher instigated a revolt of the Styrian nobility against Holy Roman Emperor Frederick III, and was beheaded for treason in Graz. The castle then reverted to the duchy of Carniola, and was managed by its officers and leaseholders. The latter included Jurij Gallo, who between 1517-1521 subleased the tower to Carniolan vicedom (bishop's deputy in secular affairs) Erasmus Braunwart.
From either 1533 or 1624 (sources vary) to the end of World War I, the castle was a possession of the Lanthieri family. 
The preserved elements of the structure include a part of the old main building, the defensive tower, and a partial wall with a gateway and a stone relief of the Lanthieri arms, dated 1653, set above the portal.

</doc>
<doc id="19973727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973727" title="Private Practice (album)">
Private Practice (album)

Private Practice was the sixth album by Dr. Feelgood, and was released in October 1978. 
This was commercially rewarding when the album spawned a Top 10 hit single (the only one of their career) in "Milk and Alcohol". Their preceding single release, "Down at the Doctors", which also appeared on "Private Practice" 's tracklisting, topped out at number 48 in the same UK Singles Chart.
The album peaked at number 41 in the UK Albums Chart on the 7 October 1978, and remained in that chart for five weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19973763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973763" title="1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
West Asia.
"1 AkMaral withdrew"
East Asia.
"1 Ratnam withdrew after 1st leg"
Semifinals.
"1 Riyadh SC withdrew"

</doc>
<doc id="19973766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973766" title="St. Pius X National School">
St. Pius X National School

__NOTOC__
St. Pius X National School is a primary school in Templeogue, Dublin, Ireland. It operates as two associated schools, for boys and girls.
History.
The school opened on 15 February 1965 in six pre-fabricated classrooms sited around the side and rear of the Templeogue parish church, St. Pius X at College Drive in Templeogue, and on adjacent ground immediately to the east leased from St. Mary's Rugby Football Club, land that has been developed as the Fortfield Square apartment complex. There were six teachers and 176 pupils at the time: 117 boys and 59 girls, a 2:1 ratio. Classes were taught in the early years in these temporary units without the proper accommodation and amenities of a modern school. As more children joined the school, more pre-fabricated classrooms were installed, and classes were held also in the church sacristy and in St. Mary's room in the church.
A newly built school to replace the temporary pre-fabricated units was built and occupied in the late 1960s at Fortfield Park in Templeogue. It was officially opened on 19 January 1971, and was subsequently blessed by the Archbishop of Dublin, John Charles McQuaid. The school then comprised 32 classrooms, 16 each for boys and girls; a library; a cookery room; medical room; gym hall; staff rooms and principals' offices. The first principals of the boys' and girls' schools were a married couple, and there were 28 teachers and 1,130 pupils.
The school celebrated its fortieth anniversary on 30 September 2005, and President Mary McAleese visited on 15 December 2005.
Classes and activities.
There is one teacher for each class, assisted by a helper in some classes with special needs. There are mathematics and English resource teachers, while sports teachers give instruction in Gaelic football, camogie and physical education.
St. Pius X School has won numerous awards for sport, and along with physical education, it teaches Gaelic football and camogie during normal school hours. After school activity includes Olympic handball, Gaelic football, camogie, golf, basketball, tennis, athletics, cricket and swimming. 
There are two music teachers. Pupils from second to sixth class learn the recorder, and there are two choirs: a special choir which students join after auditions, as well as a choir composed of the students of 5th and 6th classes, or of 4th and 5th classes; this choir sings when the Catholic sacraments of First Holy Communion and Confirmation are celebrated.
The boys' and girls' schools share the same address and campus at Fortfield Park in Templeogue, and they have a common school crest, school tie, gym hall, and parents' association.

</doc>
<doc id="19973777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973777" title="Heinz Nowotnik">
Heinz Nowotnik

Heinz Nowotnik was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, 
on the 14 May 1944 while in command of the 14th Machine Gun Company,1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH" (LSSAH).

</doc>
<doc id="19973790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973790" title="Hawksbill sea turtle">
Hawksbill sea turtle

The hawksbill sea turtle ("Eretmochelys imbricata") is a critically endangered sea turtle belonging to the family Cheloniidae. It is the only extant species in the genus Eretmochelys. The species has a worldwide distribution, with Atlantic and Pacific subspecies. "E. i. imbricata" is the Atlantic subspecies, while "E. i. bissa" is found in the Indo-Pacific region.
The hawksbill's appearance is similar to that of other marine turtles. It has a generally flattened body shape, a protective carapace, and flipper-like arms, adapted for swimming in the open ocean. "E. imbricata" is easily distinguished from other sea turtles by its sharp, curving beak with prominent tomium, and the saw-like appearance of its shell margins. Hawksbill shells slightly change colors, depending on water temperature. While this turtle lives part of its life in the open ocean, it spends more time in shallow lagoons and coral reefs.
Human fishing practices threaten "E. imbricata" populations with extinction. The World Conservation Union classifies the hawksbill as critically endangered. Hawksbill shells were the primary source of tortoiseshell material used for decorative purposes. The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species outlaws the capture and trade of hawksbill sea turtles and products derived from them.
Anatomy and morphology.
"E. imbricata" has the typical appearance of a marine turtle. Like the other members of its family, it has a depressed body form and flipper-like limbs adapted for swimming.
Adult hawksbill sea turtles have been known to grow up to in length, weighing around on average. The heaviest hawksbill ever captured was measured to be . The turtle's shell, or carapace, has an amber background patterned with an irregular combination of light and dark streaks, with predominantly black and mottled-brown colors radiating to the sides.
Several characteristics of the hawksbill sea turtle distinguish it from other sea turtle species. Its elongated, tapered head ends in a beak-like mouth (from which its common name is derived), and its beak is more sharply pronounced and hooked than others. The hawksbill's arms have two visible claws on each flipper.
One of the hawksbill's more easily distinguished characteristics is the pattern of thick scutes that make up its carapace. While its carapace has five central scutes and four pairs of lateral scutes like several members of its family, "E. imbricata"'s posterior scutes overlap in such a way as to give the rear margin of its carapace a serrated look, similar to the edge of a saw or a steak knife. The turtle's carapace has been known to reach almost 1 m (3 ft) in length.
Hawksbill sea turtles' sand tracks are asymmetrical, because they crawl on land with an alternating gait. By contrast, the green sea turtle and the leatherback turtle crawl rather symmetrically.
Due to its consumption of venomous cnidarians, hawksbill sea turtle flesh can become toxic.
Distribution.
Hawksbill sea turtles have a wide range, found predominantly in tropical reefs of the Indian, Pacific, and Atlantic Oceans. Of all the sea turtle species, "E. imbricata" is the one most associated with warm tropical waters. Two major subpopulations are acknowledged to exist, the Atlantic and Indo-Pacific subpopulations.
Atlantic subpopulation.
In the Atlantic, hawksbill populations range as far west as the Gulf of Mexico and as far southeast as the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa. They live off the Brazilian coast (specifically Bahia) through southern Florida and the waters off Virginia. The species' range extends as far north as the Long Island Sound and Massachusetts in the west Atlantic and the frigid waters of the English Channel in the east (the species' northernmost sighting to date).
In the Caribbean, the main nesting beaches are in the Lesser Antilles, Barbados, Guadeloupe, Tortuguero in Costa Rica, and in the Yucatan. They feed in the waters off Cuba and around Mona Island near Puerto Rico among other places.
Indo-Pacific subpopulation.
In the Indian Ocean, hawksbills are a common sight along the east coast of Africa, including the seas surrounding Madagascar and nearby island groups, and all along the southern Asian coast, including the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea, and the coasts of the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. They are present across the Malay Archipelago and northern Australia. Their Pacific range is limited to the ocean's tropical and subtropical regions. In the west, it extends from the southwestern tips of the Korean Peninsula and the Japanese Archipelago down to northern New Zealand.
The Philippines hosts several nesting sites, including the island of Boracay. A small group of islands in the southwest of the archipelago has been named the "Turtle Islands" because two species of sea turtles nest there: the hawksbill and the green sea turtle. In Hawaii, hawksbills mostly nest on the "main" islands of Oahu, Maui, Molokai, and Hawaii. In Australia, hawksbills are known to nest on Milman Island in the Great Barrier Reef. Hawksbill sea turtles nest as far west as Cousine Island in the Seychelles, where the species has been legally protected since 1994, and the population is showing some recovery. The Seychelles' inner islands and islets, such as Aldabra, are popular feeding grounds for immature hawksbills.
Eastern Pacific subpopulation.
In the eastern Pacific, hawksbills are known to occur from the Baja Peninsula in Mexico south along the coast to southern Peru. Nonetheless, as recently as 2007, the species had been considered largely extirpated in the region. Important remnant nesting and foraging sites have since been discovered in Mexico, El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Ecuador, providing new opportunities for research and conservation. In contrast to their traditional roles in other parts of the world, where hawksbills primarily inhabit coral reefs and rocky substrate areas, in the eastern Pacific, hawksbills tend to forage and nest principally in mangrove estuaries, such as those present in the Bahia de Jiquilisco (El Salvador), Gulf of Fonseca (Nicaragua, El Salvador, and Honduras), Estero Padre Ramos (Nicaragua), and the Gulf of Guayaquil (Ecuador). Multi-national initiatives, such as the Eastern Pacific Hawksbill Initiative, are currently pushing efforts to research and conserve the population, which remains poorly understood.
Ecology.
Habitat.
Adult hawksbill sea turtles are primarily found in tropical coral reefs. They are usually seen resting in caves and ledges in and around these reefs throughout the day. As a highly migratory species, they inhabit a wide range of habitats, from the open ocean to lagoons and even mangrove swamps in estuaries. Little is known about the habitat preferences of early life-stage "E. imbricata"; like other sea turtle young, they are assumed to be completely pelagic, remaining at sea until they mature.
Feeding.
While they are omnivorous, sea sponges are the principal food of hawksbill sea turtles. Sponges constitute 70–95% of their diets in the Caribbean. However, like many spongivores, they feed only on select species, ignoring many others. Caribbean populations feed primarily on the orders Astrophorida, Spirophorida, and Hadromerida in the class Demospongiae. 
Aside from sponges, hawksbills feed on algae, cnidarians, comb jellies and other jellyfish, and sea anemones. They also feed on the dangerous jellyfish-like hydrozoan, the Portuguese man o' war ("Physalia physalis"). Hawksbills close their unprotected eyes when they feed on these cnidarians. The man o' war's stinging cells cannot penetrate the turtles' armored heads.
Hawksbills are highly resilient and resistant to their prey. Some of the sponges they eat, such as "Aaptos aaptos", "Chondrilla nucula", "Tethya actinia", "Spheciospongia vesparium", and "Suberites domuncula", are highly (often lethally) toxic to other organisms. In addition, hawksbills choose sponge species with significant numbers of siliceous spicules, such as "Ancorina", "Geodia" ("G. gibberosa"), "Ecionemia", and "Placospongia".
Life history.
Not much is known about the life history of hawksbills. Their life history can be divided into three phases, namely the pelagic phase, from hatching to about 20 cm, the benthic phase, when the immature turtles recruit to foraging areas, and the reproductive phase, when they reach sexual maturity. The pelagic phase possibly lasts 1 to 4 yr.
Hawksbills show a degree of fidelity after recruiting to the benthic phase, however movement to other similar habitats is possible.
Breeding.
Hawksbills mate biannually in secluded lagoons off their nesting beaches in remote islands throughout their range. Mating season for Atlantic hawksbills usually spans April to November. Indian Ocean populations, such as the Seychelles hawksbill population, mate from September to February. After mating, females drag their heavy bodies high onto the beach during the night. They clear an area of debris and dig a nesting hole using their rear flippers, then lay clutches of eggs and cover them with sand. Caribbean and Florida nests of "E. imbricata" normally contain around 140 eggs. After the hours-long process, the female then returns to the sea.
The baby turtles, usually weighing less than hatch at night after around two months. These newly emergent hatchlings are dark-colored, with heart-shaped carapaces measuring around long. They instinctively crawl into the sea, attracted by the reflection of the moon on the water (possibly disrupted by light sources such as street lamps and lights). While they emerge under the cover of darkness, baby turtles that do not reach the water by daybreak are preyed upon by shorebirds, shore crabs, and other predators.
Early life.
The early life history of juvenile hawksbill sea turtles is unknown. Upon reaching the sea, the hatchlings are assumed to enter a pelagic life stage (like other marine turtles) for an undetermined amount of time. While hawksbill sea turtle growth rates are not known, when juveniles reach around , they switch from a pelagic lifestyle to living on coral reefs.
Maturity.
Hawksbills evidently reach maturity after 30 years. They are believed to live from 30 to 50 years in the wild. Like other sea turtles, hawksbills are solitary for most of their lives; they meet only to mate. They are highly migratory. Because of their tough carapaces, adults' only predators are sharks, estuarine crocodiles, octopuses, and some species of pelagic fish.
A series of biotic and abiotic cues, such as individual genetics, foraging quantity and quality or population density, may trigger the maturation of the reproductive organs and the production of gametes and thus determine sexual maturity. Like many reptiles, all marine turtles of a same aggregation are highly unlikely to reach sexual maturity at the same size and thus age.
Age at maturity has been estimated to occur between 10 and 25 years of age for Caribbean hawksbills. Turtles nesting in the Indo-Pacific region may reach maturity at a minimum of 30 to 35 years.
Evolutionary history.
Within the sea turtles, "E. imbricata" has several unique anatomical and ecological traits. It is the only primarily spongivorous reptile. Because of this, its evolutionary position is somewhat unclear. Molecular analyses support placement of "Eretmochelys" within the taxonomic tribe Carettini, which includes the carnivorous loggerhead and ridley sea turtles, rather than in the tribe Chelonini, which includes the herbivorous green turtle. The hawksbill probably evolved from carnivorous ancestors.
Etymology and taxonomic history.
Linnaeus originally described the hawksbill sea turtle as "Testudo imbricata" in 1766, in the 12th edition of his "Systema Naturae". In 1843, Austrian zoologist Leopold Fitzinger moved it into genus "Eretmochelys". In 1857, the species was temporarily misdescribed as "Eretmochelys imbricata squamata".
Two subspecies are accepted in "E. imbricata's" taxon. "E. i. bissa" (Rüppell, 1835) refers to populations that reside in the Pacific Ocean. The Atlantic population is a separate subspecies, "E. i. imbricata" (Linnaeus, 1766). The nominate subspecies is the Atlantic taxon, because Linnaeus' type specimen was from the Atlantic.
Fitzinger derived the genus' name, "Eretmochelys", from the Greek roots "eretmo" and "chelys", corresponding to "oar" and "turtle", respectively. The name refers to the turtles' oar-like front flippers. The species' name "imbricata" is Latin, corresponding to the English term imbricate. This appropriately describes the turtles' overlapping posterior scutes. The Pacific hawksbill's subspecies name, "bissa", is Latin for "double". The subspecies was originally described as "Caretta bissa"; the term referred to the then-species being the second species in the genus. "Caretta" is the genus of the hawksbill's much larger relative, the loggerhead turtle.
Exploitation by humans.
Throughout the world, hawksbill sea turtles are taken by humans, though it is illegal to hunt them in many countries. In some parts of the world, hawksbill sea turtles are eaten as a delicacy. As far back as the fifth century BC, sea turtles, including the hawksbill, were eaten as delicacies in China.
Many cultures also use turtles' shells for decoration. These turtles have been harvested for their beautiful shell since Egyptian times, and the material known as tortoiseshell is normally from the hawksbill. In China, where it was known as "tai mei", the hawksbill is called the "tortoise-shell turtle", named primarily for its shell, which was used for making and decorating a variety of small items, as it was in the West. In Japan, the turtles are also harvested for their shell scutes, which are called "bekko" in Japanese. It is used in various personal implements, such as eyeglass frames and the "shamisen" (Japanese traditional three-stringed instrument) picks. In 1994, Japan stopped importing hawksbill shells from other nations. Prior to this, the Japanese hawksbill shell trade was around of raw shells per year. In the West, hawksbill sea turtle shells were harvested by the ancient Greeks and ancient Romans for jewelry, such as combs, brushes, and rings. The bulk of the world's hawksbill shell trade originates in the Caribbean. In 2006, processed shells were regularly available, often in large amounts, in countries including the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
The hawksbill sea turtle appears on the reverse side of the Venezuelan 20-bolivar and the Brazilian 2-reais banknotes. A much-beloved fountain sculpture of a boy riding a hawksbill, affectionately known as "Turtle Boy", stands in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Conservation.
Consensus has determined sea turtles, including "E. imbricata" to be, at the very least, threatened species because of their slow growth and maturity, and slow reproductive rates. Many adult turtles have been killed by humans, both deliberately and accidentally. In addition, human and animal encroachment threatens nesting sites, and small mammals dig up eggs. In the US Virgin Islands, mongooses raid hawksbill nests (along with those of other sea turtles, such as "Dermochelys coriacea") right after they are laid.
In 1982, the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species first listed "E. imbricata" as endangered. This endangered status continued through several reassessments in 1986, 1988, 1990, and 1994 until it was upgraded in status to "critically endangered" in 1996. Two petitions challenged its status as an endangered species prior to this, claiming the turtle (along with three other species) had several significant stable populations worldwide. These petitions were rejected based on their analysis of data submitted by the Marine Turtle Specialist Group (MTSG). The data given by the MTSG showed the worldwide hawksbill sea turtle population had declined by 80% in the three most recent generations, and no significant population increase occurred as of 1996. CR A2 status was denied, however, because the IUCN did not find sufficient data to show the population likely to decrease by a further 80% in the future.
The species (along with the entire family Cheloniidae) has been listed on Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species. It is illegal to import or export turtle products, or to kill, capture, or harass hawksbill sea turtles.
Local involvement in conservation efforts has also increased in the past few years.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service have classified hawksbills as endangered under the Endangered Species Act since 1970. The US government established several recovery plans for protecting "E. imbricata".

</doc>
<doc id="19973799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973799" title="SS Mahratta (1892)">
SS Mahratta (1892)

SS "Mahratta" was a steamship owned by Brocklebank Line which was launched in 1891 and ran aground on the Goodwin Sands in 1909. One member of the crew committed suicide.
History.
SS "Mahratta" was launched on 19 November 1891. In 1900 she served as a troopship in connection with the Boer War.
Shipwreck.
On 9 April 1909 (Good Friday), the 5,639 ton liner "Mahratta" stuck in the Goodwin Sands, with a heavy cargo, a crew of 90 and 17 passengers. The "Mahratta" was homeward bound to London from Calcutta, India with a mixed cargo including jute, rice, rubber and tea. She ran aground on the Fawk Spit of the Goodwin Sands in calm weather and stuck fast. 
The next day, lifeboats were launched and the majority of the passengers were rescued by the Deal lifeboat. Although two tugs were sent from Dover, it was impossible to pull "Mahratta" free. "Mahratta" broke in two the day after this. The three passengers aboard at the time included one female passenger who had refused to leave as she had a dog with her which would have to go into quarantine if rescued. 
The Sands did not break the "Mahratta"'s back for 24 hours, allowing time for locals to help unload its cargo. Many of them demanded their right of salvage, and when customs officers searched their houses they were physically roughed up. 
The westerly wind increased in strength, and as cargo was salvaged from No.4 and 5 holds the ship listed making further salvage more difficult. 
A Board of Trade inquiry found that the ship had run aground because the pilot had failed to recognise the Gull Light and then took an incorrect course.
A second ship named "Mahratta" ran aground on the Goodwin Sands in 1939, less than a mile away from the site of the wreck of the first "Mahratta".
"Pride of Canterbury" ferry incident.
On 31 January 2008, the roll-on/roll-off passenger ferry "Pride of Canterbury" operated by P&O Ferries struck the wreck of "Mahratta" while manoeuvering in severe weather into a holding position in The Downs. The ferry suffered extensive damage to her port propeller and had to be assisted to berth in Dover. It is not clear whether the wreck site named in the MAIB report is that of the first "SS Mahratta" or the later vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="19973801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973801" title="Thoda Hai Thode Ki Zaroorat Hai">
Thoda Hai Thode Ki Zaroorat Hai

Thoda Hai Thode Ki Zaroorat Hai was an Indian soap opera that aired in 1997. The director Ravi Rai won numerous awards for the serial, and the series itself won the 'Best Television Serial Drama' award by Screen Awards in the year 1997. The story shows how hard it is for us humans to survive the death of our loved ones.

</doc>
<doc id="19973816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973816" title="John Henderson (ice hockey)">
John Henderson (ice hockey)

John Duncan Henderson (born March 25, 1933) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played 46 games for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League as part of a professional career that spanned from 1953 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19973831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973831" title="Count of Vila Real">
Count of Vila Real

Count of Vila Real (in Portuguese "Conde de Vila Real") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, in 1424, by King John I of Portugal, and granted to "Dom" Pedro de Menezes, also known as Peter I of Menezes, 1st Count of Viana (do Alentejo).
The Menezes, a high nobility family quite close to the first Dynasty Kings in Portugal, was seriously affected when the new Aviz Kings took the power, after the 1383-1385 crisis, but Pedro de Menezes supported the new king John of Aviz and was later reworded.
He was involved in the north African conquests, and became the first Governor of Ceuta after the Portuguese conquest (1415).
He married four times from which he had three daughters. The eldest was Beatrice of Menezes, married to Fernando of Noronha (grandson of King Fernando I of Portugal through his mother, Infanta Isabel of Portugal). Their issue used "Menezes" as family name and they originated the powerful House of Vila Real (extinct in 1641).
Later, in the 19th Century, King John VI of Portugal, granted this title again, by a royal decree dated from July 3, 1823 (second creation), to José Luis de Sousa Botelho Mourão e Vasconcelos (1785-1855), a remarkable military and politician who fought during the Napoleonic invasions and the Liberal wars.
Bibliography.
"Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, pages 522/528. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19973838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973838" title="Paulo Renato (actor)">
Paulo Renato (actor)

Paulo Renato was a Portuguese actor. He appeared in numerous plays and films and became very popular in Portugal during the 1950s and 1960s.
Born in Lisbon, on October 23, 1924, he started his career in 1946, with the theater group Pedro Bom. As a stage actor, his most notable appearance was in the play "A Severa" (1955), where he starred alongside Amália Rodrigues. He also made cinema — "Sol e Toiros" (1949), "Quando o Mar Galgou a Terra" (1954), "Os Verdes Anos" (1963) e "Estrada da Vida" (1968) among other films. He appeared in Portuguese and international TV series — such as "Ivone a Faz Tudo" (1978), "Millionen nach Maß" (1970) or "Le Comte de Monte-Cristo" (1980) — and TV shows — like "Zip-Zip" (1969), where he made some comical sketches with Raul Solnado.
Paulo Renato died on September 26, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19973854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973854" title="Alexander S. Johnson">
Alexander S. Johnson

Alexander Smith Johnson (July 30, 1817 Utica, Oneida County, New York - January 26, 1878 Nassau, New Providence, The Bahamas) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1858 to 1859.
Life.
He was the son of Alexander Bryan Johnson and Abigail Louisa Smith (Adams) Johnson (1798–1836, granddaughter of President John Adams). 
He graduated from Yale College in 1835. Then he studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1838, and commenced practice in Utica in partnership with Samuel Beardsley. In 1839 he removed to New York City and formed a partnership with Elisha P. Hurlbut. 
In 1852, Johnson married Catherine M. Crysler (1833–1898), and they had four children.
He was a judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1852 to 1859, elected on the Democratic ticket, and was Chief Judge from 1858 to 1859. In 1859, Hamilton College conferred the title of LL.D. on him. In November 1859, he was defeated for re-election by Republican Henry E. Davies. Afterwards he resumed his law practice in Utica.
In 1864, he was appointed United States Commissioner for the settlement of the claims of the Hudson Bay and Puget Sound Companies under the Oregon Treaty, Great Britain being represented by Sir John Rose, 1st Baronet. Warm praise was awarded Judge Johnson in both England and Canada for the sagacity that he displayed in the peaceful settlement of these difficulties, which at one time threatened serious results.
In December 1873, he was appointed to the Court of Appeals by Governor John Adams Dix to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Rufus W. Peckham, Sr.. In November 1874, he ran for a full term on the Republican ticket, but was defeated, and left the bench on December 31, 1874.
In October 1875, he was appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant Circuit Judge of the Second U. S. Judicial Circuit. He died in office in 1878, and was buried at the Forest Hill Cemetery in Utica, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="19973860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973860" title="Maury Dean">
Maury Dean

Maury Dean is an American musician, professor and author, whose book "The Rock Revolution" is in the Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame and the Smithsonian. 
Music.
Dean taught a "History of Rock N' Roll" course at Suffolk County Community College, and was a member of the band "The Woolies", whose cover of the song "Who Do You Love?" hit the #95 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 charts in 1967. Dean was also in the rock band, "Maury Dean & The Night Shift" - who recorded for the Detroit-based Fortune Records. He was also a writer at Motown Records, where he says he lasted all of a few days before leaving.
Author.
Dean's first book, "The Rock Revolution" is considered one of the earliest books about rock n' roll, having been written and published in 1966. Dean has also authored "Rock N' Roll Gold Rush", a book that is used as the textbook to his rock n' roll classes, as well as other professor's classes. "Rock N' Roll Gold Rush" also contains his opinions on music, with most of the text dedicated to his opinions on certain singles, musicians, and bands. Dean also wrote another book, about Buddy Holly, titled "This'll Be the Day: The Life and Legacy of Buddy Holly". It was released in April 2009.
Personal life.
Dean's son, Jeremy, is the keyboardist for the band Nine Days, whose song "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" hit #6 on the Billboard charts. Dean retired from teaching in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19973872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973872" title="Dětřichov (Svitavy District)">
Dětřichov (Svitavy District)

Dětřichov (German: "Dittersdorf") is a small village and municipality on the Bohemia-Moravia borderline in the Svitavy District of the Pardubice Region, Czech Republic. The village is located about 12 km northeast of Svitavy and 19 km northwest of Moravská Třebová and it is a part of the microregion Svitavsko. The population as of 2008 was 315. The upper part of the village is called Víska (German: "Stillfried") and the next part is a settlement Vysoké Pole (German: "Hohenfeld") which is situated southeast in the middle of woods. Vysoké Pole was until 1945 mostly inhabited by Germans, but after the end of the World War II the settlement largely dissolved.
Parts of the municipality.
The village is divided in following parts:
• Dětřichov
• Vysoké Pole
• Víska
History.
First written mention of the village dates from 1347 however a neolithic settlement from about 1000 BC was discovered near the village. Dětřichov was settled mostly by Germans until the end of the World War II. After 1945, most German inhabitants were dislocated. The population decreased from 1104 inhabitants in 1921 to 328 in 1965.
Name.
The original Latin name of the village Theodorici Villa was probably named after its founder Dieter (Czech: Dětřich) Theodorick. The German name was lately Ditersdorf (English: Diter's village). According to František Palacký the original Czech name is Jetřichova ves.
Sights.
• Church of St. Peter and Paul
Adjacent towns and villages.
• Svitavy 
• Moravská Třebová
• Opatov
• Opatovec
• Kunčina
• Koclířov
Publications.
• Jiří Němeček- Dějiny obce Dětřichov (1998)
References.
[http://www.nasemorava.cz/detrichov] 
[http://www.svitavskoweb.cz/place.asp?place=3]
See also.
Svitavy District 
Pardubice Region

</doc>
<doc id="19973897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973897" title="George L. Lorillard">
George L. Lorillard

George Lyndes Lorillard (March 26, 1843 – 1892) was an American tobacco manufacturer and a prominent Thoroughbred racehorse owner.
Biography.
He was born in Westchester, New York, the son of Pierre Lorillard III (1796-1867) and Catherine Griswold. In 1760, his great-grandfather founded P. Lorillard and Company in New York City to process tobacco, cigars, and snuff. Today, Lorillard Tobacco Company is the oldest tobacco company in the United States.
Lorillard owned a mansion on on Long Island, located north of the Montauk Highway and west of Connetquot Road. In 1884 he sold much of this estate to William Bayard Cutting, who built the notable house called Westbrook on the land.
He also maintained a winter home in St. Augustine, Florida.
At the time of his death in 1886, George Lorillard was married to Marie Louise Lafarge, later Countess Di Agreda.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
George Lorillard, as well as his brother Pierre, was a dominant owner during the latter part of the 19th Century in racing in New York, New Jersey and Maryland. At his Long Island estate, he built a large stable and training track. Lorillard arranged to take in boys from the New York House of Refuge who were given stable work and educated in a specially built schoolroom. The boys learned to ride horses and after a five-year apprenticeship were given an opprtunity to become a professional jockey. Notable among them was Tom Costello, who won numerous important races including three American Classics.
George Lorillard's racing stable was handled by trainer R. Wyndham Walden. Notably they then won the Preakness Stakes a record five straight years between 1878 and 1882, the Belmont Stakes in 1878, 1880, and 1881 and the Travers Stakes in 1878 and 1880. Among George Lorillard's best horses was Saunterer, Vanguard, Grenada, Tom Ochiltree and Duke of Magenta.
In 1878, George Lorillard headed a group of investors which included David D. Withers and Gordon Bennett, Jr. who bought Monmouth Park Racetrack. Under Lorillard's management, they built a new racing facility on of land with the then largest grandstand in the United States. Opened on July 4, 1890, the track flourished and became known as the "Newmarket of America."
George Lorillard died in 1886 at the age of forty-two. Lorillard Avenue in The Bronx is named for him and brother Pier
George Lorillard's will was reported in the "Louisville Courier-Journal" (Louisville, Kentucky), February 6, 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="19973918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973918" title="Sen o Warszawie">
Sen o Warszawie

Sen o Warszawie (""Dream About Warsaw"") - compilation of Czesław Niemen's first singles. All songs were remastered in 1995.
The song "Sen o Warszawie" is the anthem of the football club Legia Warszawa, being sung by fans before every match.

</doc>
<doc id="19973922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973922" title="Huntingdale Golf Club">
Huntingdale Golf Club

Huntingdale Golf Club is a golf club located in South Oakleigh, Melbourne, Australia.
The origins of what would become Huntingdale Golf Club began in 1924, when a Committee leased some property in Doncaster Road, Doncaster and laid out an 18 hole course amid the surrounding orchards. The same Committee took over the assets of the Box Hill Golf Club and re-established it at the Doncaster Road site, under the name of Eastern Golf Club as it is known today.
In the years prior to the second World War, there had been many discussions on the merit of transferring the Club on to the famous sand belt area in the south east of Melbourne, but plans were held in abeyance due to the lack of suitable ground being available.
Early in 1938 a chance remark by one of the members elicited the fact that Mrs Creswick was considering the disposal of the old Melbourne Hunt Club grounds at East Oakleigh.
The course design was entrusted to C.H. Alison, an English golf architect, who worked entirely from models, contour plans, and written information as to the topography of the ground. Former curator, the late Sam Beriman, was co-opted to adapt Allison's designs to the terrain.
The course opened in 1941, and it was at that time the name Huntingdale Golf Club was adopted.
Today with its development as a Club, and advancement as an Australian Championship Golf Course, the future of Huntingdale Golf Club is secure. It proudly takes its place among the unique group of world class courses of which Melbourne is justly proud.
Rising to fame in March 1979 with the inaugural hosting of The Australian Masters, Huntingdale has emerged as one of the most recognisable golf courses in Australia, and the world. Since 1979, Huntingdale has played host to some of the most famous names in world golf, including Jack Nicklaus, Greg Norman, Peter Thomson, Gary Player, Arnold Palmer, Norman Von Nida, Nick Faldo, Bernhard Langer, Ian Woosnam, Ian Baker-Finch, John Daly, Tom Watson, Nick Price, and Tiger Woods. 
In 2008, Huntingdale celebrated the 30th year of hosting the Australian Masters and was justifiably recognised as the 'Home of the Australian Masters'.
Huntingdale Golf Club is also renowned for producing a number of world class golfers and both current and former members can be found playing on all major men and ladies tours throughout the world.
Huntingdale has hosted the Australian Masters since its inception in 1979. However, this long association was broken in 2009, when the tournament began a venue rotation policy.

</doc>
<doc id="19973925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973925" title="Knowledge organization (management)">
Knowledge organization (management)

See also Knowledge organization (in Library and Information Science).
A knowledge organization is a management idea, describing an organization in which people use systems and processes to generate, transform, manage, use, and transfer knowledge-based products and services to achieve organizational goals. A knowledge organization also links past, present, and future by capturing and preserving knowledge in the past, sharing and mobilizing knowledge today, and knowledge organizations can be viewed from a number of perspectives: their general nature, networks, behavior, human dimensions, communications, intelligence, functions and services.
Nature of Knowledge Organizations.
Peter Drucker (1974) may have been the first to describe knowledge workers and knowledge work.
Savage (1990)observed that the nature of an organization based on knowledge rather than industrial society notions of land, labor, or capital was not well understood. Mcgee and Prusak (1993)[5 noted that core competencies are not what an organization owns, but rather what it knows.
Knowledge organizations have a network dimension. Davis (1977)states that networks would not replace hierarchies, but that the two would coexist within a broader organizational concept. Similarly, Amidon (1997)[7 points out that traditional industrial-era hierarchies are neither flexible nor fluid enough to mobilize an organization's intellectual capacity and that much less constrained networked organizational forms are needed for modern decision making. Tapscott (1998) notes that there is an underlying logic and order to the emerging digital organizational form. It is networked, involves multiple enterprises, is based on core competencies, and knowledge is actively created, exchanged, and used.
There is also a behavioral approach. Bartlett (1999) indicates that organizational structure is just a skeleton. Knowledge organizations also have a physiology in the form of the flow of information and knowledge, as life-blood. They also have a psychology represented by people's values and how they act as individuals and collectively.
Knowledge is created and used by people. Strassman (1985) described the transformation of work in the electronic age from the standpoint of education and training for managers and employees, human aspects of the working environment, and issues of morale, motivation, privacy, and displacements. Bartlett (1999) indicates that empowerment is not possible in an autocratic organization, that networks cannot be sustained in fixed hierarchical structure, and that learning is not possible in an environment constrained by rigid policies and procedures. Davenport (1997) used an information ecology approach, in which he explored the use and abuse of information in the context of infighting, resource hoarding, and political battles as well as appropriate management in such a context.
Simard (2000) states that knowledge is inextricably linked to organizational mandates. Some providers strive for objectivity, others selectively disseminate information and knowledge, while still others use information to further their agenda. Users must understand that information is not innocent, and that all information is not created equal.
Knowledge organizations also have collective intelligence. Liautaut (2001) points out that in the knowledge economy, being an intelligent business is not only a prerequisite to winning, but even to compete in the first place. In a fluid, fast-paced knowledge market, companies that can find and exploit the slightest advantage for faster, better decision making will dominate. He also indicates that the greater the exchange of data and information across an organization, the more intelligent it will be.
From a functional perspective, in a knowledge organization, content (objects, data, information, knowledge, and wisdom) are generated by knowledge workers. Content is captured, organized, and preserved to enable its reuse and leveraging by people and groups other than those who generated it. Infrastructure is in place to enable sharing of content across all elements of an organization and with external partners, as appropriate. Procedures are in place to integrate content from multiple sources and mobilize it to achieve organizational goals and objectives. A learning culture promotes not only individual learning but also results in a shared understanding. Finally, the organization embraces continuous evolutionary change to sustain itself in a constantly changing environment.
Simard et al. (2007) described five functions of a knowledge-service organization:
generate content 
transform content into useful products and services 
preserve and manage content to enable organizational use and external transfer 
use content to achieve organizational goals, and 
transfer content externally, in the form of products and services. 
Functions 1, 3, and 5 are essential and cannot be bypassed.
The knowledge in organizations is more complicated. Except from formal and informal documents, Davenport & Prusak’s (1998) also introduced routines, processes, practices and norms. It may therefore be clear that organizational knowledge is much more than a sum of all the individual knowledge (see Bhatt, 2000a). In a survey conducted by Cranfield University (1998) it became clear that most of the knowledge an organization needs, already exists in the organization, but that finding and identifying it were the problems (see also Hinds &Pfeffer, 2001). This has several explanations.
First of all it depends how the knowledge in an organization is organized. Hansen et al. (1999) made a distinction between a codification and personalization strategy. A codification strategy focuses as the word already implicates, to codify knowledge in a company, where a personalization strategy implies personal interaction as the main factor for exchanging knowledge. Both strategies have their problems. First of all it is in many cases not possible to codify knowledge because of e.g. codifiability and complexity (see Kogut and Zander, 1992 for a very clear and elaborated study on this subject). This is called cognitive limitations (Hinds & Pfeffer, 2001). Hinds & Pfeffer (2001, pp4) argue that :
"As expertise increases, mental representations become more abstract and simplified" 
And even if people can share knowledge, sometimes they do not want to. Hinds & Pfeffer (2001) call this motivational limitations. Hall et al. (2001) see rewards and informal activities with colleagues as the solution for the so-called motivational limitations. They divided the rewards in two groups, the explicit and the soft rewards. Explicit rewards are e.g. economic incentives and career advancement. Soft rewards are non-economic rewards such as reputation and satisfaction.
All this theory is based on formal structures in an organization. Organizations all also exist out informal ties and networks. This complicates organizational goals of formal knowledge sharing. A company will lose track of who has what knowledge because of the informal networks. This does not mean that informal networks are negative, just on the contrary, informal networks can create ties and surroundings which are necessary for knowledge sharing (see Brown & Deguid, 2001). Informal networks have received different names in the literature such as sensemaking (Weick, 1979), communities of practice (Brown & Deguid 1998) and communities of knowing (Boland &Tenkasi, 1995), Nikolai Groups (Nikolaivitch 1956). As Pan & Leidner (2003) argue in their paper, communities of practice exist because functional boundaries do not fit the community boundaries. They state (pp 73): “facilitate an environment of 'structured informality' supported by knowledge, people, organizational processes and infrastructure.”
The implication and unfortunately also the complication of informal networks is that an organization loose the general view of the knowledge in the organization. As showed by Cross et al. (2001) an informal structure significantly differs of the formal one. To effectively maximize the potential the authors argue that it is necessary to analyze both structures. They introduce the so-called Social Network analysis which systematically assesses informal networks. The result is that knowledge consequently can be collected from formal and informal networks to create a socio-knowledge matrix in organizations.
See also.
Digital Economy <br>
Information economy <br>
Information Market <br>
Information Society <br>
Internet Economy <br>
Knowledge market <br>
Knowledge policy <br>
Knowledge Revolution <br>
Knowledge services <br>
Knowledge workers <br>
Knowledge Value <br>
Network Economy <br>
Personal information management
References.
^ Hoetzlein R., 2007. The Organization of Human Knowledge: Systems for Interdisciplinary Research. Available at: http://www.rchoetzlein.com/quanta <br>
^ Savage, Charles M. 1990. 5th Generation Management. Digital Press. p. 88 <br>
^ McGee, James and Laurence Prusak. 1993. Managing information Strategically. John Wiley & Sons. p42. <br>
^ Davis, Stanley M. 1977. Future Perfect, p89. <br>
^ Amidon, Debra M. 1997. Innovation Strategy for the Knowledge Economy. Butterworth-Heinemann. p18. <br>
^ Tapscott, Don. 1998. Blueprint to the Digital Economy. McGraw-Hill. <br>
^ a b Bartlett, Christopher A. 1999. The Knowledge-Based Organization, in: The Knowledge Advantage (Ruggles), p111 <br>
^ Simard, Albert. 2000. Managing Knowledge at the Canadian Forest Service. Natural Resources Canada. p21. [2 [4 <br>
^ Liautaut, Bernard. 2001. E-Business Intelligence. McGraw-Hill. p4, 13 <br>
^ Simard, Albert, John Broome, Malcolm Drury, Brian Haddon, Bob O'Neil, and Dave Pasho. 2007. Understanding Knowledge Services at Natural Resources Canada. Natural Resources Canada, Office of the Chief Scientist, Ottawa, ON. 80p. [6 
Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_organization"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19973946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973946" title="Rishabhapriya">
Rishabhapriya

Rishabhapriya is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 62nd "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Charukesi", which is the 26th "melakarta". It is called Ratipriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 11th "chakra Rudra". The mnemonic name is "Rudra-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu mi pa dha ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This scale uses the notes "chathusruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kaisiki nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
A few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) are associated with "Rishabhapriya". See List of "janya" rāgams for all associated scales of "Rishabhapriya" and other 71 "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions which are set to "Rishabhapriya" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Rishabhapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam" from the "panchamam" (Pa), yields one other "melakarta" rāgam, namely "Kokilapriya". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. "Rishabhapriya" and "Kokilapriya" are also the only melakarta rāgams to contain a wholetone scale. Omitting Pa in "Rishabhapriya" and Sa in "Kokilapriya" yields the scale. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Kokilapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19973947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973947" title="Etiquette in Pakistan">
Etiquette in Pakistan

In Pakistan, Islamic culture is predominant but Pakistan also has cultural etiquette based mainly on South Asian influence, as well as British.
Business meeting.
3

</doc>
<doc id="19973948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973948" title="Locution">
Locution

Locution can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19973993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19973993" title="Paulo Renato">
Paulo Renato

Paulo Renato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974016" title="Diphenidol">
Diphenidol

Diphenidol is an muscarinic antagonist employed as an antiemetic and as an antivertigo agent. It is not marketed in the United States or Canada.
References.
DrugBank http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB01231

</doc>
<doc id="19974041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974041" title="Hadronectoridae">
Hadronectoridae

Hadronectoridae is an extinct family of prehistoric coelacanth fishes which lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19974067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974067" title="Arrats">
Arrats

The Arrats is a 162 km long river in southern France, left tributary of the Garonne. Its source is in the northern foothills of the Pyrenees, near Sariac-Magnoac. It flows north through the following "départements" and towns:
It flows into the Garonne near Valence, between Castelsarrasin and Agen.

</doc>
<doc id="19974093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974093" title="NS DM 90">
NS DM 90

The NS Class 3400 diesel multiple units were built by Duewag, Talbot and SIG between 1996 and 1998. They operate in the Netherlands. They are operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen and some are currently on loan to Syntus. The class is referred to as DM'90 or Buffel by the Dutch, which means Buffalo. Class 3400 are now the only DMUs in service with the NS. DM'90 is short for Dieselmaterieel 90, meaning Diesel rolling stock from the 1990s.
Specific Operations.
3403 and 3410 are branded for the Zwolle - Kampen service.
3401, 3402, 3404, 3412 and 3414 were branded for the Apeldoorn - Zutphen service.
Current operations.
As of December 15st 2013:
Previous operations.
Operations on these lines transferred from Syntus to Arriva since the start of the public transport timetable 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19974099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974099" title="D. W. Voorhies House">
D. W. Voorhies House

D. W. Voorhies House is a house in St. Martinville, Louisiana. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16, 2008.
The house was built in 1903 with many decorative features, all of which survive, although one, the front door, was moved to a different location in the house. The details include fishscale shingles, an oculus, and beaded rails in a wraparound porch.
It is the 16th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19974122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974122" title="Genesee Intermediate School District">
Genesee Intermediate School District

Genesee Intermediate School District (GISD) is an Intermediate School District (ISD) in Michigan serving the school districts and public school academies that primarily lie within Genesee County. As an NCA AdvancED accredited ISD, it provides leadership that links learners to public schools, the community, the private sector, and public agencies in order to improve education and enhance lifelong learning for all citizens. GISD provides programs and services to students, educators, and families in the areas of general education, career technical education, and special education.

</doc>
<doc id="19974127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974127" title="CALPASC">
CALPASC

The California Professional Association of Specialty Contractors (CALPASC) is a non-profit trade association that represents subcontractors on legislative, judicial, and regulatory matters including advocacy, training and education, specialized resources, and networking.
History.
In 1999 the association started under the name PASC in San Diego, California. In 2003, it became CALPASC which includes multiple throughout California. The association has been active in state politics with AB 758 in 2005 and AB 2738 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19974130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974130" title="Chitrambari">
Chitrambari

Chitrambari (pronounced "chitrāmbari") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 66th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Chaturangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Naganandini", which is the 30th "melakarta".
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 11th "chakra Rudra". The mnemonic name for this rāgam is "Rudra-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu mi pa dhu nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
Since it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (it has all 7 notes in ascending and descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Chitrambari" has a few "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which Amritavarshini is very popular. "List of janya rāgams" contains the full list of rāgams associated with "Chitrambari" and other "melakartas".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Chitrambari" are:
Related rāgams.
The theoretical and scientific aspect of Chitrambari are described below.
"Chitrambari's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Shanmukhapriya", "Shoolini" and "Dhenuka". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" (Sa) to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19974144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974144" title="Laugiidae">
Laugiidae

Laugiidae is an extinct family of prehistoric sarcopterygian fishes which lived during the Triassic and Jurassic period. Their fossils has been found in Germany, Greenland and China

</doc>
<doc id="19974148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974148" title="Daniil Simkin">
Daniil Simkin

Daniil Simkin (born 12 October 1987 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian ballet dancer and Principal dancer with American Ballet Theatre. His parents Dmitrij Simkin and Olga Aleksandrova are also ballet dancers. The family left the Soviet Union in 1990. His parents were engaged to dance in Graz, then took engagements in various cities in Germany before settling in Wiesbaden in 1993, where he spent the rest of his childhood.
Unlike most professional ballet dancers Simkin did not attend a vocational ballet school. He was coached privately by his mother, who became a ballet teacher after retiring from dancing in 1999,
Simkin's first professional position was with the Vienna State Opera Ballet, where he was a demi-soloist from 2006 to 2008. During this time he made his debut in a principal role as a guest with the Lithuanian National Ballet. In 2008 he became a soloist at the American Ballet Theatre in New York, and in 2012 he was promoted to principal dancer. He is a regular on the international ballet gala circuit, and presented his own gala in Athens in 2009 in collaboration with his father, who now works as a choreographer and stage designer.
Simkin is often spoken of as one of the most significant male talents to emerge in ballet in recent years. He is relatively small and lightly built, and of a youthful demeanour, but he is noted for his exceptional jumps, the speed and precision of his pirouettes, and his instinctive communication with the audience.
Simkin has been noted as one of the first ballet dancers to be active in Web 2.0 media such as YouTube and Twitter, and has spoken in interviews about the need for ballet to open up, demystify itself and modernize the way it connects with audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="19974152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974152" title="Bibirevo (Moscow Metro)">
Bibirevo (Moscow Metro)

Bibirevo () is a station of the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened in 1992, and until the extension to Altufyevo was the terminus of the line. The station is a pylon-trivault, but the columns are cylindrical rather than the rectangular shape found on other similar stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19974153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974153" title="Los Yonic's">
Los Yonic's

Los Yonic's (or Los Yonics) are a Mexican pop group formed in the 1970s.
Los Yonic's began playing together in San Luis Pedro but later moved to Acapulco, playing both tropical pop music and ballads. Their music became very popular among American Hispanics in cities such as Los Angeles, San Jose, Phoenix, Arizona, and El Paso. They had a string of #1 albums on the Billboard Regional Mexican charts in the 1980s, and have continued to enjoy chart success on the American market since.

</doc>
<doc id="19974160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974160" title="2008 Estoril Superleague Formula round">
2008 Estoril Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Estoril Superleague Formula round was the fourth round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on October 19, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, the same number of teams as there was at the previous two rounds. There were four driver changes for this round of the championship: Franck Perera joined A.S. Roma replacing Enrico Toccacelo, with Toccacelo moving to the Borussia Dortmund car, replacing Paul Meijer as original driver Nelson Philippe was on GP2 Asia Series duty in Shanghai. Meijer also stayed in the series, moving to the Al Ain car, as both of their previous drivers Andreas Zuber (also in Shanghai) and Bertrand Baguette (in Barcelona for the final World Series by Renault round of the season) were unavailable. Just like Baguette, Duncan Tappy was unavailable to drive the Tottenham Hotspur car, and was replaced by Dominik Jackson. The meeting saw a second win for Liverpool F.C. and a first win for Al Ain. Beijing Guoan extended their championship lead to 35 points, thanks to a pair of fifths for Davide Rigon.
Report.
Qualifying.
After the random draw which split the eighteen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. For the first time in Superleague Formula, the eight knockout qualifiers were the eight fastest drivers out of the two groups. As fastest drivers in their groups, Franck Perera (A.S. Roma) and Kasper Andersen (Olympiacos CFP) were expected to meet in the final, however Robert Doornbos' A.C. Milan machine knocked out the Dane in the semis. In the final itself, Perera recorded the fastest lap to become the fourth different polesitter in four races.
Race 1.
From the start, Perera led away from Doornbos, Adrián Vallés (Liverpool F.C.) and Tristan Gommendy (F.C. Porto), with Andersen being delayed from third on the grid. Lower down the field, tenth-placed Max Wissel (FC Basel 1893) collided with seventh-placed Enrico Toccacelo (Borussia Dortmund) collided at Curva 1, with Wissel retiring on the spot and Toccacelo retiring at the end of the lap, with front wing damage from the accident. It stayed that way until the mandatory stops, with Davide Rigon (Beijing Guoan) joining in on the fun also. Lap 10 saw Perera pitting with a four-second lead, closely followed by Vallés. A fumble by a rear tyre changer cost the French driver time and the place to Vallés. Doornbos came in to pit next time around with Rigon which put Gommendy into the lead, for home side Porto. He would lead for a couple of laps, before pitting which allowed Antônio Pizzonia (SC Corinthians) to lead for a lap. When all the stops cycled through, Liverpool led from Milan, Roma and Beijing with Pizzonia up to fifth. Pizzonia would pass Rigon for fourth towards the end of the race as the Italian was nursing an ailing car home with only fourth through sixth gears, and closed to a second behind Perera at the finish. Gommendy's strong run was ended by a water pump failure on lap 26, ruling that car out for the rest of the day. So, Vallés won his second Superleague race by 0.948 seconds from Doornbos, and then followed by Perera, Pizzonia, Rigon, Andy Soucek (Atlético Madrid), Alessandro Pier Guidi (Galatasaray S.K.), Borja García (Sevilla FC), Yelmer Buurman (PSV Eindhoven), Andersen, Tuka Rocha (CR Flamengo), Paul Meijer (Al Ain), Ryan Dalziel (Rangers F.C.), Craig Dolby (R.S.C. Anderlecht) and debutant Dominik Jackson rounding out the field for Tottenham Hotspur in 15th.
Race 2.
Rigon started from the pit lane, following a gearbox change after race one. From the start, polesitter Wissel led from Toccacelo and Jackson with action towards the back with Soucek's engine blowing. Jackson moved up to second, passing Toccacelo around the back of the circuit and closed up on Wissel down the front straight, and at Curva 1, Jackson would take the lead for a couple of laps. On lap 4, Toccacelo came up to the back of the Englishman's car, having already disposed of Wissel and did the same to Jackson. Towards the back, Perera and Vallés would collide at turn six, with Perera spinning into the gravel and retirement and Vallés retreating to the pits for a new nosecone. Dalziel also had a moment, and spun into retirement as well, with unrepairable accident damage. Out front, Toccacelo was establishing a healthy lead before his pit-stop on lap 14. Andersen then led for three laps before his pitstop, handing the lead back to Toccacelo, with Meijer now in tow, thanks to an early pitstop on lap 10. Wissel and Andersen would both retire in the late stages with mechanical problems and with three laps to go, gremlins would strike Toccacelo. Fading oil pressure switched the engine's ECU into safety mode, and was helpless in stopping Meijer through to the lead. After recording his first pole at Zolder, Meijer recorded his first win by nearly two seconds from Doornbos (up from 17th) with Pier Guidi, Pizzonia and Rigon further deposing Toccacelo before the flag. García, Buurman, Dolby, Rocha, Jackson and Vallés completed the finishers. Healthy finishes for Rigon allowed Beijing to head to the penultimate round at Vallelunga with a 35-point lead from PSV, with Liverpool now in third just a point further back. With a maximum of 200 points available, the championship is still wide open.

</doc>
<doc id="19974168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974168" title="Maria Riccetto">
Maria Riccetto

Maria Riccetto is an Uruguayan ballet dancer and former soloist with American Ballet Theatre (ABT).
Biography.
Ms. Riccetto was born in Montevideo, Uruguay, and began studying ballet at the Uruguay National Ballet School in 1990. She was hired as a professional dancer in 1995 by the national ballet company, S.O.D.R.E, dancing pieces by Rodolfo Lastra, Ivan Tenorio, Jaime Pintos, and others. In 1998, Riccetto was named "Revelation of the Year" by Uruguayan dance critic Washington Roldan, and received the Elena Smirnova Prize from Enrique Honorio Destaville, an Argentine ballet reviewer. Later that year she attended the North Carolina School of the Arts on a full scholarship. There she performed in "Grand Pas Romantique" (choreographed and staged by Fernando Bujones) and "Intermezzo" (choreographed by Eliot Feld).
She also danced the roles of the Sugar Plum Fairy and the Snow Queen in "The Nutcracker". In 1999, when the production was performed at the Hungarian National Academy, Ms. Riccetto was invited to Budapest to reprise her role as the Sugar Plum Fairy, dancing with Gabor Szigeti, a soloist with the Hungarian National Ballet. Riccetto was as a guest artist at the 25th Anniversary Gala for the Uruguay National Ballet School and was invited by that country's First Lady to dance in Montevideo and Punta Del Este. In August 1999, Riccetto joined American Ballet Theatre's corps de ballet and three years later she was promoted to soloist.
Riccetto was the "dance double" for Mila Kunis in the 2010 film "Black Swan", a psychological thriller about ballet dancers in New York City.
After 13 years of dancing in the American Ballet Theatre, in 2012 Ricceto came back to Uruguay to dance in the national ballet company, S.O.D.R.E., directed by Argentinian former dancer Julio Bocca.
Selected repertoire.
American Ballet Theatre

</doc>
<doc id="19974179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974179" title="The Leland Hotel (Detroit, Michigan)">
The Leland Hotel (Detroit, Michigan)

The Detroit-Leland Hotel is a historic hotel located at 400 Bagley Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The ballroom of the Detroit-Leland has hosted a nightclub, the City Club, since 1983. The hotel is now named The Leland.
History.
The Detroit-Leland Hotel (named for Cadillac founder Henry M. Leland) opened its doors in April, 1927. It had 800 air-conditioned hotel rooms, along with a dining room, coffee shop, ball room, and 11 stores at street level.
Construction.
The Detroit-Leland Hotel is a 22-story building faced with brick, granite, and terra cotta.
It was designed in the Beaux-Arts architectural style by the Chicago firm of Rapp & Rapp, using mainly limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19974184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974184" title="Otradnoye (Moscow Metro)">
Otradnoye (Moscow Metro)

Otradnoye () is a station of the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened in 1991, and built to a single-vault technology. The station contains several mosaic artworks.

</doc>
<doc id="19974209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974209" title="Sarah Lane (dancer)">
Sarah Lane (dancer)

Sarah Lane is an American ballet dancer and a soloist with the American Ballet Theatre (ABT).
Early life.
Lane was born in San Francisco, California. She started training for dance at the Memphis Classical Ballet in Memphis, Tennessee. Her family later moved to Rochester, New York where she continued her training at the Draper Center for Dance Education. At the age of 16 she attended the Boston Ballet's Summer Program on a full scholarship. At the North American Ballet Festival in 2000 and 2001, she won first place and received the Capezio Class Excellence Award.
In 2002 she received the highest medal in the Junior Division of the Jackson International Ballet Competition. During that time she also performed at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., as a presidential scholar in the arts. Also in 2002, she won the bronze medal at the Youth America Grand Prix Competition.
Career.
Lane joined the American Ballet Theatre in August 2003 as an apprentice, moved up to the corps de ballet in April 2004, and was promoted to soloist in August 2007. She won a Princess Grace Award in 2007 and received a Leonore Annenberg Fellowship in the arts in 2008.
Her repertoire with the ABT includes:
A Shade in "La Bayadère",
Galya in "The Bright Stream",
Blossom in "Cinderella",
Gulnare in "Le Corsaire",
Amour and a flower girl in "Don Quixote",
Anne in Christopher Wheeldon's "VIII",
the "Flames of Paris" pas de deux,
the peasant pas de deux in "Giselle",
the Two of Diamonds in "Jeu de cartes",
Clara in Alexei Ratmansky's "The Nutcracker",
the youngest sister in "Pillar of Fire" by Antony Tudor,
one of Juliet's friends in "Romeo and Juliet",
Celestial in "Shadowplay",
Princess Aurora, Princess Florine and the Fairies of Charity and Joy in "The Sleeping Beauty",
the pas de trois, Polish Princess and a little swan in "Swan Lake",
a Goat in "Sylvia",
and a leading role in "Theme and Variations".
"Black Swan".
Lane served as a "dance double" for Natalie Portman in the 2010 film "Black Swan", a psychological thriller about ballet dancers in New York City. In a March 3 blog entry for "Dance Magazine", editor-in-chief Wendy Perron asked: "Do people really believe that it takes only one year to make a ballerina? We know that Natalie Portman studied ballet as a kid and had a year of intensive training for the film, but that doesn’t add up to being a ballerina. However, it seems that many people believe that Portman did her own dancing in "Black Swan"." This led to responses from Benjamin Millepied and Aronofsky, who both defended Portman, as well as a response from Lane on the subject.
Personal life.
In December 2007, Lane married Luis Ribagorda, a member of the ABT's "corps de ballet". They reside in Union City, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19974213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974213" title="Dmitrovskaya (Moscow Metro)">
Dmitrovskaya (Moscow Metro)

Dmitrovskaya () is a station of the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened in 1991, and is named for the highway leading to the town of Dmitrov. The station is a pylon-trivault.
The station has a connection to the railway platform of Dmitrovskaya which serves the Rizhsky suburban direction of Moscow Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19974227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974227" title="Frank Hasse">
Frank Hasse

Frank Hasse was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, on 6 August 1944, when in command of the 11th Company, 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH".
Hasse was killed on 24 December 1944 at Petit Coo in Belgium during the Ardenness Offensive, by Guerrillas and is buried in the war graves cemetery Lommel.
See also.
Paul L. Bolden was awarded the Medal of Honor for killing 35 SS men at the same location as Hasse was reported killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19974236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974236" title="Cases Journal">
Cases Journal

Cases Journal was an open access, peer-reviewed medical journal publishing any case reports from any area of healthcare that were understandable, ethical, authentic, and included all information essential to its interpretation. The journal had no publication criteria based on the interest level of the case. The editor in chief of "Cases Journal" was Richard Smith. Articles that were published in "Cases Journal" are indexed in PubMed and archived in PubMed Central.

</doc>
<doc id="19974239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974239" title="QA/QC">
QA/QC

QA/QC is the combination of quality assurance, the process or set of processes used to measure and assure the quality of a product, and quality control, the process of meeting products and services to consumer expectations.

</doc>
<doc id="19974256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974256" title="Journal of West African Languages">
Journal of West African Languages

The Journal of West African Languages is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the study of West African languages. It is the official publication of the West African Linguistic Society.
History.
The journal was established in 1964 and up to volume 8 published by Cambridge University Press. It was subsequently taken over by the West African Linguistic Society. Editing and production were initially undertaken at the University of Ibadan, but production was later transferred to the Summer Institute of Linguistics beginning with volume 12.
The journal is published in volumes of two issues per year (May and November), in print form only. Earlier editions are available on-line.
The current editor-in-chief is Keir Hansford (SIL International).
Indexing and abstracting.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Abstracts in Anthropology, International Bibliography of the Social Sciences, Linguistic Bibliography, Linguistics Abstracts, Linguistics and Language Behavior Abstracts, MLA International Bibliography, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="19974259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974259" title="Proctor's Theater (Troy, New York)">
Proctor's Theater (Troy, New York)

Proctor's Theater is located on Fourth Street (northbound US 4) in Troy, New York, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and is a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District, added to the Register in 1986.
It was built in 1914 for vaudeville performances by Capital District entrepreneur Frederick Freeman Proctor, who also built another theater with his name in nearby Schenectady. Its double-balcony auditorium made it easily adaptable for showing motion pictures when that entertainment came into fashion soon after it opened. The building is credited to architect Arland W. Johnson.
In the late 1970s it closed. Since then it has been through several owners, including Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), which have had various plans, including renovating it into office space or reusing it as a theater. None have yet come to fruition, and it currently remains unused in any capacity.
Building.
The theater is part of a row of buildings along the east side of Fourth Street. It is five stories high, with a highly decorative front facade of brick and marble covered in glazed terra-cotta. On the ground level, rusticated columns rise up to lion's heads. Five engaged marble columns frame the upper floors, rising to gargoyle-like figures, and two towers rise above the roofline at either end of the facade. The one above the main entry features a variety of terra cotta details: colonettes, dentils, escutcheons, and paretae.
The interior has suffered from years of neglect, but its basic plan remains. The tiled lobby with arched ceilings and paneled walls, leads via staircases to the two balconies, and into a foyer to the orchestra floor. Gold leaf adorned (or originally did) the arches in that section. The proscenium features a David Lithgow painting of Lafayette's visit to Troy in 1824. All these fixtures remain unchanged from the theater's original construction.
History.
Proctor, who had already built and operated several successful vaudeville theaters in Albany and New York City hired Arlard Johnson to design the theater, hoping to make it his grandest project since he had entered the business nearly three decades before. It cost $325,000 to construct, and when it opened in 1914 it became the largest theater in the state and was praised as "a structure ranking foremost in American theatrical circles."
From their inception, he had realized the potential of motion pictures and had begun adapting his theaters to the new medium. The Troy Proctor's classically inspired double-balcony form lent itself well to the movies because it put the audience close to the stage no matter where they were in the theater. It had not been designed to accommodate a projector and screen, but by the 1920s a booth had been added. During that era its productions, like many other theaters of the time, included both live and filmed entertainment. In the 1930s, with the advent of the sound era making the live act superfluous, the central chandelier was removed along with some other renovations, including removing the paintings from the lobby and painting over the gold leaf in the orchestra.
After Proctor's death in 1929, the theater continued to operate as a popular downtown destination. After the mid-20th century, it began to lose business due to television and suburbanization. In 1977, it finally closed, its last show seen by a crowd of around 40 people. A year later the city acquired the property when it foreclosed on the then-owners. It is the only remaining movie palace in Troy, albeit unused for that purpose ever since then.
Redevelopment proposal.
In the early 2000s, RPI acquired the building and hoped to partially use it as office space and keep the theater. They eventually brought in a developer who proposed to use a state grant to gut the building's interior and replace the auditorium with office space, while keeping the facade. Residents organized a group and online petition in opposition to this, pointing to how successful the restoration of the Schenectady Proctor's had been for that city. The building was structurally sound, and could easily be restored to its original purpose.
Proponents of the plan responded that the theater had not been successfully redeveloped in the years since it had closed and it was time to try something else to revitalize a block of downtown Troy that remained dilapidated. They noted that the Schenectady Proctor's still lost money and that the project would create jobs the city needed in a slow economy.
Restore NY grant.
As of March, 2011, the theatre is expected to receive $3.3 million from a "Restore NY" grant. The money would be used by Columbia Development to rehabilitate the theatre building and two adjacent office buildings, including the Chasan Building, which is also owned by RPI.
In October 2011 it was announced that, in a $14.4 million public-private project including a $3.3 million Restore New York grant, Columbia Development Companies would acquire Proctor’s Theater and launch a restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19974272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974272" title="Polyanka (Moscow Metro)">
Polyanka (Moscow Metro)

Polyanka () is a Moscow Metro station in the Yakimanka District, Central Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia. It is on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line. It was opened in 1986. The station is a column-trivault, with a large sculpture presenting a couple with a child, inside a circle, at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="19974277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974277" title="Whiteiidae">
Whiteiidae

Whiteiidae is an extinct family of prehistoric coelacanth fishes which lived during the Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19974298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974298" title="Tulskaya (Moscow Metro)">
Tulskaya (Moscow Metro)

Tulskaya () is a station of the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened in 1983 as part of the pilot stage of the line. The station is a single vault located underneath the Tula square for which it is named.

</doc>
<doc id="19974303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974303" title="2009 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup">
2009 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup

The 31st Guangdong-Hong Kong Cup was held on January 2009. Defending champions Hong Kong played against Guangdong at Yuexiushan Stadium on 1 January in the first leg and the second leg was played at Mong Kok Stadium on 4 January. Hong Kong football representative team represented Hong Kong Team this year instead of Hong Kong League XI and 2008 Chinese third-tier league runners-up Guangdong Sunray Cave (Guangdong U19s) replaced Guangzhou FC as Guangdong Team to participate in this tournament. Hong Kong won 5–4 on aggregate and were crowned their 13th Guangdong-Hong Kong Cup champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19974307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974307" title="Ordizia KE">
Ordizia KE

Ordizia Kirol Elkartea is a football team based in Ordizia in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded in 1941, the team plays in Preferente. The club's home ground is "Altamira", which has a capacity of 1,600 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19974325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974325" title="Kilry Glen">
Kilry Glen

Kilry Glen, in Angus, Scotland, is the valley of the Burn of Kilry, a tributary of the River Isla. It is situated west of the B954 road, approximately four miles north of Alyth.
Area history.
Considerable evidence of prehistory is apparent in the vicinity; most notably, a number of Pictish stones have been discovered in the general area. Accordingly one of the largest collections of Pictish Stones in Scotland has been assembled at the Meigle Museum. As further testimony to the Pictish era, not far is the village of Eassie noted for the presence of the Eassie Stone; this carved Pictish stone is dated prior to the Early Middle Ages.
Residents of previous generations are documented to have served in a number of foreign wars, including the South African War of 1899 to 1902. 

</doc>
<doc id="19974327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974327" title="List of Ultras of Canada">
List of Ultras of Canada

The following sortable table lists the 142 ultra prominent mountain peaks of Canada, summits with at least of topographic prominence.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 metres (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 metres (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 metres (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.
Of these 142 Canadian Ultras, 102 are located in British Columbia, 20 in Yukon, 16 in Nunavut, 9 in Alberta, and 1 in the Northwest Territories. Four of these summits lie on the international border between Yukon and Alaska and two lie between British Columbia and Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="19974344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974344" title="Joanna of Hainaut">
Joanna of Hainaut

Joanna of Hainault (1315–1374) was the third daughter of William I, Count of Hainaut, and Joanna of Valois. She was a younger sister of Philippa of Hainault, Queen of England, and Margaret II of Hainault. She was the Duchess of Jülich by marriage.
Family.
Her maternal uncle was Philip VI of France.
She was close in age to her sister Philippa, who married Edward III of England and was the mother of Edward the Black Prince and John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster. Philippa was the grandmother of Richard II of England, making Joanna his great-aunt. Her elder brother was William II, Count of Hainaut, who succeeded their father, but William died childless so he was succeeded by Joanna's elder sister Margaret II, Countess of Hainault. Margaret married Holy Roman Emperor Louis IV and bore him ten children, including Louis VI the Roman and William I, Duke of Bavaria.
Marriage.
Joanna married William V, Duke of Jülich, their children were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19974361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974361" title="Neamț Citadel">
Neamț Citadel

Neamţ Citadel () is a medieval fortress located in north-eastern part of Romania, near Târgu Neamț, Neamț County. It was built in 14th century Moldavia during Petru I of Moldavia's reign and expanded in the 15th century. The citadel played a key role in Stephen III of Moldavia's defense system, along with Suceava, Hotin, Soroca, Orhei, Tighina, Chilia and Cetatea Albǎ.
History.
Lack of reliable information on the origins of Neamţ Fortress had resulted in several hypotheses whose reliability was often questioned. A number of historians and philologists, as A.D. Xenopol, B.P. Hasdeu, D. Onciul consider that - according to the papal bull of 1232 - the Teutonic Knights of Bârsa had built between 1211-1225 on the eastern slope of the Carpathians a "castrum muntissimum" which was later identified as the citadel. The Germanic (Teutonic or Saxon) hypothesis was acquired by many of Romanian historians.

</doc>
<doc id="19974366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974366" title="Sanjiv Chopra">
Sanjiv Chopra

Sanjiv Chopra, M.B.B.S, M.A.C.P is an Indian-born American physician, Professor of Medicine and Faculty Dean for Continuing Medical Education at Harvard Medical School, Senior Consultant in Hepatology at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, accomplished author, and expert on leadership.
Early life.
Born in Poona, India, two years after India’s independence from British rule, Chopra was inspired from a young age to follow his father, Krishan Chopra (1919–2001) a renowned Indian cardiologist. Krishan Chopra was a Fellow of the Royal Hospital of Physicians and served as head of the Department of Medicine and Cardiology at Mool Chand Khairati Ram Hospital, New Delhi, for over 25 years. He retired as a lieutenant colonel from the Indian army. Sanjiv Chopra’s paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Army. Chopra’s older brother, Dr. Deepak Chopra, is also a physician, as well as a holistic health expert and spiritual guru and perhaps the most famous of America’s complimentary medicine practitioners.
At the young age of 12, Chopra woke up one evening after an afternoon nap, unable to see. His father was traveling at the time, so he was sent to a local physician and was diagnosed with Hysterical Blindness. Chopra’s father was contacted and he made an entirely different diagnosis – one exceedingly rare – and recommended the right treatment. Had his ailment gone untreated, he would have very likely permanently lost his sight. The treatment suggested by his father cured the boy within 6 hours. That memorable but frightening experience inspired Chopra’s fascination to go into Medicine and aspire to be a great doctor like his father.
Family life.
Chopra married Amita Rani Chopra at the young age of 20. They were classmates at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). They moved to the United States in 1972. They have three children, Priya, Kanika, and Bharat and two granddaughters, Aanya and Mira.
Education.
Sanjiv Chopra graduated with honors in English literature from St. Columbas High School in Delhi in 1964. He did his premedical qualification from Hans Raj College, Delhi University. He graduated from Medical School from the prestigious All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). In 1972 he came to the United States for post-graduate training. After a year of Internship in Internal Medicine in New Jersey, he moved to Boston in 1973. Following his residency, he completed a fellowship in Gastroenterology and Hepatology, from 1975 - 1977. He has been on the faculty of Harvard Medical School since 1979.
Medical and Academic career.
Dr. Chopra currently serves as Professor of Medicine and Faculty Dean for Continuing Education at Harvard Medical School and as a Senior Consultant in Hepatology at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.
Dr. Chopra was elected as a Master of the American College of Physicians in 2009, an honor bestowed to only a select few individuals for being “citizen physicians, educational innovators, scientific thinkers and humanists who inspire those around him or her and sets the standards for quality in medicine.” 
He has received a number of other notable awards, including the American Gastroenterological Association’s Distinguished Educator Award. In 2012, he was awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor for “exemplifying outstanding qualities in both one’s personal and professional lives while continuing to preserve the richness of one’s particular heritage.”
Dr. Chopra’s book, "Dr. Chopra Says: Medical Facts and Myths Everyone Should Know", co-authored with Dr. Alan Lotvin, was published in January 2011. It has received wide acclaim and has been translated into multiple languages.
Dr. Chopra, in serving as the Faculty Dean for Continuing Education, leads the most robust academic Continuing Medical Education enterprise in the world, reaching out to 80,000 clinicians in more than 160 countries each year. This includes seven annual Current Clinical Issues in Primary Care (CCIPC) conferences held in collaboration with UCLA, Johns Hopkins, Baylor College of Medicine, University of Miami, Northwestern University and Columbia Presbyterian College of Physicians and Surgeons. In addition to directing these conferences, he delivers several lectures, moderates a number of sessions and has served as a keynote speaker on several occasions. Each of the CCIPC conferences are attended by 4,000 – 8,000 clinicians. Dr. Chopra is also editor-in-chief of the Hepatology section of UpToDate, an innovative online resource subscribed to by more than 850,000 physicians worldwide for clinical decision-making at the point of care.
Leadership.
The topic of leadership has fascinated Chopra from an early age. Growing up in India, Chopra recalls studying Mahatma Gandhi in school and hearing his parents and grandparents speak of Gandhi as saintly. It was this man who appeared frail, yet was revered as a great soul and inspiration to millions of people, that intrigued Chopra and fostered his exploration into what makes a great and effective leader. 
Dr. Chopra’s views on leadership have been influenced by interactions as a Professor of Medicine and Faculty Dean for Continuing Medical Education at Harvard Medical School, as well as his reflection on his childhood and the four decades he has lived in the United States. He has traveled to more than 95 countries where he has had the privilege to meet many gifted and accomplished individuals. Says Chopra, “Many of us discover leadership by chance rather than choice. We find ourselves in a situation that requires stepping up – and we do. In my recent book, Leadership by Example, I share with you the key principles of effective leadership. These are deliberate choices and active practices that can turn a potential leader into a truly dynamic force forpositive has the spark of leadership, and with the right tools, that spark can ignite and transform the world.”
His most recent book, "Leadership by Example: The Ten Key Principles of all Great Leaders" was published by St. Martins Press in May 2012. It has received advanced praise by many leaders in the United States and abroad.
Public Speaking.
Dr. Chopra has been a keynote speaker on the topic of leadership throughout the United States and abroad. Chopra has lectured on “Leadership for the 21st Century: The Tenets of Leadership” more than 70 times in the United States and more than 15 times in countries abroad. This talk has received praise, often with the attendees giving him a standing ovation.
In this presentation, he discusses a wide range of examples of leaders who have changed the world. Chopra discusses historic figures such as Mahatma Gandhi, Florence Nightingale and Winston Churchill, as well as contemporary leaders, and examine what makes them effective. What are some of the qualities and attributes of great leaders? Dr. Chopra asserts that great leaders listen well, have empathy, dream big, are resilient, have a sense of purpose, possess humility and humor, and have integrity and great people skills. Ultimately, they adhere to their principles and "pack other peoples’ parachutes."

</doc>
<doc id="19974370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974370" title="Laurel Ridge">
Laurel Ridge

Laurel Ridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974400" title="Stobie">
Stobie

Stobie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974410" title="Kelliphite">
Kelliphite

Kelliphite is an acronym for the organophosphorus compound 6,6'-[(1,1'-Biphenyl-2,2'-diyl)bis(oxy)]bis[4,8-di-tbutyl-1,2,10,11-tetramethyl]dibenzo[d,f][1,3,2]dioxaphosphepin. This chiral ligand is widely used in asymmetric synthesis. In one example, this ligand is used to form a rhodium complex to catalyze asymmetric hydroformylation of prochiral olefins. It has been shown that high substrate concentrations as well as a wide variety of functional groups are tolerated. 

</doc>
<doc id="19974430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974430" title="Cloth mill Offermann">
Cloth mill Offermann

The cloth mill Offermann was a brass factory of the 18th century in the German city of Stolberg. Later it became a cloth mill demonstrating the change of industrial development in the city. Currently it is used as an apartment building.
History of the building.
The building was founded in the 18th century as a brass factory. Together with other brass factories like the Eagle-Pharmacy or the factory Bauschenberg it flourished for many years. 
As soon as the importance of the brass industry decreased the building was sold to "Johann Paul Offermann", a clothier of the nearby village of Imgenbroich. For nearly 60 years the building was used for the production of cloth despite competition of the neighbouring cloth mill "Krone".
At the beginning of the 19th century the building was sold and partly used as a restaurant. Some parts of the building were decrepit. 
At the end of the 20th century the whole building was restored. Currently it is used as an apartment building.

</doc>
<doc id="19974435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974435" title="Joanna Dunham">
Joanna Dunham

Joanna Dunham (born 6 May 1936) is an English actress, best noted for her work on stage and television. She has also appeared in several major films.
Career.
Dunham was born in Luton, Bedfordshire, England. In 1956 she attended RADA, the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, the same year as Susannah York and Brian Epstein. Epstein later became the manager of the Beatles. 
As a teenaged actress she first gained notice for playing Juliet in the 1962 Old Vic production of "Romeo and Juliet", under the direction of Franco Zeffirelli, which was performed in a five-month, 13-city U.S. tour. Her first television role had come four years earlier (1958), when she appeared as "Louka" in the "Arms and the Man" episode of "BBC Sunday-Night Theatre". As of 1998 Dunham had appeared in at least 45 different television series or productions. 
Filmography.
Dunham has had credited roles in at least seven films:
While working on "The Greatest Story Ever Told", the on-site filming of which stretched to over a year, Dunham announced that she was pregnant. Director George Stevens tried to keep her in the production with the use of flattering camera angles and draped costumes. He told an interviewer from "Variety", "Well, that Mary Magdalene always was a troublemaker."
Television.
She appeared as Arlette van der Valk in the third series of Van der Valk (1977) and as Miss Featherstone in the episode "Goodbye Mrs. Slocombe" in the 10th season of Are You Being Served (1984).

</doc>
<doc id="19974445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974445" title="Olivia Physical">
Olivia Physical

Olivia Physical is a 1982 video collection featuring the singer Olivia Newton-John and various of her songs, most from the album "Physical". A somewhat expanded version of the video was aired as an ABC prime-time special, "Let's Get Physical", which was in the top 10 of the Nielsen ratings. In 1983 the video received a Grammy Award as Video of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19974453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974453" title="David-John Newman">
David-John Newman

David-John Newman (born 1956) is an artist and photographer who now lives in Wales. His work centres on explorations of the body in which he often uses images of his own body juxtaposed with other images, such as those in medical or pathology textbooks, to produce disturbing composites. His work has featured at the Photographers' Gallery in London, where he was artist-in-residence, as well as exhibitions in Paris, such as the Mois de la Photo.
He is married to the screen-writer and director Catherine Linstrum.
Publications.
Nature Morte (DOR Books)

</doc>
<doc id="19974461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974461" title="New Cathedral of Cuenca">
New Cathedral of Cuenca

The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (), commonly referred to the as the New Cathedral of Cuenca (), is the cathedral church in Cuenca, Ecuador. It is situated in front of Parque Calderon. 
The plan of the Cathedral was drawn up by Juan Bautista Stiehle (1829-1899) — a German-born friar who arrived in Cuenca from Alsace in 1873 — on suggestions made by Bishop León Garrido. The Cathedral took over the function of the nearby Old Cathedral that had become too small. Construction works started in 1885 and lasted for almost a century. This building combines many architecture styles, but Romanesque Revival is predominant. The cathedral is surmounted by three giant domes covered by striking blue and white glazed tile from Czechoslovakia. Its stained glass windows were created by Spanish artist Guillermo Larrazábal.
Its towers are truncated due to a calculation error of the architect. If they had been raised to their planned height, the foundation of this Church to the Immaculate Conception, would not have been able to bear the weight. In spite of the architect's immense mistake, the New Cathedral of Cuenca stands as a monumental work of faith and the skyline of its domes has become a symbol for the city. Its facade is made of alabaster and local marble, while the floor is covered with pink marble, brought from Carrara (Italy). When the Cathedral was first constructed 9,000 out of Cuenca's 10,000 inhabitants could fit in the building.
References.
Cathedral of Cuenca
Cathedral of Cuenca on the Map

</doc>
<doc id="19974471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974471" title="Filip Renč">
Filip Renč

Filip Renč (born August 17, 1965) is a Czech director, screenwriter and actor.
Biography.
Filip Renč was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia. Since his childhood, he already proved his enthusiasm for movies and drama. As a young boy he appeared in several movies, including "Julek" (1980) and "Leve kridlo" (1983). During his studies at FAMU (Film and TV School of The Academy of Performing Arts in Prague) he created documentaries (Zapadákov, Srdíčko) for which he was awarded at the International film schools festival in 1987 and 1988. His debut movie "Requiem for a Maiden" was also a great success at the Czechoslovakian film festival FORUM in Bratislava. In the following years he directed a number of successful movies, including "From Subway with Love" (2005) and his latest piece "At Your Own Risk" (2008) which has just recently been released. He directed not only movies but also TV commercials and even music videos. He also wrote screenplays which he later directed himself, such as "The Rebels" (2001), "Válka barev" (1993) and "Requiem for a Maiden" (1991). Filip Renč made numerous appearances as an actor, for an instance, in "The Ride" (1991) and even his own "Requiem for a Maiden" (1991).
Achievements.
Filip Renč achieved great success with his movie "Rebelové". In 2001, he won the Bonton Company Award and the Children's Jury Main Prize in the Feature Film - Youth category with this movie. The Rebels also won him the Audience Award in the Most Popular Film category and Filip Renč was nominated together with Daniel Dvořák for Best Art Direction at the Czech Lion awards. His movie adaptation of Michal Viewegh's "From Subway with Love" (original title "Román pro ženy"), was also well received by critics and by the public. In 2006, the movie "From Subway with Love" received two nominations - for the Best Film Poster and for the Best Supporting Actress (Simona Stašová) at the Czech Lion Awards. This movie also won Filip Renč the Box Office Award in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19974499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974499" title="Dragos Mihalcea">
Dragos Mihalcea

Dragos Mihalcea - Principal Dancer with The Royal Swedish Ballet
Born on December 17, 1977 in Bucharest, Romania and began his dancing career at the Bucharest School of Choreography. He later received a full scholarship at the Kirov Academy of Ballet (former Universal Ballet Academy) in Washington DC, where he graduated a valedictorian.
Immediately after graduation he was offered a contract with the Universal Ballet Company where he was quickly promoted to soloist and then principal dancer. At 19, he starred as Prince Siegfried in 'Swan Lake' in Universal Ballet's first North American tour, dancing in the company's opening night performances in Los Angeles and New York. Soon after, Dragos won the bronze medal at the Luxembourg International Ballet Competition and the bronze medal at the 'Roudolf Nureyev' Ballet Competition. After receiving a guest principal contract with the Norwegian National Ballet, Dragos proceeded to win the Gold Medal in the 1st Rome International Ballet Competition 'Premio Roma' and was invited to join the Royal Swedish Ballet as a soloist, the first dancer ever to surpass the corps de ballet ranks. 6 months later he was promoted to Principal Dancer.
In Stockholm, Dragos has built a reputable dancing career appearing with the company in many of their full length classical productions. Most notable in his repertoire are the roles of Des Grieux in 'Manon, Onegin in 'Eugene Onegin', Prince Desire in 'Sleeping Beauty', Albrecht in 'Giselle', Theseus/Oberon in 'A midsummer night's dream' to name but a few.
Dragos Mihalcea has been invited to guest with many of the world's top companies and has represented the Royal Swedish Ballet in more than 20 countries as a guest artist. Throughout his career he has partnered some of the worlds most prominent ballerinas including Sofiane Sylve, Larissa Lezhnina, Marie Lindqvist and Julia Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="19974512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974512" title="Hans Becker">
Hans Becker

Hans Becker (15 November 1911 — 20 August 1944) was a "Sturmbannführer" (Storm Unit Leader/Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, on 23 March 1943 while commanding the 2nd Company, of the 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, LSSAH.
Becker while in command of the 1st Battalion, 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, was killed in action 20 August 1944, in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19974527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974527" title="Back (novel)">
Back (novel)

Back is a novel written by British writer Henry Green and published in 1946.
Plot summary.
The novel tells the story of Charley Summers, a young Englishman who comes back from Germany, where he was detained as a POW for three years after having been wounded in combat in France (possibly in 1939-1940). Summers is repatriated because, due to his wound, his leg had to be amputated. While he was prisoner, Rose, the woman he loved, died, and this adds to the shock Charley suffered because of the mutilation. Moroever, Rose was married to another man, so Charley cannot even express his bereavement for fear of scandal.
After having visited the grave of Rose and met her husband James there, Charley calls on Rose's father, Mr Grant, who encourages him to make acquantance with a young widow. Charley ignores the suggestion at first, but after some days he goes to the widow's flat and he is astonished at the uncanny resemblance between the woman, whose name is Nancy Whitmore, and Rose. He soon finds out that there is a very simple explanation for this: Nancy is the illegitimate daughter of Mr Grant, who sent Charley to her thinking he might console her of the death of her husband (an RAF pilot killed in action in Egypt). 
The rest of the novel describes the complex and troubled relation between Charley and Nancy, as it unfolds against the background of a war-torn Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19974532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974532" title="CD78">
CD78

CD78 is a protein expressed on the surface of some immature and all mature B-cells. It is considered a pan-B cell antigen. Other names include "Cdw78, Ba antigen, Leu21" and "LO-panB-a". 
Function.
It is part of the MHC class II.
Expression.
CD78 is expressed on all stages of B cell development from pre-B cell through plasma cells. Its expression is strongest on activated B cells.
It is also present on tissue macrophages and on epithelial cells.
Clinical significance.
With flow cytometry, it can be used to detect B cells during many stages of their development. It is one of relatively few markers usefully expressed on plasma cells, and when combined with detection of markers such as CD22, can be used to determine the relative proportion of plasma cells.

</doc>
<doc id="19974537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974537" title="Nishi-Azabu, Minato, Tokyo">
Nishi-Azabu, Minato, Tokyo

Nishiazabu borders Minamiaoyama on the north and west, Hiroo on the south, Moto-Azabu on the southeast, and Roppongi on the northeast.
Nishi-Azabu houses the Embassies of Yemen, Ukraine, Uruguay, Ecuador, El Salvador, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, Haiti, Panama, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Honduras, Laos, and Romania.
, also known as , is a Sōtō-shū temple and a tourist attraction located in Nishi-Azabu.

</doc>
<doc id="19974541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974541" title="Packy and Marlon">
Packy and Marlon

Packy and Marlon is a platform video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System released in 1995 by Raya Systems. It was designed to improve self-care behavior in children with juvenile diabetes. The game achieved some success with treatment groups. The game is part of a series of healthcare-related educational video games by Raya that included "Captain Novolin", "" and "Bronkie the Bronchiasaurus".
Gameplay.
A gang of rats has invaded Camp Wa-kee, and stolen the food and medical supplies, hiding them in different areas of the Camp. As such, Packy and Marlon, two diabetic elephants, are tasked with retrieving the stolen goods and clearing out the malicious rodents, while also remembering to take their insulin and check their blood glucose.
At the end of the game they face the evil bosses Veets and Yebur of the Lunch Room Crew.
Health study.
A six month study undertaken in 1999 on behalf of Click Health by researchers at Stanford University's Medical Center on 60 diabetic children ages 8 to 16 found that, after playing the game, the children were four times less likely to require urgent care visits than children who had played other games.

</doc>
<doc id="19974543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974543" title="Dam tot Damloop">
Dam tot Damloop

Dam tot Damloop ("Dam to Dam Run" in English) is an annual road running competition held in North Holland in the Netherlands. It is a Silver Label 10-mile race from Amsterdam to Zaandam. The event was first held in as a fun run event in 1985 and elite runner were invited the following year, with world record holder Fernando Mamede and Dutch record holder Carla Beurskens taking the men's and women's titles. In the first five years of its running, Beurskens become a three-time winner of the race – an achievement since matched by Heléna Barócsi, Hellen Kimaiyo, Tegla Loroupe and Lornah Kiplagat.
From the 1990s onwards, the elite race has been dominated by East African (particularly Kenyan) runners. Indeed, since 1993 the winners of the men's and women's races have been Kenyan-born on all but six occasions. Leonard Patrick Komon is the current men's course record holder with his time of 44:27 minutes in 2011 (the second fastest ever for the distance). Linet Masai set the current women's record in 2009 with her run of 50:39 minutes.
The race is jointly organised by "Stichting Sportevenementen Le Champion" and two running clubs ("AV Atos" and "AV Aalsmeer"). In addition to the main 10-mile race, the event hosts shorter races for children and several business team competitions. The Dam tot Damloop 10-miler attracts high level of participation: almost 10,000 runners competed in 1990, rising to almost 20,000 in 1999 and almost 40,000 in 2008.
Past winners.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="19974544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974544" title="CD Lagun Onak">
CD Lagun Onak

Club Deportivo Lagun Onak is a Spanish football team based in Azpeitia, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded in 1944 it plays in Tercera División – Group 4, holding home games at "Estadio Garmendipe", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
The team's name is Basque for "good friends".

</doc>
<doc id="19974562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974562" title="1996 Asian Super Cup">
1996 Asian Super Cup

The 1996 Asian Super Cup was the 2nd Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1996 competition was contested by Ilhwa Chunma of South Korea, who won the 1995–96 Asian Club Championship, and Bellmare Hiratsuka of Japan, the winners of the 1995–96 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup.
Ilhwa Chunma.
1Ilhwa Chunma goals always recorded first.
2 GD Lam Pak withdrew after the 1st leg.
Bellmare Hiratsuka.
1Bellmare Hiratsuka goals always recorded first. 

</doc>
<doc id="19974575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974575" title="Senhora do Verde">
Senhora do Verde

Senhora do Verde is a small village near Mexilhoeira Grande, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="19974585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974585" title="Parth (horse)">
Parth (horse)

Parth (foaled 1920) was a British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1923 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Background.
Parth was a bay horse sired by Polymelus, the five-time Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland. His dam was Willia, a daughter of the 1902 Ascot Gold Cup winner William The Third. As descendant of the mare Grand Duchess, Parth was a member of the same Thoroughbred family which produced Manna, Blushing Groom and Mill Reef.
Parth was first owned by the Indian textile magnate Mathradas Golcudas and later sold for 20,000 guineas to A. Kingsley Macomber, an American who maintained a sizeable racing operation in Europe and who had won the 1918 Preakness Stakes with War Cloud. The colt was trained at Ogbourne in Wiltshire, England by James H. Crawford.
Racing career.
In 1923 Parth contested the Epsom Derby having previously won the Greenham Plate at Newbury: in both races he was ridden by the Australian jockey A. C. Walker. According to press reports, he was left twenty lengths behind the leaders at the start of the Derby, before staying on strongly in the straight to finish third behind Papyrus and Pharos. He later finished fourth in the St. Leger Stakes to the filly Tranquil. In October, Parth was sent to Paris to contest the fourth running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe a race which, while an important international test, had not yet attained the status of Europe's premier weight-for-age contest. After arriving in France at Boulogne, Parth spent thirty hours travelling by train to Paris. Ridden by Frank O'Neill, Parth started at odds of 35/4 and won by a neck from Massine, a French-trained three-year-old who went on to win the race (as well as the Ascot Gold Cup) in 1924.
Racing at age four, Parth's wins included the Great Jubilee Handicap at Kempton Park Racecourse in May in which he defeated Verdict (winner of the Cambridgeshire Handicap and the Coronation Cup) by a short head. In Autumn he ran second to Pharos in the Champion Stakes at Newmarket and third behind the filly Teresina and Papyrus in the Jockey Club Stakes. Parth injured a tendon during the running for the City and Suburban Handicap and was retired in May 1925 to Macomber's stud farm in Normandy.
Stud record.
Kingsley Macomber purchased Haras du Quesnay breeding farm in Lower Normandy from William Kissam Vanderbilt and for the 1925 breeding season Parth was retired to stand at stud. As a sire, he met with limited success but did produce Davout, a winner of the 1936 Poule d'Essai des Poulains.

</doc>
<doc id="19974624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974624" title="Richardis of Jülich">
Richardis of Jülich

Richardis of Jülich (1314–1360) was a daughter of Gerhard V of Jülich and Elisabeth of Brabant-Aarschot. She married Otto IV, Duke of Lower Bavaria, son of Stephen I, Duke of Bavaria, with whom she had one child: Albert of Wittelsbach, who was born in 1332. He predeceased his father. Her husband died in 1334.

</doc>
<doc id="19974625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974625" title="Bagrat II of Iberia">
Bagrat II of Iberia

Bagrat II () (937–994) was a Georgian prince of the Bagratid dynasty of Tao-Klarjeti and the titular king of Iberia-Kartli from 958 until his death. He was also known as Bagrat Regueni (ბაგრატ რეგუენი), "Regueni" being a moniker rendered in English as "the Simple".
Bagrat was the elder son of Sumbat I, whom he succeeded as “king of the Iberians” in 958. In spite of having a royal status, Bagrat only ruled northern or Hither Tao and, unlike his father, was not bestowed with the high Byzantine court title of curopalates, which was granted to Bagrat’s cousin and the ruler of southern or Thither Tao, Adarnase V. Professor Taqaishvili explains Bagrat’s epithet "Regueni" by his younger age upon his accession to the throne. Bagrat frequently appeared as a collaborator of his relative David III of Tao, the most influential person among the Bagratids of that time, aiding him against the Rawadids of Azerbaijan and even against his own son and co-king Gurgen during a brief split among the Bagratids. By 978, Gurgen had become a de facto king of Iberia, while his son Bagrat III had been adopted and designed as heir by David III of Tao, thus setting stage for future unification of various Georgian polities into a single Bagratid realm.
Bagrat had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="19974634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974634" title="Goldsmiths (retailer)">
Goldsmiths (retailer)

Goldsmiths is a jewellery retailer of the United Kingdom.
History.
Goldsmiths is a business with more than 230 years of tradition and experience and has grown to become the largest quality jeweller in the UK. The first showroom opened in Newcastle in 1778, and it’s still trading today on the very same site. There is a website and over 120 showrooms nationwide.
There have been many notable achievements for Goldsmiths including being the UK’s first appointed stockist of Rolex watches. Today, it operates the largest distribution network for Rolex as well as Cartier, Omega, TAG Heuer, Gucci and many other reputable prestige and fashion watch brands. 
Goldsmiths has a comprehensive selection of diamond jewellery and jewellery brands including the Canadian Ice diamond collection, exclusive to Goldsmiths.
Sport.
Goldsmiths currently sponsor the Leicester Tigers player of the month award.

</doc>
<doc id="19974646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974646" title="BBÖ Class 114">
BBÖ Class 114

The Class BBÖ 114.01 locomotive was an Austrian express train, steam locomotive.
At the same time as plans were developed for the two-cylinder Class 214, design emerged in the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik for a three-cylinder engine. In order to be able to compare the two designs it was decided to build a prototype of each one. Number 114.01 was built in the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik and delivered in 1929.
In general the advantage of three-cylinder locomotives lies in their more powerful torque and a better balance of the rotating masses, which leads to lower wear and tear. The disadvantage is a higher fuel consumption due to the three steam engines. This was true in the case of 114.01 which in comparison with locomotive 214.01 had a 9% higher consumption of coal. Difficult access to the inside gear and the associated poor maintainability of locomotive 114.01, combined with the fact that 214.01 did better in the trial runs, led to the 214s going into series production. Number 114.01 remained in service with the BBÖ as a one-off.
A visible difference from the 214s is the visible parts of the unusual Marshall valve gear with its rotating camshaft.
In 1938 the Deutsche Reichsbahn redesignated this locomotive as number 12 101.
Number 114.01 was employed on the locomotive schedules ("Umlaufplan") of the 214s and, amongst other things, was allowed to head the first Arlberg Orient Express after the Second World War. In 1948 it was converted to oil-firing due to the shortage of coal. On 6 August 1949 the middle cylinder broke. Due to the irreparable damage the locomotive was sidelined and dismantled in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19974664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974664" title="Institute for the Study of Human Knowledge">
Institute for the Study of Human Knowledge

The Institute for the Study of Human Knowledge (ISHK) is a non-profit educational charity and publisher established in 1969 by the noted and award-winning psychologist and writer Robert E. Ornstein and based in Los Altos, California, in the USA. Its watchword is "public education: health and human nature information."
Founder.
Robert Ornstein, psychologist, writer and professor at Stanford University, founded and chairs ISHK. He has published over 25 books on the mind and won over a dozen awards from organizations over the years, including the American Psychological Association and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). His work has been featured in a 1974 "Time" magazine article entitled "Hemispheric Thinker". Ornstein is best known for his research on the hemispheric specialization of the brain and the advancement of understanding into how we think. He has also contributed to the London-based Institute for Cultural Research set up by his associate, the writer and Sufi teacher, Idries Shah.
Ornstein's "The Psychology of Consciousness" (1972) was enthusiastically received by the academic psychology community.
More recent works include "The Right Mind" (1997), described as "a cutting edge picture of how the two sides of the brain work".
Aims and activities.
ISHK's primary aim is public education, by providing new information on health and human nature through its book service, through its children's imprint Hoopoe Books and adult imprint Malor Books, which includes the works of Robert Ornstein. Hoopoe Books focuses on publishing traditional children's stories from Afghanistan, Central Asia and the Middle East, including works by Idries Shah, such as "The Lion Who Saw Himself in the Water."
The Institute also operates philanthropic projects, including Share Literacy, which provides books for children; support for caregivers; training and support for teachers, and independent program evaluation. Through its Share Literacy Program, Hoopoe Books has partnered with other organizations to give books away to children in low-income areas. It also provides books free of charge to lending libraries.
ISHK has worked with organizations such as the Institute for Cross-cultural Exchange to provide children in Afghanistan with desperately needed books for distribution to schools, orphanages and libraries throughout the country, in order to address the literacy crisis.
Events organized by ISHK include a symposium in 2006 on "The Core of Early Christian Spirituality: Its Relevance to the World Today" which featured presentations by Elaine Pagels, well known for her studies and writing on the Gnostic Gospels ("Beyond Belief: A Different View of Christianity"); New Testament scholar Bart D. Ehrman ("Jesus and the Apocalyptic Vision"), and scholar of religion and Professor, Marvin Meyer ("Magdalene in the Gnostic Gospels: From the Gospel of Mary to the DaVinci Code, Mary Magdelene in History and Culture"). In 1976, Robert Ornstein and Idries Shah presented a seminar, "Traditional Esoteric Psychologies in Contemporary Life", in cooperation with The New School, New York City.
In 2010, ISHK set up a web site for a project entitled "The Human Journey". It aims to "follow humanity from our origins in Eastern Africa and the Middle East to the present day, with an eye to what comes next."

</doc>
<doc id="19974681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974681" title="List of highways numbered 821">
List of highways numbered 821

Route 821, or Highway 821, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974692" title="Byas">
Byas

"For other uses see Byans (disambiguation)."
Byas (formerly Damauli), is a municipality and headquarters in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 28,245. In 2011 it had a population of 42,899.
Media.
To Promote local culture Byas has two FM radio station. That are Radio Bhanubhakta - 104.2 MHZ and Damauli F.M 94.2 MHz, Which fall under Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19974694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974694" title="Moto-Azabu, Minato, Tokyo">
Moto-Azabu, Minato, Tokyo

Motoazabu borders Nishi-Azabu on the west, Minami-Azabu on the south, Azabu-Jūban on the east, and Roppongi on the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19974699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974699" title="Chhang, Nepal">
Chhang, Nepal

Chhang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5963 people living in 1122 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974711" title="The Knight of Hope">
The Knight of Hope

The Knight of Hope or The Life of Luis Carlos Prestes (Portuguese: O cavaleiro da esperanca or Vida de Luis Carlos Prestes) is a 1942 book by Jorge Amado, a biography of the well-known Brazilian revolutionary Luis Carlos Prestes. 
The book, written when Prestes was a prisoner of the Getúlio Vargas dicatorship, expresses considerable support for Prestes's positions and indeed admiration for his person.

</doc>
<doc id="19974712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974712" title="Chhimkeswori">
Chhimkeswori

Chhimkeswori is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2123 people living in 323 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974718" title="Marianne Bogestedt">
Marianne Bogestedt

Marianne Bogestedt is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. She won a gold medal in the "classic distance" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Velingrad in 1977, and received a silver medal with the Swedish relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="19974719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974719" title="Chhipchhipe">
Chhipchhipe

Chhipchhipe is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2398 people living in 322 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974724" title="Chok Chisapani">
Chok Chisapani

Chok Chisapani is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4614 people living in 462 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974730" title="Deurali, Tanahu">
Deurali, Tanahu

Deurali, Tanahu is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2910 people living in 44 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974748" title="Dharampani, Gandaki">
Dharampani, Gandaki

Dharampani, Gandaki is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3444 people living in 616 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974749" title="Tous ensemble">
Tous ensemble

"Tous Ensemble" is a song recorded in 2002 by French singer Johnny Hallyday. The song was released on April 23, 2002, as a single. It was the official anthem of the French football team during the 2002 FIFA World Cup. French singer and songwriter Catherine Lara participated in the writing of the lyrics and produced the song. Michel Sanchez, who was member of the band Deep Forest, co-wrote the lyrics. The song became the second football anthem to reach the top of the singles chart in France, four years after Ricky Martin's hit "La Copa de la Vida". "Tous Ensemble" became Hallyday's first number-one hit on the French SNEP Singles Chart in his 42 year career.

</doc>
<doc id="19974752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974752" title="List of highways numbered 787">
List of highways numbered 787

Route 787, or Highway 787, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974753" title="Dhorphirdi">
Dhorphirdi

Dhorphirdi is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,433 people living in 1915 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19974759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974759" title="Dulegaunda">
Dulegaunda

Dulegaunda is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7412 people living in 1507 individual households.
One of the best place to live in Nepal==References==

</doc>
<doc id="19974772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974772" title="Superintendent of Finance of the United States">
Superintendent of Finance of the United States

In 1781 the Congress of the Confederation created executive offices to be filled by outsiders, or as they said "civilians". The post of Superintendent of Finance of the United States was one of the first three executive offices so created. Another office, Agent of the Marine, was also created was not directly filled, but taken on voluntarily by the Superintendent.
The only person to hold the office was Robert Morris, who served from 1781 to 1784, with the assistance of Gouverneur Morris. Its powers were analogous to that of Secretary of the Treasury or the Prime Minister of many British Commonwealth countries. Unlike the office of Prime Minister, the office of Superintendent was not held by an individual who was at the time a member of the government. In this way, it was more like the prototype for the soon to be devised office of the Presidency.
The Bank of North America was chartered on December 31, 1781 by the Congress of the Confederation and opened on January 7, 1782, at the prodding of Robert Morris. This was thus the nation's first de facto central bank, following in the footsteps of the Bank of England until 1785, when the Bank’s charter within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was revoked.
After Morris resigned, the post was taken over by a committee of three.

</doc>
<doc id="19974785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974785" title="List of highways numbered 747">
List of highways numbered 747

The following highways are numbered 747:

</doc>
<doc id="19974789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974789" title="Örjan Svahn">
Örjan Svahn

Örjan Svahn is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "classic distance" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Velingrad in 1977, and received a gold medal with the Swedish relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="19974820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974820" title="Mount Hope (Cheverly, Maryland)">
Mount Hope (Cheverly, Maryland)

Mount Hope is located at 1 Cheverly Circle in the town of Cheverly, Prince George's County, Maryland. The house is a two-story, five-bay frame house built in two stages. The three-bay west half was built in about 1839, and the two-bay addition to the east in the 1860s. A one-story kitchen wing appears to date from the 1830s as well. 
The home was owned by Fielder Magruder, Jr., member of the prominent Magruder family who first settled in Maryland in 1652. Part of the house sits on the stone foundations of an earlier structure, and a possibly ca. 1800 outbuilding also remains on the property. The town of Cheverly occupies much of the original tobacco plantation of Fielder Magruder, Jr. The house is the town symbol, appearing on the official town seal and town flag. The house was renovated from 1919 to 1922, as the home and office of Robert Marshall, founder of Cheverly. He lived there until 1929. Cheverly's first mayor owned Mount Hope from 1941 to 1977. It has been the Town’s official symbol since 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19974823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974823" title="List of highways numbered 598">
List of highways numbered 598

Route 598, or Highway 598, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19974826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974826" title="Jan-Erik Thorn">
Jan-Erik Thorn

Jan-Erik Thorn is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a silver medal in the "classic distance" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Avesta in 1980, and received a gold medal with the Swedish relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="19974829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974829" title="Tennessee Valley Tigers">
Tennessee Valley Tigers

The Tennessee Valley Tigers is a women's American football team located in Huntsville, Alabama. The Tigers joined the Women's Spring Football League (WSFL) in 2011 and will play their first WSFL season in the spring of 2012. This will be the Tigers' fourth season overall, after three seasons in the Independent Women's Football League (IWFL). The team currently consists of some former Alabama Renegades players, as well as a number of new players who will be playing women's football for the first time in the 2011 season. Women’s full-contact football has been played in Huntsville, Alabama since the fall of 2000 when the Alabama Renegades came into existence. The Renegades were one of the founding teams of the National Women's Football Association (NWFA). 
History.
In the fall of 2000, the Alabama Renegades and the Nashville Dream played a six game exhibition season to determine the viability of a women's full-contact football league. The exhibition games were a huge success and the league, the National Women's Football Association, expanded to 12 teams in its first full season of play in the spring of 2001. Ray Quinn was the man who first brought full-contact football to Huntsville and he owned the team for two years. Nancy Byrd, a Renegades player, kept the football dream alive in 2003 when she took over the team from Quinn. She, along with general manager Lori Campbell, ran the team for the next six years. Nancy continued to play for the Renegades while owning the team. At the end of the 2009 season Nancy decided to retire from playing and looked to sell the team to a new owner. She was unable to find anyone willing to take on the responsibility of running the Alabama Renegades and decided she would no longer field a football team in the NWFA. 
Carlos Mathews, the former Offensive Coordinator for the Alabama Renegades, realized the potential for women’s football in the Huntsville area and decided to explore ways to bring the game back for a 2009 season. Mathews researched several leagues but only found one with the stability needed to support women’s football in the Huntsville Area. The Tigers officially joined the Independent Women's Football League on August 12, 2008, as a Tier II team In the first season of play, the Tigers finished with a 5-3 record, losing twice to the Chattanooga Locomotion - another Tier II team - and once to the Atlanta Xplosion - a Tier I team in 2009. The Tigers also defeated then ranked number seven Clarksville Fox who in the 2008 season had competed for the Independent Women's Football League Tier II[1 championship. The Tigers play their home games at Milton Frank Stadium in Huntsville, Alabama.
Because of the devastating effects of the April 2011 tornadoes, the Tigers had to forfeit their final two regular-season games. On August 30, the Tigers announced they had left the IWFL to join the WSFL.
Season-by-season.
!Totals || 10 || 14 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="19974859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974859" title="List of highways numbered 488">
List of highways numbered 488

The following highways are numbered 488:

</doc>
<doc id="19974860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974860" title="NS Mat '64">
NS Mat '64

The NS Mat '64 or Materieel '64 electric multiple units were built by Werkspoor and later by Düwag and Waggonfabrik Talbot between 1961 and 1976. They are operated, in decreasing numbers, in the Netherlands by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS). The class is actually called Plan T and Plan V: the Plan T is a 4-car EMU and the Plan V is a 2-car EMU. In July 2010 the last Plan T EMUs have been taken out of service. The Plan V EMUs are now the oldest units used by the NS. As of December 2012, only a small amount of routes are being served by Mat '64s normally. They also had been used widely in 2010 and 2012 winters when many newer SLT's were broken, due to winter problems. This might happen until all SLT's are 'snow-proof'.
Details.
In total there were 246 Plan V sets and 31 Plan T sets built, the table shows details of these sets.
Services operated.
A few services are still operated with Mat '64, however, they are mostly alternated with SLT's on some or many moments.

</doc>
<doc id="19974872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974872" title="Muses in popular culture">
Muses in popular culture

The nine Muses of Greek mythology have been portrayed in many different modern fictional works. 

</doc>
<doc id="19974877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974877" title="Andrew Belton">
Andrew Belton

Andrew Belton (born 17 April 1882, Cleator Moor, Cumberland, England, UK — died 1970, South Africa) was a British Army officer and veteran of campaigns in South Africa and Morocco. He was an early exponent of the use of aircraft for military purposes, enrolling at the Chicago School of Aviation in April, 1911. He was an entrepreneur who registered a number of companies in the newly established Irish Free State.
Military career.
Following the deaths of two of his brothers during the Second Boer War, and though under age, Belton enlisted and saw service in Africa. On his return to England, he became aware of the developing military dispute in Morocco, subsequently known as the First Moroccan Crisis. Having apparently resigned his military commission, he assisted the pretender to the throne Abdelhafid, to overthrow his brother Abdelaziz. This is how he acquired the title 'Kaid', or Commander.
During the Spanish Civil War, he was arrested in Seville having crossed the border from Gibraltar. He was instrumental in establishing the Independent Overseas Command of the Legion of Frontiersmen in Africa.
Broadcasting enquiry.
In 1924, Andrew Belton was at the centre of an investigation concerning allegations of Government corruption in the Irish Free State. He came to public attention when a letter from him to the Irish Postmaster General, J.J Walsh was revealed by Walsh. Accusations of impropriety centered around the business relationship between Belton and Deputy Darrell Figgis, and Wireless Broadcasting concessions, which led to Belton almost gaining control of the Irish Broadcasting Company. The ensuing scandal finished Figgis' political career.

</doc>
<doc id="19974879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974879" title="List of highways numbered 481">
List of highways numbered 481

The following highways are numbered 481:

</doc>
<doc id="19974885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974885" title="Jeff Browning">
Jeff Browning

Jeff Browning is an American ultrarunner from Bend, Oregon. He was the 2005 and 2006 champion of the Big Horn 100 Mile Wild and Scenic Trail Runs in Wyoming's Big Horn Mountains. His 2006 performance was also a course record of 20 hours, 24 minutes. He has won other races including the Cascade Crest 100-Mile Endurance Run. 

</doc>
<doc id="19974888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974888" title="Claes Berglund">
Claes Berglund

Claes Berglund is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the "classic distance" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Batak in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19974900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974900" title="List of highways numbered 474">
List of highways numbered 474

The following highways are numbered 474:

</doc>
<doc id="19974918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974918" title="List of highways numbered 458">
List of highways numbered 458

The following highways are numbered 458:

</doc>
<doc id="19974939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974939" title="Oldenburg S 10">
Oldenburg S 10

The express train locomotives of Oldenburg Class S 10 were built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways for duties on the Bremen–Oldenburg–Wilhelmshaven line, which was the most important express route in Oldenburg. They were amongst the few locomotives of this railway company that were not based on those of the Prussian state railways, because the light railway track dictated that they had to have an average axle load of no more than 15 t which was lower than that on comparable Prussian vehicles. 
The three vehicles of this class were built by Hanomag from 1917 and had a 2-6-2 ("Prairie") wheel arrangement which was rare for Germany. They had Lentz valve gear which was typical of Oldenburg. The engines had an uneven distribution of load, however, as well as poor riding qualities and were often bedevilled with boiler problems. In addition, an incorrect matching of the radiative and tube heating areas led to leaks in sides of the tubes. 
The three S 10 engines were grouped by the Deutsche Reichsbahn into Class 16 with operating numbers 16 001–16 003. They were the only express train locomotives with a 2-6-2 wheel arrangement and therefore had their own class. After the lines were upgraded to 17 tonnes axle load, the temperamental S 10s were retired by 1926 and replaced by Prussian P 8s that had been employed in Oldenburg since 1921.
The locomotives were coupled with Oldenburg class 2'2' T 20 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="19974940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974940" title="List of highways numbered 446">
List of highways numbered 446

The following highways are numbered 446:

</doc>
<doc id="19974943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974943" title="Oxford Portraits in Science">
Oxford Portraits in Science

Oxford Portraits in Science is a collection of biographies of famous scientists for young adults edited by the Harvard University astronomer Owen Gingerich.
Each book portrays the life and personality of an eminent scientist, and the thought processes by which they made their discoveries.
The series is notable as an example of the "Sobel effect" - an interest in popular accounts of scientific history and biography, stimulated by the success of the book "Longitude" written by journalist Dava Sobel. Some works in this series have also been written by science journalists as well as scientists and science historians.

</doc>
<doc id="19974959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974959" title="Anders Björkman">
Anders Björkman

Anders Björkman is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "classic distance" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Skellefteå in 1990. He received individual bronze medals in 1988 and 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19974963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974963" title="War Is Hell">
War Is Hell

"War Is Hell" is a common phrase dating back at least as far as a speech by William Tecumseh Sherman. It has also been used as a title.

</doc>
<doc id="19974993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974993" title="Milton Hebald">
Milton Hebald

Milton Elting Hebald (born May 24, 1917) is a sculptor who specializes in figurative bronze works. Twenty-three of his works are displayed in public in New York City, including the statues of Romeo and Juliet and The Tempest in front of the Delacorte Theatre in Central Park. His major work is a , 12-piece "Zodiac Screen", then the largest sculpture in the world, commissioned by Pan-American Airlines for its terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport, and now owned and stored by the New York Port Authority.
Early life.
Hebald was born in New York City. He studied at several New York art schools, starting at the age of ten, including the Art Students League of New York, the National Academy of Design and the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design. In New York City he taught at the Art Students League, The Cooper Union, American Artists School, and privately . He also taught at the Brooklyn Museum of Art, Skowhegan School of Art, in Maine, and at the University of Minnesota. He has been a guest lecturer and teacher at many other academic institutions.
Hebald had his first one-man show at the age of 20, in New York City. He is currently exclusively represented by the Pushkin Gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Hebald was awarded the Prix de Rome Fellowship to the American Academy in Rome in 1955, 1956 and 1957. He stayed in Italy, living in Rome, with his wife, painter, Cecille Rosner Hebald, until 1970 when they moved to Bracciano, 25 miles outside Rome. In 2004, six years after his wife's death, he returned to the United States. , Hebald lives in Los Angeles.
He has one daughter, Margo Hebald (aka Margo Hebald Heymann), Architect, who lives in California.
Work.
Hebald created a series of pieces in 1960 featuring representations of the Zodiac on the exterior of the Pan American World Airways Worldport at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. A and windscreen in front of the terminal's entrance was adorned with bas relief representations of the 12 signs of the zodiac, visible from both outside and inside the terminal building. When it was created, it was the largest such work in the world. As part of renovations, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey removed the sculptures, which sit unused in a hangar at the airport.
Hebald has created a pair of statues in front of Central Park's Delacorte Theatre. The bronze unveiled in 1966 features Prospero, the protagonist of William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". The piece was a gift of George T. Delacorte Jr., who also donated the Delacorte Theatre. A bronze of Prospero and Miranda by Hebald was dedicated in Central Park in honor of Joseph Papp, founder of the New York Shakespeare Festival. Hebald's sculpture of Romeo and Juliet was dedicated outside the Delacorte Theater in 1977.
Hebald created a bust of operatic tenor Richard Tucker for Richard Tucker Park, located in front of Lincoln Center, at the corner of Broadway and Columbus Avenue at 66th Street. Dedicated on April 20, 1980, the statue consists of a larger-than-life size bronze portrait on a granite pedestal. The original 1978 proposal for a seven-foot statue of Tucker, depicted in the role of Des Grieux in the opera "Manon Lescaut" by Giacomo Puccini, had been opposed by a member of Manhattan Community Board 7, who felt that the piece should have been placed in the Metropolitan Opera Hall of Fame, and not on public property.
In Zurich, Switzerland, Hebald was commissioned to do a life sized, full figure portrait of James Joyce, for Joyce's tomb. He also made a bust of British novelist Anthony Burgess, to whom he once also sold a house near Rome. Burgess was quoted in 1971 as saying Hebald was "without doubt the most important living figure sculptor." In Los Angeles, two of his bronze works were commissioned for the Adam's sculpture garden surrounding the Stuart Ketchum YMCA, the "Olympiad" in tribute to the 1984 Olympics held in Los Angeles, and "Handstand", depicting an acrobatic young boy which echos the "Y" logo.
Later life.
He currently resides in a house in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles,CA, which is also his studio. He continues to sculpt, using terracotta instead of bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19974997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19974997" title="List of highways numbered 423">
List of highways numbered 423

The following highways are numbered 423:

</doc>
