<doc id="19862841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862841" title="List of City of Heroes characters">
List of City of Heroes characters

This is a list of central characters from the massively multiplayer online role-playing game "City of Heroes".
Freedom Phalanx.
The Freedom Phalanx is a coalition led by the Statesman that protects Paragon City. They fight the evil group Arachnos led by the Statesman's once good friend and ally, Stefan Richter, also known as Lord Recluse.
The Freedom Phalanx was founded in the wake of World War I and the Great Depression to fight the Arachnos organization and the villain known as Nemesis, the Prussian Prince of Automatons. The original group consisted of the superhuman Marcus Cole (the Statesman), his superpowered wife Monica Richter (Maiden Justice), magically empowered young Devon Wilcox (the Dark Watcher), weather manipulator Raymond George Washington (Elementar), and the high-tech-suit-wearing Brandon Warfield and wheelchair-bound suit controller James St. John-Smythe (collectively known as Vambrace). This group gathered to defeat Nemesis on July 11, 1932, a day known as "Brass Monday".
Sometime before the 1980s, the Freedom Phalanx disbanded, later coming back together with the Statesman, Dr. Raymond Keyes (Positron), Justin Sinclair (Manticore), Steven Berry (Synapse), and Shalice Tilman (Sister Psyche) to battle evil in Paragon City once again. With the Rikti War, their numbers dwindled until the current line up, known as the Surviving Eight, formed. They are assisted by the Vindicators, a group led by Statesman's granddaughter and sidekick Jessica Cole (Ms. Liberty), and comprising the sidekicks of the Freedom Phalanx: Lena Elliot (Swan), Valerie Kellum (Valkyrie), Aurora Scott (Aurora Borealis), Jean-Pierre Lourdin (Malaise), K'Varr D'Shall (Infernal), Katherine Stevens (Mynx), and the second Luminary.
The Statesman.
Statesman is the signature hero of the City of Heroes backstory and was the actual character played by Jack Emmert, Cryptic Studios co-founder/Lead Designer. The Statesman is the leader of the game's most famous supergroup, the Freedom Phalanx.
Publication history.
He made his comic debut in the promotional comic printed online, which was more of an overview of the game itself. Statesman first appeared in the official City of Heroes comic with the first issue of the second volume beginning in 2005. He has been featured prominently since then, being the leader of the Freedom Phalanx superhero team that the comic focuses on.
The first City of Heroes novel, "Web of Arachnos," released in late 2005, delved deeper into the character's history by showing his origins, how he came by his powers and how he came to be a hero and found the Freedom Phalanx. The sequel, "The Freedom Phalanx", released in May 2006, focuses on Statesman's dealing with his wife's imminent death, and by extension, the consequences of his own immortality. Statesman is arguably the most memorable hero in the "City of Heroes" franchise.
The status of the third City of Heroes novel, which was to focus on "the Rikti War" of the game's lore, is currently unknown, but would have featured Statesman and the Freedom Phalanx prominently, and covered the actual events of the Rikti War, which is referred to in the official City of Heroes fictional timeline on the game's website. It was originally slated for release in August 2006. As of the present time, NC Soft has made no further information about the book available.
History.
Statesman served in City of Heroes version of World War I under his real name, Marcus Cole, alongside his then friend Stefan Richter (who would go on to become Statesman's primary arch-rival Lord Recluse). They traveled together after the war in an attempt to find a cure for Marcus' potentially fatal exposure to mustard gas. To accomplish this Cole led a double life as a criminal and as James Lancaster, the police officer sworn to take him in. The double life came to an end when he finally stole a scroll that revealed the location of the Fountain of Zeus, which he believed would cure him. Cole and Richter discovered the Fountain of Zeus on an island in Greece and drank from it. As a result, they gained superhuman powers and near-immortality. While at the fountain, they threw open the lid to Pandora's Box (holder of the golden light of Creation) which caused a dramatic increase in the number of superhumans worldwide and is directly responsible for their proliferation in the City of Heroes universe. Marcus went on to sell many of the island's treasures and built up a small fortune in Europe before Stefan, now calling himself Lord Recluse, lured him back to the United States and Paragon City (a fictional city which is located somewhere on the eastern seaborn side of Rhode Island). In order to avenge the deaths of his brother and stepfather, Marcus became the first costumed crimefighter in Paragon's history, The Statesman, going on to found the Freedom Phalanx and saving the city from an attack by the mechanical overlord Nemesis. He continued on as Statesman even after he defeated Recluse following the events of "Brass Monday". Statesman fought in the second World War after fighting crime on his native soil in Paragon City. 
Statesman has a keen interest in organizing the hero community as the founder of the Freedom Phalanx and a member of the Vanguard Elite (another supergroup from the City of heroes lore). Statesman is one of the few survivors of the devastating Rikti War(an alien-like invasion in the City of Heroes universe) and now spends much of his time aiding and training the new heroes of Paragon City. Though he actively fights crime on his own and with the Phalanx, he is also depicted in the comics as training up-and-coming heroes, a necessity in the days following the Rikti War which killed more than two-thirds of the entire population of heroes.
The novel "The Web of Arachnos" revealed that the Statesman married Stefan's sister Monica Richter, who had become Maiden Justice. In the second novel, "The Freedom Phalanx", it is also revealed she died of cancer in 1976. Official discussion on the City of Heroes message boards revealed that Statesman is the father of retired hero Miss Liberty and grandfather to the current hero Ms. Liberty, whom many players will immediately recognize as one of the two initial trainers new heroes meet in the game.
In the June 2005 Top Cow's issue of City of Heroes, it was revealed that Marcus Cole discovered the fabled "Fountain of Zeus." By drinking from this fountain, he obtained the strength, power, and spirit of the Greek god Zeus. Statesman's seemingly unmatched powers are apparently derived from his status as a near-god. When referring to Zeus, he changes between first and third-person usage. While this seems to contradict the previous origin, there have been some hints that he has not been fully open with his own origin. These events were discussed in detail in "The Web of Arachnos".
The Statesman has the reputation of being a bit of a humorless hard-nose when it comes to Hero duties. When being praised/questioned/admired by the younger heroes of the city, he is often stoic in response. In the 10th issue of the "City of Heroes" comics by Top Cow, he suspended Manticore for use of "excessive force" against the villain Protean, despite the fact that it was the only way to stop him from killing the coming-out-of-retirement Back Alley Brawler. It is believed that Statesman is this way because of how he's had to bid farewell to friends long gone while he remains young and invincible because of the power of Zeus. In recent issues (namely #13), however, it is shown that he is still capable of being friendly and cordial, as indicated by his enthusiastic hug and conversion with the Korean hero Foreshadow (who is also another long-lived entity). The name "Marcus Cole" may be a reference to the character of the same name from "Babylon 5".
In September 2011, City of Heroes launched a new story arc called Who Will Die. It was advertised that one of the Freedom Phalanx would perish during the storyline and a new part of the arc would be released each month until its conclusion in part 7. Part 5 was where the major death occurred and it was Statesman that was killed. The villain named Darrin Wade was conducting a scheme of his that involved using mystical artifacts that could transfer power from one person to another. As part of his plan, in part three of the arc, he had the daughter of Statesman, the retired super heroine known as Miss Liberty abducted and killed. In part 5, Statesman was pursuing Wade and walked into a trap that Wade had prepared especially for an incarnate of Zeus which Statesman was. Statesman was trapped and the player would watch a cutscene of Statesman as his powers were siphoned into Darrin Wade while Statesman's life and friends flash before his eyes. Statesman's final vision was that of his wife telling him that it was time for him to move on. Statesman was killed and the player gets to battle Darrin Wade who then leaves to pursue his agenda further. In interviews, Matt Miller a.k.a. Positron has stated that Statesman will remain as the poster hero of the game, and that the upcoming issue 23 update to the game will remove Statesman from the active game that the player experiences. He has also stated that Statesman is indeed deceased and that there are "no plans at this time" for him to return.
Powers and abilities.
Statesman's more commonly seen abilities are super strength and invulnerability to an incredible degree. The history of Paragon City on the official City of Heroes website details an event during the Cold War in which Statesman was attempting a rescue in Soviet controlled territory. The Soviet military, desperate to prevent the rescue, launched a nuclear missile at the hero. While it killed his charges, Statesman himself ultimately survived, displaying the lengths of his invulnerability. In the game itself, this seems to correspond to the Tanker archetype class and the primary and secondary powers of Invulnerability and Super Strength, respectively. In actuality, however, official statements on the boards have indicated that Statesman and Lord Recluse both belong to an archetype not yet in the game - Incarnate. He can fly under his own power, as seen in both the comics, the novels, and opening video.
A power that was not shown in the game or the spin-off media for years was a limited control over lightning. This was first confirmed by the developers on the message boards as Statesman's signature power and appears on both the Statesman Hero Clix piece and in the COH Trading Card game. Statesman's appearance in the end of the beta event for "City of Villains" allowed players to read over an extensive list of his powers. In addition to his Tanker primaries and secondaries, Statesman also possesses the flight, fitness, and leadership power pools, as well as his own personal power pool, named simply "Statesman." This pool contained several Electric powers, including the "nuke" Thunderous Blast, which he occasionally used in lieu of Super Strength attacks. Starting with Issue 7, a "Hero" version of Statesman randomly spawns as a reinforcement against villains in Recluse's Victory. This version has been confirmed through testing on the Training Room to use Thunderous Blast in his attack chains. Currently, Statesman within the game uses a new signature power with unique animation which replaces Thunderous Blast, called Zeus' Lightning Bolt.
Officially, Statesman is an Incarnate, one of City of Heroes' Epic Archetypes. This Archetype has not been yet been implemented in the game, and when heroes encounter the NPC version of Statesman on a late game mission, his powers are still based around the Tanker power sets. However, in spite of this, gamers who have encountered Emmert at game events and exhibitions have noted that he has three signature powers unique to his character as well as "Resistance" which is unique to signature character. Whether this is simply reflective of special perks available to Statesman as a "signature character" or if the Incarnate archetype is simply reflected by access to an additional pool of powers remains unknown.
Statesman's superhuman speed, strength, invulnerability and power of flight are reminiscent of DC Comics' most recognizable hero, Superman. However his control over lightning is similar to heroes such as Captain Marvel and Black Adam, among others. His backstory, history, appearance and over-the-top patriotism also bear a striking resemblance to Marvel Comics' Captain America.
In chapter eleven of the first City of Heroes novel "The Web of Arachnos", Statesman's transformation from ordinary human to superhuman is described as being accompanied with an amazing increase in the acuity of his senses, particularly vision, smell and hearing. He also appeared to have some form of control over it as well, again in a similar fashion to Superman. It also hints at an increased sense of touch, but this has never been directly stated, while the increase in sight, hearing and smell has been directly stated as having occurred after drinking from the fountain of Zeus.
Alternate versions.
Two evil counterparts of Statesman exist. One is The Reichsman, a version of Statesman who serves as the greatest 'hero' in a world in which the Axis had won World War II and served to keep America under Nazi rule. This particular evil version of the Statesman was ultimately defeated after a battle between his Amerika Corps and Statesman's Freedom Phalanx. The Reichsman remains in cryogenically suspended animation in the primary headquarters of the Freedom Phalanx.
The second evil counterpart to Statesman is yet another alternate dimension version called Tyrant, who leads a group known as the Praetorians. This version of the Freedom Phalanx is every bit the equal of the primary versions of the characters seen within the game, unlike the Amerika Corps, whose training was kept lax by Reichsman to avoid potential rivals to his power. According to Ms. Liberty (Statesman's granddaughter) in issue #16 of the Top Cow comic book based on the game, the Praetorians very nearly beat Statesman to death and tortured him. This version of Statesman remains free and can be found in the City of Heroes game, though how appears to be unknown. The comic insinuates that Tyrant's relationship with Dominatrix, his granddaughter (and the counterpart therefore of Ms. Liberty) may have been incestuous.
Both of these evil versions of the character are stated to be Statesman's equal and possess all of his powers. However, while little is known about Reichsman's personality, Tyrant is depicted in the comic book as overbearingly arrogant and overconfident in his power, believing Statesman to be the weaker of the two of them. 
Sean Michael Fish, known to the playerbase as Manticore, who is one of the developers of the City of Heroes game and backstory has stated that the Reichsman will return, leading the return of the Fifth Column, a group of neo-Nazi villains who were replaced by the Council. How this will occur is unknown as this has not yet happened in game, though the statement said that this would occur sometime in 2007. As no information yet released by the official website makes mention of it, this means that Reichsman will likely make his return (and thus his 'on-screen' debut in the game) sometime in the future. This has not been implemented as of March 2009, but the upcoming "Issue 15: Anniversary" will bring it about in the two 5th Column Task Forces.
Marvel litigation.
In a 2004 lawsuit, affiliates of Marvel Comics, among other claims, accused the creators and publishers of City of Heroes of trademark and copyright infringement, calling Statesman "a blatant rip-off of Marvel's Captain America." In 2005, some of Marvel's claims were dismissed, and the remainder of Marvel's claims were settled under undisclosed terms.
Manticore.
Manticore (Justin Sinclair) is the name of two Image Comics superheroes, father and son. The latter is one of the lead heroes in the City of Heroes backstory and the accompanying MMORPG. Created by Sean Michael Fish, he first appeared in "City of Heroes" Issue #1, Vol. 2. Combining high technology with an anachronistic weapon, Manticore shares similarities with the DC Comics hero Green Arrow and the Marvel Comics hero Hawkeye, and shares similarities to DC's Batman both in his backstory and his no-nonsense approach to crime fighting.
Positron.
Positron (Dr. Raymond Keyes) is a fictional superhero from the "City of Heroes" backstory. He was created by Matthew Miller, and first appeared in the first issue of the "City of Heroes" comic. His true name is used only once by Justin Sinclair, and only in the form of "Dr. Keyes". However, in the preview of the second City of Heroes novel "City of Heroes: The Freedom Phalanx" found at the end of the first novel "City of Heroes: Web of Arachnos", his first name is revealed as Raymond. This name is also seen on Positron's card in the now discontinued City of Heroes Collectible Card Game by Alderac Entertainment Group. Despite Positron's use of a suit of high-tech armor, similar to Marvel's Iron Man, it was revealed that due to a minor lab accident, Positron is actually able to control atomic energy, while using his suit as a means to focus that energy. It is revealed that during the Rikti War, he was badly injured and that he had to keep himself locked inside his armor to prevent his now out-of-control radioactive powers from harming others. Later, he was cured and was able to leave his armor.
Sister Psyche.
Sister Psyche is one of the more powerful psychics in Paragon City. After the onslaught of the Rikti War, Shalice Tilman's body was damaged to the extent that Sister Psyche was forced to put her mind into the body of another superheroine, Aurora Borealis. Eventually, Numina attempted to return Sister Psyche's mind to her original body, but this left Aurora Borealis weak, and her husband sought out the assistance of other heroes to help. When the ritual was complete, Sister Psyche returned to her original body.
When Arachnos attacked Paragon City in "City of Heroes" #1, Sister Psyche's mind was split, again, between herself, and the mind of her former host. Upon being exposed to the Flame of Prometheus, her mind was eventually restored to its original state as well as her powers. 
Later on in the series, Sister Psyche is abducted by Arachnos' agents to power a new giant spider-like robot. However, Lord Recluse's plans failed when it was revealed Manticore was a double agent, successfully saving her from a grim fate; unlike the other members of the Freedom Phalanx, Shalice was in on Manticore's plans. This arc in the series lays hints at a relationship between Sister Psyche and Manticore, though she initially states that what Manticore feels for her can't be accurately described as love. Oddly, the final arc of the series culminates in Sister Psyche's acceptance of Manticore's marriage proposal.
On February 14, 2008 in an in game event on the Training Room Server, Manticore and Sister Psyche tied the knot, though immediately after the ceremony, they were attacked by Lord Recluse and his minions, but fended off the attack.
Sister Psyche can control the minds of others and protect herself and her teammates with force fields. Within the comics, she has also displayed the ability to read the minds of others, making her quite the accomplished telepath. This has allowed her to inform her teammates on their enemies' weaknesses as well as their identities. However, she is known to be incapable or less effective at probing other telepaths. Her telepathy also allows her to communicate with others, even across large distances, as seen multiple times in the comics. She also has a special "Mindriding" ability that allows her to go from mind to mind freely. However, her own body is inert while in this process, and it is vital for her to escape a person's mind upon their death or she will suffer their same fate.
Sadly, during the Story Arc "Who Will Die?", due the manipulations of the villain Darrin Wade who had already killed Statesman, Manticore was forced to kill her as her powers went out of control, causing her to inflict mental pain on everyone in Paragon City. When she was killed, Wade was able to absorb her powers.
Synapse.
Synapse, also known as Steve Barry, is one of the fastest heroes in Paragon City. He used to work as an accountant at Crey Industries, one of the various villainous groups in the games, until he one day discovered an accounting discrepancy on a project that his friend Dr. Raymond Keyes (the future Positron), and another Crey scientist Dr. Rudy Bein were working on. He searched for the discrepancy, and when he was told by his supervisors that it was simply an error, he had his friend and co-worker Diego Alvarez search the database for the discrepancy which he showed to his employers. They thanked him for the help that he and Alvarez had done for them. That night, Barry was abducted at gunpoint from his desk and taken down to Dr. Bein's secret laboratory where they performed DNA manipulation. Diego was killed instantly by Bein, but Steve was subjected to high doses of electricity for several days, while Dr. Bein questioned him about Dr. Keyes as he felt he could not match the other superior scientist. On one day, Steve Barry managed to release a powerful blast of electricity, sending Bein across the room and freeing him from his restraints. He made his way to Ray's lab where he collapsed and was saved by Bein and his thugs when Ray put on the suit they had been working on. When Steve finally healed, he now had electrical and super speed powers. However, Crey Industries refuses to acknowledge what had happened to Steve, now known as Synapse, as they still have to show that they are not using the government funding for evil.
Maiden Justice.
Maiden Justice, also known as Monica Richter or Monica Cole, first appeared in "Web of Arachnos". When Marcus and Ezra Cole's parents died, Monica's father, Rudy Richter, took in the two orphans. The pair grew up alongside the young girl and her older brother, Stefan Richter. As years passed and Stefan and Marcus left to fight in the Great War, Ezra joined the police force and Rudy continued to edit and publish the "Paragon Free Press", the only truthful newspaper in the city. Monica kept up correspondence with Marcus, writing him monthly for nearly 15 years. At times she would receive letters back, but when Marcus became a "soldier of fortune" in Europe, those precious letters came less and less frequently.
When she had truly grown up, Monica became the crime reporter for the "Free Press". Ezra, one of the few good cops in the city, showed her the corruption of the government. Shortly after he showed her, he foolishly walked into an ambush with no backup and died at the hands of a 19th-century Prussian mastermind known as Nemesis. The only clue was a spot of motor oil beneath the body. Monica sent more letters to her long-time friend, Marcus, entreating him to return to Paragon and avenge his brother, but none of the letters she sent reached him, as they were being intercepted by her own brother, who hoped to turn the city into a technocracy. Soon after this, Rudy Richter was found dead with the same clues. Soon, Marcus returned to Paragon City and began his fight against injustice. Over time, Marcus and Monica realized they loved each other, got married and had at least one daughter, Miss Liberty (not to be confused with her granddaughter, Jessica Cole, who is Ms. Liberty).
In order to defend herself as a reporter, Monica began taking Jiu Jitsu from Masahito Mirimoto. Strangely, many who watched her practice noticed that an inexplicable golden glow seemed to emanate from her as she fought. This glow seemed to make her not only stronger, but faster as well. This power came from the opening of Pandora's Box and the release of the golden light of Creation. It was this light that allowed other heroes to be formed, as well. As time progressed, Monica adopted the super-hero alias "Maiden Justice" and became one of the founding members of the Freedom Phalanx, the group of heroes led by Statesman and sworn to defeat not only Lord Recluse, but also Nemesis.
In the fall of 1986, Monica died from cancer. She was survived by her husband Marcus, daughter Alexis (Miss Liberty), and granddaughter Jessica (Ms. Liberty).
War Witch.
War Witch originally appeared in the promotional issue of the "City of Heroes" comic book. She then was a primary character in the Blue King Studios-run of the comics, appearing alongside the characters Apex and Horus. She has since appeared in the game as a Trainer (a NPC who players go to in order to level up) in an ethereal form, and then in a physical form in the renovated Pocket D dance club zone. She has also made minor appearances in the Top Cow Productions run of the "City of Heroes" comic book.
Clarissa Moore is a witch who works alongside and lives with martial artist Hernando Barrera (Apex) in the Steel Canyon region of Paragon City. In the "City of Heroes" universe, she is a "Blaster", or a hero who relies on long-ranged attacks. Her powers allow her to freeze enemies at a distance as well as wield a fiery sword. She also has access to a coven which assists her, until all of the members are killed by the villain Requiem. She, too, dies at his hand, but not until weakening him enough to allow Horus and Apex to defeat him.
She later appears on the island situated upon the lake in the haunted zone of Salamanca (known in the game as "Croatoa") as a guide for heroes within, although she is only able to appear there because of the region and her own mystical powers.
Another War Witch, identical in appearance to the ghostly version and the version seen in the comics is present in the Pocket D dance club, overlooking the dance floor. While there have been various hints, it is not entirely clear if this War Witch is the original Clarissa Moore, a version from an alternate Earth or if she and the ghost version are the same entity.
Ms. Liberty.
Born as Jessica Cole, Ms. Liberty is the granddaughter of The Statesman (Marcus Cole) and his now-deceased wife, Maiden Justice, and the daughter of Maiden Justice's successor Miss Liberty. She has taken up the fight to protect not just Paragon City but the world, as a figurehead of the Freedom Corps and their paramilitary wing, known as Longbow. She is also heavily involved in the recruitment and training of heroes, and is usually the first stop on a novice hero's journey when they first arrive in Atlas Park.
Although she does not have the godlike power of her grandfather, Ms. Liberty's lineage gives her fearsome strength and resistance to damage. Her powers are amplified by the magical Liberty Belt passed down through her mother's side of the family, and she is expert in several forms of martial arts.
Ms. Liberty's "head cheerleader" stereotype is reinforced in the comics, depicting her as having a slightly humorless and superior attitude, as well as an ambitious thirst to prove herself and step out of the shadow of her forebears. She resents being referred to as "Statesman's Sidechick".
Ms. Liberty's "evil twin" on the Praetorian mirror world is Dominatrix, whose minions dress in fetishwear and carry energy whips. Their presence in-game is a frequent source of surprise to players encountering them for the first time, as well as debate and humor amongst the community. When depicted in the comic book "City of Heroes" #18, Dominatrix was as wild and untamed as Ms. Liberty was strait-laced, leading to much confusion.
Ms. Liberty has made several guest appearances at comic book fan conventions in Europe, often alongside regular nemesis Ghost Widow.
Arachnos.
Arachnos is a criminal group formed in the early part of the 20th century in Italy by a man known as The Weaver. Later, a villain called Lord Recluse took over the global network of Arachnos though betrayal; murder surely played a role. After taking over, Recluse subtly shifted Arachnos' priorities and interests to better suit his own ideological goals.
Lord Recluse went underground before emerging as the "legitimate" leader of the Rogue Isles, the nation shown in "City of Villains". Arachnos controls the Isles and Lord Recluse is considered a political figure, though he privately relishes the rare times he's able to get blood on his hands. Ruling a nation has allowed Lord Recluse to create armed forces, purchase military hardware, and research alien technology, increasing Arachnos' power. Now Arachnos fights to capture Paragon City.
Lord Recluse.
Lord Recluse is a fictional super-villain and archnemesis of the super-hero Statesman, from the PC videogames City of Heroes and City of Villains, created by Sean Michael Fish.
Biography.
Lord Recluse began his life as the technocrat named Stefan Richter, an American of Austrian descent. His father, an Austrian immigrant named Rudy Richter, took it upon himself to care for Marcus Cole, whose mother had died in childbirth while his father drank himself to death. Stefan and Marcus soon became best friends, and served together during the Great War. 
During the war, Marcus was exposed to the deadly German mustard gas, and his lungs became chronically ill. In hopes of finding a cure, Marcus and Stefan became thieves in search of the fabled Fountain of Zeus. After stealing an ancient Greek scroll, an early version of the Herodotus' ""Histories"", from a London museum, the two set out to locate a long-lost Greek island called Praxidae, which was said to house the mythical Well of Furies, beneath which the Fountain of Zeus resided. After locating the island and drinking from the fountain, both Marcus and Stefan were endowed with god-like powers that rivaled those of the demigods from myth and legend, curing Marcus' deadly ailment. Before leaving the island, however, the two uncovered an artifact thought to be Pandora's Box. Upon opening the box, which stored all of the creativity of humankind for the last millennium, its power was released unto the world, effectively starting another Golden Age of super-powered heroes. 
After the collapse of the cave in which the fountain and the box were housed, Stefan was washed into the open ocean. A friend named Billy had come to search for Stefan in a lifeboat. Billy attempted to pull Stefan from the frigid waters but, Stefan realized he did not need to be rescued from his new destiny; instead, he decided to embrace it. Stefan reached up, to take Billy by the throat, easily snapping his friend's neck and dumping his body into the ocean depths. Stefan then climbed into the lifeboat and headed towards his new future, and his descent into evil. By then, Stefan came upon a revelation in which he would use his newfound power to pave the way to a new age of science for mankind, officially marking his descent to evil. After the events that took place on the island of Praxidae, Stefan joined a shady Italian-based organization named Arachnos, then led by the mysterious figure only known as the Weaver, and was put in charge of the group's American branch based in Paragon City, Rhode Island. During his time within Arachnos, Stefan quickly climbed ranks and became known as the man called Recluse. 
Physical changes also started appearing, with Stefan's eyes progressively beginning to have almost allergic reactions to bright light, and steadily growing red and burning with malevolence, a sign of his status as the evil god, Tartarus (also sometimes called Hades); his back, through Stefan's focused manipulation of his dark power, began developing a hump which later was used to house eight massive arachnid-like arms. Upon further enhancement, the arms were outfitted with super-strong steel claws, made from a fictional alloy called proto-steel. Completing his transformation, he became known as Lord Recluse, and Stefan Richter was no more.
After Recluse's battle with Statesman, Marcus Cole's alter-ego, the evil mastermind went into hiding. During this unspecified time-period, through an assassination of the Weaver, Lord Recluse usurped power, becoming the unquestioned leader of Arachnos. The assassination was carried out by a woman only known as Red Widow. Lord Recluse established his base of operations on the Estoile Islands, nicknamed the Rogue Isles, a fictional archipelago off of the American east coast.
Powers.
Lord Recluse possesses super-human levels of strength, speed, and stamina. He also has four pairs (or eight arms) of arachnid-like claws that appear to be sheathed in proto-metal armor. While Lord Recluse isn't as strong as his archnemesis, the Statesman, his intellect, amplified by the powers of the Well of the Furies, is considered the most powerful on the planet. Like Statesman's exposure to the Well of the Furies, it has made also made Lord Recluse virtually immortal. While he can be killed, he may live many millennia, though not even the ancient Furies are sure how long Statesman's and Recluse's lives will last. The official website lists him as the Mastermind archetype, who can summon henchmen to aide him in fights. While the player-controlled Mastermind can only control and summon up to six henchmen, Recluse's status as the leader of Arachnos obviously allows him to control many more. It is worth noting that, due to the fact that the source of his power is the same as Statesman's, that he may be an Incarnate as well, despite being listed as a Mastermind Archetype. Both characters appear primarily as NPCs, and Statesman's NPC incarnation uses a Tanker powerset, so it is not impossible that Lord Recluse is an Incarnate, and simply listed as a Mastermind archetype because of the Incarnate Archetype not having been implemented yet.
Ghost Widow.
Ghost Widow was originally a Night Widow agent for Arachnos named Belladonna Veterano. She was an expert spy and a master of stealth, infiltration and disguise. When she was killed on a mission, she re-manifested as a spirit. She is often accompanied by the Wretch, an Arachnos soldier who was hideously scarred and mutated in his attempt to prevent Ghost Widow's death.
In her ghostly form, she can phase through walls and becomes solid only to interact with the everyday world. She can drain and transfer life force from victims as well as summon spirits to attack her enemies. She is the leader of the Fortunatas, the psychic footsoldiers of Arachnos, as well as the Night Widows. 
A model dressed as Ghost Widow has made several promotional appearances since the launch of "City of Villains", and is a popular attraction at comic book conventions.
Captain Mako.
Born as Gideon Ray, Captain Mako has shark-like features due to genetic mutation. Abandoned by his parents, he ended up in an orphanage. After several mysterious deaths, Ray fled to the sea where he continued to mutate. He eventually joined a pirate gang and took the name "Mako". Mako and his pirates set up base on Sharkhead Island and came into conflict with Lord Recluse when Arachnos came to take over the island base. The pirates were defeated, but Mako switched sides, ending up as Lord Recluse's bodyguard. He has since teamed up with villainess Barracuda and the magic race known as the Coralax. Captain Mako also leads the Crab Spider soldiers of Arachnos. He is a truly feral killer, and by far the most bloodthirsty of the Arachnos Patrons.
Scirocco.
Scirocco was the name given to a great hero who controlled the powers of the storm and the winds, similar to the sirocco he was named after. A hero in Paragon City in the 1980s also held the name of "Scirocco" in honor of the long dead hero of the Middle East. His powers came from a group of monks who kept the Temple of the Four Winds. The current Scirocco, a man named Imad Malak, found the tomb of the hero, including all of the former heroes' greatest magics, the bottle of a d'jinn named Serafina, and a magical scimitar named after the d'jinn. He, too, was later chosen to take up the mantle of the Scirocco of the Four Winds by the monks, until he turned on them and eventually became one of the higher-ranked officials in the Arachnos organization under Lord Recluse. During his time in Arachnos, he has brought the villainess Irena Rudenko, also known as Ice Mistral, under his wing as she too holds the power of the Temple of the Four Winds and has gone mad with its power.
Today, Scirocco leads the legions of Mu Mystics that are used as Arachnos' magical soldiers. For Villains in "City of Villains" that prove themselves to him, he grants them some of the powers of the Mu, including the ability to conjure lightning and lead a small squadron of Mu Mystics for their own uses.
Lord Nemesis.
Little is known about the enigmatic Lord Nemesis. He is the self-anointed "Prussian Prince of Automatons". His true face has not been seen in over a century; in an attempt to preserve himself, he has purposefully sealed himself inside one of his many suits of armor, supposedly fashioned into his likeness.
Lord Nemesis is a very charismatic individual and a brilliant mind, able to rival the scientific minds of the time, such as Lord Recluse, Vandal of the Council, and Weaver One of the Arachnos Orb Weavers. With his undying charisma, and several unknown methods, he has raised a deadly army of 19th century styled soldiers. 
Some of his greatest achievements stand upon the threshold of changing the very scope of humanity. At the conclusion of World War II, Lord Nemesis overthrew the United States, and crowned himself the Emperor of the Americas, implementing several fail-safe measures to make sure no one tried to question him. His reign was short, and he was dethroned by the heroes that fought in Europe. His other large achievement, or perhaps his greatest blunder, was the instigation of the Rikti War. Utilizing advanced Automaton replicas he had designed and built himself of the Freedom Phalanx, Lord Nemesis used Portal Technology, also designed and built himself, to send the automatons to attack the Rikti Homeworld. Having been provoked like this, the Rikti began a war that nearly brought the Earth to its knees, taking with it thousands of human and Rikti casualties, and the destruction of most of the world's heroes, including the British signature hero, Hero 1.
Lord Nemesis' other achievements lie in his indirect approach to Paragon City. He is responsible for many villain groups in the game, including the Family, a criminal organization much like the mafia, and the Sky Raiders, a band of mercenaries that utilize cutting edge technology. He is the financial backer of these groups, and many others, giving subtle orders and ideas from the shadows.
Lord Nemesis is an extremely adept tinkerer and engineer, and uses his genius intellect to build many weapons, devices and other pieces of technology for use by his army. While his steam and clockwork creations may appear old fashioned, they are some of the most advanced pieces of technology on the planet, outperforming almost all of the world's militaries, and even rivaling the technologies of alien species, including the Rikti.
Issue 19 reveals that Lord Nemesis will survive many thousands of years into the future and will eventually become the last surviving member of the human race, causing him to travel back in time to the present as Mender Silos, leader of the time altering group known as Ouroboros.

</doc>
<doc id="19862870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862870" title="The Dirty Game">
The Dirty Game

The Dirty Game (, , ) is a 1965 anthology spy film starring Henry Fonda and Robert Ryan.
The original film had Robert Ryan linking four different spy stories, each helmed by a different director; original James Bond director Terence Young for the English sequences, Christian-Jaque for the French, Carlo Lizzani for the Italian and Werner Klingler for the German sequences, but the German sequences were cut for the American release.
Plot.
A man tells of three different spy missions he took part in.

</doc>
<doc id="19862903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862903" title="Ein Bokek">
Ein Bokek

Ein Bokek () is a hotel and resort district on the Israeli shore of the Dead Sea, near Neve Zohar. It is under the jurisdiction of the Tamar Regional Council.
Archaeological findings at Ein Bokek include the ruins of Metzad Bokek, a small Roman fortress commanding the main road, and the remains of an ancient partly reconstructed perfume and medicine factory. The Bokek Stream, for which the district is named, is a canyon-like gorge with water springs and unique fauna and flora.
The Zohar Hot Springs (, "Hamei Zohar") are located three kilometers south of Ein Bokek. Rich in sulphur, the water is believed to be particularly beneficial in the treatment of muscular ailments, diseases of the joints and allergies.
The world's lowest installed ATM is at Ein Bokek; it was installed independently by a grocery store at 421 metres (1381 feet) below sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19862906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862906" title="French frigate Sibylle (1792)">
French frigate Sibylle (1792)

Sibylle was an 38-gun "Hébé" class frigate of the French Navy. She was launched in 1791 at the dockyards in Toulon and placed in service in 1792. After the 50-gun Fourth Rate HMS "Romney" captured her in 1794, the British took her into service as HMS "Sybille". She served in the Royal Navy until disposed of in 1833. While in British service "Sybille" participated in three notable single ship actions, in each case capturing a French vessel. On anti-slavery duties off West Africa from July 1827 to June 1830, "Sybille" captured numerous slavers and freed some 3,500 slaves. She was finally sold in 1833 in Portsmouth.
French service.
From 23 April 1790 to October–December 1792, "Sibylle" escorted a convoy and transferred funds from Toulon to Smyrna, first under Capitaine de vaisseau (CV) Grasse-Briançon and then CV de Venel. From March 1793 to January 1794, under CV Rondeau, she escorted convoys between Toulon and Marseilles and then she moved to the Levant station. She cruised the Aegean Sea, and in June 1794 she was escorting a convoy from Candia to Mykonos. On 17 June, as "Sybille" was anchored in Miconi along with three merchantmen bound for Cadie, she was met with a British convy escorted by HMS "Romney", under Capt. Paget, and three frigates. "Romney" approached and demanded that "Sybille" hoist a white flag, to which Rondeau retorted that he could not fly another flag than that of the Republic; "Romney" opened fire, and after a one hour and a half of gunnery exchanges, "Sybille" struck to her much more powerful opponent. Paget took possession of "Sibylle" and the merchantmen, but left the crew and Rondeau ashore. "Sibylle" was taken into British service as HMS "Sybille".
British service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
In 1798, she served off the Philippines. In December, she gave chase to the privateer "Clarisse", under Robert Surcouf. "Clarisse" escaped by throwing eight guns overboard.
In February 1799, while under the command of Captain Edward Cooke, "Sybille" patrolled the Indian Ocean in a hunt for the French frigate "Forte", under captain Beaulieu-Leloup. The ships met on 28 February in the Balasore Roads in the Bay of Bengal. "Sybille" took "Forte" by surprise and captured her, as "Forte"s captain mistook "Sybille" for a merchantman. Cooke was wounded in the action and died at Calcutta 23 May, aged 26. Though his grave is in Calcutta, the East India Company erected a monument to him in Westminster Abbey in appreciation of the benefit to British trade of his capture of "Forte". In all, "Sybille" lost five dead and 17 wounded. In 1847 the Admiralty authorized the issuance of the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Sybille 28 Feby. 1799" to all remaining survivors of the action.
In June 1799, "Sybille" came under the command of Captain Charles Adam. On 23 August 1800, "Sybille", with "Daedalus", "Centurion" and "Braave" captured a Dutch brig. The Royal Navy took her into service as "Admiral Rainier". The British ships had entered Batavia Roads and captured five Dutch armed vessels in all and destroyed 22 other vessels. "Sybille" alone apparently captured one brig of six guns, four proas armed with swivels, four proas armed, between with three 8-pounder and three 4-pounder guns, and some 21 unarmed proas, of which five were lost. How many of these, if any, are among the vessels reported as being taken in the Batavia Roads is not clear.
On 19–20 August 1801, in the Roads of Mahé, Seychelles, "Sybille" captured the French frigate "Chiffonne", under the command of Capitaine de Vaisseau Guieyesse. "Chiffone" had captured the Portuguese corvette "Andorinha" off the coasts of Brazil on 5 May, and the East Indiaman "Bellona" in the Madagascar Channel on 16 June. (Later, from 23 May 1803 to 1805, Charles Adams would command "Chiffonne".)
On 3 May 1807, under Capt. Robert Winthrop, "Sybille" captured the French 4-gun privateer "Oiseau" in the Channel.
"Sybille", under the command of Capt. Clotworthy Upton, participated in Battle of Copenhagen (1807), where she bombarded the city. The battle resulted in the British capturing the Danish Fleet.
On 25 January 1808, while on the Home station, "Sibylle" captured the French privateer lugger "Grand Argus". "Grand Argus" was pierced for 12 guns but carried only four. She and her crew of 41 men were under the command of Michael Daguinet. She was on her first cruise from Granville but had made no captures in three days she had been out.
Then on 16 August, "Sybille" captured the French brig-corvette "Espiègle", later recommissioned in the Royal Navy as "Electra". "Espiègle" arrived in Cork on the evening of 31 August.
In the summer of 1809 "Sybille" cruised off the Greenland ice. Her role was to protect the whalers from privateers and then to escort them back to Britain.
In subsequent years she captured several privateers. In October 1810 she captured the French privateer "Edouard" on the coast of Ireland. "Edouard", under Guillaume Moreau, was armed with 14 guns and had a crew of 90 men. She was eight days out of Abrevarake.
On 28 January 1812 "Sybille" was in company with "Surveillante" and "Spitfire", when "Surveillante" captured the American ship "Zone". In 10 May "Sybille" captured the French 14-gun privateer "Aigle" at sea. On 2 August she detained and sent into Cork the "Perseverance" of New York.
Lastly, on 5 February 1813 "Sybille" captured the French privateer "Brestois" at sea. "Brestois" was a schooner armed with 14 guns and carrying a crew of 121 men. "Sybille" sent her into Cork too.
Post-war service.
Captain Sir John Pechell took command of "Sybille" on 1 July 1823 and fitted her out for service in the Mediterranean. She sailed in October and proceeded to spend three years protecting the Ionian Islands and suppressing piracy.
A year later, "Sybille" enforced an indemnity on the government of the First Hellenic Republic for an attack on a Turkish vessel in violation of the neutrality of the United States of the Ionian Islands. Pechell seized a number of Greek ships until the indemnity of 40,000 dollars was forthcoming. On 5 October 1824, her boats succeeded in cutting out three Greek schooners: "Polyxenes" of 8 guns and 69 men; "San Niccolo" of 10 guns and 73 men; and "Bella Poula" of 8 guns and 37 men. "Sybille" took the prizes to Zante and the prisoners to Corfu.
In October 1825, boats from "Sybille" and "Medina", Captain Timothy Curtis, found a Greek pirate mistico and her prize at anchor in a cove at Catacolo. The British handed the Ionian prize over to the authorities in Zante and sent the mistico to Corfu.
"Sybille"s next notable action occurred when she attacked a pirate lair at Kaloi Limenes at the end of June 1826. "Sybille" sent in her boats but they were unsuccessful, suffering some 13 dead and 31 wounded, five of whom died subsequently. Gunfire from "Sybille" killed many pirates until the pirates traded a Royal Marine they had captured from one of the boats for a cease-fire. "Sybille" left the island though some time later a Turkish brig chased the pirates' remaining boat ashore in Anatolia thus ending that threat.
Suppressing the slave trade.
From 4 December 1826 until 1830, "Sybille" was part of the West Africa Squadron, which sought to suppress the slave trade. There she was under the command of Commodore Francis Augustus Collier.
On 6 September 1827, "Sybille" captured the Brazilian ship "Henriqueta" (also "Henri Quatre"), with 569 slaves on board, of whom 546 survived to be liberated in Sierra Leone. In December the Admiralty purchased "Henriquetta" for £900 as a tender to "Sybille" and renamed her "Black Joke". "Black Joke" would go on to be one of the most successful anti-slavery vessels in the squadron.
On 14 March 1828 "Sybille" was reported to have captured three slave vessels: possibly a Dutch schooner with 272 slaves; a Spanish schooner with 282 slaves; and the "Hope", former tender to the "Maidstone", with a cargo on board for the purchase of slaves. When "Sybille" arrived at Sierra Leone on 17 May for refitting in preparation for a passage to Ascension Island, she reported that since she arrived on the station in July 1827 she had freed over 1100 slaves.
In 1829, 204 men died on board "Eden" from yellow fever. To convince the crew of "Sybille" that the fever was not contagious, her surgeon, Robert McKinnal, drank a glassful of black vomit from an ailing crew member.
Between February and March 1829 "Sybille" captured a Brazilian brig, and her tenders captured the slave schooner "Donna Barbara". By 11 April 1829, "Sybille" claimed to have released over 3,900 slaves in the previous 22 months. On 29 April she captured a Spanish schooner with 291 slaves on board. Then on 12 May she sent in to the prize court a schooner with 185 slaves on board.
"Sybille" also seized and condemned a number of vessels for illicitly trafficking in slaves. On 11 October it was the brigantine "Tentadora" and on 1 November the brigantine "Nossa Senhora da Guia", with 310 slaves, of whom 238 survived. On 30 January 1830 "Sybille" seized and condemned a third, unnamed vessel. Then on 15 January she took the "Umbelino", 377 slaves of whom only 163 survived, and eight days later, the "Primera Rosalia", with 282 slaves, of whom 242 survived. She also captured a brigantine from Lagos after a 27 hour chase; the vessel turned out to have 282 slaves on board. Her last capture occurred on 1 April when she captured "Manzanares". "Sybille" finally returned to Portsmouth from the coast of Africa on
26 June and was paid off.
Fate.
Between January 1830 and July 1831 she was fitted as a lazaretto for Dundee. She was eventually sold to Mr. Henry for ₤2,460 on 7 August 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="19862920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862920" title="Cherokee Lake">
Cherokee Lake

Cherokee Lake, also known as Cherokee Reservoir, is a reservoir in Tennessee formed by the impoundment of the Holston River behind Cherokee Dam. 
The reservoir has a surface area of about , a flood-storage capacity of , and nearly of shoreline. In a normal year, the lake water level fluctuates over a range of about .
Cherokee Dam is a Tennessee Valley Authority dam intended for hydroelectric generation and flood control. The dam was built on a crash schedule; construction started August 1, 1940, and was completed on December 5, 1941.
Public access areas, Panther Creek State Park and other public parks, commercial boat docks and resorts, and a state wildlife management area on the shores of the lake attract extensive recreational use. 
In order to maintain dissolved oxygen concentrations in the river below the dam at levels that will support aquatic life, perforated hoses suspended above the bottom of Cherokee Reservoir are used to inject oxygen into the reservoir water and devices which resemble large underwater fans located just above the dam are used to push warm oxygenated water downward to the depths where water is released for hydroelectric generation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19862934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862934" title="MDG Midgy-Club">
MDG Midgy-Club

__NOTOC__
The MDG Midgy-Club was a post war cabin biplane designed and built by Instruments de Precision M.D.G at Garches, France. The company designed and built precision instruments and due to the close relationship with the aviation industry the company designed and built two aircraft, the first MDG LD.45 was a single-seat biplane. The MDG LD-261 Midgy-Club was a follow-on design with an enclosed cabin with two seats arranged in tandem layout. It was built in small numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19862936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862936" title="Victoria Girls' High School">
Victoria Girls' High School

Victoria Girls' High School is a state (public) school in Grahamstown, South Africa with a 100% pass rate and 94% endorsement. It is a girls-only school that caters for learners from Grade 8 to Grade 12. Victoria Girls' High School is a leading school in the province. It has repeatedly produced the top matric pupil in its educational district of Cacadu. VGHS has twice, in 2007 and again in 2011, been the winner of the "PetroSA Proudly South African HomeGrown Awards", "Educational Institute of the Year." The school is also a member of the Allan Gray Orbis Foundation's "Circle of Excellence. Victoria Girls' High has also been placed sixth in the Eastern Cape based on its outstanding Mathematics and Science results.
Victoria Girls' High School also offers boarding facilities ranging from small and homely to large and social. 
Victoria Girls' High offers a wide range of facilities including the Johan Carinus Art Centre, computer centres, three science labs and an ninety seater audio-visual presentation venue. Currently under construction is a new music centre.
School Hymn.
Who Would True Valour See - by John Bunyan (adapted to suit school)
Who would true Valour see,<br>
Let her come hither.<br>
One here will constant be,<br> 
Come wind, come weather. <br>
There’s no discouragement,<br>
shall make her once relent.<br>
Her first avowed intent<br>
To be a pilgrim.
Who so beset her round,<br>
With dismal stories.<br>
Do but themselves confound -<br>
Her strength the more is.<br>
No foes shall stay her might;<br>
Though she with giants fight,<br>
She will make good her right<br>
To be a pilgrim.
Since, Lord, Thou dost defend<br>
Us with Thy Spirit,<br>
We know we at the end, <br>
Shall life inherit.<br>
Then fancies flee away!<br>
I’ll fear not what men say,<br>
I’ll labor night and day <br>
To be a pilgrim.

</doc>
<doc id="19862991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862991" title="List of Tulane University in literature and media">
List of Tulane University in literature and media

Tulane University has been portrayed in several books, television shows, films and video games. Also, the campus and affiliated buildings have been used for several productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19863000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863000" title="Hombre (magazine)">
Hombre (magazine)

Hombre is the only American bilingual, upmarket national magazine targeting Latin men. The bimonthly launched in 2005 and has a circulation of 200,000. 
"Hombre" includes interviews with prominent Latin men, news features relevant to the Latin community, sports stories, fashion editorials, and photo layouts of Latin women. Lifestyle columns include sections on travel, restaurants and hotels, nightlife, as well as health and fitness. The Entertainment section has features and reviews of theater, film, music and television projects. Musical reviews focus on Latin artists. The Events section lists national and international happenings. The first woman featured in the photo layout section of "Hombre" was Roselyn Sanchez.
Hombre Magazine is a sponsor of Latin events throughout the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="19863006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863006" title="1998 Eurocard Open">
1998 Eurocard Open

The 1998 Stuttgart Masters (known as the "Eurocard Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 3rd edition of the Stuttgart Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Schleyerhalle in Stuttgart, Germany, from October 26 through November 2, 1998.
The singles field was led by. Other top seeds were.

</doc>
<doc id="19863007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863007" title="BANISS">
BANISS

BANISS (Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar National Institute of Social Sciences) is an educational institute, setup by Madhya Pradesh government on 14 November 1988 at Mhow, Indore in India. The institute provides research facilities on various Social Science streams, particularly on the social issues of India. Courses offered by the BANISS, are research oriented and are MPhil and PhD programs.
References.
http://www.baniss.in/

</doc>
<doc id="19863016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863016" title="Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan">
Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan

Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan (born 12 February 1987 in Neptune, New Jersey, died 6 August 2007 in Baqouba, Iraq) was a Muslim-American U.S. Army Specialist who died in Operation Iraqi Freedom. He received a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart for his service. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. 
The son of Feroze Khan of New Jersey and Elsheba Khan of Maryland, Khan was a 2005 graduate from Southern Regional High School in the Manahawkin section of Stafford Township, New Jersey. Khan was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division (Stryker Brigade Combat Team), based in Fort Lewis, Washington. 
According to the "Gannett News Service," he was "spurred by the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center wanted to show that not all Muslims were fanatics and that many, like him, were willing to lay their lives down for their country, America. He enlisted immediately after graduation and was sent to Iraq in July 2006."
He was promoted posthumously to the rank of Corporal. 
His service was cited during a 19 October 2008 interview on "Meet the Press" with general Colin Powell. In particular, Powell referred to a photograph in "The New Yorker" which showed Khan's mother by his gravestone in Arlington National Cemetery. Powell said Khan's example refutes the anti-Muslim sentiment present in the Republican campaign during the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, namely that being Muslim disqualifies a person from being a genuine, patriotic American, or that a Muslim could not become President.

</doc>
<doc id="19863017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863017" title="Custos Brevium">
Custos Brevium

The Custos Brevium was an official in the Court of Common Pleas and Court of King's Bench. In the Court of Common Pleas the Custos Brevium served as Chief Clerk, in charge of the officials that supported the Justices of the Common Pleas in their business. In practice the position was a royal favour, and the actual clerking was done by the Custos Brevium's Deputy.
The Custos Brevium of the King's Bench is a much more obscure figure because he was not appointed by the King. The office of Custos Brevium of the King's Bench was combined with the Clerk of the Treasury and Clerk of the Warrants by the 17th century, and there is enough evidence to suggest this had probably occurred by the middle of the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19863025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863025" title="Sport in India">
Sport in India

There are a number of popular sports in India but cricket is the most popular. The country also has won eight Olympic gold medals in field hockey. India has hosted and co-hosted several international sporting events, including the 1951 and 1982 Asian Games, the 1987, 1996 and 2011 Cricket World Cup, the 2003 Afro-Asian Games, the 2010 Hockey World Cup and the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Major international sporting events annually held in India include the Chennai Open, Mumbai Marathon, Delhi Half Marathon, and the Indian Masters. In 2011, India hosted its first Indian Grand Prix at the Buddh International Circuit, an Indian motor racing circuit in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The National Games of India is a national domestic sports event, which has been held in the country since 1924. India also is home to cricket's Indian Premier League (IPL), launched in 2008. According to Forbes magazine, IPL is the second-richest sports league after the NBA.
History.
Following is a list of international sports events held in India:
Before independence.
The history of sports in India dates back to the Vedic era. Physical culture in ancient India was fuelled by religious rights.
The mantra in the Atharvaveda, says, "Duty is in my right hand and the fruits of victory in my left." In terms of an ideal, these words hold the same sentiments as the traditional Olympic Oath: "For the Honour of my Country and the Glory of Sport."
Badminton probably originated in India as a grownup's version of a very old children's game known in England as Battledore and Shuttlecock, the battledore being a paddle and the shuttlecock a small feathered cork, now usually called a "bird."
Games like chess, snakes and ladders, playing cards, and polo originated in India, and it was from here that these games were transmitted to foreign countries, where they were further modernised.
After independence.
After the IX Asian Games in New Delhi in 1982, the capital city now has modern sports facilities. Such facilities are also being developed in other parts of the country. Besides sports and games included in the international sporting agenda, there are many which have developed indigenously. Among these are wrestling and several traditional systems of martial arts. The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports was initially set up as the Department of Sports in 1982 at the time of organisation of the IX Asian Games in New Delhi. Its name was changed to the Department of Youth Affairs & Sports during celebration of the International Youth Year in 1985.
India has hosted or co-hosted several international sporting events, including the 1951 and the 1982 Asian Games, the 1987 and 1996 Cricket World Cup, the 2003 Afro-Asian Games, the 2010 Hockey World Cup, and the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Major international sporting events annually held in India include the Chennai Open, Mumbai Marathon, Delhi Half Marathon, and the Indian Masters. The country hosted the 2011 Cricket World Cup and the first Indian Grand Prix in 2011.
Administration and funding.
Political responsibility for sport in India is with the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, which is headed by a cabinet minister and managed by National Sport Federations. Sports Authority of India, the field arm of the Ministry, supports and nurtures talent in youth, and provides them with requisite infrastructure, equipment, coaching facilities and competition exposure. Dorabji Tata, with the support of Dr. A.G. Noehren, then director of YMCA, established the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) in 1927. IOA is responsible for the Indian continent’s participation in the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, Asian Games (outdoor, indoor and beach), and South Asian Games. Each Olympic and non-Olympic sport has a federation at the national level.
The selection of the national teams is done by the respective national federations and then recommend to IOA for official sponsorship for participation in the games conducted under the auspices of the International Olympic Committee, Olympic Council of Asia, Commonwealth Games Federation, and SAG. A special feature of the Indian Olympic Association is that the National Federations and the State Olympic Associations are affiliated with and recognised by it. The main task of the State Olympic Associations is to promote the Olympic sport and to ensure co-ordination among the State Sports Associations. In 2010–11, the total budget for sports and physical education schemes is . Hockey, in which India has an impressive record with eight Olympic gold medals, is said to be the national sport(unclear source). The Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and the Arjuna Award are India's highest awards for achievement in sports, while the Dronacharya Award is awarded for excellence in coaching.
India has been criticised for neglecting women in sports, as depicted in the film "Chak De! India", where women's sports associations are under-sponsored and out of funds.
India at the Olympics.
India first participated at the Olympic Games in 1900, with an athlete (Norman Pritchard) winning two medals in athletics. The nation first sent a team to the Summer Olympic Games in 1920, and has participated in every Summer Olympic Games ever since. India has also competed at several Winter Olympic Games since 1964. India has won a total of 20 Olympic medals. India won its first gold medal in men's field hockey in the 1928 Olympic Games. Abhinav Bindra became the first Indian to win an individual gold medal at the Olympic Games, and India's first gold medal since 1980, when the men's field hockey team won the gold.
India is remarkable among nations for having won very few Olympic medals, despite a population exceeding one billion, around half of them under the age of 25. Numerous explanations have been offered for the dearth, including poverty, malnutrition, widespread vegetarianism, neglected infrastructure, the lack of sponsorship, the theft of money and equipment, political corruption, institutional disorganisation, social immobility, the predominance of cricket, and other cultural factors.
According to several informal statistics, India is the country with the lowest number of total Olympic medals per capita (out of those countries which have won at least one medal).
In the Winter Olympic Games, India has seen four consecutive representations–Nagano (Japan, 1998), Salt Lake City (Utah, USA, 2002), Turin (Italy, 2006), and Vancouver (British Columbia, Canada, 2010) through Shiva Keshavan, who is the current Asian Champion in luge.
Field hockey.
Field hockey was considered to be the national game of India, but this has been recently denied by the Government of India, clarifying on a Right to Information Act (RTI) filed that India has not declared any sport as the national game.
Until the mid-1970s, India dominated international field hockey, winning eight Olympic gold medals and won the men's Hockey World Cup held in 1975. Since then, barring a gold medal in the 1980 Olympics, India's performance in field hockey has been dismal, with other hockey-playing nations such as Australia, Netherlands and Germany improving their standards and catching up with India. Its decline is also due to the change in rules of the game, introduction of artificial turf, and internal politics in Indian field hockey bodies. The popularity of field hockey has also declined massively parallel to the decline of the Indian hockey team. In recent years, the standard of Indian hockey has gone from bad to worse, with the Indian hockey team not qualifying for the 2008 Olympics and finishing last in the 2012 Olympics. Currently, the Indian team is 11th in the rankings of the Fédération Internationale de Hockey sur Gazon (FIH, English:International Hockey Federation), the international governing body of field hockey and indoor field hockey.
India has hosted two Hockey World Cups–one in 1982 in Mumbai, and another in 2010 in Delhi, where they finished fifth and eighth respectively. India also hosted the annual Hockey Champions Trophy in 1996 and 2005.
Until 2008, the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) was the apex body for hockey in the country. However, following revelations of corruption and other scandals in the IHF, the federation was dissolved and de-recognised, and a new apex body for Indian hockey called Hockey India (HI) was formed on 20 May 2009, with support from the IOA and former hockey players. HI, recognised by the International Hockey Federation (FIH), has the sole mandate to govern and conduct all activities for both men's and women's field hockey in India. Although the IHF was reinstated in 2010, it is not recognised by the FIH. The IHF conducts a franchise-based tournament called World Series Hockey (WSH), with its first season conducted in 2012. However, it is not approved by HI or the FIH.
HI also conducts a franchise-based tournament called the Hockey India League (HIL). Its first season was in 2013 and is inspired from the Board of Control for Cricket in India's (BCCI's) highly successful Indian Premier League. The tournament is recognised by the FIH, which has also decided to provide a 30-day window for the forthcoming seasons so that all top players can participate.
Cricket.
Cricket has a long history in India, having been introduced in the country during the British rule. It is the most popular sport by a wide margin in India and is often considered to be an unofficial religion in India. Cricket is played on local, national, and international levels, and enjoys consistent support from people in most parts of India. Its development has been closely tied in with the history of the country, mirroring many of the political and cultural developments around issues such as caste, gender, religion, and nationality. The Indian national cricket team played its first official match (a Test) in 1932 against England, and the team's performance since then has generally been mixed, sometimes enjoying stupendous success and sometimes suffering outright failure. The highest profile rival of the Indian cricket team is the Pakistani cricket team, though, in recent times, it has gained other rivals, including Australia, South Africa and England.
Although cricket is the most popular sport in India, it is not the nation's official national sport. India does not have a national sport. The governing body for cricket in India, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), was formed in December 1928 and is based in Mumbai. Today, BCCI is the richest sporting body in the world.
India has hosted or co-hosted a large number of multi-nation major international cricket tournaments, including the 1987 Cricket World Cup (co-hosted with Pakistan), the 1996 Cricket World Cup (co-hosted with Pakistan and Sri Lanka), the 2006 ICC Champions Trophy and the 2011 Cricket World Cup (co-hosted with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh). The India national cricket team has won major tournaments, including the 1983 Cricket World Cup in England, the 2007 ICC World Twenty20 in South Africa, the 2011 Cricket World Cup (which they won by beating Sri Lanka in the final at home), and the 2013 ICC Champions Trophy, and has shared the 2002 ICC Champions Trophy with Sri Lanka. It had also briefly held the position of the No. 1 team in Tests. The domestic competitions include the Ranji Trophy, the Duleep Trophy, the Deodhar Trophy, the Irani Trophy, and the Challenger Series, all of which are not widely followed, despite cricket's popularity in the country. This parallels the global situation in cricket, where the international game is more widely followed than the domestic game in all major cricketing countries. In addition, the BCCI conducts the Indian Premier League, a domestic franchise-based Twenty20 competition, during March–April every year and is extremely popular.
Football.
Football was introduced to India during the British occupation. Although India has never been represented in any FIFA World Cup, it did qualify in 1950, though it did not take part, as they were not allowed to play barefoot. India was an Asian powerhouse in football in 1950s and in 1960s. During this golden era, India created history as the first Asian team to reach semi-finals in an Olympic football tournament in 1956 Summer Olympics at Melbourne and Neville D'Souza became the first Asian and Indian to score a hat-trick (record remains unbeaten) in an Olympic match. India also finished as runners-up in the 1964 AFC Asian Cup. But later on, the standard of football started to decline due to lack of professionalism and fitness culture. India currently ranks 148th in the FIFA rankings as of 28 November 2013.
Football is, nevertheless, widely popular both as a spectator sport, and as a participation sport. In some parts of the country such as Kerala, West Bengal, Goa and the Northeast, its popularity rivals that of cricket. The India national football team represents India in all FIFA tournaments. The Yuva Bharati Krirangan of Kolkata is the second largest non-auto racing stadium in the world.
In June 1937, at the Army Headquarters, Shimla, the All India Football Federation (AIFF) was formed at a meeting of the representatives of football associations of six regions where the game was very popular in those days. It is the governing body for football in India.
Domestic competitions for men's football include the I-League and the I-League 2nd Division in the Indian League System, the annual knock-out style Federation Cup (India) and the Indian Super Cup, for women's football the India women's football championship. However, it is the European football tournaments, such as the English Premier League, Spanish La Liga and the UEFA Champions League, which are very popular among Indian football fans, especially in metropolitan cities.
The 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup will be the 17th tournament of the FIFA U-17 World Cup. FIFA revealed on 5 December 2013 (as part of their Executive Committee meets in Salvador, Brazil), that India will be the host.This will be the first time India will host an international football competition at world level.
Basketball.
Basketball is a popular sport in India, played in almost every school, although very few people follow it professionally. India has both men's and women's national basketball teams. Both teams have hired head coaches who have worked extensively with NBA players and now aim to popularise the game in India.
The "Young Cagers", as the national team is nicknamed, made one Olympic appearance in basketball, and appeared 20 times in the Asian Championship. India is currently ranked 58th in the world in basketball. The Indian national team had its best result at the 1975 Asian Championship, when the team finished ahead of teams including the Philippines, one of Asia's basketball strongholds. Internationally, one of the most recognised Indian basketball players has been Sozhasingarayer Robinson. Affiliated into the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) since 1936, India has one of Asia's longest basketball traditions.
India's women had their best result at the recent 2011 FIBA Asia Championship for Women when they finished 6th. The team has several internationally known players including Geethu Anna Jose, who was invited to tryouts for the WNBA in 2011.
Tennis.
Tennis is a popular sport among Indians in urban areas. Tennis has gained popularity after the exploits of Vijay Amritraj. India's fortunes in Grand Slam singles have been unimpressive, although Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi have won many men's doubles and mixed doubles Grand Slam titles. Sania Mirza is the only notable Indian woman tennis player, having won a WTA title and breaking into the Top 30 WTA rankings. On the men's side, young Somdev Devvarman and Yuki Bhambri are flying India's flag on the ATP Tour. Yuki was the Australian Open junior singles champion in 2009.
Chess.
Chess has risen in popularity in India over the last few decades, primarily due to its star player GM Viswanathan Anand. He was the former World Champion, and he has revolutionised the popularity of this game in India.
According to Fédération Internationale des Échecs or World Chess Federation (FIDE), the World Ranking (active players) as of May 2013:
1. Viswanathan Anand: 5th rank with a rating of 2,783
2. Koneru Humpy: 3rd rank with a rating of 2,597
3. Dronavalli Harika: 18th rank with a rating of 2,492
The game may have originated from India as a successor to Chaturanga or Shatranj. The All India Chess Federation is the governing body for chess in India.
Motorsports.
Motorsport is a popular spectator sport in India, although there are relatively few competitors compared to other sports, due to the high costs of competing. On 1 February 2005, Narain Karthikeyan became India's first Formula One racing driver. On March 2007, he also became the first-ever Indian-born driver to compete in a NASCAR Series. He debuted in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series in the Kroger 250. Force India F1 is a Formula One motor racing team. The team was formed in October 2007, when a consortium led by Indian businessmen Vijay Mallya and Michiel Mol bought the Spyker F1 team for €88 million. After competing in 29 races without a point, Force India won their first Formula One World Championship points and podium place when Giancarlo Fisichella finished second in the 2009 Belgian Grand Prix. New Delhi hosted the Indian Grand Prix in 2011 at Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, 50 km from New Delhi. Karun Chandhok was the test driver for Team Lotus & Narain Karthikeyan raced for HRT during the first half of the 2011 Formula One season. Karun Chandhok participated in Friday's practice session and Karthikeyan (stepping in for Daniel Ricciardo) raced at the 2011 Indian Grand Prix; it was the first time two Indian drivers associated with the same Formula One Grand Prix directly.
Badminton.
Badminton is popular in India. Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal is currently ranked sixth in the world, and has been named the Most Promising Player of 2008 by the Badminton World Federation. This is the first-ever achievement by any Indian shuttler, after Prakash Padukone and Pullela Gopichand, who both won the All England Open in 1980 and 2001 respectively. At the 2012 London Olympic Games, Nehwal won the bronze medal in the individual women's competition.
Golf.
Golf is a growing sport in India. It is especially popular among the wealthier classes, but has not yet caught on with others due the expenses involved in playing. The most successful Indian golfer is Jeev Milkha Singh, who has won three titles during the European Tour, four during the Japan Golf Tour, and six during the Asian Tour. Although his current world ranking is 36th, his highest ranking has been 28th (in March 2009). Singh has won the Asian Tour Order of Merit twice. Other Indians who have won the Asian Tour Order of Merit are Jyoti Randhawa in 2002 (the first Indian to do so), and Arjun Atwal, who went on in 2010 to become the first India-born player to become a member of, and later win, the US-based PGA Tour.
There are numerous golf courses all over India, and a Professional Golf Tour of India. India's men's golf team won gold at the 1982 Asian Games, and silver at the 2006 Asian Games. Lakshman Singh won the individual gold at the 1982 Asian Games.<br>
Pitch and Putt.
Pitch and putt, a newer variant of golf, but a completely independent and separate competitive sport, is spreading as a popular outdoor sport worldwide. Royal and Ancient Golf Course of St. Andrews (R&A), the highest-ruling authority of golf in the world, recognised IPPA (International Pitch and Putt Association) in December 2010. According to a rough estimate, approximately 65%–70% under-construction golf properties in India are mainly Pitch and Putt courses, helping to support the growing culture of golf in India.<br>
The Indian pitch and putt union is the apex body of Pitch and Putt golf in India, and is a member of the International Pitch and Putt Association.<br>
""The spirit, regulations and essence of the game are the same as in conventional golf, but as Pitch and Putt is played on reduced courses, power and distance do not play an important part, making tactics, strategy and accuracy the core principal of the game. As power is not fundamental, women and men can compete on the same footing, making this a truly universal and fair sport.""<br>
At present, China and India appear to complement each other in the development of golf in Asia. China is focused on championship golf courses, whereas, in India, developers are targeting Pitch and Putt because it requires lesser land and is more cost effective, which makes it a better prospect for urban areas, because acquiring land in urban areas in India is not an easy task.
"Pitch and Putt is golf with difference. Often called "Chip and Putt" or "Par-3," it is shorter, faster and cheaper.
Korfball.
Korfball, a mixed-gender ball sport, with similarities to netball and basketball, is played by over 50 countries in the world. It is not as popular in India as other sports, but is still played by a significant amount of people. India came in third place twice (2002 & 2006) in the Asia-Oceania Korfball Championships.
Boxing.
Boxing is a highly profiled sport in India, though India has not yet produced a world champion in any weight class, although it is a regular medal-holder at the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games. In November 2007, India's Mary Kom won the best boxer title and secured a hat-trick of titles. During the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Vijender Kumar won a bronze medal in the middleweight division, and Akhil Kumar and Jitender Kumar qualified for the quarterfinals. Akhil Kumar, Jitender Kumar, A.L. Lakra, and Dinesh Kumar each won a bronze medal at the 2008 World Championship. Vijender Kumar is current world no. 1 in the middleweight class. India's lone women boxer, M.C. Mary Kom, won the bronze medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
Archery.
The game of archery has historical significance, as royals in the ancient days used to practice archery. Modern-day archery in India began in the early 1970s, before its introduction as an Olympic event in 1972, and it was formalised in 1973 when the Archery Association of India (AAI) came into existence. Since its inception, AAI has been promoting an organisation for the sport. India has been producing some world class players who are the medal hopefuls in international events of archery.
Kabaddi.
Kabaddi is a popular national sport in India, played mainly among people in villages. It is regarded as a team-contact sport and as a recreational form of combat training. Two teams occupy opposite halves of a small field and take turns sending a raider into the other half to win points by tagging and wrestling members of the opposing team. The raider then attempts to return to his own half while holding his breath and chanting "kabaddi, kabaddi, kabaddi" during the whole raid. India has taken part in four Asian Games in kabaddi, and won gold in all of them. The four forms of kabaddi played in India are Amar, Sanjeevni, Huttuttoo, and Gaminee. Amar is generally played in Punjab, Haryana, America, Canada, and other parts of the world, mostly by Punjabi sportsmen. Sanjeevni is the most-played form of kabaddi in India and the world. This is the form generally used in international matches and played in Asian Games. Huttuttoo, a much tougher version of kabaddi, was played by men in Maharashtra State.
India won the Kabaddi World Championship in 2007, beating Iran 29–19.
Wrestling.
Considered one of the most ancient and oldest sports in the world, wrestling in India has a glorious past. The sport of wrestling began its journey in India several centuries ago, during the Middle Ages. Wrestling is among the most prestigious and oldest events in the Olympic Games. It was included in the Olympics in 708 BC. In ancient times, wrestling in India was mainly used as a way to stay physically fit. It was also used as a military exercise without any weapons. Wrestling in India is also known as "dangal," and it is the basic form of a wrestling tournament. In India, wrestling is mostly known as "Malla-Yuddha". There are mentions of wrestling in the ancient times, found in the Sanskrit epic of Indian history, "Mahabharata". One of the premier characters in Mahabharata, Bhima, was considered to be a great wrestler. Other great wrestlers included Jarasandha, Duryodhana, and Karna. Another Indian epic, Ramayana, also mentions wrestling in India, describing Hanuman as one of the greatest wrestlers of that time. The 13th-century "Malla Purana" references a group of Gujarati Brahmin wrestlers known as Jyesthimallas.
Weightlifting and powerlifting.
Karnam Malleswari won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, making her the first Indian woman to win an Olympic medal. In 1992, she participated in the Asian championship which took place in Thailand, standing second and winning three silver medals. She also won three bronze medals in the world championship.
The headquarters of the Indian Weightlifting Federation is in New Delhi. The federation is affiliated with the Indian Olympic Association (Delhi), and is also a member of the Asian Weightlifting Federation (Tehran) and International Weightlifting Federation (IWF, Budapest). The present general secretary of the IWF is Balbir Singh.
The International Weightlifting Federation banned the Indian Weightlifting Federation from participating in all international competitions for one year when three Indian women weightlifters—S. Sunaina, Sanamacha Chanu, and Pratima Kumari—were accused of doping offences in various international competitions in a single year.
Other sports.
Volleyball.
Volleyball is a popular recreation sport played all over India, both in rural and urban areas. India is ranked fifth in Asia, and 27th in the world. In the youth and junior levels, India came in second in the 2003 World Youth Championships. The Indian senior men's team is ranked 46th in the world. A major problem for the sport is the lack of sponsors.
Floorball.
Floorball, an indoor team sport, a type of floor hockey, is gaining popularity in India. The Floorball Federation of India was started in 2001 and, since then, it has expanded rapidly. There have been four national floorball championships held, with Uttar Pradesh becoming the champions. Women's floorball has also expanded, and Mumbai is the first national floorball champion of India. India is a provisional member of the International Floorball Federation. India has participated in many international friendlies and steps are being taken to make India an ordinary member of floorball.
Rugby union.
Rugby union is a minor, but fast-growing, sport in India. Some Indian sporting clubs are beginning to embrace the game, and it is the second most popular winter sport after football (soccer) in India, which itself trails in popularity after cricket and field hockey.
Netball.
Netball, derived from early versions of basketball, is a popular sport in India, especially among Indian women. India's national team is ranked 25th in the world and has played only a few matches. The team has failed to qualify for any of the World Netball Championships. They played 18 matches in total.
In the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India, netball was included as a medal sport. However, the Indian team failed to win a medal.
Handball.
Handball is a popular sport in India, played at the local level, but hasn't yet made an impact at the domestic level. India's handball team began in 27 April 1989, although it hasn't yet made an impact on the world stage, at the international level or the World Cup. The Handball Federation of India manages handball in India.
Throwball.
Throwball, a non-contact competitive ball sport played across a net between two teams of seven players on a rectangular court, is gaining popularity in India. Indian authorities of the game were instrumental in organising an Asian level and, later, a world level association for the sport. Throwball is played in gym class, colleges, and clubs throughout Asian countries such as India, Sri Lanka, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Japan, China, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, and Bangladesh. The sport is also slowly gaining in popularity in other countries including France, Australia, Brazil, Canada, and the United Kingdom. India's junior throwball team visited Sri Lanka in 1982. Vijay Dahiya from Haryana was captain of the team. The Indian team won the test series.
Lacrosse.
Lacrosse is a relatively new sport in India, introduced in 2006. The governing body for lacrosse in India is the Indian National Lacrosse Federation. It is now being played by schools in Shillong and Meghalaya, while being mostly unknown in the rest of the country.
American football.
Introduced in 2011 by various American football figures, including Mike Ditka and Ron Jaworski, the Elite Football League of India was India's first professional American football league. Their first league play was to commence in 2012, and feature teams from eight different Indian cities, including Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi, and Jaipur. 
Polo.
India is considered the cradle of modern polo. Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire in the 15th century, firmly established its popularity. The period between the decline of the Mughal dynasty and the upsurgence of the British Imperial rule, polo almost vanished from mainland India. Fortunately, the game survived in a few remote mountainous enclaves of the subcontinent, notably Gilgit, Chitral, Ladakh, and Manipur.
In India, the popularity of polo has waned and risen many times. However, it has never lost its regal status. In the last few decades, the emergence of privately owned teams has ensured a renaissance in Indian polo. Today, polo is not just restricted to the royalty and the Indian Army.
Baseball and softball.
Baseball has recently begun to show up in India. Softball is played in school and at the university level. Two Indian pitchers were selected by the "Million Dollar Arm" competition to play in the United States. A talent hunt-style competition conducted by Major League Baseball to find baseball talent in India found the teenagers Rinku Singh and Dinesh Patel, who were taken to the US and received professional coaching. These two players were selected to play for Pittsburgh Pirates minor league organisations. Rinku Singh played for the Canberra Cavalry of the Australian Baseball League for the competition's inaugural 2010–11 season.
Cycling.
The history of cycling in India dates back to 1938, and the Cycling Federation of India governs the sport. Though cycling is unknown as a professional sport in India, it is popular as a common recreational sport and a way to keep fit.
Mountain biking.
Mountain biking is becoming a popular sport in India. For the last six years, Mtb himachal, a hardcore endurance event, has been organised regularly by Himalayan Adventure Sports & Tourism Promotion Association (HASTPA), a non-governmental organisation (NGO). A number of national and international riders participate, including Indian Army, Indian Air Force, Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP), and a number of young and energetic mountain biking individual riders from cities including Pune, Bangalore, Delhi and Chandigarh. Last year, the government of Sikkim (Department of Tourism) introduced its own mountain biking race, with Southeast Asia's biggest prize money. The second edition saw 48 professional participants from around the globe.
Road Cycling/ Touring.
The Tour of Nilgiris is a major non-competitive & non-commercial touring event in South Asia that covers 1,000 kilometres in under 10 days. The Tour of Nilgiris (TfN), India’s first Day Touring Cycle Ride, was born in the December of 2008 with the twin objectives of promoting bicycling as an activity and spreading awareness about the bio-diversity, flora and fauna of the Nilgiris.
It soon grew into something a lot more, with an eclectic riding community in 2008 wanting to take part in. The community soon got together, chalked out plans, figured out a route and realized they would need a framework to support such a large group of people, got sponsors on board to mitigate costs as well as popularize the Tour and the Cause of popularizing Cycling as a viable and sustainable means of travel. Ever since its first edition, the TfN has stayed true to the Community of Cyclists in India by being a Tour for the Community, Of the Community and By the Community. It has grown in size, stature and visibility. From 40 riders in the first edition, its grown to 100 cyclists in 2013.
The tour has grown bigger & the routes tougher, allowing cyclists to test their endurance, enjoy the biodiversity of the Nilgiris covering 3 southern states in India (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu & Kerala). For the racing aficionado's, there are racing segments on the tour with colour coded jerseys, recognition and prizes. TfN as its lovingly called is pushing cycling to new frontiers with more and more interested cyclists, applying for the tour. The tour has acquired quite a name, and currently about 25% of registrations are selected for the tour by the organisers.
Table tennis.
Table tennis is a popular indoor recreation sport in India, which has caught on in states including West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. The Table Tennis Federation of India is the official governing body of the sport. India, which is ranked 30th in the world, has produced a single player ranked in the top 50, Sharat Kamal.
Equestrian sports.
India has a wide following in various equestrian sports, including show jumping, eventing, dressage, endurance riding and tent pegging. Supported by the Equestrian Federation of India, eventing is the most popular of the five, with teams representing the country at most Asian Games, winning a bronze medal in the 2002 and 2006 games. India has been represented at the Olympics twice, by Wing Commander I.J. Lamba, and Imtiaz Anees.
Kayaking.
Indian flat water kayakers are an emerging powerhouse on the Asian circuit. Outside of professional flat water kayaking, there is very limited recreational kayaking. The potential to generate interest in flat water kayaking is held by leisure resorts located near the sea or other water bodies. Indian tourists tend to consider kayaking a one-time activity, rather than a sport to be pursued.
Enthusiasts of whitewater kayaking are concentrated in the north towards the Himalayas, with some in the south in Bangalore in Karnataka. Most of these enthusiasts are or were whitewater raft guides who took to the sport of whitewater kayaking. Some of the prominent whitewater kayakers include Abhinav Kala, Shalabh Gahlaut, and John Pollard. Many of them have notched first descents (similar to climbing ascents) on rivers in India and Nepal.
"Bangalore Kayakers" or "Southern River Runners" are India's first amateur group of white water kayakers. Based out of Bangalore, they explore rivers around Western Ghats. The lure for most of these participants is adventure. Whitewater kayaking in India allows for exploration of places where, literally, no human has been before.
"TEAM 4 ADVENTURE" is one of the groups which started formal whitewater kayak courses.
Gear availability is a problem that plagues kayakers. While the global designs for whitewater boats and paddles change annually, Indian kayakers have to pay high fees if they want to import any kind of gear, or they have to buy used gear in Nepal. More often than not, one will see Indian kayaking guides riding down the river in a Perception Amp, Piroutte or Dancer designs, while the kayakers from abroad ride the river in their new design, planing hull, centred volume kayaks from Riot, Pyranha, or Wave Sport.
Kayaking India groups on Facebook are good resources for kayakers in India.
Athletics and 20px triathlon.
Madhurjya Borah, an Indian triathlete holds silver medal at South Asian Triathlon Championship
Anu Vaidyanathan, an Indian triathlete, is the first and only Asian to compete in Ultraman.
Rock climbing.
Rock climbing has been around in India for a long time. Presumably, the mountaineers headed for Himalayan ascents had to train somewhere, and would have imparted some of the initial technical climbing culture. Documented evidence of rock climbing is associated with bouldering and climbing around Bangalore's famous Ramanagara crags and Turahalli boulders, around Western Ghats closer to Mumbai and Pune.
Dinesh KS (Dinni) of Wildcraft Equipment was climbing in Bangalore around the 1980s as part of a continuing tradition of climbing around the area.
The Deccan Plateau and south of the Vindhya Range are considered the prime locations for rock climbing in India. There is an established climbing tradition associated with Mumbai, Pune, and Bangalore. For example, Hampi is considered the bouldering capital of India. Climbers congregate here during New Year's Eve and climb through the weeks preceding and after. Badami is popular for its free and sport routes (numbering over 200).
While the nature of the sport is more non-competitive, the competitive version (such as sport climbing) has a very intense scene. Indians have notched several international positions in sport climbing and are considered an Asian powerhouse.
Some of the more popular locations for sport climbing include Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Kangla Wall of MMTA (Manipur), Shillong, Kolkata, and Indore.
Billiards and snooker.
India has been a force in world billiards competitions. Champions including Wilson Jones, Michael Ferreira, and Geet Sethi have underlined the powerhouse status of the country. The
Snooker Federation of India, the apex body, plays a proactive role in popularising the game. Many efforts have been made by the Billiards and Snooker Federation of India in the recent past to enhance the popularity of the game in the country. Several training camps for developing budding talent and providing them with regional and state sponsorship have been organised by the Billiards and Snooker Federation in various parts of the country.
Gymnastics.
Gymnastics came of age in India when, at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, Ashish Kumar won the first-ever medal in gymnastics for India and also won a bronze medal. However, soon after the win, the president of the Gymnastics Federation of India, controversially asked Kumar's chief coach from the Soviet Union, Vladimir Chertkov, "Is this all that you can deliver, a bronze?" The comment was widely reported in the press. Later, the coach revealed that, "In August 2009, we had no equipment. Ashish trained on hard floor till February 2010, and then we got equipment around 20 years old." The federation announced that no Indian team would travel to Rotterdam for the World Championships in October, which would mean that Indian gymnasts would not have the opportunity to qualify as a team for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sepak takraw.
Sepak takraw, though not very well known in India, was a demonstration sport at the Delhi Asian Games in 1982. The Sepak Takraw Federation, with its headquarters in Nagpur, Maharashtra, was founded on 10 September 1982. It is recognised by the Indian Olympic Association and Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports since 2000. So far, the federation has conducted 14 senior, seven junior, and six sub-junior national championships in different cities, and is conducting Federation Cup Tournaments and zonal National Championships.
The game is very popular in the northeastern state of Manipur, and some of the best players came from there. In the 22nd King’s Cup International Sepak Takraw Tournament held in Bangkok, the India men's team lost in the semifinals and claimed bronze in the team event. In the doubles event, the women's team lost in the semifinals, but earned bronze medals.
Winter sports.
Winter sports are common in India in the Himalayan areas. Skiing tournaments take place every winter in Gulmarg, Kashmir, and Manali. Winter sports are generally more common in the northern states of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal, Sikkim, and Arunachal Pradesh. Skiing, snow rugby, snow cycling, and snow football are some of the common winter sports played in India. Skiing is more popular, although India has taken part in luge in Winter Olympics since 1998. Shiva Keshavan is the only Indian to have won medals in international meets in winter sports (Asian Gold 2011, Asian Silver 2009, Asian Bronze 2008, Asian Silver (doubles) 2005, Asian Bronze (singles) 2005), and to have participated in four Olympic Games. He is the Asian speed record holder at 134.4 km/h, making him the fastest man in Asia on ice. Luge is practised in a big way by the mountain residents in an improvised form called "reri".
Bandy.
India has a national bandy team. The Bandy Federation of India governs bandy in India. Its headquarters are in Mandi in Himachal Pradesh. Bandy, a team winter sport played on ice, in which skaters use sticks to direct a ball into the opposing team's goal, is generally played in northern India, where there is snow and ice. India is one of seven countries in Asia and out of a total of 28 to be a member of Federation of International Bandy. BFI planned to send a team to the 2011 Asian Winter Games in Astana-Almaty, but ultimately did not.
Ice hockey.
Ice hockey is played in the colder parts of India, including Kashmir, Ladakh, and parts of Himachal Pradesh.
Car racing.
Team MRF’s Gaurav Gill the first Indian rally driver to win FIA Asia-Pacific Rally Championship in 2013.
Traditional and regional sports.
Gilli-danda.
Gilli-danda is a sport played by using one small stick ("gilli") and a large stick ("danda") like cricket, with the ball replaced by "gilli". It is still played in villages of Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, and Maharashtra in India only as a recreational sport among boys.
Kancha.
Kancha, played by using marbles,Marble are glass balls which are very popular among children it is popular in small Indian cities and villages among small boys only as a gully sport.It is rarely played by girls.The participant has to hit the marble kept in a circle .If he hits the target properly, he wins.The winner gets the kancha of other participant boys.
Kite-flying.
Kite-flying is pursued by many people in India, in cities as well as villages. The festival of Makar Sankranti features kite-flying competitions.It is festival which is a passion among Indians .
Other popular regional sports.
Other regional sports and games, including air sports, "atya patya",Sitolia bridge, carrom, cycle polo, fencing, judo, karate, Gatka, kho-kho, mallakhamb, roller skating, rowing, shooting ball, soft tennis, squash, swimming, taekwondo, ten-pin bowling, tennikoit, tug of war, yachting, and yoga, have dedicated followers and their own national sports federations.
Sports Broadcasting in India.
Local sporting events broadcasting is in a stagnant stage in India due to the mandatory sharing of sporting events of live feed and rights made by ordnance in favour of Prasar Bharathi. Thus, all sports broadcasters playout from outside the country, which only allows the capability to produce international events and fades the production, distribution, invention of the new local field of sporting events.

</doc>
<doc id="19863033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863033" title="Hébé-class frigate">
Hébé-class frigate

The "Hébé" class was a class of six 40-gun frigates of the French Navy, designed in 1781 by Jacques-Noël Sané.

</doc>
<doc id="19863039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863039" title="Tarik Sulayman">
Tarik Sulayman

Tarik Sulayman, also spelled Tarik Soliman (from Arabic طارق سليمان "Tāriq Sulaiman"), is the name attributed by Kapampangan Historians to the individual that led the forces of Macabebe against the Spanish forces of Miguel López de Legazpi during the Battle of Bankusay on June 3, 1571. The Spanish records do not identify that individual by name, so the attribution of the name "Tarik Sulayman" is based on genealogical records presented the leader's Kapampangan descendants during the 19th century. Tarik Sulayman was known as Bambalito by some historians.
The battle of Bangkusay happened because he refused to ally with the Spaniards as Rajah Lakan Dula had done, decided to mount an attack on the Spaniards, massing his forces at Bankusay Channel. López de Legazpi got word of the impending attack and launched a preemptive strike. The Macabebe forces were defeated, and Tarik Sulayman himself was killed.
The Spanish victory at Bangkusay and López de Legazpi's friendship with Rajah Lakan Dula enabled the Spaniards to establish themselves throughout the city and its neighboring towns.
Sulayman Controversy.
Some controversy exists about whether Tarik Sulayman of Macabebe, and Rajah Sulaiman III of Manila were the same person. This is presented to be the case in some versions of the Battle of Bangkusay, but Kapampangan historians insist that the two were different individuals who are often confused with one another because of their names. Some have even suggested that the two men were related.
In any case, the Spanish records do not identify the leader of the Macabebe forces by name, but they do record that he died during the Battle of Bangkusay, resulting in a Macabebe retreat and a Spanish Victory. Rajah Sulaiman of Manila, on the other hand, is clearly recorded as participating in the 1574 Manila Revolt.

</doc>
<doc id="19863046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863046" title="My Dearest Enemy">
My Dearest Enemy

My Dearest Enemy is an Israeli documentary that takes a behind-the-scenes look at Israel's secret diplomacy by sharing the highly anticipated meeting between Israeli Amnon Lipkin-Shahak and Palestinian Hani El Hassan—both powerful leaders in opposite camps.
Summary.
The film follows a heated conference between two men who have the power to instigate change. Amnon was the chief-of-staff of Israel’s military, and Hani was one of Yasser Arafat’s right-hand men. The filmmakers worked exhaustingly to organize this unofficial meeting between two powerful people who have more in common than might be expected.
“We’ve worked on this handshake for more than a year,” the filmmaker says as Amnon enters the room and greets Hani. 
This is the first time that the two leaders have met face to face, but it’s not the first time they’ve come in contact with each other. In 1968, Amnon lead an Israeli offensive that faced Palestinian guerrilla soldiers led by Hani, and in 1973 both men were in Beirut during Israel’s raid on Lebanon. Now, instead of interacting from behind guns, the two sit comfortably in an air-conditioned room, talking over finely prepared meals and red wine.
But instead of staying fixed in the conference room, the film offers a glimpse into Amnon and Hani’s personal lives to expose the roots of their political beliefs. Breaking from his discussions with Amnon, Hani goes to visit his childhood home in Haifa, which has now become the holy site of Elija’s tomb. The day trip stirs up resentment and frustration in Hani, who is forced to remember his bitter, violent departure from the home that had been the peaceful sanctuary of his youth. Walking beside the stone walls, he remembers how Israeli Haganah soldiers spoke disrespectfully to his mother and abused him before forcing the family to leave their home. “Amnon always talks of trust,” Hani says, “but how can I trust someone who stole my land and who takes a little bit more of it every day?”
See also.
Other Israeli Documentaries about the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians:

</doc>
<doc id="19863051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863051" title="Fulton Chain Railroad (Peg Leg)">
Fulton Chain Railroad (Peg Leg)

The Fulton Chain Railroad, also known as the "Peg Leg", was a Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge private railroad connecting Moose River to Minnehaha, New York in the Fulton Chain of Lakes. The line was built in 1888, and ceased running in 1892. The line was eight miles (13 km) long, and had wooden rails, hence the nickname "Peg Leg". It ran only during the summer months to carry vacationers to the Fulton Chain of Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19863074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863074" title="Roll Out the Red Carpet (Buck Owens album)">
Roll Out the Red Carpet (Buck Owens album)

Roll Out the Red Carpet for Buck Owens and his Buckaroos (or simply Roll Out the Red Carpet) is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1966. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts and Number 106 on the Pop Albums charts.
It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks, both instrumental performances.

</doc>
<doc id="19863096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863096" title="1997 Eurocard Open">
1997 Eurocard Open

The 1997 Stuttgart Masters (known as the "Eurocard Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 2nd edition of the Stuttgart Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1997 ATP Tour. It took place at the Schleyerhalle in Stuttgart, Germany, from October 20 through October 27, 1997.
The singles field was led by. Other top seeds were.

</doc>
<doc id="19863109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863109" title="August (1996 film)">
August (1996 film)

August is a 1996 film starring Anthony Hopkins as Ieuan (IPA:j/əɨ/a/n) Davies, and featuring Rhys Ifans in a small role in one of his earliest films, as Griffiths. It is an adaptation of Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya", with Ieuan taking over the title role. The film was Hopkins's first feature film with a full cast (he had previously directed the one-man-performance of "Dylan Thomas: Return Journey" in 1990); his next directorial effort would be "Slipstream" in 2007, which he also wrote and for which he also composed the score.
Adaptation and issues.
The film adapts Uncle Vanya to a turn-of-the-century Welsh setting, emphasizing the hardships of Welsh industrial life in the slate quarries and Welsh-English turmoil as an English professor upsets normal Welsh life when he arrives at the Welsh estate which acts as his vacation home (at one point Ieuan states that he feels that he has been cheated by the Prof. Blathwaite, just as "the English have always cheated the Welsh").
Language.
It is primarily in English, with a few lines in Welsh here or there - such as "diolch yn fawr iawn" ("thank you very much"), "cariad" (a term of endearment, meaning "love"), and "iechyd da" ("cheers").

</doc>
<doc id="19863139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863139" title="Gaspar Villate">
Gaspar Villate

Gaspar Villate (27 January 1851 – 9 October 1891) was a Cuban composer who produced abundant and wide-ranging work, mostly centered on opera. 
Villate was born in (Havana. After writing the score of "Angelo, tirano de Padua", he and his family emigrated to the USA in 1868 when war broke out in Cuba, returning in 1871. He now composed a second opera, "Las primeras armas de Richelieu". Sent to Paris to complete his studies, he wrote various contradanzas when he returned.
He spent much of his life in Europe, but also wrote creole works "La virgen tropical" and "Adios a Cuba". His eight waltzes, his "Soirées cubaines", and his romances were appreciated in Parisian salons. He wrote scores for "La Czarina", premiered in the Royal Theatre of Le Havre, and "Baltazar", at the Royal Theatre of Madrid. He died in Paris.
Villate was a close friend of Verdi, and no doubt was influenced by him: Villate's work became European in taste. Despite this, his creole contradanzas are held in higher esteem today.

</doc>
<doc id="19863156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863156" title="Charlie Banacos">
Charlie Banacos

Charlie Banacos (August 11, 1946 – December 8, 2009) was an American pianist, composer, author and educator, concentrating on jazz.
Banacos created over 100 courses of study for improvisation and composition. His concepts of teaching and his courses influenced educators since the late 1950s. He was the original author of courses named “Hexatonics”, “Intervallics”, “Tetratonics”, “Superimpositions”, “Harps”, “Overlaps”, “Bitonal Pendulums”, “Double Mambos”, “Twenty-third Chords”, “Tonal Paralypsis”, and “Triad Pairs,” among others. These and many of his other terms for his courses have become part of the basic lexicon in jazz education.
His students and musical associates included Alain Caron, Mike Stern, Danilo Perez, Wayne Krantz, Jeff Berlin, Garry Dial, Gerard D’Angelo, Vic Juris, Hartmut Hillmann, Daryl Rhodes, Stephen Page, Michael Brecker, Jerry Bergonzi, Marilyn Crispell, John Novello, Bruce Arnold, Leni Stern, Rachel Z, Gustavo Assis-Brasil, Jeff Golub, and Frank Singer His exercises have circulated through books, videos, clinics, lectures and courses at such institutions such as Berklee College of Music, Boston, The New School in New York, Manhattan School of Music New York, New England Conservatory of Music, Longy School of Music among others.
The ear-training methods devised by Banacos specifically for the improvising musician are imitated in college courses and ear-training routines by many educators around the world. His original concept of dealing with relative-pitch exercises, using cadences and recognition of one tone at a time to the progressing of the recognition of clusters of sounds in a key up to all twelve tones simultaneously, and also the memorization of pitches without reference to a key, was developed to enable musicians to hear equally well in tonal and atonal situations both in improvised situations and in pre-conceived settings. Central to Banacos' teaching was his view that ear-training techniques should be taught differently to each musician, because each person has individual neurological pathways pre-arranged in the brain. According to Banacos, without proper ear-training advanced music making will sound mechanical and soulless.
Banacos performed with Roy Haynes, Teddy Kotick, Charlie Mariano, Harvie S., and Jerry Bergonzi in both jazz and classical idioms. His students have performed or recorded with Duke Ellington, Miles Davis, Maynard Ferguson, Chick Corea, Wynton Marsalis, David Liebman, Wayne Shorter, Michael Brecker and Joe Henderson, among others.
As of 2009 he was on the faculty of New England Conservatory of Music in Boston and Longy School of Music, and had served on the faculty of Berklee College of Music in Boston.
He also served as a clinician for the Thelonious Monk Institute and as adjunct faculty member for the following institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="19863168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863168" title="Bom Jesus do Amparo">
Bom Jesus do Amparo

Bom Jesus do Amparo is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863187" title="Waukesha County Federated Library System">
Waukesha County Federated Library System

The Waukesha County Federated Library System (WCFLS) is a consortium of 16 public libraries in Waukesha County, Wisconsin. WCFLS is one of 17 public library systems in Wisconsin.
WCFLS serves libraries in these Waukesha County communities:
The Waukesha County Federated Library System (WCFLS) was established under Wisconsin Statute 43.15 by action of the Waukesha County Board of Supervisors in January 1981. A seven-member board governs the System. 
Services to member libraries include interlibrary exchange of materials, professional performers for children's summer library programs, delivery services, automation, continuing education, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="19863191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863191" title="Catas Altas">
Catas Altas

Catas Altas is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863215" title="Lentinellus cochleatus">
Lentinellus cochleatus

Lentinellus cochleatus, commonly known as the Aniseed Cockleshell, is a wood-inhabiting fungus. It is an edible mushroom, with a mild aniseed odor and flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="19863221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863221" title="Wah Kee">
Wah Kee

Wah Kee (华记）) is a secret society based in Malaysia and Singapore in the nineteenth century. In Malaysia, Wah Kee is the biggest enemy of Hong Men(洪门).
According to the History of Wah Kee, Wah Kee (华记) was created in Singapore by Su Guang Hua (苏广华), and his brotherhood Zhao Guang Heng (赵广恒) created Guang Kee (广记) in Guang Zhou (广州) China, Guan Fu Sheng (关福胜) created Sheng Kee (胜记) in Thailand, Zhang Xiong Jie (张雄杰) created Jie Kee (杰记) in Vietnam.
In the 1950s, they operated openly in the area around Bentong and placed a member on the local council of Jemaluang. During this time, they were commonly associated with the Malaysian Chinese Association, with politician D. R. Seenivasagam going so far as to describe this connection in Parliament.
In recent times, they are mainly in the Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Penang, Pahang, Negeri Sembilan, Sarawak, Perak and other areas. In Singapore, Wah Kee is mainly in the China Town area. The triad also have some branches in Australia, Thailand, Vietnam, China, Hong Kong, the United States, Canada and New Zealand.
The Philippine Center on Transnational Crime has stated that while the Wah Kee do not operate as a traditional triad per se, they are heavily involved in heroin trafficking in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19863223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863223" title="Dust on Mother's Bible">
Dust on Mother's Bible

"Dust on Mother's Bible" is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1966. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts.
It was re-released on CD in 2003 by Sundazed Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19863237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863237" title="Michel Gafour">
Michel Gafour

Career.
Born in Toulon, Gafour made five Ligue 1 appearances for Olympique Marseille before joining AS Cannes. Cannes released him after one season, and he trained with Cambridge United F.C. in 2004.
Gafour played for the French youth national team in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19863239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863239" title="Jersey City Fire Department">
Jersey City Fire Department

The Fire Department of Jersey City (FDJC) provides fire protection and medical assistance to Jersey City, New Jersey. In 2011, the Fire Department of Jersey City responded to 52,904 emergency calls, with 10,023 being EMS-related.
History.
In the spring of 1829, there were several fires in Jersey City (pop. 1,025) and public opinion demanded protection against fire. The Board of Selectmen listened to the demand but the city treasury did not have enough money for fire protection. There was also no way of raising the needed funds through a tax.
An ordinance was passed which prohibited public auctions unless the auctioneer was licensed. A total of $839.50 was collected from the licenses. This money was used to pay for the needed fire protection.
A committee was appointed to find out how much a fire engine would cost. The committee decided to order a new engine from Henry Ludlum of N.Y. for $800.00. It was delivered on August 28, 1829, along with 100 feet of hose purchased for $87.50. The next problem for the Selectmen was to organize and form a fire company. Any citizen could sign up and become one of the first firemen in Jersey City. Thirty citizens signed on. On September 21, 1829, Liberty Engine Company No. 1 was organized and the engine was placed in the stable of Hugh McCutcheon's "Farmers Hotel" at 42 York Street.
The first Chief Engineer (Chief) of the fire department was Samuel Bridgart. He was appointed by resolution on February 5, 1835.
In 1870, the fire departments of Jersey City, Bergen City, and Hudson City consolidated under Chief Coyle. A volunteer force at the time was not adequate for such a large area. Because of this, the decision was made to organize a paid fire department. The working force for each company was uniformed, paid, and required to remain in the engine-house. A supplemental force known as "Buffaloes" was organized for each company . They were semi-volunteer and paid a small salary. Their duty was to respond to every alarm and perform the same fire duties as the full paid force.
Jersey City’s fire department was the only New Jersey department to receive an official call for assistance during the September 11 attacks, with hundreds of department personnel assisting in the Ground Zero cleanup effort. Among the first responders who perished on that day was Fire Department of Jersey City dispatcher Joseph Lovero, who was hit by a piece of debris. The Fire Department of Jersey City named its fireboat after him.
Fire Company History.
Some fire companies of the Jersey City Fire Department date back to the mid-1800s as volunteer fire companies, while others were formed recently. Engine 2 was formed in 1838 as Arreseoh Engine Co. 2. Engine 8 was formed as Henwood Engine Co. 8 in 1867. Engine 9 was originally formed as Hudson Engine Co. 1, then was organized as Jersey City Engine Co. 9 in 1870. Engine 13 was originally organized as a city of Bergen Lafayette Engine Co. 2 prior to being organized as a Jersey City Engine in 1870. Engine 15 was also organized originally as a city of Bergen company, Columbia Engine Co. 3. Engine 4 was originally organized as a Van Vorst fire company known as Harsimus Engine Co. 1, prior to being organized as Jersey City Washington Engine Co. 4 in 1870. After being disbanded for many years, Engine 4 was reorganized as Squad 4 in 1995. Engine 17 was organized in 1906. Engine 18 was formed in 1918. Engine 22 was organized in 1923. Ladder 2 was formed as Americus Hook & Ladder Co. 2 in 1854. Ladder 3 was formed as Hibernia Hook & Ladder Co. 3 in 1868. Ladder 6 was formed as Bergen Hook & Ladder Co. 1, then organized at Jersey City Hook & Ladder Co. 6 in 1870. Ladder 7 was originally formed as the city of Bergen Hudson Hook & Ladder Co. 2 prior to being organized as Jersey City Hook & Ladder Co. 7 in 1870. Ladder's 9 and 11 were organized in 1937. Ladder 11 was temporarily disbanded in 1944 but reorganized again in 1947. Rescue 1 was organized on May 1, 1964 and temporarily disbanded in 1975. Rescue 1 was reorganized in 1991. The Decontamination(Decon.) and Rehabilitation(Rehab.) Units were formed in 1988.
Operations.
The FDJC operates out of 15 Fire Stations, strategically located throughout Jersey City in three Battalions, under the command of three Battalion Chiefs and a Deputy Chief per shift. There is also a Battalion Chief who serves as the Incident Safety Officer(ISO) per shift. Due to budget cuts as many as 6 companies are "browned out" daily. Additionally, Engine 18 is only staffed when manpower levels permit. Both Fireboats are un-staffed with manpower available on a land based unit, the Marine Coastal Response Unit(M.C.R.U.) based at the quarters of Engine 5 and Ladder 6. This unit is cross-staffed by the other units in the house.
In October 2013, Mayor Fulop mandated that the JCFD eliminated one Battalion, distributing it's Battalion Chiefs to the Safety Battalion, and moving the companies in the closed Battalion into the remaining three Battalions, in an effort to reduce operating costs to the department's budget. Instead of replacing Fire Officers that have retired, the City of Jersey City has been paying large amounts of overtime instead of making the necessary promotions to save large sums of taxpayer monies. Also Mayor Fulop has mandated that the city staff it's firetrucks with acting captains when manpower allows thus violating it's contract with the Fire Officers Union. This could have been avoided by promoting personnel into positions that have been vacated by retirements. With over 22,000 call so far this year (as of Oct 2013), the Jersey City Fire Department will have it's busiest year ever.
Battalion 1 has been deactivated during October 2013. The battalion chief has been reassigned as the safety officer and is located on the eastern side of the city in and around the Downtown/Bergen-Lafayette/Communipaw area. During large incidents Jersey City will activate Deputy 2 and recall Callback Battalion's 5 and 6.
Fire Station Locations and Apparatus.
Below is a listing of all fire station and fire companies locations in the city of Jersey City according to Battalion.
Battalion 2.
Battalion 2 is located on the southern side of the city, particularly Greenville and the West Side. Battalion 2 commands a total of 5 Engines, 2 Ladders, 1 Tower Ladder, and several special units operating out of 4 Fire Stations.
Battalion 3.
Battalion 3 is located on the northern sections of the city, particularly Jersey City Heights, McGinley Square, and Journal Square. Battalion 3 commands a total of 5-6 Engines, 3 Ladders, and several special units operating out of 3 Fire Stations.
Battalion 4.
Battalion 4 commands a total of 5 Engines, 3 Ladders, 1 Squad, 1 Rescue, and several special units operating out of 6 Fire Stations, including Fire Headquarters.
Apparatus Specifications.
Below is a complete list of all FDJC apparatus, their manufacturer and specifications, and date.
Closed/Disbanded Fire Stations/Companies.
The following is a list of FDJC fire companies that have been closed/disbanded over the years:
Communications.
The FDJC Fire Dispatch Center is currently located at 75 Bishop Street. The Dispatch Center was previously located at 715 Summit Ave. The Dispatch Center had to be relocated after Jersey City unknowingly allowed OEM to staff offices in the location of Engine 7 at 715 Summit and the Federal Government mandated that Fire Dispatch move out.
Other Responses.
A assist to EMS is known as a First Responder Assignment, intended to give initial care until the arrival of EMS. A First Responder Assignment consists of one engine, or one truck, and/or rescue.

</doc>
<doc id="19863258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863258" title="Fluctuation">
Fluctuation

Fluctuation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19863259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863259" title="The House of Blue Leaves (film)">
The House of Blue Leaves (film)

The House of Blue Leaves is a 1987 teleplay adapted from the John Guare play of the same title.
Summary.
Set in Sunnyside, Queens, in 1965, the day of Pope Paul VI's visit to New York City, the black comedy features nuns, a political bombing, a GI headed for Vietnam, a zookeeper who dreams of making it big in Hollywood as a songwriter, and his wife Bananas, a schizophrenic destined for the institution that provides the play's title.

</doc>
<doc id="19863267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863267" title="Värsta schlagern">
Värsta schlagern

Värsta schlagern (—Bad translation: "Värsta" used as slang translates to Am. English slang "Baddest", hence rather ""The Baddest Hit"") is a song by Linda Bengtzing and Markoolio. It was written by Patrik Henzels, Karl Eurenor, Gustav Eurenor and Niclas Arn. It was released as a single in Sweden on 31 January 2007 reaching #1 on the Swedish Charts.
The song is a parody about songs that participate in the Swedish heat of the Eurovision Song Contest, Melodifestivalen, earlier often referred to as schlager. The lyrics are pointing fun at lyrics that are generally associated with Melodifestivalen songs, for example references to the "winds and stars", and the song is also three minutes long. This is the general length of all Melodifestivalen songs. The song also includes the name of the band ABBA, explaining that most Melodifestivalen songs are copies of Abba.
The song was put forward to participated in Melodifestivalen 2006, with Shirley Clamp singing it, however it was refused.
The song entered Svensktoppen on 11 February 2007, reaching #3. On 4 March 2007 it entered #1. Placed at #8 on 3 June 2007, the 17 week long Svensktoppenvisit finished.
Music video.
The music video is a general parody of the Melodifestivalen competition. A group of celebrities, mimicked by impressionists, sit in a room watching the television. The celebrities are ones who are either referenced in the song, or the song is aimed at. For example, singers who are related to Melodifestivalen, such as Carola and BWO.

</doc>
<doc id="19863277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863277" title="Andover College (Hampshire)">
Andover College (Hampshire)

Andover College is a Further Education community college in Andover, Hampshire, England. It provides a range of academic and vocational courses to school leavers, adults, employers and the wider local community. Previously known as Cricklade College, the College changed its name following a merger with Sparsholt College Hampshire, forming one of the largest colleges in Hampshire. Andover College is a campus of Sparsholt College Hampshire. 

</doc>
<doc id="19863278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863278" title="William Allmond Codrington Goode">
William Allmond Codrington Goode

Sir William Allmond Codrington Goode (June 8, 1907 - September 15, 1986) was a British colonial officer and served as governor to various colonies in the 20th Century.
Goode was born in Twickenham, Middlesex and attended Oakham School and Worcester College, Oxford. He joined the Malayan Civil Service in 1931, studying law in his spare time. He was admitted to the Bar by Gray's Inn in 1936. From 1936 to 1939 he served as District Officer, Raub and was appointed Assistant Commissioner for Civil Defence, Singapore in 1940, serving in the Singapore Volunteer Corps as a Lance Corporal during the Second World War. After the colony's capitulation in 1942, he was taken prisoner by the Japanese and sent to work in Siam on the Burma Railway from 1943 to 1945. He remained in Malaya after the war, and in 1948 became Deputy Economic Secretary to the Federation. In 1949 he was posted to Aden as Chief Secretary, where he also acted as Governor, 1950-1951. He returned to Singapore as Chief Secretary in 1953 and became the colony's last British Governor in 1957. In 1959 he became Yang di-Pertuan Negara of the State of Singapore and UK High Commissioner. From 1960 to 1963 he was Governor and Commander-in-Chief, North Borneo. He was made GCMG on his retirement to Berkshire, England in 1963. 
In 1938 he married Mary Harding. She died in 1947 and three years later he married Ena McLaren.

</doc>
<doc id="19863287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863287" title="Niemen Aerolit">
Niemen Aerolit

Niemen Aerolit - Czesław Niemen's album recorded in 1975 with his new band "Aerolit".

</doc>
<doc id="19863290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863290" title="Negrete">
Negrete

Negrete is a Chilean town and commune in Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region. It is bordered by the commune of Los Ángeles to the north, Renaico to the south, Mulchén to the east and Nacimiento to the west.
The town of Negrete is located on the south shore of the Bío Bío river, a few kilometers downstream of the confluence of the Bío Bío and Bureo rivers.
History.
The town has its origins in the fort "San Francisco de Borja" founded near the hill Mesamávida in 1603 by Governor Alonso de Ribera. This was 10 km to the northeast of the present location of the town, near the confluence of the Bio Bio River and the Duqueco River, on the north shore of this last river. In 1613 Ribera moved to the fort to atop Mesamávida, renamed Cerro Negrete. In 1621, Pedro Osores de Ulloa rebuilt the fort and a small village began at the base of the hill. In 1757, Governor Manuel de Amat y Juniet, granted the town the title of "Villa de Negrete". In 1777, a new fort "San Agustín de Mesamávida" was built on the Cerro Negrete by Ambrosio O' Higgins by order of Governor Agustín de Jáuregui.
In March 1793 the plains nearby were the location of the Parliament of Negrete where peace was agreed between the Spanish Empire and the Mapuche. It was again destroyed by the Mapuche in 1859. It was not rebuilt until 1861 when a new strong fort was built near the present location of the town.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Negrete spans an area of and has 8,579 inhabitants (4,414 men and 4,165 women). Of these, 5,283 (61.6%) lived in urban areas and 3,296 (38.4%) in rural areas. The population grew by 2.8% (232 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Negrete is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2013-2016 alcalde is Javier Melo Márquez (Independent).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Negrete is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Joel Rosales Guzmán (UDI) and José Pérez Arriagada (PRSD) as part of the 47th electoral district, (together with Los Ángeles, Tucapel, Antuco, Quilleco, Santa Bárbara, Quilaco, Mulchén, Nacimiento, San Rosendo, Laja and Alto Bío Bío). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz-Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Bío Bío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19863293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863293" title="Dionísio">
Dionísio

Dionísio is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863304" title="Ninez Cacho-Olivares">
Ninez Cacho-Olivares

Ninez Cacho-Olivares is a veteran journalist, having been one for over 20 years, as a feature writer and political columnists in various Manila broadsheets such as the Bulletin Today, Philippine Daily Inquirer, Business Day and Business World. She was Publisher and Editor-in-Chief for the Philippine Post prior to becoming The Daily Tribune's Publisher and Editor-in-chief.
She is known to be a staunch defender of former Philippine President Joseph Ejército Estrada.

</doc>
<doc id="19863308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863308" title="Sugar &amp; Spice (Mýa album)">
Sugar &amp; Spice (Mýa album)

Sugar & Spice is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It is her first studio album to be released (overseas) by Manhattan Recordings—an R&B Japanese independent label in Japan on December 3, 2008; following her departure from Universal Motown in early 2008.
"Sugar & Spice" was Harrison's first of many independently—released projects through her own label imprint Planet 9. The album (project) came to surface when her album; 2007's "Liberation" was leaked in Japan after her former label Universal Motown forgot to pull it back from release in that territory without Harrison's knowledge. Instead of spending a year and "hundreds of thousands of dollars" in court suing her record label, Motown/Universal, she opted out of her contract. From there, Japan asked her to record more albums exclusively for the Japanese market because Japan loved "Liberation".
Recorded between the months of September 2008 and November 2008, production was primary handled by a variety of low—profile producers; enlisting the help of Arkatech Beatz, Riddim Fingaz, The Smith Bros, and Duke Williams among others. Harrison, took full creative control co-writing the entire album with producer Christopher Moore and served as executive producer. Guest features included rappers Tre, Faith Boogie, and dancehall musician Sean Paul. In her own words, Mýa described the album as "a compilation with all positive energy and song content."
The album spawned one single; its first and final single the riddim—inspired "Paradise," was released October 31, 2008. "Sugar & Spice" debuted at number fifty-three on Japan's Oricon Albums Chart.
Background.
Prior to Mýa recording and releasing her first independent album (project) overseas. Harrison released three successful studio albums in the United States; 1998’s "Mýa", 2000’s "Fear of Flying" and 2003’s "Moodring". Back in 1998, Mýa released her debut, self-titled album, which peaked at No. 13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart."Fear of Flying" (2000) fared even better at No. 7, with the single "Case of the Ex" reaching No. 2 on the Hot 100 chart. In 2001, she took home a grammy for "Lady Marmalade," her massive No. 1 single with P!nk, Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, and Missy Elliott. A role in the hit film "Chicago" and other acting opportunities followed. After she released "Moodring" in 2003, with the exception of a popular stint on "Dancing with the Stars" in 2009 (she finished second), it seemed as if Mýa had left the entertainment industry.
In 2004, after the "Moodring" album, she ended up in a year long litigation with management. In late 2005, Harrison made a transition within the Universal system from Interscope to Universal Motown. In 2007 her fourth studio album "Liberation" was accidentally released in Japan when the release date changed. At the time when she was with Motown/Universal; her lawyer advised that she don't waste time & money taking the issue to court, so Harrison decided to go independent instead. Japan loved the "Liberation" album so much, that a company by the named Manhattan Recordings located there approached her about doing business with them. Harrison released her first independent project titled "Sugar & Spice": a year later after her split with Motown in Japan in 2008.
Planet 9.
In 2008, Harrison created her own label imprint Planet 9. Since parting ways with Universal Motown, Harrison has released four independently self-funded, self-executive produced projects; 2008’s "Sugar & Spice", 2009’s "Sugar & Spice: The Perfect Edition", 2010’s "Beauty & the Streets Vol. 1" and 2011’s "K.I.S.S. " In 2009, Harrison spoke with "Rolling Out" magazine;elaborating more on her hiatus from music and decision to go independent:
“I’ve never stopped doing music. I’ve created a label called Planet 9 and I released an album in Japan. I invested in my own studio and it cut the recording cost down 95 percent. I have my own in-house producers and they are not as expensive as an established producer. The return is greater and now I own my masters. I see six dollars per album sold versus 10 cents. You may not sell as many units because you don’t put as much money in promotions, but the returns are better.”
Later in the interview, Harrison voiced her opinion on the major difference between major record labels and independent labels, saying with “Major labels have a system that you have to go through. The people in power dictate how things should sound and where the money is spent. But when you become your own boss, you check every line item and you have to be cautious.”
Conception & Production.
Production on "Sugar & Spice" was handled by a variety of less-known producers. Harrison started producing the album in September 8'. The album's lead single "Paradise" was produced by Riddim Fingaz, a native of Jamaica who has produced and worked with a lot of reggae stars such as Ky-Mani Marley, Sean Paul and Wayne Wonder. "Almost Naked" was produced by Young Yonny, a young producer who lives in Cleveland, Ohio. Yonny previously worked a lot producing for rappers Lil' Wayne and Trina, but also produces R&B music. Harrison and Yonny worked together two years ago on other various project prior to Harrison's fifth studio album "Sugar & Spice". Singer-songwriter Stevie Hoang, a producer in the UK was asked to contribute two songs to the album ("Sold On Your Love", "One For You").
Harrison said she chose to cover Diana King's "Shy Guy" because it was a favorite childhood song. Another track, "Music Be The Music" incorporates 80's dance music. In interview when asked why she chose to put a song like this on the album, Harrison replied, "because I like to dance and I like to party." Cry No More, a ballad is about a man having to endure suffering while he's away from his significant other. Among Mýa's favorites songs on the album; the mid-tempo track "Ego Trippin'" a song about women who rarely apologize in certain situations and the up-tempo dance number "Back to Disco". Through this album, Harrison said, "listeners should get a feel for various feelings; further more saying I just want to empathize with others with my experiences. We all are different, each day will have a lot experiences." "In the words of Tteiu, "Sugar & Spice" means to have a wonderful life. This album is a little sugar, a little spice, it's two side of Mýa."
Release & Promotion.
On the day "Sugar & Spice" was released in Japan. Harrison visited HMV Store at Takagi Bldg. in Shibuya, Tokyo for a live performance and an autograph signing. Two days after that, she made a stop at Fever in Ageha Shibuya, Tokyo to hold an album release party for her fifth studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="19863309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863309" title="2001 Paris Masters">
2001 Paris Masters

The 2001 Paris Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 27th edition of the Paris Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris in France from October 29 through November 5, 2001.
The singles draw was headlined by ATP No. 1, Buenos Aires, Acapulco, Monte Carlo, French Open, Stuttgart, Cincinnati champion, Rome and Indianapolis finalist Gustavo Kuerten, Sydney, Queen's, 's-Hertogenbosch, US Open, Tokyo champion Lleyton Hewitt and Dubai, Estoril, Barcelona and Rome champion Juan Carlos Ferrero. Other top seeds were Marseille, Moscow, Tashkent, St. Petersburg winner and defending champion Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Marat Safin, Sébastien Grosjean, Tommy Haas and Tim Henman.

</doc>
<doc id="19863320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863320" title="Six-ton tank">
Six-ton tank

Six-ton tank may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19863330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863330" title="Azapride">
Azapride

Azapride is the azide derivative of the dopamine antagonist clebopride. It is an irreversible dopamine antagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="19863333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863333" title="Black McCains">
Black McCains

The family known in the media as the "black McCains" are the living descendants of Isom McCain (1831–Btw 1888 and 1890) and Leddie McCain, African-American slaves owned in Teoc, Mississippi by William Alexander McCain, a cotton plantation owner who was the great-great-grandfather of Senator John McCain. The black McCains trace their surname to this slave ownership and neither claim nor disclaim blood relationship with Senator McCain, as no DNA tests have been conducted. Among the black McCains, siblings Lillie McCain (born 1952), of Detroit, and Charles McCain, Jr. (born 1948) and Mary Lou McCain Fluker, of Carrollton, Mississippi, are the living contemporaries of Senator McCain.
Lillie McCain had in the past e-mailed Senator McCain to inform him about the black McCains after she heard him say on "Meet the Press" that his ancestors owned no slaves. John McCain had not known about the slaveholding past until it was discovered by reporters during his 2000 presidential campaign. The McCain plantation in Teoc, which was formally named Waverly, consisted of and existed from 1848 until 1952. The plantation had slaves before the American Civil War and sharecroppers afterward; influential blues guitarist Mississippi John Hurt was born on the plantation to one of the latter.
According to "The Wall Street Journal" Atlanta Bureau Chief Douglas Blackmon, who researched the black McCains in 2008, the black McCains "resisted the Ku Klux Klan, led the civil rights movement and voter registration efforts in the 1960s", and "integrated public schools" in Mississippi. Lillie McCain's father Charles "Jack" McCain, a World War II veteran, purchased of land in Teoc and split it with his cousin, participating in the civil rights movement in the South, working with Stokely Carmichael when he came to Greenwood, Mississippi.
Senator John McCain has never met any of the black McCains. Lillie McCain said that Senator John McCain has been invited to their biannual family reunion functions in Teoc (the most recent having been held on July 24, 2008), but according to the McCain campaign, schedule conflicts have prevented Senator McCain from attending. Lillie McCain has met the brother of the Senator, Joseph "Joe" McCain, who has attended the Teoc reunions, and described him as "very cordial, warm, extrovert... really an energized personality".
A statement by the McCain 2008 presidential campaign on the subject of the black McCains said, "How the Teoc descendents have served their community, and by extension, their country, is a testament to the power of family, love, compassion, and the human spirit."

</doc>
<doc id="19863334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863334" title="2002 Asian Super Cup">
2002 Asian Super Cup

The 2002 Asian Super Cup was the 8th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 2002 competition was contested by Suwon Samsung Bluewings of South Korea, who won the Asian Club Championship 2001-02, and Al Hilal of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the Asian Cup Winners Cup 2002.
Route to the Super Cup.
Suwon Samsung Bluewings.
1Suwon Samsung Bluewings goals always recorded first.<br>
2 Saunders did not show up for the 2nd leg.
Al Hilal.
1Al Hilal goals always recorded first.

</doc>
<doc id="19863359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863359" title="Ferros">
Ferros

Ferros is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.
Roberto Drummond was born in Ferros.

</doc>
<doc id="19863365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863365" title="Canadian Feed the Children">
Canadian Feed the Children

Canadian Feed The Children is a Canadian charity, based in Toronto, Ontario. It is a secular non-governmental organization (NGO), working in international development, and partners with community-based groups working to alleviate poverty in Aboriginal communities in Canada and developing countries including Bolivia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti and Uganda. It is a registered Canadian charity with a mission to reduce the impact of poverty on children, their families and their communities. 
The organization has programs that focus primarily on food security, including nutrition, education and capacity-building in Haiti, Ethiopia, Ghana, Uganda, and Bolivia. Its work in Canada is focused on nutrition in Aboriginal communities. 
History.
The agency was founded in 1986 as Canadian Feed The Children in the province of British Columbia, Canada. In the early 1990s, the head office moved to Toronto, Ontario, and application was made under the Canada Corporations Act, Part II, to form a corporation without share capital and also to obtain a charitable registration number. Consumer and Corporate Affairs Canada issued a Letters Patent dated July 10, 1992, in the name of Canadian Feed The Children.
Finance and accountability.
Fiscal responsibility and accountability is important to Canadian Feed The Children. The organization has been recognized for its best practice in financial accountability, governance and transparency by Queen's University Centre for Governance and the Certified Professional Accountants of Ontario, being named a finalist in the Voluntary Sector Reporting Awards in 2011, 2012 and 2013 and winning the award in its category in 2012 and 2013.
The organization also become one of a very small, select group of non-profits in Canada to be certified by Imagine Canada under its Standards Program in May, 2013.
For details on Canadian Feed The Children's revenues and expenses, please see its annual report and audited financial statements.

</doc>
<doc id="19863373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863373" title="Chloroethylclonidine">
Chloroethylclonidine

Chloroethylclonidine is an irreversible agonist for adrenergic receptors, in particular alpha1B, D, C and alpha2A/D-subtypes.

</doc>
<doc id="19863381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863381" title="João Monlevade">
João Monlevade

João Monlevade is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863385" title="Valley First Crown of Curling">
Valley First Crown of Curling

The Valley First Crown of Curling (formerly the Kamloops Crown of Curling, Strauss Crown of Curling, Labatt's Crown of Curling, Labatt Crown of Curling, Thompson Crown of Curling, Thompson Hotel Crown of Curling, and Barton Insurance Crown of Curling) is an annual bonspiel, or curling tournament, held in October at the Kamloops Curling Club in Kamloops. The purse for the event is CAD$34,000 each for the men's and women's events.

</doc>
<doc id="19863386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863386" title="Spawn/WildC.A.T.S.">
Spawn/WildC.A.T.S.

Spawn/WildC.A.T.S. is an American comic book about a crossover of Spawn and the WildC.A.T.s.
Synopsis.
Future versions of the present day WILDC.A.T.S. cause trouble when an assassination plan is implemented against the current Spawn. It is revealed that the future Spawn has become a tyrannical murderer. Spawn rebelled and killed Malebolgia and became the monarch of Hell referring to himself as the Ipsissimus. Both teams of WildC.A.T.S. and the present-Spawn team up to try to save the future from this mad demi-god. 
The Ipsissimus' has sent the demons of Hell on Earth including the Phlebiac Brothers as the "law enforcement". The WildC.A.T.S. of the present slowly learn that Voodoo and Warblade are dead, Maul is the slave of the Ipsissimus, Void is one of the Ipsissimus' many sexslaves (all of whom were former superheroines), and the immortal Lord Emp is tortured continuously like Prometheus. 
The WildC.A.T.S. assault on the Ipsissimus is surprisingly met with little difficulty. When confronting the Ipsissimus the heroes are quickly brushed off by the gigantic demon. Spawn angrily steals the amulet that the Ipsissimus wears, presuming that it is the source of the Ipsissimus power, but the Ipsissimus then sends Spawn and the future Zealot back to the 90s. The Ipsissimus reveals that he knew the WildC.A.T.S. were coming as he had lived through the events as Spawn and was inspired when he took the amulet (from himself) to become the Ipsissimus, revealing a predestination paradox. However, the old Zealot now known as Tapestry helps to end the cycle by revealing the face of the new Zealot to the corrupted Spawn who realizes that Zealot is an adult Cyan, the daughter whom Al Simmons could have had. Shocked by this he gives the amulet to Cyan, undoing the apocalypitc future.

</doc>
<doc id="19863389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863389" title="Bennett Lake (Roseville)">
Bennett Lake (Roseville)

Bennett Lake is a lake located in Roseville, Minnesota, a suburb of the Twin Cities.

</doc>
<doc id="19863393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863393" title="Artie Schiller">
Artie Schiller

Artie Schiller (foaled April 23, 2001 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Haras du Mezeray of Ticheville, Orne in Lower Normandy, France, he was out of the mare Hidden Light, a daughter of multiple Grade I winner, Majestic Light. His sire was El Prado, the 1991 Irish Champion Two-Year-Old and who became the Leading sire in North America in 2002.
A turf specialist, Artie Schiller was purchased and raced by William Entenmann of Timber Bay Farm and his daughter Denise Walsh, and was named after Entenmann's childhood friend. He was conditioned for racing by Jimmy Jerkens. At age two the colt won two of his five starts then at age three won five of eight outings including the Jamaica Handicap in which he set a new Belmont Park course record for nine furlongs. At Lone Star Park in Grand Prairie, Texas, he was sent off as the betting favorite for the 2004 Breeders' Cup Mile but finished twelfth in the fourteen-horse field.
Racing at age four, Artie Schiller had his best earnings year and most important career win. After winning the 2005 Maker's Mark Mile Stakes and the Bernard Baruch Handicap, he was sent to Belmont Park where under jockey Garrett Gomez he won the Breeders' Cup Mile, defeating runnerup Leroidesanimaux by nearly two lengths. At age five, he made three starts without a win but earned a second in the 2006 Maker's Mark Mile Stakes and a third in the Dixie Stakes.
Artie Schiller was retired from racing in August 2006 and entered stud for the 2007 season at Hurricane Hall in Lexington, Kentucky. Afterward, he was moved to Paul's Mills in Versailles, KY. He currently stands at WinStar Farm in Versaille, KY, for a fee of $10,000 S&N.

</doc>
<doc id="19863408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863408" title="Nova Era">
Nova Era

Nova Era is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863413" title="Eagle Bridge, New York">
Eagle Bridge, New York

Eagle Bridge is a hamlet in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. It was served by the Rutland and Washington Railroad.
Eagle Bridge is also the name used by the United States Postal Service to identify ZIP code 12057. This ZIP code is in the vicinity of Eagle Bridge hamlet; It includes part of the town of Hoosick in Rensselaer County and most of the town of White Creek in neighboring Washington County.
The most famous resident of Eagle Bridge was American painter Grandma Moses.

</doc>
<doc id="19863414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863414" title="My Lucille">
My Lucille

"My Lucille" is a 1985 song to the title of the 1985 Universal John Landis motion picture called "Into the Night", starring Jeff Goldblum and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was written by Ira Newborn and recorded by B.B. King. The title of the song is reference to the legendary B.B. King's guitar. Song was used in movie while Ed Okin (Jeff Goldblum) is walking through the night club. 
Music video.
Music video for the song was made by John Landis and it's the part of television documentary film "B.B. King "Into the Night"". In this video appeared stars from the "Into the Night" movie: Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dan Aykroyd and also Steve Martin, Eddie Murphy and Michelle Pfeiffer's sister. Four minutes video, released in 1985 contains also scene from the movie "Into the Night" at the beginning. In this scene Michelle Pfeiffer is sitting on the stairs, wearing red jacket. She said: "Police can't help me. I am with the bad guys" and the video is starting.

</doc>
<doc id="19863416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863416" title="French frigate Caroline (1806)">
French frigate Caroline (1806)

The Caroline was a 40-gun "Hortense" Class frigate of the French Navy.
On 12 November 1808, the French authorities sent four new 40 gun frigates to the Indian Ocean. One of them was "Caroline", under the command of Captain Jean-Baptise-Henri Feretier, which sailed from the port of Vlissingen in Holland.
" Caroline" initially patrolled with "Manche" and "Iéna" under "capitaine de vaisseau" Billard. "Manche" was under the command of Captain Breton and was another of the four; she had sailed from Cherbourg.
"Caroline" captured several ships, notably the two 20-gun East Indiamen "Streatham" and "Europa" on 3 May 1809, before returning to Saint-Paul. A third East Indiaman, "Lord Kieth", escaped. Prize crews took "Streatham" and "Europa" to Réunion, where the British recaptured them on 21 September.
On 21 September, HMS "Sirius" and HMS "Raisonnable" captured her during the British Raid on Saint-Paul. She was taken into British service as HMS "Bourbonaise", there already being an HMS "Caroline".
The Admiralty attempted to auction "Bourbonaise" at Plymouth on 18 Sep 1816 at £2500, but bidding stopped at £2000. She was broken up in 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="19863425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863425" title="Chlornaltrexamine">
Chlornaltrexamine

Chlornaltrexamine is an irreversible mixed agonist–antagonist for μ-opioid receptors, which forms a covalent bond to the active site. It is twenty-two times more potent than morphine. Its alkylating group is a bis(chloroalkyl)amino-residue similar to that of the nitrogen mustards.

</doc>
<doc id="19863428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863428" title="Lebrón">
Lebrón

Lebrón, Lebron or LeBron is usually a surname of Spanish origin. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19863430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863430" title="Rio Piracicaba">
Rio Piracicaba

Rio Piracicaba is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863436" title="Santa Maria de Itabira">
Santa Maria de Itabira

Santa Maria de Itabira is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863451" title="Isle of Man Prison">
Isle of Man Prison

"Jurby Prison redirects here.<br>For the former Isle of Man Prison in Douglas, see Victoria Road Prison."
Isle of Man Prison is a mixed-use prison located in the Jurby parish of the Isle of Man. The prison is operated by the Isle of Man Prison Service (part of the Department of Home Affairs) and is the only functioning prison on the island. 
History.
From 1891 the prison population of the Isle of Man was held at the Victoria Road Prison in Douglas. Although expanded many times over the course of its history, overcrowding at the prison was a recurring problem from the 1990s onwards, and the prison was regularly criticised for its limited and outdated facilities. In 2005 Tynwald approved the construction of a new prison on the site of the former RAF Jurby to replace the old prison in Douglas.
Construction of the prison was largely carried out by local contractors from the island, though all of the cellular accommodation was constructed using pre-formed cast concrete panels, which were shipped to the island from a specialist manufacturer by sea and transported by road to Jurby. In order that the prison might fit harmoniously into its environment, the prison grounds were landscaped, with ongoing maintenance by supervised, trusted prisoners.
Construction of the new prison was due to be completed in December 2007, but because of poor weather, Christmas holidays and testing of equipment and security systems that deadline was not reached. The Isle of Man Prison Service subsequently took control of the new prison site in late January 2008, with the prison becoming fully operational on August 14. As of January 2008, construction of the £41.7m facility was the Isle of Man Government's largest capital project.
In October 2011, an inspection report from the Chief Inspector of Prisons called for significant improvements to be made at Isle of Man Prison. The report revealed high reoffending rates, illegal drug use and a lack of activity for inmates as causes for concern. However the report praised the prison buildings and the very good staff-prisoner relationships at the gaol.
The prison today.
All inmates at Isle of Man Prison are located in single cells equipped with a toilet and washing facilities. There are separate units for remand and convicted prisoners as well as units for female prisoners, young offenders and vulnerable prisoners, as well as a segregation unit. The prison offers health, welfare and administration facilities, a visitors’ centre and parking areas. 
A variety of educational and vocational training is available to inmates at the prison, including painting and decorating, joinery, and plumbing skills, with additional courses in basic literacy and numeracy, information technology, arts and crafts, music, PSHE and general academic subjects provided by tutors from the Isle of Man College. Inmates who study catering and industrial cleaning may work towards National Vocational Qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="19863456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863456" title="N-Ethoxycarbonyl-2-ethoxy-1,2-dihydroquinoline">
N-Ethoxycarbonyl-2-ethoxy-1,2-dihydroquinoline

"N"-Ethoxycarbonyl-2-ethoxy-1,2-dihydroquinoline (EEDQ) is an irreversible dopamine-receptor antagonist.
EEDQ is also a highly specific reagent for carboxyl groups. It enables the coupling of acylamino acids with amino acid esters in high yield and without racemization.

</doc>
<doc id="19863457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863457" title="São Domingos do Prata">
São Domingos do Prata

São Domingos do Prata is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863475" title="São Gonçalo do Rio Abaixo">
São Gonçalo do Rio Abaixo

São Gonçalo do Rio Abaixo is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863478" title="Mitter">
Mitter

Mitter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19863480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863480" title="São José do Goiabal">
São José do Goiabal

São José do Goiabal is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863485" title="Jockin' Jay-Z (Dopeboy Fresh)">
Jockin' Jay-Z (Dopeboy Fresh)

"Jockin' Jay-Z" is a song by American rapper Jay-Z, produced by Kanye West. Originally intended for inclusion on his eleventh studio album "The Blueprint 3", the song didn't make the final track listing and remained a digital-only single until it was included as a b-side on various releases of the "Empire State of Mind" single. It samples "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C. and first leaked on the internet in July 2008 - but with low quality sound. mastered version was released in August 2008.
Background.
Jay-Z debuted the song at a Kanye West show at Madison Square Garden in August 2008. West told the audience that he wanted to play a beat he'd been working on, and once it started, Jay-Z came out and rapped over it. Once the abridged version of song concluded, Jay-Z and West simultaneously struck b-boy stances. The track contains a vocal sample of "Dumb Girl" by Run-DMC. West came up with the idea of revamping Run's line, "I seen you jockin' J.C."
Oasis lyric war.
The song's earliest form as previewed at Kanye West's Madison Square Garden show in August 2008 included the line ""That bloke from Oasis said I couldn’t play guitar, somebody should have told him '’m a fucking rock star"" followed by the opening line to the Oasis song "Wonderwall". This was a response to a comment made by Oasis guitarist and songwriter Noel Gallagher in April 2008 when he suggested that a hip-hop headline act was wrong for the Glastonbury Festival. This set off a media-fueled storm of controversy. At Glastonbury Jay-Z performed an ironic version of Oasis's "Wonderwall". Jay-Z's reactions were reportedly described by an Oasis band member as like that of an eight-year-old girl. When Oasis later split due to a personality clash between Noel and Liam Gallagher, Jay-Z scored a point back by suggesting he would like to work with Liam.
Remix.
The song was later remixed by blink-182 drummer Travis Barker, who frequently remixes hip-hop songs by adding his drumming into the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19863488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863488" title="Chloroethylnorapomorphine">
Chloroethylnorapomorphine

Chloroethylnorapomorphine is a chemical once thought to be an irreversible dopamine D2 receptor antagonist; however, it was later proved to be reversible.

</doc>
<doc id="19863491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863491" title="Taquaraçu de Minas">
Taquaraçu de Minas

Taquaraçu de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="19863494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863494" title="Successful ISH Eventers">
Successful ISH Eventers

Irish Sport Horses (ISH) that have won medals or been placed at the highest levels of eventing. Including the Olympic Games, Eventing World Championship (WEG), European Eventing Championships, Eventing World Cup and the Pan-American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19863523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863523" title="The Castle of Indolence">
The Castle of Indolence

The Castle of Indolence is a poem written by James Thomson, a Scottish poet of the 18th century, in 1748.
According to the Nuttall Encyclopedia, the Castle of Indolence is ""a place in which the dwellers live amid luxurious delights, to the enervation of soul and body."" The poem is written in Spenserian stanzas at a time when they were considered outdated and initiated an interest in this stanza form which would later have a strong influence upon the English Romantic poets Lord Byron, William Wordsworth, and John Keats.
Washington Irving quotes the first four lines of Canto I, VI (lines 46-49 in external link excerpt below) from the poem in his tale, "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow". In fact, the quotation from 'The Castle of Indolence' opens the story and sets the scene.
46 A pleasing land of drowsy-hed it was,
47 Of dreams that wave before the half-shut eye;
48 And of gay castles in the clouds that pass,
49 Forever flushing round a summer-sky

</doc>
<doc id="19863557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863557" title="2003 Hamburg Masters">
2003 Hamburg Masters

The 2003 Hamburg Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 96th edition of the Hamburg Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. It took place at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg in Germany from May 12 through May 18, 2003.
The singles field was headlined by new ATP No. 1, Scottsdale, Indian Wells winner and Masters Cup defending champion Lleyton Hewitt, Buenos Aires, Barcelona champion, Miami runner-up and Monte Carlo semifinalist Carlos Moyá and Marseille, Dubai, Munich winner and recent Rome finalist Roger Federer. Other top seeds competing were Memphis and Houston finalist Andy Roddick, 2002 French Open champion Albert Costa, Jiří Novák, Paradorn Srichaphan and David Nalbandian.
For the first time in a Tennis Masters Series tournament all four semifinalists were from the same country. The Argentine semifinalists were Guillermo Coria, Agustín Calleri, Gastón Gaudio and David Nalbandian.

</doc>
<doc id="19863563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863563" title="Occupational privilege tax">
Occupational privilege tax

Various state and local taxing authorities in the US require an employer or the employee to withhold and remit a tax on the wages paid to an employee. Some states require both the employer and employee to remit a portion of the total occupational privilege tax (OPT), while others only require one or the other to do so. As such, it is a type of payroll tax. The genesis of this tax is the state’s claim in recovering accrued benefits provided to the taxpayer in enabling them to become employed and allowing for the state or municipality to further provide for taxpayers in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19863564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863564" title="Laburnum alpinum">
Laburnum alpinum

Laburnum alpinum, Scotch Laburnum, is a leguminous deciduous tree. It is native to Central and Southern Europe and has naturalized in Scotland.
Description.
"Laburnum alpinum" grows to by , at a fast rate. It is hardy to zone 5. 
It is in flower from May to June, and the seeds ripen from September to October. The panicles of vanilla scented, pea-like flowers are hermaphrodite (having both male and female organs) and are pollinated by insects. 
The leaves are cholagogue and purgative. All parts of this plant are highly poisonous and should not be eaten or used internally.
Cultivation.
"Laburnum alpinum" is cultivated as an ornamental tree. Plants can be successfully transplanted even when quite large. The most common ornamental Laburnum plant is a hybrid of this species and "Laburnum anagyroides", Laburnum × watereri. 
The plant prefers well-drained, light (sandy), medium (loamy) soil but tolerates heavy clay and nutritionally poor soils. Preferring acid, neutral and basic (alkaline) soils, it can grow in semi-shade (light woodland) or full sun. 
It can withstand strong winds but not maritime exposure and tolerates atmospheric pollution. The plant is notably susceptible to honey fungus.
Laburnum has a symbiotic relationship with certain soil bacteria, these bacteria form nodules on the roots and fix atmospheric nitrogen. Some of this nitrogen is utilized by the growing plant but some can also be used by other plants growing nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19863569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863569" title="Danny Schmidt">
Danny Schmidt

Danny Schmidt is an American singer-songwriter based in Austin, Texas where he was born and raised and now lives with fellow musician and singer-songwriter Carrie Elkin.
Biography.
Schmidt was born 1970 in Austin, Texas, and grew up there. He started playing guitar at the age of 12. At age 20, he discovered he liked the blues after tracking the music of Jimi Hendrix back through Muddy Waters, Mississippi John Hurt, and Lightning Hopkins all the way to old country gospel and spirituals. He bought an acoustic guitar and eventually discovered the likes of Dylan, Neil Young, Tom Waits and John Prine who taught him about poetry and the melody of words.
After three years of college he joined the East Wind Community in the Ozark Mountains of southern Missouri for a year. He then became part of the Twin Oaks Community in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia for about four years, where he met fellow singer-songwriter Devon Sproule. At 25 Schmidt began writing songs—a developing talent which ultimately earned him the 2007 Kerrville Folk Festival New Folk award.
In 1999, he settled for a while in Charlottesville, Virginia where his songwriting flourished and he started sharing his songs with the public. That year he released his first recording, an album titled "Live at the Prism Coffeehouse". In 2001 he released "Enjoying the Fall". 2003 brought his third collection of songs, 'Make Right the Time'. In 2005 Danny released 'Parables & Primes' a critically acclaimed album taking on mystical overtones and a sort of magical-realism reminiscent of Gabriel Garcia Marquez, or Aesop. 2007 saw the release of 'Little Grey Sheep' and 2009 the release of 'Instead the Forest Rose to Sing' - his first release on Red House Records. In 2011 Schmidt released 'Man of Many Moons', also on Red House Records.
He was part of the original "King of My Living Room" group of Charlottesville songwriters—which included such artists as Brady Earnhart, Danny Schmidt, Stratton Salidis, Jan Smith, Lance Brenner, Browning Porter and Jeff Romano—who would go on to do a series of concerts together, the first CD of which was recorded in 2001. He's appeared in each of the four performances since, including the latest November 2007 at the Gravity Lounge in Charlottesville.
The debut "King of My Living Room" performance in Charlottesville convinced fellow singer-songwriter, and future good friend Paul Curreri to make his home there. Schmidt, Curreri, and Sproule became housemates, with Paul and Devon marrying soon after. Curreri later wrote and recorded a letter in song form to Danny, who responded with the yet-to-be-produced song "Two Guitars," which he began performing live in 2009. Danny recorded his fifth album "Little Grey Sheep" (2008) in the Curreri/Sproule home, with Paul serving as production engineer.
In 2005 saw Schmidt’s music spread far and wide, with tours up and down the east coast and west coast, as well as tours of Alaska, the United Kingdom, Italy, The Netherlands, France and Italy.
His song "This Too Shall Pass" was featured in the weather section of episode 8 of the popular podcast Welcome to Night Vale.
Religion.
Born into a Jewish family, he does not feel his religion is either distinct or critical to understanding his art. As he puts it, when discussing his song "Sad Songs Walking":
Musical style.
Danny Schmidt's writing spans from deeply rooted Appalachian mountain gospel to haunted English balladry, from syncopated Piedmont country blues to vagabond protest folk-stumpery. He is considered a troubadour in the tradition of Townes Van Zandt, Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen, and Dave Carter. He delivers his songs with a quiet power, informed by a complex understanding of humanity. In the Spring 2008 issue of Sing Out! magazine, journalist Matt Watroba noted that Schmidt's arrangements are powerful, his performances are laid-back yet energetic, while his lyrics are sheer poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19863615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863615" title="Warmiak, Masovian Voivodeship">
Warmiak, Masovian Voivodeship

Warmiak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Ostrołęka and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19863623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863623" title="Dharma Dorai">
Dharma Dorai

 
Dharma Durai is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Rajinikanth, Gouthami, Charan Raj, Nizhalgal Ravi and Senthil. The film is a remake of the 1989 Kannada film Deva with Vishnuvardhan in the lead role. The film was dubbed into Telugu as Khaidi Annayya. 
It was a block-buster movie and completed a 175 day run at the box office.
Plot.
The story begins with a young couple, Balu and Ishwarya, being chased by some goons. Ishwarya is the daughter of Rajadorai (Charan Raj) and had eloped and run away with Balu against the wishes of Rajadorai. Rajadorai sends his goons to track down the couple. When the goons finally track down the couple in a forest and start beating up Balu, a man (Rajinikanth) comes to the couple's rescue. When Rajadorai and his brother Ramadorai (Nizhalgal Ravi) find out about this man, they rush over to the man's hideout in the forest, only to escape in fear when they see him. The couple is scared and puzzled as to how such a man could induce so much fear in the brothers. The man's wife Parvathi (Gouthami) then tells the couple the story of the man, whose name is Dharmadorai.
Dharmadorai was a farmer in a village named Valliyur. He was the elder brother of Rajadorai and Ramadorai. He had showered so much love and affection on his younger brothers and even borrowed money for their "education", much against his father's (Madhu) wishes, who was convinced of the scheming and evil nature of his younger sons. He even got Rajadorai married to Vaibhavi (Vaishnavi), a girl whom Rajadorai had raped, to save him from a jail term. The brothers however, showed no sort of affection to Dharmadorai and used his innocence for their sinister desires. They convinced Dharmadorai to borrow 6 lakhs so that they could start a "business". Using this money, Rajadorai and Ramadorai moved to Madras (now Chennai) and went into smuggling. They later double-crossed their smuggler boss Jose by lodging a police complaint against his son Ajay (Ajay Rathnam) for their own benefit and soon became rich due to their illegal activities.
One day, Dharmadorai went to Madras when he heard that Ramadorai was going to get engaged to a rich girl and leave for America. The brothers did not receive him warmly and humiliated him that evening at a farewell party organised for Ramadorai. Later that night, Ajay, who had been released from jail, entered their house to kill Ramadorai in retaliation for having double-crossed Jose. Ramadorai eventually killed Ajay and convinced Dharmadorai to take the blame for the murder. Dharmadorai was sentenced to 7 years imprisonment as a result. The brothers then got Jose and his henchmen also arrested. While Dharmadorai was in jail, Parvathi gave birth to a baby boy.
A few years later, Rajadorai and Ramadorai decided to sell off their father's house and property to repay the 6 lakhs. When their father opposed this, the brothers killed him and drove Parvathi and her son out of the house. With nowhere else to go, Parvathi and her son moved to Madras. The small boy was also killed by Ramadorai when the boy recognised him as the murderer of his grandfather. With no home, her husband imprisoned and her son dead, a grieving Parvathi took up the job of a housemaid in Madras.
Soon, Dharmadorai completed his jail sentence. When he found out about Parvathi's plight and how his brothers had betrayed him, he rushed over to the brothers' house and mercilessly beat them. Following this, he disowned them and moved to the forest with Parvathi.
In the present day, Jose and his henchmen get released from jail and kidnap Rajadorai and Ramadorai in retaliation for putting them in jail. On Parvathi's advice, a reluctant Dharmadorai goes to rescue the brothers. He rescues the brothers and finally forgives them.
Soundtrack.
Song Lyrics were written by: Panchu Arunachalam and Gangai Amaran 

</doc>
<doc id="19863624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863624" title="Ian Cantwell">
Ian Cantwell

Ian Cantwell (born 24 July 1966 in Harefield) is a former British auto racing driver who drove in the British Touring Car Championship.
Racing career.
He first started in motocross for 12 years and was a champion at 16, along with a couple of years karting. In 1991 he drove in the BRDC Production Saloon Car Championship, finishing 2nd in the GT class. For 1992 he raced in the British Group N Saloon Car Championship. He spent one year in the BTCC in 1993 driving a former works Mazda 323F for Asquith Autosport. His best race finish was a 9th place in the 2nd round at Donington Park. In 1996 he competed in the inaugural year of the Elf Renault Sport Spider UK Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19863651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863651" title="Pula Communal Palace">
Pula Communal Palace

The local government of the City of Pula is seated in the Communal Palace, located on the Forum square, in the center of the City.
History.
The Communal Palace is situated at the northern end of the main square of the old part of the City of Pula, called the Forum Square. The spot occupied by the Palace has been used for the public buildings since ancient Rome, when the place was used as a part of the triade of Roman temples, of which today only Temple of Augustus remains.
The eastern of this temples, called the Temple of Diana, was used as a rudimentary city hall from the 9th century.
As the city prospered, there was a need to construct a dedicated place which would serve as a city hall, so the construction of the new city hall, at the site of the Temple of Diana, was begun in the end of 13th century, and the new city hall was finished in 1296.
The building was constructed in Gothic style with the material of the old Roman temples and other building on the site, using walls of this buildings when possible. Even today, the whole northern part of the Themple of Daina is clearly visible at the back side of the Communal Palace.
Since the construction, the Communal Palace has seen numerous reconstructions. At the end of 15th century the building was reconstructed in Renaissance style and during 17th century, the building was again reconstructed, now in baroque style.
The present state of building is due to several reconstructions made during 19th and 20th century, the last of which was finished in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19863669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863669" title="Emily Wilson">
Emily Wilson

Emily Rose C. Wilson (born 1971) is a British classicist who is Associate Professor of Classics at the University of Pennsylvania. She is the daughter of A. N. Wilson and Katherine Duncan-Jones and the sister of the food writer Bee Wilson.
A graduate of Balliol College, Oxford in 1992 (BA in Literae Humaniores, Classical Literature and Philosophy), she undertook her MPhil in English Renaissance Literature (1994) at Corpus Christi College, Oxford and her Doctorate (2001) in Classical and Comparative Literature at Yale University. 
In 2006, she won a Rome Prize.
Emily Wilson is a book reviewer for "The Times Literary Supplement", and the "London Review of Books".

</doc>
<doc id="19863670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863670" title="Sweet Afton (cigarette)">
Sweet Afton (cigarette)

Sweet Afton was an Irish brand of short, unfiltered cigarettes made with Virginia tobacco and produced by P.J. Carroll & Co., Dundalk, Ireland, now a subsidiary of British American Tobacco.
Brand History.
The Sweet Afton brand was launched by Carroll's in 1919 to celebrate the link between Dundalk and the national poet of Scotland, Robert Burns. Burns' eldest sister, Agnes, lived in Dundalk from 1817 until her death in 1834 and was buried in the cemetery of St. Nicholas's Church in the town. Carroll's thought that the brand would only be successful in Scotland if the carton simply had an image of Burns, or Scottish name on the packet, so the people of Dundalk were canvassed and the name Sweet Afton was chosen. The name is taken from Burns' poem "Sweet Afton", which itself takes its title from the poem's first stanza:
Flow gently, sweet Afton, amang thy green braes
Flow gently, I’ll sing thee a song in thy praise
My Mary’s asleep by they murmuring stream
Flow gently, sweet Afton, disturb not her dream.
A larger version of the cigarette was also marketed under the brand name "Afton Major". This name served as inspiration for Carroll's later "Major" brand of tipped cigarettes.
As of Autumn 2011, British American Tobacco no longer manufacture Sweet Afton cigarettes.
Popular culture.
The brand proved particularly popular with post World War II Rive Gauche Paris. It was reputed to be Jean-Paul Sartre's preferred cigarette, and also featured prominently in Louis Malle's film Le Feu Follet, as well as a number of other Nouvelle Vague films. Margot Tenenbaum (played by Gwyneth Paltrow) from Wes Anderson's 2001 film The Royal Tenenbaums also smokes Sweet Aftons.

</doc>
<doc id="19863676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863676" title="Thomas Glave">
Thomas Glave

Thomas Glave is an American author of Jamaican descent who has published widely and won numerous awards. He is also a university professor.
Biography.
Born to Jamaican parents in the Bronx, Glave grew up there and in Kingston, Jamaica. Glave is a graduate of Bowdoin College and Brown University. He is a professor of English at the State University of New York at Binghamton, where he teaches creative writing and courses on Caribbean, African-American, black British, postcolonial, and queer literatures, among other topics.
Awards.
A two-time New York Foundation for the Arts Fellow, Glave's early short story, "The Final Inning," originally published in The Kenyon Review, won an O. Henry Award in 1997 while Glave was still a graduate student at Brown University. With this award, Glave became the second and only gay African American writer, after James Baldwin, to have won an O. Henry Award. "The Final Inning" appears in Glave's first fiction collection, "Whose Song? and Other Stories", published by City Lights in 2000. Glave's essay collection "Words to Our Now: Imagination and Dissent" won the Lambda Literary Award in 2005. Glave earned a second Lambda Literary Award in 2009 for his groundbreaking anthology, "Our Caribbean: A Gathering of Lesbian and Gay Writing from the Antilles" (Duke University Press, 2008).
In addition to these honors, Glave has also earned a Fine Arts Center in Provincetown Fellowship (1995–96) and a Fulbright Fellowship to Jamaica (1998–99). While in Jamaica that year, he worked on issues of social justice, and helped found the Jamaica Forum for Lesbians, All-Sexuals, and Gays (J-FLAG). In 2008 he was invited to MIT to teach as Martin Luther King Jr. Visiting Professor in the Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies. He is presently a Visiting Fellow at Clare Hall, University of Cambridge.
Publications.
Thomas Glave is the author of "Whose Song? and Other Stories" (City Lights, 2000), "The Torturer's Wife" (City Lights, 2008), the essay collection "Words to Our Now: Imagination and Dissent" (University of Minnesota Press, 2005), and is editor of the anthology "Our Caribbean: A Gathering of Lesbian and Gay Writing from the Antilles" (Duke University Press, 2008).
"Whose Song?" garnered considerable praise upon its publication, drawing admiration from writers like Nadine Gordimer, Gloria Naylor, Clarence Major, and stellar reviews in publications like The New York Times Book Review, The Washington Post, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Hartford Courant, the Toronto Globe and Mail, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19863678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863678" title="List of bridges in Liberia">
List of bridges in Liberia

An incomplete list of bridges in Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="19863680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863680" title="Simon Pasteur">
Simon Pasteur

Club career.
Prior to joining Liberia, Pasteur played for Union Douala and Impôts FC in the Cameroon Premiere Division. He scored his first professional goal for Union Douala in a league match against Tonnerre Yaoundé on June 30, 2005. Pasteur participated in the CAF Confederation Cup 2005 with Union Douala, as they lost in the third round to Enugu Rangers.
Pasteur became the first player from Cameroon to appear in the Costa Rican Primera División after Liberia Mia manager Alain Gay-Hardy signed him in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19863699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863699" title="Albert Dupuis">
Albert Dupuis

Albert Dupuis (1 March 1877 – 19 September 1967) was a Belgian composer.
Biography.
Albert Dupuis was born in Verviers on 1 March 1877.
The son of a music teacher, Dupuis studied the finesses of theviolin, the piano and theflute from the age of 8, at the conservatory in his hometown, Verviers, wherer also Guillaume Lekeu, composer of classical music, and Henri Vieuxtemps, composer and violinist.had taken residence Orphaned at age 15, he worked as a tutor at the Grand Theater of Verviers while pursuing his studies, including from Francis Duyzings for harmony. As he was a brilliant and precocious student, he composed his first comic opera already at the age of 18.
Noticed by the French composer and teacher Vincent d'Indy in 1897, Dupuis was invited to work with him at the Schola Cantorum in Paris.He was for aA time the coach of the choir of Saint-Eustache, but in 1900 he returned to Verviers to marry. In 1903 he won the Prix de Rome Belgium (not to be confused with the French Prix de Rome) with his cantata "La Chanson d'Halewyn" and on 5 March his opera "Jean-Michel" premiered at La Monnaie, the Royal Theatre of the Mint in Brussels..
Appointed conductor of the Theater of Ghent in 1905, he withdrew when the season was completed, to devote himself to composition. But when in 1907 the council of Verviers offered him the post of director at the conservatory, he accepted and held it until his retirement in 1947.
During his lifetime, his works met with some success in Brussels and in the major cities in Belgium (particularly in Flanders) and France. In particular his opera "La Passion", played more than 150 times at La Monnaie and he directed it several times. He also enjoyed the esteem of his peers, as Eugene Ysaÿe, dedicated of several of his works and who made his works known in the United States.
Legacy.
Two of Dupuis' daughters, Gislène (cello) and Irene (violin), were eminent concert musicians. A street is named after him in the village of Stembert.
Characteristics of his works.
He became a follower of the School of César Franck through his instructor d' Indy. Nevertheless, his style approaches much de style of Gabriel Fauré and his music can be styled as impressionistic. He was essentially an opera composer (having composed fifteen), all his works are imbued with a lyrical feeling.
Selected works.
Viola

</doc>
<doc id="19863706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863706" title="Damsgård Tunnel">
Damsgård Tunnel

The Damsgård Tunnel () is a road tunnel in the city of Bergen, Norway. It consists of two long tubes, each of which carries two lanes of traffic through Damsgårdsfjellet from Lyngbø to Gyldenpris and the city centre. The tube that carries eastbound traffic was opened in 1992, while the other tube opened the following year. The Damsgård Tunnel is part of Norwegian National Road 555 from Hjellestad in Bergen, via Sund to Bergen's city centre. The average daily traffic through the Damsgård Tunnel was 35,127 vehicles in 2007, up from 29,336 in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19863721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863721" title="I'll Leave This World Loving You">
I'll Leave This World Loving You

"I'll Leave This World Loving You" is a country music song written by Wayne Kemp and Mack Vickery. Kemp released it in 1980 on the Mercury Records label. He had previously recorded the song in 1974 for MCA Records, and used this version as the B-side to his 1974 single "Harlan County".
The song was later covered by Ricky Van Shelton in 1988. It was released in August 1988 as the lead-off single from his album "Loving Proof". It became the fourth consecutive Number One single of Shelton's career, as well as his first multi-week Number One.

</doc>
<doc id="19863728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863728" title="1937–38 Serie C">
1937–38 Serie C

The Serie C 1937–1938 was the third tournament of this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19863730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863730" title="Harriet Leve">
Harriet Leve

Harriet Newman Leve is a three-time Tony Award–winning Broadway producer.
Career.
Leve is currently a producer of the long-running New York and touring productions of "Stomp", and the critically acclaimed large format motion picture "".
Leve is also co-producing the world premiere musical "Beautiful: The Carole King Musical", which ran at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco from September 24, 2013 to October 20, 2013 before it began previews on Broadway on November 21, 2013. It opened at the Stephen Sondheim Theatre on January 12, 2014 and is currently playing an open-ended run.
Upcoming producing credits with the "Raise the Roof" partnerships include the broadway premiere of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and "Of Mice and Men". "Hedwig" will start previews at the Belasco Theatre on March 29, 2014 and opens on April 22, 2014. "Of Mice and Men", based on the classic novel by John Steinbeck, starts previews at the Longacre Theatre on March 19, 2014 and opens April 16, 2014 for a limited engagement. 
Leve also produced the new one-woman show celebrating the life and accomplishments of former Texas governor Ann Richards. The play, entitled "Ann," is written and performed by Emmy Award-winning actress Holland Taylor. "Ann" opened on Broadway at Lincoln Center on March 7, 2013 and closed on June 30, 2013.
With "Raise the Roof", Leve co-produced "Nice Work If You Can Get It", a new musical featuring some of George and Ira Gershwin's most beloved songs. The show, which opened on Broadway in April 2012 and closed in June 2013, starred Matthew Broderick and Kelli O'Hara, whose role was later played by Jessie Mueller. Previously with Raise the Roof, Leve has co-produced several Broadway shows including "The Mountaintop" starring Samuel L. Jackson as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., "Superior Donuts" by Tracy Letts, Stephen Sondheim’s "A Little Night Music" starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and Angela Lansbury, the "La Cage Aux Folles" Tony Award winning production starring Kelsey Grammer and its subsequent national tour, and "Burn the Floor" (Broadway and national tour).
Leve is also co-producing the "War Horse" National Tour that kicked off at the Ahmanson Theater in Los Angeles in June 2012. 
Additional productions include: The Broadway and Toronto productions of "War Horse"; Theresa Rebeck's "Dead Accounts" starring Katie Holmes and Norbert Leo Butz; the Broadway production of "One Man, Two Guvnors"; Alfred Hitchcock's "The 39 Steps"; the Broadway production of "Coram Boy"; Martin McDonagh's "The Lieutenant of Inishmore"; the Broadway and national tour productions of Eve Ensler's "The Good Body"; August Wilson's "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom" starring Whoopi Goldberg and Charles Dutton; Arthur Miller's "The Crucible" starring Liam Neeson and Laura Linney; "Hedda Gabler" starring Kate Burton; "The Diary of Anne Frank" starring Natalie Portman and Linda Lavin; "", written and performed by Anna Deavere Smith; and the Olivier Award winning production of "Kat and the Kings".
Off-Broadway productions include: "Beebo Brinker Chronicles"; Sherry Glaser's "Family Secrets"; "Shockheaded Peter"; Eve Ensler's "Necessary Targets"; Alan Ayckbourn’s "Communicating Doors" starring Mary-Louise Parker; and Alan Zweibel’s "BUNNY BUNNY Gilda Radner: A Sort of Romantic Comedy".
In Las Vegas, Leve co-produced "STOMP OUT LOUD" at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.
Her Los Angeles productions include Larry Kramer’s "The Normal Heart" starring Richard Dreyfuss, Kathy Bates, and Bruce Davison; Wendy Wasserstein’s "Isn’t it Romantic"; Sam Shepard’s "Curse of the Starving Class"; the original production of Sherry Glaser’s "Family Secrets"; Dinah Manoff’s "Telegram from Heaven" starring Renee Taylor; Mark Rothman’s "Excess Baggage" starring Larry Miller; and Claire Chafee’s "Why We Have a Body".
Leve was Director of Development for Tony Bill Film Productions and taught film workshops at the American Film Institute in Los Angeles. She is a member of the Broadway League. Leve was on the Board of Directors of New York Stage and Film for four years.
Theater.
Broadway.
Hedwig and the Angry Inch Musical 
Of Mice and Men Play 
Beautiful: The Carole King Musical Musical
Ann Play 
Nice Work If You Can Get It Musical 
Dead Accounts Play 
One Man, Two Guvnors Play 
The Mountaintop Play 
War Horse Play 
La Cage Aux Folles Musical 
A Little Night Music Musical 
Superior Donuts Play 
Burn the Floor 
The Norman Conquests Play, Comedy 
The 39 Steps Play, Comedy 
Coram Boy Play, Drama, Play with music 
The Lieutenant of Inishmore Play, Comedy, Satire 
The Good Body Play, Solo 
Ma Rainey's Black Bottom Play, Drama 
The Crucible Play, Drama 
Hedda Gabler Play, Drama 
Kat and the Kings Musical, Comedy 
The Diary of Anne Frank Play, Drama 
Twilight: Los Angeles, 1992 Play, Solo 
Off-Broadway.
The 39 Steps Play, Comedy 
The Beebo Brinker Chronicles Play, Drama
Family Secrets Play, Solo
Shockheaded Peter Musical, Comedy
Necessary Targets Play, Drama
Communicating Doors Play, Drama
Bunny Bunny Play, Comedy 
STOMP Instrumental 
Edith Stein Play 
National Tours.
War Horse Play 
La Cage Aux Folles Musical 
Burn the Floor 
The 39 Steps Play, Comedy 
Los Angeles.
Why We Have a Body Play
Telegrams from Heaven Play
Family Secrets Play, Solo
Excess Baggage Play
The Curse of the Starving Class Play
The Normal Heart Play, Drama
Isn't It Romantic Play
Films.
PULSE: a STOMP Odyssey
Books.
The Commercial Theater Institute: Guide to Producing Plays and Musicals Copyright 2006 
Awards.
Nice Work if You Can Get It.
2012 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical
2012 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Book of a Musical
2012 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical
2012 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical
One Man, Two Guvnors.
2012 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Play
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play
2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Music in a Play
2012 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding New Broadway Play
2012 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Director of a Play
2012 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play
War Horse.
2011 Tony Award for Best Play
2011 Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play
2011 Tony Award for Best Scenic Design of a Play
2011 Tony Award for Best Lighting Design of a Play
2011 Tony Award for Best Sound Design of a Play
2011 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding New Broadway Play
2011 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Director of a Play
2011 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Lighting Design
2011 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play
La Cage Aux Folles.
2010 Tony Award Best Revival of a Musical 
2010 Tony Award Best Leading Actor in a Musical 
2010 Tony Award Best Direction of a Musical
A Little Night Music.
2010 Tony Award Best Leading Actress in a Musical
The Norman Conquests.
2009 Tony Award Best Revival of a Play 
2009 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play
2009 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Play
2009 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Ensemble Performance
2009 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play
2009 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Director of a Play
2009 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Ensemble Performance
2009 Special Theatre World Award to the Entire Cast of "The Norman Conquests
The 39 Steps.
2008 Tony Award Best Sound Design
2008 Tony Award Best Lighting Design
2008 Drama Desk Award Unique Theatrical Experience
2008 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design
Coram Boy.
2006 Theatre World Award
The Lieutenant of Inishmore.
2006 Theatre World Award
Ma Rainey's Black Bottom.
2003 Theatre World Award
The Crucible.
2002 Drama League Distinguished Production of a Revival 
Twilight: Los Angeles, 1992.
1994 Drama Desk Outstanding Solo Performance
1994 Theatre World Award
Stomp.
1994 Drama Desk Award Unique Theater Experience

</doc>
<doc id="19863748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863748" title="Nevada State Route 166">
Nevada State Route 166

State Route 166 was a road that ran along the west shore of Lake Mead.
Route description.
SR 166 starts at U.S. Route 93 near Boulder City inside the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. The road goes north along Lake Mead's shore. It quickly encounters a toll booth where motorists pay to enter the Recreation Area. Several roads branch off SR 166 and lead to marinas. Near the end of its route, the road turns west before meeting SR 564 and SR 147 at its northern terminus.
History.
Signage for the route was removed by 2000, and according to a park ranger, the route is a park service road, and the signs were only put up to "make it easier for tourists."

</doc>
<doc id="19863750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863750" title="MyHDL">
MyHDL

MyHDL is a Python based hardware description language (HDL).
Features of MyHDL include:
MyHDL is developed by Jan Decaluwe.
Conversion Examples.
Here, you can see some examples of conversions from MyHDL designs to VHDL and/or Verilog.
A small combinatorial design
The example is a small combinatorial design, more specifically the binary to Gray code converter:
You can create an instance and convert to Verilog and VHDL as follows:
The generated Verilog code looks as follows:
The generated VHDL code looks as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19863753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863753" title="John A. Newton">
John A. Newton

Rev Dr John A Newton CBE is a prominent Methodist minister, author, historian and former President of the Methodist Conference. Dr Newton is the current president of the Wesley Historical Society. Dr Newton was educated at Boston Grammar School in Lincolnshire.
Dr Newton is a noted authority on the Wesley family. His book ""Susanna, Susanna Wesley and the Puritan Tradition in Methodism"" (ISBN 0716205629), is recognised as the authoritative biography of Susanna Wesley.

</doc>
<doc id="19863759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863759" title="F. Weber &amp; Company, Inc.">
F. Weber &amp; Company, Inc.

F. Weber Company, Inc. is an American manufacturer and supplier of artists' materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19863769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863769" title="Mark Hopley">
Mark Hopley

Mark Hopley (born 1 May 1984 in Crewe, England) is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a flanker and started his playing career at Whitchurch Rugby Club in Shropshire. Like his fellow Northampton team mate Ben Foden, he was educated at Bishop Heber High School in Malpas, Cheshire. 
He is 6 ft 3in tall and weighs 16 stone.
He made his debut for Northampton Saints in 2005 against Newcastle Falcons but really started to shine in the 2007/8 season where he dominated the number 8 shirt. He made 21 appearances and scored 3 tries.

</doc>
<doc id="19863788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863788" title="Treasure Coast High School">
Treasure Coast High School

Treasure Coast High School, abbreviated TCHS, is a high school located in Port St. Lucie, Florida. The school's name is taken from the Treasure Coast, the name of the region, where the school is located, for the area due to the presence of shipwrecks off its coast.
Campus and history.
TCHS is made up of four buildings and a central courtyard. The campus is very open and large to accommodate its students. The campus has trees and other plants, to give it a peaceful, learning atmosphere. Only three of the four buildings are two story. The only building that does not have a second story is building three, which is home to many elective classes, the auditorium, and the gymnasium. 
The classes aren't limited to one building, and are spread all over the campus. The school was designed so it would be possible to get to any class, from anywhere on campus, within five minutes.
Academics.
TCHS offers many classes, separated into Small Learning Communities, which are also known as academies. The SLCs are a part of a Global Community which includes the 9th Grade S.T.A.R.S. (Students Transitioning & Aspiring to Reach Success) academy, the 10th Grade Explorer Academy, and the various Career Academies.
Below is a list of the Career Academies, as well as classes that may be taken at the school:
Global Community.
Public Service and Safety
Visionary House
Culinary Arts
Medical/Health Science
Innovation House
The School's Yearbook is called "The Odyssey", named after the epic by Homer.
Athletics.
TCHS maintains many sports, around 15 sports in total, ranging from Football to Cheerleading. Below is a list that the school maintains.
Fall Sports
Winter Sports
Spring Sports
Cheerleading
Technology.
Teachers and students are provided a high tech learning environment. Each classroom is equipped with a teacher laptop, data projectors, document camera and an audio enhancement microphone system. Each "quad", named after how the central lobby and classrooms are shaped, is provided with a wireless mobile laptop unit for instant access to online resources. Teachers also have access to wireless Interwrite Boards and Turning Point remote response pads which encourage student interaction and allow for immediate feedback.
The school also has a manufacturing lab, complete with machinery, to accommodate the Pre-Engineering Students, as well as a large kitchen, to accommodate the Culinary Arts students. The school also has many computer labs scattered through the campus, a complete and working security system, WiFi Connectivity, and a Cell Phone monitoring device.
Recognitions.
In the 2008-2009 school year, the Florida Department of Education rated Treasure Coast High School a "C" school, for the second year in a row.
In the 2009-2010 school year, the Florida Department of Education rated Treasure Coast High School a "B" school. It is the first true public high school in the St. Lucie County School District to be rated "B" with the exception of Lincoln Park Academy, a magnet school.

</doc>
<doc id="19863789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863789" title="Alan Shapiro">
Alan Shapiro

Alan Shapiro (born 1952) is an American poet and professor of English and Creative Writing at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. He is the author of nine poetry books, including "Tantalus in Love", "Song and Dance", and "The Dead Alive and Busy". 
In addition to poetry, Alan Shapiro has also published two personal memoirs, "Vigil" and "The Last Happy Occasion".

</doc>
<doc id="19863850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863850" title="David Dunlop (bishop)">
David Dunlop (bishop)

The Very Rev. David Colin Dunlop (1897–1968) was an eminent Anglican clergyman during the middle third of the 20th century.
Educated at Radley and New College, Oxford, he was ordained after wartime service with The Buffs in 1922. His first post was as a Curate at St Mary, Primrose Hill, after which he became Chaplain to the Bishop of Chichester. Appointed Vicar of St Thomas Hove and then Henfield, in 1940 he became Provost of St Mary's Cathedral, Edinburgh before elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Jarrow (and Archdeacon of Auckland) five years later. In 1949 he became Dean of Lincoln, a post he held until he retired in 1964. In 1955 he was appointed the first chairman of the Liturgical Commission of the Church of England.

</doc>
<doc id="19863858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863858" title="Kyuketsu Onsen e Yokoso">
Kyuketsu Onsen e Yokoso

The film features famous Japanese celebrity Aya Sugimoto in the role of the landlady of the onsen and the main vampire woman, ex-idol singer Yuka Onishi of "Sukeban Deka III" fame, and AV idol Ryo Hitomi.

</doc>
<doc id="19863870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863870" title="The Story of the Latter-day Saints">
The Story of the Latter-day Saints

The Story of the Latter-day Saints is a single-volume history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) by James B. Allen and Glen M. Leonard, first published in 1976.
Overview.
The authors summarized the tone of their work by identifying four recurring themes that emerged throughout "The Story of the Latter-day Saints": 
Although seen as well-written and comprehensive, the book was intended for a Latter-day Saint audience, because it detailed minutiae like organizational changes, but didn't focus on issues of interest to new readers on Mormonism. Unlike most earlier Mormon histories, this book focused on casting the church in a broader context, addressed controversial historical issues, and covered the events of the twentieth century.
The following list of the book's chapters also describe its historical scope:
In the 1992 second edition, the last chapter was changed to "Toward a Universal Church, 1974-1990".
History.
Impetus.
For over 50 years, Joseph Fielding Smith's "Essentials in Church History" was issued as a popular single-volume history of the LDS Church. After Smith's death in 1972, LDS Church and Deseret Book officials asked the church's Historical Department to write a new single-volume history to replace "Essentials in Church History" and cover more recent events, while using new sources available in the Church Archives. With the First Presidency's approval, the department assigned the project to James B. Allen, an Assistant Church Historian, and Glen M. Leonard, a Senior Historical Associate. "The Story of the Latter-day Saints" was published in 1976, the one-hundredth anniversary of Joseph Fielding Smith's birth.
The book took a non-partisan, factually-sound approach to LDS Church history and was the first time the entire history of Mormonism was professionally surveyed in one book. It was also one of the first institutionally-sponsored publications to deal frankly with many controversial issues such as the complexities of Nauvoo, and the church's political, economic, social and doctrinal developments. As professional historians, the authors cast their subject in its historic context, with connections made to larger Restoration and American movements. The product revealed the challenges and progress of the new Mormon history in confronting controversy and reevaluating setting and tone.
Reception.
Anticipating high demand, Deseret Book prepared a very large first printing of 35,000. It sold quickly with 10,000 copies in the first month, including 5,000 to the LDS Church's Public Communications department to place in U.S. libraries. Nearly 20,000 copies sold in the first year and the entire original printing was sold out within three years.
The book was initially received favorably. It was called a "significant" and "pathbreaking" history of Mormonism. Historian Richard Poll recommended it "to every serious student of Mormonism and every library interested in history, religion or Americana." Its extensive bibliography was also respected and seen as noteworthy.
The book was commended for its modern scholarship and dispassionate tone, while representing a faithful LDS perspective. One review noted the authors' "remarkable blend of the scholarly approach and the religious story… They do not feel constrained to bear testimony, and yet they demonstrate an empathy toward Mormonism that could only emanate from devoted members. It is a pleasant balance."
However, this balance risked displeasing both religious and academic readers. Believers in the divinity of all church actions disliked seeing events cast against the influences in their historical setting. History purists wanted discussion of more issues and problems, and felt significant events and details were missing in this concentration of all Mormon history. Allen and Leonard's history was praised and criticized by both Mormon and non-Mormon readers.
Controversy.
In 1976, some members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles had concerns that the book wasn't faith-promoting. When they approached quorum president Ezra Taft Benson, he requested a thorough reading by his executive assistant. This produced a critique that asserted the book wasn't spiritual enough to be a "true" LDS history and that the Historical Department's activities should be controlled.
In a speech, Benson publicly worried the book may spiritually harm young church members. He condemned the portrayal of the Word of Wisdom health code and Joseph Smith's visions as being influenced by parallel movements in American history. Benson warned that the terms "experimental systems," "communal life," "primitivists," and "prophet alleged," were offensive and did not promote faith in the church. He advised against purchasing work by "liberal sources," because it would "help sustain their cause."
In a meeting with the First Presidency and Church Historian Leonard J. Arrington, Benson and Apostle Mark E. Petersen argued the book was faith-damaging and should have presented more prophetic evidences. Arrington defended it, but agreed to allow future department manuscripts to be reviewed by an Apostle before publication, even though they already passed through a reading committee of accomplished historians.
While other church leaders agreed that the book was too "secular," several continued to support it, including Howard W. Hunter and LDS Church President Spencer W. Kimball. Kimball felt it was a great work and was unhappy with "unchristian" treatment of James B. Allen by some religion faculty at Brigham Young University (BYU) who were upset by it. Kimball thought Allen had performed honorably in this approved assignment, and "that Benson and Petersen did not have the authority or the right to interfere with the sale of the book." However, such support remained private, to preserve the public unity of the Apostles.
Despite its quick sell-out, "The Story of the Latter-day Saints" was not reprinted for years, and some doubted it would ever be. It was rumored to be uncitable in publications by Deseret Book and the Church Educational System.
Aftermath.
The book fueled growing suspicion and disfavor with the Historical Department's activities, which lead to the History Division's turning point. Plans were canceled for a 16 volume comprehensive history series in honor of the church's sesquicentennial. Division staff were downsized, bureaucratized and eventually transferred to BYU, where they could publish under academic rather than ecclesiastical sponsorship.
Eventually, a second printing was approved for 1986. Later, Allen and Leonard prepared a revised and updated manuscript, which was published as a second edition in 1992. After the controversy dissipated, the book was still seen as an influential and notable accomplishment in its field. It is appreciated as respectful and faithful in its approach and "a model example of the new Mormon history… It remains the best one-volume treatment of the Mormon past and the place where the beginning student of LDS history should turn first." Curt Bench, a dealer in fine and rare Mormon books, listed it as one of the 50 most important Mormon books.
Reviews.
The following are published reviews of "The Story of the Latter-day Saints"

</doc>
<doc id="19863873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863873" title="Merritt Clark">
Merritt Clark

Merritt Clark (February 11, 1803 – 1898) was a Vermont businessperson and politician. He graduated from Middlebury College in 1823. A member of the Democratic Party, he was elected to the Vermont House of Representatives in 1832-33, 1839, and 1865–66, and to the Vermont Senate in 1863-64 and 1868–69, as well as the 1870 Vermont Constitutional Convention. He was the first president of the Rutland and Washington Railroad.
In 1870, he was a member of the Vermont Board of Education, which published a report critical of the state's normal schools (teacher training institutions).

</doc>
<doc id="19863886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863886" title="Virginia Outdoors Foundation">
Virginia Outdoors Foundation

The Virginia Outdoors Foundation is a quasi-state agency formed by the Virginia General Assembly in 1966 "to promote the preservation of open space lands and to encourage private gifts of money, securities, land or other property to preserve the natural, scenic, historic, open-space and recreational areas of the Commonwealth." It currently owns of public land and holds and manages conservation easements on more than of private land.
The Virginia Outdoors Foundation is governed and administered by a board of seven at-large trustees appointed by Virginia governors for four-year staggered terms. The sitting governor appoints a chairman from among the seven trustees.
Some of the properties that the Virginia Outdoors Foundation currently protects through conservation easements include Carvins Cove and Mill Mountain owned by the City of Roanoke, Wildwood Park in the City of Radford, Shirley Plantation in Charles City County, James Madison's Montpelier in Orange County, and more than 4,000 acres of land along the Rappahannock River owned by the City of Fredericksburg.
As of 2008, 20 percent of the land in Clarke County, Virginia was covered by conservation easements.

</doc>
<doc id="19863894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863894" title="French frigate Néréide (1779)">
French frigate Néréide (1779)

The Néréide was a "Sybille" class 32-gun, copper-hulled, frigate of the French Navy. On 22 December 1797 HMS "Phoebe" captured her and she was taken into British service as HMS "Nereide". The French recaptured her at the Battle of Grand Port, only to lose her again when the British took Isle de France (now Mauritius), in 1810. After the Battle of Grand Port she was in such a poor condition that she was broken up.
French service.
On 6 June 1780, along with "Zodiaque" (74 guns), she captured a British privateer, the 10-gun cutter "Prince of Wales" off Madeira. She was part of the fleet of Lamotte-Picquet that sailed from Brest and on 2 May 1781 captured 18 ships in a convoy from Sint Eustatius. In 1782 she served in the Caribbean under Vaudreuil.
From 1788, she served off Africa. She then underwent a refit in Rochefort in October 1794.
On 20 December 1797 she was sailing off the Isles of Scilly under the command of Lieutenant de Vaisseau Chassériau when she encountered "Phoebe". After exchanging broadsides with "Phoebe" for about an hour and a half, "Néréide" struck. She had suffered 20 killed and 55 wounded; "Phoebe" had suffered three men killed and 10 wounded. Although the French vessel had a larger crew, she had a substantially smaller broadside and that told. She entered into British service as HMS "Nereide".
British service.
In the morning of 1 March 1800, "Nereide" saw five sail and made towards them. They were five well-armed French privateers, but they scattered as she approached. "Nereide" lost sight of them until the next morning when she re-encountered one. After a pursuit of 12 hours and 123 miles, "Nereide" captured the French privateer "Vengeance", pierced for 18 guns but carrying sixteen 12-pounders and 174 men. "Vengeance" had left Bordeaux on 26 February and then had joined the "Bellona" (twenty-four 12-pounder guns, six 36-pounder carronades, and 420 men), "Favorite" (sixteen 8-pounder guns and 120 men), "Huron" (sixteen 6-pounder guns and 187 men), and the schooner "Terrailluse" (fourteen 6-pounder guns and 80 men). 
The next day (3 March), "Nereide" recaptured the American ship "Perseverance", of Baltimore, which was carrying a cargo valued at £30,000. Then on 17 March "Nereide" recaptured the "Lord Nelson".
"Nereide", , and shared in the proceeds of the capture, on 5 June of the "Eagle". 
On 11 September Watkins sailed to Curaçao to forestall the French from taking it. Then on 13 September he took possession and signed the terms of capitulation on behalf of the British.
On 25 November 1806 "Nereide" was under the command of Captain Robert Corbett when she captured the Spanish privateer "Brilliante", a privateer lugger of four guns with a crew of 50. She was two days out of Vigo and provisioned for a cruise of four months. Corbett was particularly pleased at the capture as she had not yet captured anything, but there were several sail in sight when "Nereide" commenced her pursuit.
On 15 July 1808 , "Otter", and shared in the capture of the French brig "Lucie", and her cargo of slaves. In December "Nereide" captured the French corvette "Gobe Mouche" after a chase on the morning of the 18th. She was pierced for 12 guns but had thrown most overboard during the chase. She was under the command of "Enseigne de vaisseau provisoir" Sugor, and was sailing from the Seychelles to Port Louis with dispatches. She threw them overboard, but "Nereide"s boat crew was able to retrieve a considerable part of them. "Gobe Mouche" had a complement of 80 men, but had only 30 on board when captured as she had had to man a number of prizes on her previous cruise.
In 1809, she served as convoy escort. In September, still under the command of Corbett, she played a critical part in the Raid on Saint Paul at Île Bourbon (now Réunion). There "Nereide" and the landing party captured the frigate "Caroline", and recovered the East Indiamen "Streatham" and "Europa", and the 14-gun Bombay Marine brig "Grappler". The British also captured some merchant vessels and destroyed several forts and batteries.
In March 1810, "Nereide" joined HMS "Iphigenia", "Leopard" and "Magicienne" off Isle de France.
Loss.
She took part in the Battle of Grand Port where she was severely battered and eventually captured.
"Nereide" was under the command of Captain Nesbit Josiah Willoughby when she surrendered in December 1810 when Isle de France fell to the British. Even so, she and her crew (perhaps the prize crew), qualified for the prize money that followed the capture of the island. However, she was in such a bad shape that she was broken up thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="19863896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863896" title="Papyrus 6">
Papyrus 6

Papyrus 6 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_16 or by ε 021 (in von Soden's numbering), is a fragmentary early copy of the New Testament in Greek and Coptic (Akhmimic). It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John that has been dated paleographically to the 4th century. The manuscript also contains text of the First Epistle of Clement, which is a canonical book of the New Testament for the Coptic Church. The major part of the codex is lost.
The Greek text of the codex has several unusual textual variants.
Description.
The codex contains text of the First Epistle of Clement in Coptic (Akhmimic dialect) on the first 26 pages of the manuscript, Coptic Epistle of James on the pages 91-99, and Greek and Coptic Gospel of John on the page 100. Pages 27-90 have not survived. About 25 pages contained the rest of the text of the First Epistle of Clement and one page of text of James 1:1-12, but there were about 28 pages with unknown content. According to Friedrich Rösch there is not space for the Second Epistle of Clement.
The original size of pages probably measured 28 cm by 15 cm. According to the reconstruction the text of the codex was written in one column per page, 30 lines per page. It is written in uncial letters. The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way (ις̅, θυ̅).
About 200 fragments of the codex have survived. 15 fragments from the four original leaves contain the Greek text of the Gospel of John.
The Greek text of the codex contains: 
Gospel of John 10:1-2.4-7. 9-10; 11:1-8. 45-52. 
The Coptic (Akhmimic) text of the codex contains:
First Epistle of Clement 1:1-26:2; John 10:1-12.20; 13:1-2.11-12; James 1:13-5:20.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category II of New Testament manuscripts, because it has some alien readings.
In John 10:4-5 it has singular word order τ[ην φωνην των αλλο]τριων. Other manuscripts have reading την φωνην αυτου αλλοτριω or αυτου την φωνην αλλοτριω.
In John 10:5 it reads ακολουθησωσιν, the reading of the codex is supported by the manuscripts: Sinaiticus, Regius, Washingtonianus, Koridethi, Athous Lavrensis, 0250. The alternative reading ακολουθησουσιν occur in the manuscripts A, B, D, Δ, 700, and other.
In John 10:6 it has singular reading τι ην α for τι; the reading of the codex is not supported by any other manuscript.
In John 10:10 it has unique addition: δ]ε (between ο and κλεπτης) – ο δε κλεπτης instead of ο κλεπτης.
In John 11:1 it reads ην δε τις εκει for ην δε τις; the reading of the codex is not supported by any other manuscript.
In John 11:2 name Mariam has an unusual spelling with using Coptic letters (Mariham).
In John 11:5 it has singular reading της μαρθαν και την αδελφεν αυτης.
In John 11:45 it has reading οι ελθοντες προς την Μαριαμ along with the manuscripts Papyrus 59, Vaticanus, Ephraemi, Regius, minuscule 33; other manuscripts read οι ελθοντες μετα Μαριαμ.
History.
Caspar René Gregory did not try to estimate its date. Friedrich Rösch suggested the 5th or 6th century, according to him the earlier date of the codex is excluded by presence 1 Epistle of Clement. Some scholars date it even so late as 7th-8th century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century. It is difficult to date the manuscript on the palaeographical ground because of its fragmentary nature.
The manuscript was discovered in Egypt. It was the second manuscript with translation 1 Epistle of Clement into Coptic and the first in Akhmimic dialect. The Greek text of the codex was published by Gregory in 1908. Friedrich Rösch published the text of the whole manuscript Coptic and Greek in 1910.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire (Pap. copt. 379. 381. 382. 384) in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="19863906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863906" title="Nottingham Greyhound Stadium">
Nottingham Greyhound Stadium

Nottingham greyhound stadium is a greyhound racing track and stadium on the outskirts of Nottingham, England. It was voted "Central Region Racecourse of the Year" by the British Greyhound Racing Board for 1998-1999 and also 2001-2002.
Races at the course are held on Monday, Friday and Saturday evenings as well as an additional BAGS meeting Tuesday morning. The circumference of the track is 437 metres.
Competitions.
The stadium holds several competitions annually, the most prestigious of these is the Select Stakes, a competition that was originally held at Wembley.
After the closure of greyhound racing at Wembley, the event moved to Nottingham in 1997.
Other competitions

</doc>
<doc id="19863912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863912" title="North 2 North Health Partnership">
North 2 North Health Partnership

North 2 North Health Partnership is a health partnership established in 2006 between the National Health Service and the provincial government of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provincial government of Pakistan.
The link was established following the devastating earthquake that hit the North of Pakistan in October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19863915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863915" title="Farnese Hours">
Farnese Hours

The Farnese Hours is an illuminated manuscript created by Giulio Clovio for cardinal Alessandro Farnese in 1546. Considered the masterpiece of Clovio, this book of hours is now in the possession of the Pierpont Morgan Library in New York City.
It contains religious stories (both Biblical and apocryphal), and illustrations with architectural borders and classical nudes.

</doc>
<doc id="19863931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863931" title="Houston and Killellan">
Houston and Killellan

Houston and Killellan is a civil parish in Renfrewshire, Scotland containing the villages of Houston and Crosslee with a number of smaller settlements in its rural hinterland. Located in the Gryffe Valley, 5 miles (9 km) north of Paisley, it borders the parishes of Kilmacolm, Erskine and Kilbarchan.
Houston and Killellan no longer has a formal role in civic governance, but forms the community council area of Houston Community Council and is used as an ecclesiastical parish in the Church of Scotland. The parish covers an area of 11.9 sq. miles (30.9 km2).
Killellan or Killallan is subject to a number of different spellings.
Origins.
The ecclesiastical parish of Houston formed a union with the nearby rural parish and hamlet of Killellan in 1771, creating an effectively united parish centred upon one church in Houston. The civil parish was given existence following the Poor Law (Scotland) Act 1845, which led to the creation of parochial boards with the responsibility for administering the poor law.
Houston.
Houston is the main settlement of the parish and a substantial village. It also contains the residential settlement of Craigends, divided from the rest of the village by the River Gryffe to the north
Killellan.
Killellan, whilst formerly a parish in its own right, did not have any single developed settlement. Its built environment consisted of numerous small farms with a few other enterprises such a mill and smithy, with the parish church providing a religious focus for the community.
Following the amalgamation of the Houston and Killallen parishes, the parish church - dedicated to St Fillan (Faelan of Cluain Moescna) - fell into ruin. Now a scheduled ancient monument, the remains of the church lie around four miles (6 km) from the centre of Houston on the High Road to Kilmacolm at together with some other buildings which remain in use. Previously within the holdings of Elderslie Estates, in 2005 the church was gifted to the Kilallan Kirk Trust, a registered charity.
Toponymy.
The name of Killellan derives from the Scots Gaelic term for 'cell' or 'church' of Fillan as a result of the dedication of its former parish church. 
Killellan or Killallan is spelled somewhat differently with usage remaining inconsistent. 'Killellan' is used by both the modern Gazetteer for Scotland, the Church of Scotland and the Community Council, whilst 'Killallen' is favoured in the 18th and 19th century Statistical Accounts, 'Kilallan' in the name of the 2005-created Kilallan Kirk Trust and 'Kilellan' by Renfrewshire Council.
Crosslee.
Crosslee is a smaller village to the south-east of Houston. 
Barochan.
Barochan is a hamlet and rural area to the north-east of Houston. The surrounding country contains Barochan House, a former tower house dating back to the 16th century, and Barochan Hill which was the site of a Roman fort and use for light anti-aircraft defences during the Second World War.
The hamlet surrounds the former Mill of Barochan on the Barochan Burn. Close-by was the original site of the Barochan Cross, a Celtic Christian cross possibly carved in the 8th century. It was moved a short distance in the late 19th century before being taken to Paisley Abbey for preservation.
Government and politics.
Houston and its parish form part of the Renfrewshire council area. For the 2007 local authority elections in Scotland, Houston was entered into a new four-councillor ward, Ward 9, alongside Crosslee and the town of Linwood (Ward 9).
With the decline of the importance of civil parishes for local government in Scotland, Houston and Killellan has found itself replaced for this purpose by the Houston Community Council area.
Transport.
Houston and Killellan was served by Houston railway station (formerly 'Crosslee' and 'Crosslee and Houston'; closed 1983) near to Crosslee and the nearby village of Brookfield, and Georgetown railway station (formerly 'Houston'; closed 1959) which, for much of its history, primarily served ROF Bishopton. Both of these stations were in the rural area surrounding the parish rather than any specific settlements.

</doc>
<doc id="19863959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863959" title="Successful ISH Showjumpers">
Successful ISH Showjumpers

The Irish Sport Horse (ISH) (US: Irish Draught Sports Horse), also known as the Irish Hunter, is mainly the result of a cross between the Irish Draught and the Thoroughbred. It has been given recognition as a separate breed. It is commonly bred from parents who are also Irish Sport Horses, in addition to being bred from the definitive parent breeds. The Irish Sport Horse is traditionally used for all purposes, from transportation, to riding, and working the land. However, it is becoming increasingly popular as a competition riding horse. Its natural athletic ability and fantastic jumping talents means that it excels in the show jumping arena, as well as competing at the highest levels of eventing. The horse is globally renowned for being one of the best fox hunting mounts in the world, and the Irish Sport Horse studbook regularly tops the rankings for eventing. Ireland produces a great number of Irish Sport Horses each year, many of them selling for great amounts in the United States and Europe.
Irish Sport Horses (ISH) have been successful in show jumping, and have won medals or been placed at the highest levels of the sport. The highest level of show jumping includes the Olympic Games, Show Jumping World Championships (WEG), European Show Jumping Championships, Show Jumping World Cup and the Pan-American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19863963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863963" title="Joseph Dowling">
Joseph Dowling

Joseph (Joe) Dowling (born 2 February 1922) is a retired Irish Fianna Fáil politician. An auctioneer before entering politics, Dowling was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–West constituency at the 1965 general election having previously stood at the 1961 general election. Dowling held his seat at every subsequent election until he lost it at the 1977 general election in the new Dublin Ballyfermot constituency. He was then elected to Seanad Éireann on the Labour Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="19863964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863964" title="David Marshall Mason">
David Marshall Mason

David Marshall Mason (7 December 1865—19 March 1945) was a Scottish Liberal, later Liberal National politician, banker and businessman.
Family and Education.
Mason was born at Campsie, near Glasgow, the eldest son of Stephen Mason, himself a Liberal MP and Martha Marshall. He was educated at Partick Academy and Kelvinside Academy, Glasgow, Craigmount in Edinburgh and then at Glasgow University. He also studied privately in Germany. He married Mary Crouse of Akron, Ohio who was the daughter of the Hon. George W. Crouse, formerly a Republican Member of Congress. They had two sons and five daughters.
Business interests.
Mason went into banking, becoming an Associate of the Institute of Bankers. He was described by The Times newspaper in 1910 as having banking and railways interests. Mason acquired a reputation as an expert on the economy, financial and trading questions. He was a founder member of chairman of the Executive Committee of the Sound Currency Association.
Political career.
Mason first contested a Parliamentary seat for the Liberals at Glasgow, Tradeston at the 1906 general election where he also stood, again unsuccessfully, in January 1910. He was however returned in the December 1910 election as MP for Coventry when he gained the seat from the sitting Conservative MP, John Kenneth Foster. He held Coventry until 1918.Mason tended to be an opponent of the coalition government during the First World War pressing in Parliament for the government to explore opportunities for peacemaking and supporting votes which placed him in ‘the pacifist minority’. He was often described as an Independent or Independent Liberal in the press and stood as an Independent at the 1918 general election. The coalition coupon was given to Edward Manville, a Conservative who was the victor in a contest involving five candidates. Like other Liberal MPs who had taken an unpopular stance over aspects of war policy, Mason was rejected by the electorate, coming fifth of the five candidates in the poll.
Mason tried to return to Parliament at each of the next three general elections for the Romford Division of Essex, and then for Barnstaple in North Devon at the 1929 general election
Radical, centrist or right-wing?
Described as being on the Radical wing of the Liberal party especially in relation to foreign policy, Mason played a leading role in condemning Italian atrocities in Tripolitania during the war between Italy and Turkey in 1911 and urging British government intervention. Attempting to rally an effective protest Mason said the Italian invasion had provoked an outburst of indignation from the friends of freedom and foes of aggression’ in Britain. However another historian has called Mason a ‘Liberal Centrist’ typical of the sort of candidates being adopted by Liberal Associations in the hope of attracting working class votes whilst maintaining the support of traditional Liberals.
Mason was certainly associated with radical causes. He was a strong proponent of Irish Home Rule and supporter of John Redmond. He was connected to the Peace Society and opposed greater spending on arms and armaments and was a member of a deputation to Liberal prime minister H H Asquith to advise him of the uneasiness of the Parliamentary Liberal Party regarding increasing spending on the Navy. All this, and his criticisms of the government got him into trouble with Coventry Liberal Association who announced in January 1914 that they would be finding a new candidate for the next election In response Mason said he would stand as an Independent Liberal in opposition to the official candidate. He was a member of the Liberal Foreign Affairs Committee, a private backbench group set up in December 1911. This was an essentially radical organisation and critical of the direction and conduct of the foreign policy of Sir Edward Grey. In July 1914, a dozen or so of the group, including Mason met and passed a resolution urging British neutrality in the emerging crisis. Mason was a signatory to the letter which the group sent to Grey covering the text of the resolution and urging him to use the government’s good offices to secure peace.
Mason was an opponent of the Bill introducing conscription in 1916, being one of one 34 Liberal MPs to vote against it. He was also in favour of votes for women and was identified by Sylvia Pankhurst as a fervent supporter of the Suffragette cause inside and outside Parliament.
However it is clear that Mason was far more conservative on issues surrounding the economy. He kept a high political profile during the 1920s with his chairmanship of the Sound Currency Association and many letters to the Times newspaper on various aspects of the economy, trade and foreign policy . He was described as a ‘notorious advocate of a return to the gold standard’. However he may have been moving in that direction far earlier as he was re-elected to Parliament at the 1931 general election as a Liberal candidate in East Edinburgh promising to support National Government of Ramsay Macdonald, the official position of the Liberal Party, and defeating the sitting Labour MP, Drummond Shiels. At this election, the Conservative candidate J Carmont had withdrawn in favour of Mason because he pledged support to the government but the honeymoon with the Unionists did not last and Mason got into trouble with the local Unionist association for voting against the government just a few weeks later. By the time of the 1935 general election he had gone into opposition with his Liberal colleagues, and so faced a Unionist opponent. However the seat was won back by Labour and Mason finished bottom of the poll. That year he joined the Anglo-German Fellowship.
Death.
Mason died on 19 March 1945 in a Nursing home in Malvern in Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="19863980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863980" title="NFL Street 2">
NFL Street 2

NFL Street 2 is American football video game developed by EA Sports BIG and published by Electronic Arts. It was originally released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube on December 22, 2004. It features Carolina Panthers and former New York Giants tight end Jeremy Shockey and rapper Xzibit on the cover. The game is compatible with "Madden NFL 2006", as players can import their "Own The City" players to it. The game's compatibility also extends to other EA games like "Need For Speed Underground 2", "SSX 3", "Madden NFL 2005", "NCAA Football 2005", "NFL Street", "", "NBA Live 2005", and "NBA Street Vol. 2", where if players have these games on their memory cards, they can earn 25,000 points in the game.
It was later ported to the PlayStation Portable in 2005 under the name NFL Street 2 Unleashed.
Game modes.
"Own The City" mode.
This game mode is the newest mode of "NFL Street 2", the player must create a character and win all of the street games in Bay City. The player must play pick-up games to recruit talent for a team. The pick-up games are made up of randomly generated players. As the game progresses, the player will need to find better talent. If the player is successful they will face Xzibit and his team of NFL stars. When the player completes "Own The City" mode, the created player can be imported to "Madden NFL 2006", another successful football title, or can be imported to the "NFL Challenge" mode. The created player may also be played as in any of the Street Events in which players are selected as individuals instead of as a team (Crush the Carrier, Jump Ball Battle, Open Field Showdown).
NFL Challenge.
"NFL Challenge" is the official mode of the NFL Street series. The player must build up a team in 150 days to face the NFL Stars by completing challenges, such as scoring 250,000 style points on the Dallas Cowboys. Winning the challenges gives the player development points to spend on the players but also at the expense of days. When 5 days remain, a tournament opens up and the player's team must win the tournament to complete NFL Challenge (An alternative is to beat Team Xzibit in "Own The City" Mode).
If the player advances into the final round, they face the NFL Legends, a team of NFL stars from the 1970s, 80s and 90s. If they win they unlock the team.
Game features.
Gamebreaker 2s.
One of the new features in NFL Street 2 is the addition of the Gamebreaker 2. The player first has to acquire 100,000 style points to unlock a gamebreaker and then without using their gamebreaker, acquire the same amount of style points again. When called at the line of scrimmage, A cutscene occurs in which on defense, the defense stylishly gets the ball back while on offense, the offense stylishly gets over the line of scrimmage. After the cutscene, the player enters a "God Mode" in which he has unlimited turbo and will break all of his tackles.
Running moves.
Some of the running moves are the juke, the spin, the wall move, the wall juke, the stiff arm and the hurdle. These moves give you style points.
NFL teams in NFL Street.
The teams feature 17 players on the 32 NFL Teams from the 2004 NFL season, and the rosters are accurate as of November 2004.
Reception.
The game received positive reviews. IGN gave the PS2 edition a 8.9/10, praising the overall game but criticizing the sound, a common issue in "EA Sports" games. The PSP version received a 7.8/10 from IGN, criticizing the loading times and comparing the game to the St. Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="19863982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863982" title="Lana Marks">
Lana Marks

Lana Marks is a South African-born fashion designer who founded an eponymous fashion brand.
Early life.
She was born in East London, South Africa but now resides in Palm Beach, Florida. Her father was a property developer. She attended Clarendon High School in East London and was known for being a high achiever academically. She was a keen tennis player, representing the United States.
She is the CEO and designer of Lana Marks, a fashion accessories brand that specializes in exotic leathers, and is a member of CFDA. She is married to psychiatrist Dr. Neville Marks.
Lana Marks has been a commentator on awards shows including VH1’s The Fabulous Life Presents: Red Carpet Excess.
She was friends with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Brand.
Her brand specializes in exotic leather accessories that are available in 150 styles in 100 colors. and are known for creating some of the world’s most expensive handbags. Lana Marks is based out of Palm Beach, Florida.
Lana Marks first got the idea to start a handbag collection when she couldn’t find a handbag to match a red suit she was wearing to a birthday celebration for Queen Elizabeth II. Marks then decided to start a line of exotic leather accessories in bright colors.
Lana Marks is known for designing handbags often seen on the Academy Awards Red Carpet, worn by celebrities such as Charlize Theron, Kate Winslet, Jennifer Aniston, Helen Mirren, Julie Christie, and Angelina Jolie. Drew Barrymore, Lucy Liu, Julianne Moore, Reese Witherspoon, Alexandria Everett from America's Next Top Model and Paris Hilton have also been seen wearing Lana Marks handbags.
The Lana Marks Cleopatra Clutch, decorated with diamonds and inspired by Elizabeth Taylor, is a handbag of choice for the Academy Awards. When she won an Academy Award in 2007, Helen Mirren carried her handbag, a Lana Marks Cleopatra Clutch, to the stage to accept her Oscar.

</doc>
<doc id="19863987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19863987" title="Sibylle-class frigate">
Sibylle-class frigate

The "Sibylle" class was a class of five 32-gun sail frigates designed by Jacques-Noël Sané and built for the French Navy in the late 1770s. They carried 26 x 12-pounder guns on the upper deck and 6 x 8-pounder guns on the forecastle and quarter deck.

</doc>
<doc id="19864004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864004" title="Buda Engine Co.">
Buda Engine Co.

Buda Engine was founded in 1881 by George Chalender in Buda, Illinois to make equipment for railways. Later based in Harvey, Illinois, Buda from 1910 manufactured engines for industrial, truck, and marine applications. Early Buda engines were gasoline fueled. Later, diesel engines were introduced, utilizing proprietary Lanova cylinder head designs, injection pumps and nozzles. These were known as Buda-Lanova diesel engines. Buda Engine Company was acquired by Allis-Chalmers in 1953. The Buda-Lanova models were re-christened "Allis-Chalmers diesel".
Buda began by manufacturing railroad maintenance of way tools and equipment, switches, switch stands and signal devices. By the end of the century, Buda was producing a line of hand cars and velocipedes, and eventually moved into the motorcar business also. Velocipedes were equipped with single-cylinder, air-cooled engines and motorcars were equipped with 2-cylinder opposed "pancake" air-cooled engines. The motorcar production was later either sold or licensed to Fairbanks-Morse, which continued production. Truck, tractor, bus, and marine engines continued in production by Buda who eventually was taken over by Allis-Chalmers.
Buda's engines were water-cooled, in-line four, six, or eight-cylinder models. Buda advertisements in the early 1900s proclaimed Buda as "Pioneer of the cast-in-block" method. Their engines featured long stroke, enclosed valves, noiseless timing gears, and self-contained oiling system. Early four-cylinder gasoline-fueled models produced 30 to 60 bhp. Later six-cylinder diesel Buda-Lanova engines exceeded 200 bhp. 
Their principal competitors were Hercules, Waukesha, Continental Motors, Wisconsin, Lycoming, Rutenber, Hall-Scott, LeRoi, Weidely, and Herschell-Spillman. 
The four-cylinder Buda gasoline engine was favored by many early truck manufacturers, who were converting horse-drawn vehicles to self-propelled models. In 1918 a 42-hp version was fitted to the American-built M1917 light tank, a licensed copy of the Renault FT. By the late '20's, trucks were getting larger and required larger engines, such as Buda's six-cylinder models. As diesel engines grew in popularity in the 1930s, Buda responded with four and six-cylinder diesel engines.
Users.
Kenworth's early models (1922-1925) featured Buda four-cylinder gasoline engines as standard equipment. Buda six-cylinder gasoline engines were offered by Kenworth until the late 1930s. Other truck manufacturers that used Buda engines included Acorn (made in Chicago 1923-1930), Air-O-Flex (Detroit 1919-1920), Armleder (Cincinnati 1909-1936), Atco (Kankakee IL 1920-1923), Barber (New York City 1917-1918), Bell (Ottumwa IA 1919-1923), Betz (Hammond IN 1919-1929), Brown (St Cloud & Duluth MN 1922-1924), Clydesdale (Clyde OH 1917-1938), Coleman (Littleton CO 1925-1943), Columbia (Pontiac MI 1916-1925), Commerce (Detroit 1917-1932), Concord (Concord NH 1917-1933), Day-Elder (Irvington NJ 1919-1937), Dearborn (Chicago 1919-1924), Dependable (East St Louis IL 1918-1923), Double Drive (Benton Harbor MI 1922-1930), Douglas (Omaha 1917-1931), Eagle (St Louis 1920-1928), Fremont-Mais (Fremont OH 1914-1915), Fulton (Farmingdale NY 1916-1925), Gary Motor Truck (Gary IN 1916-1927), Gotfredson (Detroit Michigan & Walkerville Ontario 1923-1948), Hawkeye Truck (Sioux City IA 1915-1933), Hug (Highland IL 1921-1942), Hurlburt (New York City 1912-1927), International Harvester (1925-195?), Jumbo (Saginaw MI 1918-1924), Kalamazoo (Kalamazoo MI 1913-1924), Kleiber (San Francisco 1914-1937), Lehigh (Allentown PA 1925-1927), Maccar (Allentown PA 1914-1935), MacDonald (San Francisco 1920-1942), Relay (Lima OH 1927-1933), Rogers Una-Drive (Sunnyvale CA 1919-1922), Rumley (LaPorte IN 1919-1928), Sandow (Chicago Heights IL 1915-1928), Service (Wabash IN 1911-1932), Stewart (Buffalo NY 1912-1941), Sullivan (Rochester NY 1916-1923), Thomas (New York City 1916-1917), Tiffin (Tiffin OH 1913-1923), Titan (Milwaukee 1917-1932), Trabold (Johnstown PA 1911-1932), Transport (Mt Pleasant MI 1919-1925), Traylor (Allentown PA 1920-1928), Walker-Johnson (East Woburn MA 1919-1923), and Watson (Conastoga NY 1917-1925).
Buda-Lanova engines were also used by the Whitcomb Locomotive Company of Rochelle IL. Two Buda-Lanova model DCS 1879 6 cylinder supercharged Diesel engines (6.75 bore x 8.75 stroke, 325 hp @ 1,200 rpm) were installed in both 65-DE-14a and 65-DE-19a Diesel electric centercab locomotives that were purchased by the Army and shipped over to Africa and Europe during WW II, helping Whitcomb to earn the Army-Navy "E" award. These engines suffered from poor cooling and cracking in the cylinder heads and resulted in many locomotives being disabled while waiting for new heads.
Chicago-based Condor offered Buda-Lanova diesels in their 1939 & 1940 trucks. Ag-tractor manufacturers, such as Massey-Harris (see Massey Ferguson), Cockshutt, and Oliver used Buda engines. Bus, taxi, and motorcoach makers such as Bridgeport, Luxor, and Pennant (see Barley Motor Car Co.) all used Buda engines. From 1925-1930, California coach operator, El Dorado, re-fitted new four-cylinder White buses with six-cylinder Budas. Firetruck builders Seagrave Fire Apparatus, Duplex, and American LaFrance used Buda engines. Buda engines were also used in electric generators, fire pumps, sawmills, cotton gins, and feed mills. Gardner-Denver used Buda engines in their air compressors. Buda-Lanova diesels were used by Australian Navy and U.S. Coast Guard in the 1940s. Parts are still available from Buda Engine Company in Shreveport, LA.
One vessel used by the Australian Navy in WW2, HDML 1321 is still afloat and working as a tourist dive boat based in Darwin. See http://www.gunsofmuschu.com/hdml1321.html and http://www.gunsofmuschu.com/exploits.html

</doc>
<doc id="19864007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864007" title="Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice">
Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice

The Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice is an American education reform organization headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was founded in 1996 by Nobel laureate Milton Friedman and his wife, economist Rose Director Friedman. The Friedman Foundation’s mission is to advance “school choice for all children” nationwide.
Called “the nation's leading advocate of vouchers” by the Wall Street Journal, the Friedman Foundation’s 13-member board is chaired by Dr. Patrick Byrne, chairman and CEO of Overstock.com. The Friedman Foundation, according to its website, works with “nonprofits, schools, community organizations, businesses, parents, teachers, and concerned citizens to provide general education, outreach, and advocacy on school choice.”
History.
The Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice was founded in March 1996 in Indianapolis, Indiana. It originally was known as the Milton & Rose D. Friedman Foundation. A prominent Indiana politician and friend of the Friedmans, Gordon St. Angelo, served as the Friedman Foundation’s first president, a position he held till 2009, when he was succeeded by Robert Enlow. Other founding directors of the Friedman Foundation include J. Patrick Rooney and Mitch Daniels.
School Choice.
In 1955, Milton Friedman put forth an idea of using free market principles to improve the United States public school system. Typically, public schools are funded by state and local taxes, and children are assigned a public school based on where their parents live. Friedman proposed that parents should be able to receive those education funds in the form of vouchers, which would allow them to choose their children's schools, including both public and private, religious and non-religious options.
The Foundation follows in Friedman’s view and is focused on the creation and expansion of school choice programs, either through vouchers, tax-based incentive programs, education savings accounts.
Policy Influence.
The Friedman Foundation’s work is state-focused, with an emphasis on legislation and judicial matters related to school choice.
The Friedman Foundation was involved with the U.S. Supreme Courts’ landmark decision on Ohio’s private school choice program in Cleveland, filing an amicus brief along with the Center for Individual Freedom, Cato Institute, and Goldwater Institute in support of the petitioners. The Supreme Court in Zelman v. Simmons-Harris concluded Cleveland’s school voucher program did not violate the First Amendment’s Establishment Clause.
In 2013, the Friedman Foundation was credited with influencing the Indiana Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling that the nation’s largest school voucher program was constitutional. The Friedman Foundation was cited in the official ruling. In responding to the court’s decision, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence credited the Friedman Foundation for its work in ensuring the program’s continuation.
The Friedman Foundation also conducts educational and advocacy work on school choice legislation in states, including Alaska
, Indiana
, Montana
, New Hampshire
, North Carolina
, and Tennessee.
Research and Publications.
The Friedman Foundation produces numerous state and national policy studies, research briefs, and voter surveys. Its reports include “The School Staffing Surge: Decades of Employment Growth in America’s Public Schools” and “A Win-Win Solution: The Empirical Evidence on School Choice.” Friedman Foundation studies typically are conducted by its research Fellows.
The Friedman Foundation also releases annually “The ABCs of School Choice,” a guide to every private school choice program in America. “The ABCs of School Choice” provides a summary of each voucher, tax-credit scholarship, education savings account, and individual tax credit/deduction program in operation. This publication details each program's funding levels, eligibility requirements, historic participation rates, stories of enrolled students, parents, and schools, and “Friedman Feedback” on how to “improve” according to Milton and Rose D. Friedman’s vision.
Friedman Legacy Day.
Every year on what would have been Milton Friedman’s birthday, July 31, the Friedman Foundation hosts a worldwide celebration for its founder. In 2012, the 100th anniversary of Dr. Friedman’s birth saw events held in every American state and 43 countries. Friedman also received coverage from The Atlantic, Glenn Beck’s The Blaze, the Chicago Tribune, Forbes.com, Rush Limbaugh, National Review Online, Thomas Sowell, Slate, and the Wall Street Journal’s Stephen Moore.
On July 31, 2012, in Chicago, Illinois, the Friedman Foundation held a dinner gala that welcomed host Leo Melamed, chairman emeritus of CME Group (formerly the Chicago Mercantile Exchange), and keynote speaker Dr. Condoleezza Rice. Dr. Rice, a former colleague of Milton Friedman’s at Stanford University, said:
Also in 2012, Maine Gov. Paul LePage proclaimed July 31 as “Milton Friedman Day.”
Funding.
The Friedman Foundation is a 501(c)(3) organization with an annual operating budget of around $4.5 million. According to the organization’s 2012 annual report, 35% of its donations came from special giving, 28% from grants, 20% from personal appeals, 9% from web, events, and publications, 7% from renewal mail and annual gifts, and 1% from direct mail. The Friedman Foundation was not endowed by its founders.

</doc>
<doc id="19864010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864010" title="Nickelz">
Nickelz

Nickelz, born Khavaughn Shannon, is a hip-hop artist based in Philadelphia. Aside from being a solo artist, Nickelz was a member of the hip-hop group the Paper Chasas as well as being the lead vocalist in the Nickel Network (Nickelz, DJ Kinetic and J Freeze).
Career.
Nickelz began his rap career in the halls of Cardinal Dougherty High School in Philadelphia. Were he meet DJ Kinetic and J Freeze. Nickelz began to get noticed around North Philadelphia as an up-and-coming MC. He then teamed up with The Paper Chasas (Nickelz, Hollowman, Face, Skiez, Lavish). Shortly after graduating from Manor College Nickelz began to pursue that passion professionally. 
While in the Paper Chasas in 2002, Nickelz and his co-members released mixtapes, and Hollowman of the Paper Chasas battled Ness of Da Band on MTV. The buzz surrounding the battle put the group in the forefront in Philadelphia hip hop.
In 2006 Nickelz released his first solo mixtape "Checkz n Balancez" on Compass120 Music. He then released a series of mixtapes: "The Network", "Best Of...", "The Most Official". All helped make a name for Nickelz as a solo artist and to be considered as one of the best MCs in Philadelphia.
On May 5, 2008 his debut album, "The Mint" was released, and received reviews by Okayplayer. and 215hiphop.com. "The Mint" was executive produced by Documentalz, who has worked with Bilal, M.O.P., Ghostface. "The Mint" featured Philadelphia MCs Hedonis da Amazon and former Paper Chasas member Hollowman. There was an album release party that featured this artists covered by Philadelphia Daily News reporter Damon Williams. His second full length album yet untitled is expected in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19864025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864025" title="Bodybuilding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Bodybuilding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Bodybuilding at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held in Bali, Indonesia from 19 October to 20 October 2008. The competition included only men's events for six different weight categories. All events were held at Kuta Beach.
Results.
60 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20
65 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20
70 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20
75 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20
80 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20
85 kg.
Prejudge.
October 19
Final.
October 20

</doc>
<doc id="19864035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864035" title="Pageant of Empire (Elgar)">
Pageant of Empire (Elgar)

Pageant of Empire is the title given to a set of songs, to words by Alfred Noyes, written by the English composer Sir Edward Elgar and given important positions in the Pageant of Empire at the British Empire Exhibition.
Details.
The songs were first performed when the Pageant opened on 21 July 1924, when they were conducted by the composer.
The songs were published by Enoch & Sons. They are
Nos. 1 - 7 are for solo singer with accompaniment.
No. 2 ""The Islands"", No. 5 ""Sailing Westward"", and three other poems by Noyes: ""Indian Dawn"", ""The Cape of Good Hope"" (for South Africa) and ""Gloriana"" (Queen Elizabeth I) were also arranged for chorus SATB and have the same musical accompaniment.
No. 7 ""The Immortal Legions"" was also arranged for chorus SATB.
No. 8 ""A Song of Union"" is a part-song for chorus SATB written for but not actually performed in the Pageant.
Three movements from Elgar's "The Crown of India" were included in the Pageant, representing "The Early Days of India": the "Introduction", the "March of the Mogul Emperors" and the "Crown of India March".
Elgar composed his "Empire March" for the same occasion, and it was at that time considered part of the "Pageant of Empire". However the Empire March was not performed then and Elgar's "Imperial March" took its place.
The orchestral scores and parts for all the songs with the exception of Immortal Legions and the March have been lost, but they have been orchestrated by conductor Martin Yates and recorded complete on Dutton Epoch by Baritone Roderick Williams with the BBC Concert Orchestra conducted by Martin Yates

</doc>
<doc id="19864047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864047" title="Raj Ghatak">
Raj Ghatak

Raj Ghatak (born July 1973) is an Indian-born English actor of Bengali Hindu origin. His is best known for his role in Andrew Lloyd Webber's Bollywood musical "Bombay Dreams" in which he played Sweetie.
He has appeared in numerous plays and films. His most recent role was as Grayson in the Charlie Brooker horror series "Dead Set" for E4. In 2014, he appeared in "The 7.39".

</doc>
<doc id="19864048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864048" title="Holmen">
Holmen

Holmen may have several meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="19864082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864082" title="Lexington Barbecue Festival">
Lexington Barbecue Festival

The Lexington Barbecue Festival is a one-day food festival held each October in Lexington, North Carolina, a city that calls itself the "Barbecue Capital of the World." Each year it attracts as many as 160,000 visitors to the uptown Lexington area to sample the different foods from up to 20 different area restaurants, dozens of visiting food vendors, and hundreds of other vendors.
The annual event is listed in the book "1000 Places to See in the USA & Canada Before-You-Die", a part of the series based on the best-selling "1,000 Places to See Before You Die". In 2012, the US News and World Report ranked Lexington as #4 on its list of the best cities for barbecue.
History.
The idea for an annual festival was first brought up in 1983 by Joe Sink, Jr., publisher of Lexington's daily newspaper, "The Dispatch". He approached the bank BB&T, which agreed to look into the idea and hired Kay Saintsing, a local organization developer and manager, to conduct a study of the feasibility of such a festival. The investigation concluded that the festival was a valid idea, as Lexington was already a popular weekend destination for barbecue, and the first festival was held October 27, 1984.
The Lexington Barbecue Festival was to become one of the nation's most popular food festivals. The first annual festival attracted 30,000 people, and the barbecue chefs cooked 3,000 pounds of barbecue to meet demand; by 1994, attendance had risen to over 100,000, and 11,000 pounds of meat were cooked. In 1995, the North Carolina Championship Pork Cook-Off was held in conjunction with the festival, allowing visitors from the Piedmont to watch whole-hog cooking experts from the eastern part of the state demonstrate their methods.
The festival is held each October in uptown Lexington. Several city blocks on main street, are closed to vehicle traffic for the event. In addition to barbecue, there are typically over 400 other vendors of arts and crafts, homemade fudge and other wares. Over the years, sponsors have included Childress Vineyards, Pepsi, BB&T, Walmart, and other large and local corporations.
When the festival first started in 1984, the participants were primarily local restaurants and a few local merchants. Since then it has grown to hundreds of vendors displaying every type of product. While the primary focus is still the barbecue, a large number of merchants sell other items that are unique to the area. Some of the more notable restaurants participating include Jimmy's Barbecue and Stamey's Barbecue.
25th Anniversary.
The 25th Anniversary Lexington Barbecue Festival was held on Saturday, October 25, 2008. The anniversary event included a 50-ton sand sculpture featuring pigs on a cake, six musical acts, an antique car show, arts and crafts, BMX biking, and other events. Musicians invited included General Johnson and Chairmen of the Board, Lee Ann Womack, Adam Gregory, Randy Houser, and Jamey Johnson, as well as regional and local performers.
For this event, Amtrak provided a special one-day stop in Lexington for riders from nearby Charlotte and Raleigh North Carolina.
The overall turnout was approximately 100,000 people, down from the 150,000 that came in 2007. Rain and the 2008 economic recession were cited as likely reasons for the lower turnout.
Types of North Carolina barbecue.
Lexington style.
The "Lexington style" of barbecue (occasionally referred to as "Piedmont style") uses a vinegar-based "red" sauce that is seasoned with ketchup, vinegar, and pepper, along with other spices that vary from recipe to recipe. It is most common in the Piedmont (central) and western areas of the state. This style uses only the pork shoulder section of the pig. As with other styles of barbecue, the recipes vary widely, and can include many different ingredients, and range from slightly sweet to hot and spicy. The sauce also serves as the seasoning base for "red slaw" (also called "barbecue slaw"), which is coleslaw made by using Lexington-style barbecue sauce in place of mayonnaise.
Eastern style.
The "Eastern style" is the most common type in eastern North Carolina. It is a light vinegar-based sauce and is more common in the eastern and coastal sections of the state. Eastern style sometimes uses the "whole hog" as the meat (not including internal organs), and is often said to use "every part of the hog except the squeal." Many recipes use only vinegar and pepper, and rely on the smoking process for the overall flavor.
"Pork-Barrel Politics".
One example of the more light-hearted feud that exists between the proponents of the two types of barbecue is when author Jerry Bledsoe, the self-professed "world's leading, foremost barbecue authority." claimed that Dennis Rogers, (columnist for The Raleigh News & Observer and self-professed "oracle of the holy grub.") "has ruined any chances of this state being distinguished in its barbecue." While a degree of humor is involved, choice of barbecue type is a politically charged topic.
Official status.
In 2007, NC House Bill 433 passed, granting the Lexington Barbecue Festival the title "Official Food Festival of the Piedmont Triad Region of the State of North Carolina". By excluding the eastern part of the state when making an official designation, they effectively bypassed any controversy regarding eastern barbecue and the region, and prevented any confusion with the title creating an "official" barbecue for the State of North Carolina.
Other activities.
Some of the other activities include lumberlack games, live music from up to five different stages, and street performers.

</doc>
<doc id="19864092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864092" title="XLI3H">
XLI3H

XLI3H (leet for Greek:"Εξέλιξη" meaning Evolution) is a hip hop album by 2008 MTV EMA Winner for Best Greek Act Stereo Mike and was released by Minos EMI. Stereo Mike is also the producer of the album.
The album features many collaborations with other artists including Haris Alexiou, Andiana Babali, Shaya, Lagnis {N.T.P.}, Mihos24, Reggae Philharmonic Orchestra, Skrein, Sandman, Ghetto Priest and Zeraw (Tang-Ram).

</doc>
<doc id="19864103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864103" title="Coming Soon (1982 film)">
Coming Soon (1982 film)

Coming Soon is a 1982 documentary film directed by John Landis for Universal. Landis used trailers of old Universal horror and thriller movies to create his own contribution to his favourite movie genres. The film is narrated by Jamie Lee Curtis.

</doc>
<doc id="19864114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864114" title="William Beresford Inglis">
William Beresford Inglis

William Beresford Inglis (died 1967) was a Scottish architect. He came from a large family with 6 siblings. His office was in Blythswood Square in Glasgow near his most important work, the Beresford Hotel on Sauchiehall Street (restored in 2003 as residential apartments). He also built 4 cinemas in Glasgow; The Toledo in Muirend, The Vogue in Anniesland, the Boulevard in Knightswood and the Hippodrome in Oatlands. He was helped in this operation by his eldest daughter Margaret Helen Scott Inglis. He died in 1967 in Keighley, Yorkshire. He was survived by his third wife. His first wife died on Arran during a family holiday, and his second wife divorced him and emigrated to New Zealand with the couple's two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19864119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864119" title="HAN University of Applied Sciences">
HAN University of Applied Sciences

The HAN University of Applied Sciences (Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen in Dutch), often abbreviated as HAN, is a vocational university of applied sciences with campuses in Arnhem and Nijmegen in the Netherlands. It offers Bachelor and Master degrees in a wide range of subjects. Arnhem Business School is the international department of HAN University.
Description.
The HAN was established in 1996 after a merger of several other schools. It operates on two campuses - Arnhem and Nijmegen, and has four faculties:
The HAN offers associate degrees, bachelor's degrees and master's degrees. Given the vocational nature of the university, all degrees awarded at the HAN are professional degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="19864123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864123" title="Holmengrå">
Holmengrå

Holmengrå (historically: "Holmengraa") may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19864134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864134" title="Brian Blume">
Brian Blume

Brian J. Blume (born January 12, 1950) is noted for being a business partner of Gary Gygax in TSR, Inc., producers of the fantasy role-playing game, "Dungeons & Dragons".
Biography.
Brian Blume was born January 12, 1950 in Chicago, Illinois. Blume began playing chess at age seven, and "Gettysburg" from Avalon Hill in 1959. He was fascinated by history in junior high school, and got involved in miniature wargaming in high school. Blume was married, but later divorced. He worked as a tool and die maker's apprentice for his father's company for five years.
Blume met Gary Gygax at the Gen Con game convention in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, and later partnered with Gygax and Don Kaye in the TSR enterprise in 1974, with his father Melvin Blume providing the funding to publish the original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set. Blume received a blind mailing in 1975 of the first issue of the monthly newsletter, "Owl and Weasel" from Games Workshop, and he sent Ian Livingstone and Steve Jackson a copy of "Dungeons & Dragons" in return; Livingstone and Jackson felt that this game was more imaginative than anything being produced in the UK at the time, and so they worked out an arrangement with Blume for a three-year exclusive deal to sell "D&D" in Europe. After the death of Kaye in 1976, his widow sold her shares to Gygax. Gygax, now controlling the whole of Tactical Studies Rules, created TSR Hobbies, Inc. with himself as company president. Gygax, coming into financial troubles soon after, sold TSR Hobbies to Brian Blume and his brother Kevin, whom Brian got nominated to TSR's board. Gygax originally held 60% ownership of the new TSR but as part of the reorganization the new partners had to buy out Kaye's widow and pay other fees; as Gygax was unable to contribute a fair share of these costs his ownership eventually dropped to 30% of the company, leaving him a minority stockholder.
Blume authored the "Dungeons & Dragons" supplement "Eldritch Wizardry" with Gygax in 1976, naming the character Vecna as an anagram of Jack Vance. Blume also worked on "The Rogues Gallery". With Gygax, Blume also co-authored the "Warriors of Mars" miniatures wargame adaptation in 1974, and the "Boot Hill" role-playing game in 1975. Blume also authored the "Panzer Warfare" miniatures wargame in 1975.
By 1981, Brian Blume was increasingly unhappy with Gygax's conservative approach to the business, so using their greater stock ownership, the Blume brothers effectively took control of TSR; in 1982, Gygax was forced to step down as CEO of the company and was replaced by Kevin Blume and then forced out to the west coast to deal with potential TV and movie opportunities. After TSR acquired SPI in March 1982, the Blumes declared that they "bought assets but not liabilities", but SPI owed money to the printers who refused to release the plates for printing SPI's games until SPI's debts were repaid. The Blumes expanded more successfully into the book trade with series such as "Endless Quest". The Blumes also expanded TSR into industries such as toy manufacturing, miniature manufacturing, and even the needlecraft business, and finally were working on expanding into the wider entertainment industry as well. The Blumes expanded the company's role-playing lines with Dragonlance and "Marvel Super Heroes".
The Blumes brought in three outside directors from the AMA to increase the Board of Directors to six: a lawyer from a large Milwaukee firm, a personnel officer from a Milwaukee area company, and an owner of a company that made medical equipment, none of whom knew anything about gaming but always voted with the Blumes.
While Gygax was involved in the making of the "Dungeons & Dragons" animated television show and exploring the possibility of a film adaptation of the game, he left the day-to-day operations of TSR to his fellow board members, Kevin and Brian Blume. By the time he came back to Wisconsin in 1984, the company was $1.5 million in debt. In response, Gygax persuaded the board of directors to fire Kevin Blume. The final vote was 4-1, with Brian Blume abstaining. Gygax persuaded Lorraine Williams to invest in TSR, and hired her to manage the company. Williams dismissed the three outside directors, who had been in place for about two years by that time. In 1985, Brian Blume exercised a stock option to return Gygax to a minority position in the company. The Blumes soon sold their stock to Williams, removing Gygax's controlling stake in the company. Brian Blume left TSR after a bitter struggle with Gary Gygax. Gygax sold his remaining stock and left TSR in 1985.
Blume later worked as a cartographer, mostly on numerous White Wolf supplements.

</doc>
<doc id="19864144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864144" title="Jasia Reichardt">
Jasia Reichardt

Jasia Reichardt (born 1933) is a British art critic, curator, and writer.
Career.
Jasia Reichardt was born in Warsaw, Poland, in 1933. In the 1950s she was editor of "Art News and Review", a weekly arts magazine. From 1963 to 1971 she was assistant director of the Institute of Contemporary Arts in London. In 1968 she curated the Cybernetic Serendipity exhibition at the ICA, and was editor of "Cybernetic serendipity: the computer and the arts", a special edition of "Studio International" magazine, which was published at the same time. From 1974 to 1976 Reichardt was a director of the Whitechapel Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19864153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864153" title="Triumph TR65 Thunderbird">
Triumph TR65 Thunderbird

The Triumph TR65 Thunderbird was a motorcycle made by the Triumph worker's co-operative at the Meriden factory from 1981 to 1983. The TR65 was a reintroduction of the Triumph Thunderbird model name first used on the original 6T Thunderbird of 1949.
Development.
The TR65 was a 650 cc parallel twin with a short-stroke version of the 750 cc T140 Bonneville engine. This made the engine livelier with a better throttle response and with maximum torque produced at higher engine speeds. The TR65 also has a single 30 mm Amal carburettor and a mild cam.
Aimed at the economy market, it was cheaper to insure than the T140 and could return . Costs were reduced by having a single silencer, using points instead of electronic ignition and using a drum rear brake instead of the more expensive disc brake. Instead of a tachometer, the warning lights and ignition switch were housed in the right hand pod of the instrument binnacle. Cycle parts, including the Girling rear suspension units, were painted in satin black rather than being chromed or polished and the exhaust system was black chromed to match. Dunlop Gold Seal economy tyres were fitted instead of the more expensive Avon Roadrunners specified for the 750 roadster range. Triumph included newly introduced European components such as German ULO direction indicators and Italian Radaelli wheel rims and Paioli petrol taps. The original 'paper dart' Thunderbird logo designed by Edward Turner for the first Thunderbirds in 1949 was retained on the side panel badge as a reminder of the model's lineage.
Although produced in a USA variant with a 2 gallon tank and high handlebars as compared to the 4 gallon tank, with low handlebars the UK and the rest of the world, no TR65 was ever exported to the United States because, as with the 750 cc TR7V Tiger, from mid-1978 on, the fitted Amal Mk 1 carburettor offended that country's Environmental Protection Agency's regulations. The TR65 was exported to Western Europe and to British Commonwealth countries including Australia, Canada and New Zealand, albeit in small numbers.
A TR65S Thunderbird model was one factory-fitted with the electronic ignition and electric starter options. A TR65S fitted with after-market Hedingham leading link front forks carried Richard and Mopsa English and a Squire sidecar around the world from 1982 to 1986. The journey is detailed in their book, "Full Circle," and the TR65S combination used has been on display at the London Motorcycle Museum since 2010.
Models.
All UK/RoW TR65 models were to come with the newly designed, Italian-sourced, 4 gallon fuel tank (pictured) but in his 2009 book Save the Triumph Bonneville!'" former Triumph chairman, John Rosamond, details shortages of this part meant that the older 4 gallon 'breadbin'-style tank was initially used.
A trail version with electronic ignition, the Tiger Trail, was also introduced in 1981 but together with the earlier 750 cc version was dropped from the range due to poor sales in late 1982, perhaps understandable given that it was priced the same as the 750 cc version.
According to Triumph's 1982/3 range brochure the cycle parts of that season's 'USA' styled Thunderbird dispensed with the satin black finish, instead adopting bright chrome, polished alloy, a tachometer, twin bright-chromed exhausts and Marzocchi rear suspension units which came with black springs as standard. The UK version added the twin exhausts, Marzocchis suspension and a tachometer but retained the satin black cycle parts of the 1981/2 models. Whilst both versions retained their contact breaker points ignition, they were now, like the 750 cc models, shod with Avon Roadrunner tyres. There were price differentials for 1982 USA and UK/RoW styles.
Ten TR65 were specially ordered from Meriden and modified as Dernys for bicycle speed trials work/pace bikes at the Leicester Velodrome although they were since located at London's Herne Hill facility.
Planned for 1984 and styled after the T140 TSX, a custom model and further sleeved-down TR60 600 cc Thunderbird was exhibited but not produced, the co-operative closing down towards the end of 1983. The new 600cc engine's bore and stroke was 76mm x 66mm with a compression ratio of 8.5:1. Electric starting came as standard with no kick start fitted. These were aimed at the newly qualified rider for whom the cost of insuring Triumph's larger models was too expensive.
The prototype Thunderbird 600 was converted by the factory into a conventional kick start TR65 to fulfil a Ministry of Defence order. From the Meriden Triumph factory production records held by the Vintage Motor Cycle Club, that TR65 (the black model pictured), made on 1 June 1983, was the last 650 cc motorcycle and the second to last motorcycle made at Meriden before the factory's closure that August.
The red model pictured, from the National Motorcycle Museum, was originally sent by Triumph to dealers, Chatmans of Evesham at the end of June 1981 and registered in mid August that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19864167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864167" title="More (Matthew West song)">
More (Matthew West song)

"More" is a song written and performed by contemporary Christian musician Matthew West from his first album, "Happy". Released in late 2003, it was the first and most successful radio single of West's career to date. The song stayed at #1 on Christian radio for nine consecutive weeks during 2004, breaking the previous record of eight weeks. In 2004 it was the most-played contemporary Christian song of the year.
By request of astronaut Rex J. Walheim, "More" was played during the Day 5 wake-up call aboard STS-135, NASA's last Space Shuttle flight.
Release.
"More" was released as a radio single at the very end of 2003, near the time of Matthew West's debut album "Happy" on December 26. It remained at number-one on "Radio & Records"' Christian AC chart for nine consecutive weeks during 2004, breaking the previous record of eight weeks. No other new artist's debut single had received as much chart success since April 2001 when, "R&R" began reporting Christian music chart information. According to "R&R", it was the most-played Christian AC song of the year in 2004. The single was named Christian Song of the Year in 2003. "More" is also featuring the compilation album "WOW Hits 2005".
Awards.
In 2005, the song was nominated for two Dove Awards: Song of the Year and Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year, at the 36th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19864174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864174" title="Nevada State Route 167">
Nevada State Route 167

State Route 167 was a road that ran along the west shore of Lake Mead.
Route description.
SR 167 started at SR 147 inside the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. The road went east along Lake Mead's shore. It eventually turned north near Echo Bay. A road branched SR 167 and led to Echo Bay Airport, and another road led to Overton Beach on Lake Mead. The road turned west and quickly reached its northeastern terminus at SR 169.

</doc>
<doc id="19864198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864198" title="Katharsis (album)">
Katharsis (album)

Katharsis - Czesław Niemen's concept album released in 1976. Whole concept is about dead ends and traps on the road of expanding human civilization and space exploration. This album was recorded only by Czesław Niemen, without help of any other musician. 
Track ""Epitafium (Pamięci Piotra)"" is dedicated to drummer Piotr Dziemski, who helped to record previous Niemen's album "Aerolit" and died in 1975 .

</doc>
<doc id="19864201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864201" title="Mega-D botnet">
Mega-D botnet

The Mega-D, also known by its alias of Ozdok, is a botnet that at its peak was responsible for sending 32% of spam worldwide.
On October 14, 2008, the U.S Federal Trade Commission, in cooperation with Marshal Software, tracked down the owners of the botnet and froze their assets.
On November 6, 2009, security company FireEye, Inc. disabled the Mega-D botnet by disabling its command and control structure. This was akin to the Srizbi botnet takedown in late 2008. The Mega-D/Ozdok takedown involved coordination of dozens of Internet service providers, domain name registrars, and non-profit organizations like Shadowserver. M86 Security researchers estimated the take down had an immediate effect on the spam from the botnet. On November 9, 2009, the spam had stopped altogether, although there was a very small trickle over the weekend, directed to a couple of small UK-based domains that they monitored.
Since then the botnet bounced back, exceeding pre-takedown levels by Nov. 22, and constituting 17% of worldwide spam by Dec. 13.
In July 2010, researchers from University of California, Berkeley published a model of Mega-D's protocol state-machine, revealing the internals of the proprietary protocol for the first time. The protocol was obtained through automatic Reverse Engineering technique developed by the Berkeley researchers. Among other contributions, their research paper reveals a flaw in the Mega-D protocol allowing template milking, i.e., unauthorized spam template downloading. Such a flaw could be used to acquire spam templates and train spam filters before spam hits the network.
Arrest.
In November 2010, Oleg Nikolaenko was arrested in Las Vegas, Nevada by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and charged with violations of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. Nikolaenko is suspected of operating the Mega-D botnet to create a "zombie network" of as many as 500,000 infected computers.

</doc>
<doc id="19864203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864203" title="Hickman Community Hospital">
Hickman Community Hospital

Hickman Community Hospital is a not-for-profit hospital in Centerville, Tennessee, United States.
It was the first hospital in Tennessee to qualify as a Critical Access Hospital. Its specialty clinics include eye care, gastroenterology, cardiology, urology and orthopedics. Complete ancillary services consist of physical therapy, cardiopulmonary services with full pulmonary function testing, and radiology with CAT scan and echocardiography capabilities.
Hickman Community Hospital is part of Hickman Community Health Services, which employs approximately 150 people and includes a nursing home (ICF), two physician clinics, an affiliated home health agency, and an outpatient geriatric psychiatry program.
Hickman Community Hospital is part of Saint Thomas Health Services which also includes Saint Thomas Hospital, Baptist Hospital in Nashville, and Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro. Saint Thomas Health Services is part of Ascension Health, the largest Catholic health care system in the United States.
History.
Hickman Community Hospital was established in 1964 as Hickman County Hospital through a land donation by the Huddleston family of Centerville, Tennessee, and Federal Hill-Burton Funds.
Over its history, Hickman Community Hospital has expanded its services to include a local home health program and become the first hospital in Tennessee to qualify as a Critical Access Hospital. In 1996, Baptist Hospital purchased the hospital. In January 2002, Hickman Community Hospital became a member of Saint Thomas Health Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19864210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864210" title="Robert Mitchell (priest)">
Robert Mitchell (priest)

The Very Rev Robert Andrew Mitchell was Dean of Lincoln from 1930 to 1949. Born in 1870, he was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and ordained in 1893. His first post was as a Curate at St Mary-at-the-Walls, Colchester, after which he was Vicar of Vicar of Highfield in Hampshire then St Michael, Chester Square, before his appointment to the Deanery.

</doc>
<doc id="19864214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864214" title="List of Texas Rangers Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Texas Rangers Opening Day starting pitchers

The Texas Rangers are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in Arlington, Texas. They play in the American League West division. The Rangers played their first 11 seasons, from 1961 to 1971, as the Washington Senators, one of three different major league teams to use the name. In Washington, D.C., the Senators played their home games at Griffith Stadium for their inaugural season before moving to Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium the following season. The team moved to Texas in 1972, and played their home games at Arlington Stadium until 1993. The team's current home, Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, has been the Rangers' home field since the start of the 1994 season. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day.
The Senators/Rangers have used 29 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 51 seasons. The 29 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 18 wins, 25 losses and 8 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game or if the starting pitcher pitches fewer than five innings. Of the 7 no decisions, the Rangers went on to win five and lose three of those games, for a team record on Opening Day of 23 wins and 28 losses.
Three Texas Rangers Opening Day pitchers—Ferguson Jenkins, Gaylord Perry and Nolan Ryan—have been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
The Senators' first Opening Day starting pitcher was Dick Donovan, who was credited with the loss against the Chicago White Sox in the game played at Griffith Stadium with President John F. Kennedy throwing out the ceremonial first pitch. Though the Senators ended the with a 61–100 record, 47½ games out of first place, Donovan ended the season leading the American League with a 2.40 ERA.
In 1962, the team moved to District of Columbia Stadium (renamed Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium in 1969), with Bennie Daniels on the mound for Opening Day. President Kennedy attended the Opening Day game, as the Senators defeated the Detroit Tigers by a score of 4–1. The Senators, and their starting pitchers, lost their next eight Opening Day games. Dick Bosman started on Opening Day for the Senators in 1971, their last season in Washington, D.C., and led the Senators to an 8–0 victory over Vida Blue and the Oakland Athletics.
The Rangers advanced to the playoffs in 1996, 1998 and 1999. In each of those three seasons the Rangers faced the New York Yankees in the Divisional Series and lost. In 1996, Ken Hill was the Opening Day starter in a 5–3 win over the Boston Red Sox. In the 1996 American League Division Series, John Burkett started and won the opening game of the series by a 6–2 score, the only game the Rangers won in the series. Burkett was the Opening Day starter in 1998, in a game the Rangers lost 9–2 to the Chicago White Sox. In the 1998 American League Division Series, Todd Stottlemyre started and lost the first game of the series, which the Yankees swept in three games. Rick Helling was the Opening Day starter in 1999, losing 11–5 to the Detroit Tigers. In the 1999 American League Division Series, Aaron Sele was the starter in the opening game of the series, with the Rangers again swept by the Yankees.
Kevin Millwood has pitched four consecutive Opening Day starts, in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. Two other Rangers pitchers have pitched three consecutive Opening Day starts: Charlie Hough in 1987, 1988 and 1989 and Nolan Ryan in 1990, 1991 and 1992.
Charlie Hough has the most Opening Day starts for the Rangers, with six, and has a record of three wins and one loss. Ken Hill and Kenny Rogers both won both of their decisions, for a perfect 2–0 record. Six other pitchers won their only decision. Kevin Millwood and Dick Bosman each lost three of their four Opening Day starts for the Rangers. Pete Richert, Camilo Pascual and Rick Helling each lost both of their starts. Nine pitchers have lost their only start.
Overall, the Rangers' Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 3 wins and 2 losses at Milwaukee County Stadium and 1 win and 0 losses at Miller Park. The Rangers' Opening Day starting pitchers' combined home record is 4 wins and 2 losses, and their away record 10 wins and 10 losses.
Pitchers.
Opening Day starting pitchers are listed in descending order by the number of Opening Day starts for the Senators/Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="19864235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864235" title="Perugia (disambiguation)">
Perugia (disambiguation)

Perugia is a city in central Italy, the capital of Umbria.
Perugia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19864243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864243" title="DJMax Portable Clazziquai Edition">
DJMax Portable Clazziquai Edition

DJMax Portable Clazziquai Edition (DJMAX Portable Clazziquai Edition, DMP:CE; Korean: 디제이맥스 포터블 클래지콰이 에디션) is a music video game published and developed by Pentavision in South Korea for the PlayStation Portable released on October 20, 2008. This is the third title for the PlayStation Portable from in the DJMax Portable series after DJMax Portable 2. The game features songs from the Korean band Clazziquai.
Features.
This version includes new songs from DJMax Technika, 015B, BJJ, and from Clazziquai's 2008 mini album Metrotronics. Two additional modes have been revealed for the game called 2B and 4BFX.
Off, Unique, Heavy, Pops, and Jazz.
Platinum Crew Patch.
Players who were members of Platinum Crew (a premium service dealing with DJMax) were given a game patch for Clazziquai edition that can be turned on or off, once in effect the Patch gives these changes:

</doc>
<doc id="19864249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864249" title="House to House Heart to Heart">
House to House Heart to Heart

House to House Heart to Heart (HTH) is a bi-monthly American magazine. HTH is a customizable, 8 page, color, Christian magazine that works exclusively with Churches of Christ. The publication is printed every 2 months for a total of 6 issues a year and is directly mailed into homes. Each issue contains gospel lessons, and biblical stories. HTH is printed in English and Spanish.
HTH is under the oversight of the elders at the Jacksonville church of Christ in Jacksonville, AL. Allen Webster is the managing editor. Luke Griffin is Director of Operations.
History.
HTH started in 1994 with one congregation mailing out 1,000 copies. The editors are currently working with 2,200 churches to send out around 2,800,000 copies into households each issue.
Circulation.
The magazine has an online archive with the text for every article published. The articles are indexed by volume and issue number.

</doc>
<doc id="19864279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864279" title="1973 Singapore Grand Prix">
1973 Singapore Grand Prix

The 1973 Singapore Grand Prix was a race held at the Thomson Road Grand Prix circuit on 22 April 1973. It was the final Singapore Grand Prix before the cancellation of the event, which resumed in 2008 as a round of the Formula One World Championship. The race was contested over 50 laps and was won by Vern Schuppan driving a March. The race was run to Australian Formula Two rules.
Report.
Background.
John MacDonald had a brand new Brabham BT40 delivered to him for the race. However, his team ran into difficulty due to fuel pick-up problems with the new car.
In the 1972 event, the 28 year old Singaporean driver Lionel Chan was involved in an accident which saw his car roll into a ditch on the fourth lap after losing a wheel and hitting an official car. He was taken to hospital but fell into a coma and later died. The circuit was considered dangerous and the Singaporean Minister of Social Affairs, Encik Othman Wok, stated, "I'll be the happiest man when we get a permanent circuit."
Race.
Schuppan was leading Malcolm Ramsay's Birrana when Schuppan's March kicked up some stones, puncturing Ramsay's fuel tank and covering him in petrol.
Aftermath.
During a support race for touring cars, Swiss driver Joe Huber went off the track into a lamp post. He died six days later as a result of his injuries. The difficulty of implementing adequate safety measures, along with concerns that the Grand Prix was promoting reckless driving, led to motor racing being banned in Singapore after the 1973 Grand Prix. Other contributory factors have been suggested, including an increase in traffic, the inconvenience of having to close roads for the event and also a surge of oil prices stemming from the Suez Crisis. On average the Grand Prix saw one fatality per year, partly due to the nature of the circuit which featured monsoon drains and bus stops. Graeme Lawrence, a three time winner of the Singapore Grand Prix, believed that the Thomson Road circuit was one of the most dangerous in the world.
A permanent track incorporating a sports complex was proposed as a replacement for the Thomson Road circuit, but this did not come to fruition.

</doc>
<doc id="19864284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864284" title="Eric Sibley">
Eric Sibley

Eric Seymour Sibley (17 November 1915 – 1996) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Bournemouth, Blackpool, Grimsby Town and Chester.
Playing career.
Blackpool.
Sibley joined Blackpool from Bournemouth during the second half of the 1937–38 season, and made his debut on 29 January in a single-goal victory at Leicester City. He went on to appear in the remaining fifteen games of the campaign.
The following season, 1938–39, Sibley started 29 of Blackpool's 42 league games, before World War II intervened. In 1945–46, Sibley made six guest appearances for Southampton.
After the conclusion of the war, in 1945–46, Sibley made six appearances for Blackpool in the Football League North.
In Sibley's final season at Bloomfield Road, 1946–47, he made 37 league appearances, as well as making his debut for "the Tangerines" in the FA Cup. His final game for the club occurred on 7 April, a 3–0 home defeat by Everton. He was sold to Grimsby Town.
Grimsby Town.
In two years at Blundell Park, Sibley made 23 league appearances.
Chester City.
Sibley finished his professional career with Chester City in 1950 after seven league appearances for the club. He left to become player-manager at a Lytham St Annes-based club.

</doc>
<doc id="19864287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864287" title="Hapoel Bnei Tamra F.C.">
Hapoel Bnei Tamra F.C.

Hapoel Bnei Tamra Football Club (, ) was an Israeli football club based in Tamra.
History.
During the 1980s the club played in Liga Alef (then the third division), but were relegated to Liga Bet in 1988. The following season they dropped into Liga Gimel. In 1995 they were promoted back to Liga Bet, but were relegated again in 1997.
In 2003 the club returned to Liga Bet. In 2004-05 they won the North B division of Liga Bet, and were promoted to Liga Alef. The following season the club won the North Division of Liga Alef, and was promoted to Liga Artzit. In the 2008-09 season they were relegated to Liga Alef. In the 2009–10 season, the club finished 14th in Liga Alef North, which was one place above the relegation zone. However, shortly after the end of the season, the Israel Football Association demoted the club to Liga Bet due to involvement in match-fixing. The club did not enter Liga Bet in the following season, and folded.

</doc>
<doc id="19864305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864305" title="Farming Today">
Farming Today

Farming Today is a radio programme broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the United Kingdom.
Transmission.
It is broadcast each weekday (but pre-recorded the day before) between 5.45 and 6.00 a.m. and a longer programme is broadcast on Saturdays ("Farming Today This Week") from 06.35 – 7.00 a.m. Around one million people listen to the programme. Margaret Thatcher and other Prime Ministers have been regular listeners.
History.
It began as a 15-minute programme in September 1960 broadcast at 7:15 am on Network Three (from Holme Moss, Pontop Pike, Douglas and Sandale only) in the north of England, which was the educational broadcasting network of the BBC Third Programme. In mid-1961 it moved to 07.00. Also from 1962 on the Home Service (later to become Radio 4) was the ten-minute "Farm Bulletin" at 06.40. By 1964, Network 3 had become the Third Network and the programme had moved to 07.45. 
In late August 1964 it moved to its present position on the BBC Home Service, replacing the ten-minute Farm Bulletin, starting at 06.35. On a Saturday it was still 15 minutes, at the same time, but there was the half-hour "On Your Farm" from 07.15 (now from 06.35-06.57 on Sundays). In October 1967, the Home Service became Radio 4. From the early 1970s, it was also carried at the same time by Radio Wales.
In 1974 it moved to 06.22, then to 06.10 in 1978, directly before the Shipping Forecast at 06.25, later followed by "Prayer for the Day" in the 1980s. 
In early April 1998, when the Radio 4 schedule was largely spruced up, the programme moved to its current time of 05.45, directly preceded by "Prayer for the Day".
Content.
It explores issues of current concern to farmers, fishermen and others with an interest in countryside issues. It does include many topics about the relationship between ecology (sustainable production methods or organic farming) and farmers, but will look at topics from a farmer's point of view.
Farmers, environmentalists, politicians, the Soil Association and National Farmers Union leaders are amongst those regularly interviewed for the programme. 
Range of topics.
Recent topics have included
Presenters.
The programme's current presenters include Anna Hill Charlotte Smith Caz Graham and Sarah Swadling.

</doc>
<doc id="19864313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864313" title="Alonzo Ephraim">
Alonzo Ephraim

Alonzo Brandon Ephraim (born November 8, 1981 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an arena football offensive lineman for the New York Dragons of the Arena Football League, as well as Team Alabama of the All American Football League. He played college football at Alabama.
Ephraim was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles in 2003. In his career he has also played for the Miami Dolphins and Cleveland Browns. In 2006, while with the Browns, he was suspended four games for violating the league's substance-abuse policy, after which he was waived by the Browns.
On July 27, 2007, Ephraim signed with the All American Football League to play for Team Alabama when the league began play.
High school career.
Ephraim attended Wenonah High School, where he played Center on offense and Defensive End on defense. He was also the starting Center on the school's basketball team as well. He also was on the baseball and track teams as well. In 1998, as a senior he was selected as the Class 6A Offesnive Lineman of the Year. As well, he was also a Super 12 (All-State) team Honorable mention, along with future college teammates Dante Ellington and Saleem Rasheed. When he graduated he had a 3.2 GPA.
College career.
Ephraim received interest from schools such as Alabama, Michigan, UCLA, Notre Dame, Georgia Tech, Nebraska. In the end, he chose Alabama. As a true freshman, he appeared in just two games, for a total of 29 plays. He then played as a back-up for every game as a sophomore. He became a starter as a junior and played 708 plays that season, the most among Alabama offensive linemen, he also recorded 118 knock-down blocks. He was a Second-team All-America selection his senior year. He was also an All-SEC selection as a junior. As a senior he was one of seven Alabama players selected as All-SEC. As a senior he was named to the Rimington Trophy watchlist.
Professional career.
National Football League.
Ephraim went unselected in the 2003 NFL Draft, however signed as undrafted free agent with the Philadelphia Eagles and played in 16 games as a rookie. In 2004, he played in 13 games with two starts at Right Guard two for the Eagles. He was then released on April 28, 2005. On August 2, 2005, he signed with the Miami Dolphins. In his lone season with the Dolphins, he played in 13 games, with three starts. Then in 2006, he signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Cleveland Browns but was suspended for four games for violating the league's substance-abuse policy. He was then waived after he completed his suspension. Over his four-year NFL career, he played in 43 total games.
Arena Football League.
On April 24, 2008, Ephraim signed with the New York Dragons of the Arena Football League and played in three games as a rookie.
All American Football League.
At the All American Football League's national try-outs held on July 27, 2007, Ephraim along with fellow Alabama alumi's Reggie Myles, and Marcus Spencer signed with the league to play for Team Alabama. However, the league postponed their inaugural season until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19864317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864317" title="Narmedeshwor">
Narmedeshwor

Narmedeshwor is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1610 living in 285 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864320" title="Lagoda">
Lagoda

The Lagoda is a half-scale model of the whaling ship of the same name, located at the New Bedford Whaling Museum.
Original ship.
The original "Lagoda" was a merchant ship built in 1826 in the Wanton Shipyard on the North River (Massachusetts Bay)North River in what is now Norwell, Massachusetts. The shipyard was owned and managed by shipbuilders Seth and Samuel Foster. She was commissioned by Duxbury merchant Ezra Weston II.
Originally intended to be named ""Ladoga"" after Lake Ladoga in Russia, the letters "d" and "g" were accidentally swapped and, due to superstition that correcting the name would bring bad luck, she remained the ""Lagoda"". The frame of the ship was constructed of live oak. She was a three-masted ship of 340 tons.
Weston employed the Lagoda for about seven years as a merchant vessel in trade with northern European ports. On February 25, 1833, Weston sold the Lagoda to Boston merchant William Oliver. In 1841, she was purchased by Jonathan Bourne of New Bedford and converted to a whaling ship. The most significant aspect of the refit was the addition of a trywork - an on-board hearth to convert blubber into whale oil.
In 1860, the ship was converted to a barque - both to reduce the crew needed, and as it allowed the ship to sail closer to the wind.
In 1871, the "Lagoda" was among 40 ships whaling in the Arctic. Toward the end of the season, the ice began to surround the ships, and crushed 33 of them. The "Lagoda" narrowly escaped and, with the remaining ships, picked up some of the 1200 survivors.
In total, the ship made almost $652,000 of profit for Bourne until he sold her in 1886. She sailed from the United States in 1889 and worked as a coal hulk, being used to fuel steamboats in Yokohama, Japan until she was sold again and eventually broken up in 1899.
Replica.
In 1915, Jonathan's daughter Emily donated the Bourne Building to the New Bedford Whaling Museum in memory of her father, and the Museum commissioned shipwrights to build the half-size model of the "Lagoda" in 1916. with funds also provided by Emily. At 89 feet in length, it remains the largest whaling ship model in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19864378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864378" title="423rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle Regiment">
423rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle Regiment

The 423rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle Regiment was a regiment of the Soviet Army and Russian Ground Forces from 1942 to 2009. For most of the postwar period it formed part of the 4th Guards Kantemirovskaya Tank Division.
History.
The 31st Motorised Brigade was formed in June 1942 and included in structure of the 17th Tank Corps.
On 2 January 1943 the brigade has been renamed as the 3rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle of Suvorov and Kutuzov's awards of II degree a regiment.
Within three years of participation in the German-Soviet War, the brigade fought from the Don to Elba, from Voronezh to walls of Prague, putting the big damage to the opponent in inhabited force and the technician. For courage and heroism a rank of the Hero of Soviet Union have received - 19 persons, two military men twice.
Since 11 September 1945 a place of a constant disposition of a regiment - Naro-Fominsk, Moscow Region.
On 5 May 1957 the regiment is renamed in 423rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle of Suvorov and Kutuzov's awards of II degree a regiment.
The regiment has grown up 12 commanders of divisions, 2 deputy ministers of defence.
Since 11 September 1999 - 28 March 2000 The regimental tactical group 423rd rgt. carried out of a problem on constitutional order prompting in territory to the Chechen republic. 
The Regiment participated in the assault of the city of Grozny, the battle for the village of Komsomolskoye. Loss of the regiment were 27 people.
In 2000, 2001, 2002 the regiment admitted the best regiment in Moscow Military District.
On 21 June the part celebrates an annual holiday of formation of a regiment.
The regiment was disbanded in April 2009.
Last Structure.
As of 2007, the Yampolsky Regiment consisted of the following units:
Personnel and Equipment.
The 423rd Guards Yampolsky Motor Rifle Regiment had approximately 1692 personnel in active service.
Equipment Summary

</doc>
<doc id="19864383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864383" title="Agnel Ashram">
Agnel Ashram

The Father Agnel Ashram is a charitable institution in India. Founded under the inspiration and guidance of the Father Conceicao Rodrigues, the movement started with an orphanage and a trade school in carpentry. Today, under the guidance of Agnel Ashram Fathers, it caters to full fledged schools, industrial training centres, polytechnics, engineering colleges at the bachelor and post graduate levels and a School of Management and has spread its wings with large technical complexes at Bandra in Mumbai, Verna in Goa, New Delhi, Noida, Ambernath, Vashi in Navi Mumbai and in Pune.
History.
It was founded in June 1957 in the Land's End neighborhood of Bandra, a suburb of Mumbai. The ashram was started with the aim of fostering love and understanding among the peoples of the nation through the use of education and charity. It was named after the Ven. Fr. Agnel De Souza, a Catholic priest from Goa, who died in 1927.
Timeline.
Starting at the preschool level, the school takes the student through graduation and postgraduation.

</doc>
<doc id="19864390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864390" title="Hapoel Bnei Jadeidi F.C.">
Hapoel Bnei Jadeidi F.C.

Hapoel Bnei Jadeidi Football Club () is an Israeli football club based in Jadeidi-Makr. They are currently in Liga Gimel and play at the Jadeidi Stadium in Jadeidi-Makr. During their spell in Liga Artzit, they played at the Municipal Stadium in Nahariya, in which they shared with Hapoel Nahariya, Beitar Nahariya.
History.
In 2003-04 the club won the North A Division of Liga Bet and were promoted to Liga Alef. In 2006-07 they won the North Division of Liga Alef, and were promoted to Liga Artzit. The following season they finished third in Liga Artzit, one place below the promotion places.
At the end of the 2008-09 season they were relegated to Liga Alef, and in 2010 dropped into Liga Bet after finishing second bottom of their division. Just a season later in 2011 they were demoted again, this time to Liga Gimel after finishing last in Liga Bet.

</doc>
<doc id="19864414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864414" title="Grandpa Never Lies">
Grandpa Never Lies

Grandpa Never Lies is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson. It was first published in 2000.
Plot summary.
A young girl describes her special relationship with her grandfather over four seasons. The Grandfather tells imaginative tales in response to her questions. Each tale is followed by her refrain of "And Grandpa never lies, so I know it's so". Then Grandma suddenly dies and the little girl and her grandfather mourn together.
Reception.
Alicia Eames reviewing for the School Library Journal said that "the lyrical language and engaging use of imagery are worth noting. Richly hued acrylic illustrations complement the mood of the text moving smoothly from bright and fanciful to dark and somber. Suitable for read-alouds, but perhaps even better for sharing individually." Lauren Peterson reviewing for Booklist said "despite the death, this is an upbeat, joyous story of an intergenerational relationship that will strike a chord with many children. Stevenson's acrylic pictures are done in an appealing painterly style, with obvious brushstrokes and interesting use of color and line."

</doc>
<doc id="19864419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864419" title="French frigate Magicienne (1778)">
French frigate Magicienne (1778)

The Magicienne was a frigate of the French Navy, lead ship of her class. The British captured her in 1781 and she served with the Royal Navy until her crew burned her in 1810 to prevent her capture after she grounded at Isle de France (now Mauritius). During her service with the Royal Navy she captured several privateers and participated in the Battle of San Domingo.
French service and capture.
"Magicienne" was built to a design by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb at Toulon. She was the first of 12 vessels built to her design.
She served in Orvilliers' fleet under captain Brun de Boades. captured her on 2 September 1781 off Cape Ann. In the action the French lost 60 men killed and 40 wounded; the British lost one man killed and one man wounded. She was described as being of 800 tons, 36 guns and 280 men.
She was subsequently taken to Halifax and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS "Magicienne". The British commissioned "Magicienne" under Thomas Graves, on the North America station. He then sailed her to Jamaica in December.
British service.
On 15 July 1782, "Magicienne" and captured three French merchant vessels carrying sugar from Martinique to Europe. These were the ship "Tea Bloom", the snow "Balmboom", and the brig "Juno". "Juno" was also carrying rum.
On 2 January 1783, "Magicienne", met the "Sibylle". The ships fought inconclusively, reducing each other to wrecks before parting. In September 1783 "Magicienne" was paid off and fitted for ordinary at Chatham on 30 October.
French Revolutionary Wars.
On 29 April "Magicienne" was in company with "Aquilon", "Diamond", "Minerva", "Syren", "Camilla", and "Childers", when "Acquilon" captured the "Mary".
On 1 November 1796, "Magicienne", under the command of Captain William Henry Ricketts, captured the French corvette "Cerf Volant" ("Enseigne de Vaisseau" Camau), off San Domingo. "Cerf Volant" was flying a flag of truce and had on board a midshipman and several British seamen, prisoners from , to give the appearance that "Cerf Volant" was a cartel. She was carrying delegates from the Southern Department of St. Domingo to the French Legislative Body, and hidden dispatches for the Directory General, that a search the next day uncovered. The hidden dispatches violated the truce flag and made "Cerf Volant" a legitimate prize. The search also uncovered a box of money.
In early 1797, captured two privateers named "Poisson Volant". One was armed with 12 guns and had a crew of 80 men, and the other was armed with five guns and had a crew of 50 men. One was captured on 13 January, and the other on 16 February. Bounty bills (head money) was paid in September 1827. A later account narrates that "Poisson Volant" was a Dutch privateer, out of Curacao, and that "Magicienne" sent her into Jamaica to be condemned as a prize.
In late 1797 or early 1798, "Magicienne", the troopship , and the brig-sloop captured the French privateer "Brutus", of nine guns.
After the crew of mutinied and murdered her captain, Hugh Pigot, in 1797, "Magicienne" was involved in the efforts to capture the mutineers and bring them to trial.
On 23 November 1800 Captain Sir Richard Strachan in chased a French convoy in to the Morbihan where it sheltered under the protection of shore batteries and a 24-gun corvette. "Magicienne" was able to force the corvette "Réolaise" onto the shore at Port Navale. The hired armed cutters "Suworow", "Nile" and "Lurcher" then towed in four boats with a cutting-out party of seamen and marines from "Captain" and "Magicienne". Although the cutting-out party landed under heavy grape and small arms fire, it was able to set the corvette on fire; shortly thereafter "Réolaise" blew up. Only one British seaman, a crewman from "Suworow", was killed. However, "Suworow's" sails and rigging were so badly cut up that "Captain" had to tow her.
Napoleonic Wars.
On 24 July 1804 , while in company with "Magicienne", captured the "Agnela".
Early in March 1805, "Magicienne" and sent two boats each, under the command of Lieutenant John Kelly Tudor of "Reindeer", to cut out a 4-gun schooner from under a battery in Aguadilla Bay, Puerto Rico.
In 1806, while under the command of Captain Adam Mackenzie, she cruised in the Caribbean. On 25 January 1806, "Magicienne" was in company with "Penguin" in the Mona Passage when "Magicienne" captured the Spanish packet ship "Carmen" after a chase of 12 hours. "Carmen" was pierced for 14 guns but carrying only two, and had a crew of 18 men under the command of an officer of the same rank as a commander in the British Navy.
"Magicienne" joined John Thomas Duckworth's squadron on 5 February, which led to her taking part in the Battle of San Domingo. Duckworth sent "Magicienne" and to reconnoitre, and it was they that signaled that the French were at anchor, but getting under way. Duckworth formed up the smaller ships, "Acasta", "Magicienne", and , windward of the line-of-battle ships to keep them out of the action.
On 8 February Duckworth sent boats from "Acasta" and "Magicienne" to the wrecks. Boarding unopposed, the boat parties removed the remaining French crewmen as prisoners and set both ships on fire. Lastly, in 1847 the Admiralty awarded the surviving claimants from the action the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "St. Domingo".
In December 1809, "Magicienne" served in the Indian Ocean. During the Mauritius campaign of 1809–1811, the French Navy captured the East Indiaman "Windham" in the Action of 18 November 1809 but the newly arrived "Magicienne" under Captain Lucius Curtis recaptured her on 29 December 1809.
Loss.
In March 1810, "Magicienne" was part of a frigate squadron comprising and , later joined by "Nereide" and .
The summer of 1810 saw a campaign against the French Indian Ocean possessions; The Île de Bourbon (Réunion) was captured in July. In August, attention was turned to Mauritius, where the British attempted to land troops to destroy coastal batteries and signals around Grand Port; the attempt turned sour, however, when two French forty-gun frigates, "Bellone" and "Minerve", the 18-gun corvette "Victor", and two East Indiaman prizes entered the harbour and took up defensive positions at the head of the main entrance channel. The French also moved the channel markers to confuse the British approach.
In the run-up to the battle, "Sirius" re-captured "Windham", which the French had captured a second time in the Action of 3 July 1810. On the 23 August 1810 the British squadron entered the channel at Grand Port. "Sirius" was the first to run aground, followed by "Magicienne" and "Néréide". "Iphigenia" prudently anchored in the channel some distance from the action. The French vessels concentrated all their gunfire first against "Néréide" and then against "Magicienne".
The battle continued without interruption all night and on the 24 August the French boarded the defenceless "Néréide". Once the French flag was hoisted on what was left of the foremast of the "Néréide", "Magicienne" and the "Sirius" began an intense cross fire against their enemies. Still, in the evening her crew had to abandon "Magicienne", setting her on fire as they left her. "Magicienne" lost eight men killed and 20 wounded.
The battle cost the British all four frigates, including "Ipehinia" and "Sirius".

</doc>
<doc id="19864425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864425" title="Edinburgh Corn Exchange">
Edinburgh Corn Exchange

The Edinburgh Corn Exchange is a conference, banqueting, wedding, sports and live music venue in the Chesser suburb of Edinburgh, Scotland. The maximum dinner capacity is 1000 guests and for concerts 3000 spectators.
History.
The building was erected in 1909 as a corn exchange, and was designed by the City Superintendent of Works, James A. Williamson. It is a category B listed building. It was restored to its former glory by Marcos (a family run Edinburgh Business) and opened in 1992.
The neighbouring Corn Exchange Village has facilities such as ten pin bowling, 5-a-side and 7-a-side football pitches, and a sports bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19864442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864442" title="Kobo whale">
Kobo whale

Kobo is the skeleton of a juvenile Blue whale which was accidentally struck and killed by a tanker and was brought ashore in Rhode Island in March 1998. KOBO (named for "King of the Blue Ocean" by New Bedford student Katie Hallett) is the centerpiece of the New Bedford Whaling Museum’s entrance gallery. Sharing the dramatic space with KOBO is a 33-foot humpback whale skeleton.
History.
In March 1998, a rare blue whale (one of only 500 or so in the north Atlantic) apparently was killed when it surfaced under a ship near Nova Scotia and was struck in the jaw by the propeller. In stormy conditions, the dead whale was then struck by another tanker which unknowingly carried the whale across its bow into Narragansett Bay, where it was spotted by a pilot boat and identified. Brought ashore in Rhode Island, it attracted the attention of the international media and the scientific community. The National Marine Fisheries Service placed the skeleton in the care of the New Bedford Whaling Museum to be prepared for eventual display, free to the public, in the planned new lobby gallery.
It is one of only three on display in the world and allows the Museum to make the connection to the need for conservation of endangered whales.
The carcass of the , 4-year-old male was initially delivered to the city of New Bedford’s landfill, where a small, dedicated group of trained volunteers carefully removed flesh from the bones. Biologist and renowned skeleton expert Andrew Konnerth was sought out to direct the process of “curing” and then reassembling the bones. He had assembled a number of whale skeletons in his career, but never a blue whale – the largest creature that has ever lived on earth. With the generous help of scores of volunteers and businesses in the community, sections of the carcass were placed in 22 specially built cages and submerged for five months in New Bedford harbor, where marine life continued the cleaning process. The bones were then delivered to the Museum’s courtyard for scrubbing, drying, sun-bleaching, and damage assessment.
At 18 feet long and one-and-a-half tons, the skull and lower jaw required a special shelter outside the museum, which doubles as a workshop. The rest of the skeleton was brought inside the New Bedford Whaling Museum to be restored and reassembled.
A major challenge has been reconstructing the vertebrae that were badly damaged by the impact of the collision. Using blue whale bone samples borrowed from Harvard University, casts were made out of fiberglass and then painted to replicate the appearance of the original bones. Another challenge was the excessive oiliness of the bones, which caused them to turn deep yellow and smell unpleasant. After various experiments, this unexpected problem was resolved by soaking each bone in a biodegradable solution used to cure leather.

</doc>
<doc id="19864443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864443" title="2001–02 Hereford United F.C. season">
2001–02 Hereford United F.C. season

The 2001–2002 season was Hereford United's 5th season in the Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19864453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864453" title="Hatara Kizzu Maihamu Gumi">
Hatara Kizzu Maihamu Gumi

, literally "Working Kids, Meister Hamster Team", is a Japanese anime action series for young children about hamsters who hold down jobs from firefighting to cooking. The show is produced by Toei Animation and was broadcast at 6:30-7:00 am on Sunday every week from October 7, 2007 to September 28, 2008 on Japan’s TV Asahi. The show was also broadcast at 6:00 - 6:30 pm on Friday every week from November 2, 2007 on BS Asahi, but it is now broadcast at 5:00 - 5:30 pm on Friday every week from October 10, 2008.
Bandai will be the master toy license to the anime series in Japan, along with other Toei Animation anime.

</doc>
<doc id="19864468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864468" title="Kazan Cathedral">
Kazan Cathedral

Kazan Cathedral may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19864498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864498" title="Maccabi Ironi Tirat HaCarmel F.C.">
Maccabi Ironi Tirat HaCarmel F.C.

Maccabi Ironi Tirat HaCarmel Football Club () is an Israeli football club based in Tirat Carmel. They are currently in Liga Gimel, the fifth tier.
History.
The club spent much of its early existence in Liga Gimel, the lowest level of Israeli football. In the 1990s they were promoted to Liga Bet, where they played Hapoel Tirat HaCarmel for the first time. Hapoel, for many years the city's main club, were later relegated to Liga Gimel and folded.
In 1999-2000 the club won the North B Division of Liga Bet and were promoted to Liga Alef. In 2003-04 they finished second in the North Division, missing out on promotion. However, champions Maccabi Hadera folded in the summer, and Maccabi Ironi Tirat HaCarmel were promoted to Liga Artzit in their place.
In the 2008-09 season they were relegated to Liga Alef, and in 2010 they were relegated to Liga Bet after finishing bottom of their division. Just two seasons later in 2012, they were relegated to Liga Gimel, the lowest tier of Israeli football.

</doc>
<doc id="19864517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864517" title="Palapu">
Palapu

Palapu is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3830 living in 625 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864525" title="Patle">
Patle

Patle is a Village Development Committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3109 living in 568 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864530" title="Pokhare">
Pokhare

Pokhare is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1790 living in 348 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864535" title="Kathryn Hughes">
Kathryn Hughes

Kathryn Hughes (born 1959) is a British historian, biographer and journalist. Educated at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford University and the University of East Anglia; her doctorate in Victorian history was developed into her first book, "The Victorian Governess". She is Professor of Life Writing at the University of East Anglia.
Kathryn Hughes, a contributing editor to "Prospect" magazine, has reviewed and written for "The Guardian", "The Economist" and "The Times Literary Supplement". An occasional presenter of "Open Book" on BBC Radio 4, she also contributes to the same network's "Saturday Review". She is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and the Royal Society of Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="19864538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864538" title="Pokli">
Pokli

Pokli is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2610 living in 529 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864542" title="Nitzschia">
Nitzschia

Nitzschia is a common pennate marine diatom. In the scientific literature this genus is sometimes termed Nitzchia, this taxon has many species described, which all have a similar morphology.
Occurrence.
"Nitzschia" is found mostly in colder waters, and is associated with both Arctic and Antarctic polar sea ice where it is often found to be the dominant diatom. "Nitzschia" includes several species of diatoms known to produce the neurotoxin known as domoic acid, a toxin which is responsible for the human illness called amnesic shellfish poisoning. The species "N. frigida" is found to grow exponentially even at temperatures between −4 and −6 degrees Celsius. Some "Nitzchia" species are also extremophiles by dent of tolerance to high salinity; for example, some halophile species of "Nitzchia" are found in the Makgadikgadi Pans in Botswana.
Species.
For more information: http://www.algaebase.org/search/genus/detail/?genus_id=43680

</doc>
<doc id="19864545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864545" title="Prapchan">
Prapchan

Prapchan is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1259 living in 249 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864556" title="Induction shrink fitting">
Induction shrink fitting

Induction shrink fitting refers to the use of induction heater technology to pre-heat metal components between and thereby causing them to expand and allow for the insertion or removal of another component. Typically the lower temperature range is used on metals such as aluminium and higher temperatures are used on metals such as low/medium carbon steels. The process avoids the changing of mechanical properties whilst allowing components to be worked. Metals typically expand in response to heating and contract on cooling; this dimensional response to temperature change is expressed as a coefficient of thermal expansion.
Process.
Induction heating is a non contact heating process which uses the principle of electromagnetism induction to produce heat in a work-piece. In this case thermal expansion is used in a mechanical application to fit parts over one another, e.g. a bushing can be fitted over a shaft by making its inner diameter slightly smaller than the diameter of the shaft, then heating it until it fits over the shaft, and allowing it to cool after it has been pushed over the shaft, thus achieving a 'shrink fit'. By placing a conductive material into a strong alternating magnetic field, electrical current can be made to flow in the metal thereby creating heat due to the I2R losses in the material. The current generated flows predominantly in the surface layer. The depth of this layer being dictated by the frequency of the alternating field and the permeability of the material. Induction heaters for shrink fitting fall into two broad categories: 
Mains frequency units using iron cores.
Often referred to as a bearing heater, the mains frequency unit employs standard transformer principles for its operation. An internal winding is wound around a laminated core similar to a standard mains transformer. The core is then passed through the work-piece and when the primary coil is energised, a magnetic flux is created around the core. The work-piece acts as a short circuit secondary of the transformer created, and due to the laws of induction, a current flows in the work-piece and heat is generated. The core is normally hinged or clamped in some way to allow loading or unloading, which is usually a manual operation. To cover variations in part diameter, the majority of units will have spare cores available which help to optimise performance. Once the part is heated to the correct temperature, assembly can take place either by hand or in the relevant jig or machine press.
Power consumption.
Bearing heaters typically range from 1 kVA to 25 kVA and are used to heat parts from , dependent upon the application. The power required is a function of the weight, target temperature and cycle time to aid selection many manufacturers publish graphs and charts.
Industries and applications.
Due to the need to insert a core and also that to be effective, the core has to be in relatively close proximity to the bore of the part to be heated, there are many application in which the above bearing heater type approach is not feasible.
Solid state MF and RF heaters.
In those cases where operational complexities negate the use of a cored mains frequency approach, the standard RF or MF induction heater can be used. This type of unit uses turns of copper tube wound into an electromagnetic coil. There are no cores required, the coil needs to simply surround or be inserted into the part to be heated this makes automating the process straightforward. A further advantage is the ability to not only shrink fit parts but also remove them.
The RF and MF heaters used for induction shrink fitting vary in power from a few kilowatts to many megawatts and depending on the component geometry/diameter/cross section can vary in frequency from 1 kHz to 200 kHz, although the majority of applications use the range between 1 kHz and 100 kHz.
In general terms, it is best to use the lowest practical frequency and a low power density when undertaking shrink fitting as this will generally provide more evenly distributed heat. The exception to this rule is when using heat to remove parts from shafts. In these cases it is often best to shock the component with a rapid heat, this also has the advantage of shortening the time cycle and preventing heat build up in the shaft which can lead to problems with both parts expanding.
In order to select the correct power it is necessary to first calculate the thermal energy required to raise the material to the required temperature in the time allotted. This can be done using the heat content of the material which is normal expressed in kW hours per tonne, the weight of metal to be processed and the time cycle. Once this has been established other factors such as radiated losses from the component, coil losses and other system losses need to be factored in. Traditionally this process involved lengthy and complex calculations in conjunction with a mixture of practical experience and empirical formula. Modern techniques use finite element analysis and other computer-aided manufacturing techniques, however as with all such methods a thorough working knowledge of the induction heating process is still required. When deciding on the correct approach it is often necessary to consider the overall size and thermal conductivity of the work-piece and its expansion characteristics in order to ensure that enough soak time is allowed to create an even heat throughout the component.
Output frequency.
As shrink fitting requires a uniform heating of the component to be expanded, it is best to try to use the lowest practical frequency when approaching heating for shrink fitting. Again the exception to this rule can be when removing parts from shafts.
Industries and applications.
There are a huge number of industries and applications which benefit from induction shrink fitting or removal using solid state RF and MF heaters. In practice, the methodology employed can vary from a simple manual approach where an operator assembles or disassembles the parts to fully automatic pneumatic and hydraulic press arrangements.
Advantages & disadvantages.
Advantages:
The main disadvantage of this process is that, in general, it is limited to components which have a cylindrical shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19864557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864557" title="Ragani">
Ragani

Ragani is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3542 living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19864581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864581" title="B.B. King &quot;Into the Night&quot;">
B.B. King &quot;Into the Night&quot;

B.B. King "Into the Night" is a 1985 documentary film directed by Jeff Okun and co - directed by John Landis for the Universal and it was produced by Leslie Belzberg, John Landis and George Folsey Jr.
Plot.
Landis made three music parts of this film, which are - in fact - music videos of B.B. King's songs: "Lucille", "Into the Night" (specially composed by Ira Newborn for movie "Into the Night" ) and also for the song "In the Midnight Hour". Videos for "Lucille" and "In the Midnight Hour" are similar and shows B.B. King and his Band (Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dan Aykroyd, Eddie Murphy and Steve Martin) during their performance in one of the 80's night's clubs. Video made for "Into the Night" took place in television studio and shows B.B. King with Jeff Goldblum. Jeff Okun directed the rest of this film (including editing archival King's footage and interviews with Landis and King). The movie was made to promotion "Into the Night" movie and as a tribute to B.B. King's life and art.
DVD.
"B.B. King "Into the Night"" was added to "Into the Night" movie on DVD as one of special features.

</doc>
<doc id="19864585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864585" title="2007 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2007 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

This year Nikopol, Laris Kalynivka, KONFERMAT Khmelnytskyi, and Torpedo Mykolaiv started their participation from the 1/16 finals. The games has never taken place as well as one of the games between Nizhyn and FC Yednist-2 Plysky.

</doc>
<doc id="19864601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864601" title="Navaneet Kaur">
Navaneet Kaur

Navaneet Kaur (also spelled Navneeth Kaur or Navaneeth Kaur; born January 3, 1986) is an Indian film actress who mainly acts in Telugu films.
Career.
Kaur was born and brought up in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Her parents are of Punjabi origin; her father was an army official. After finishing 12th class, she discontinued her education and began working as a model, going on to appear in six music videos later. Kaur made her feature film debut in "Darshan", a Kannada film. Then followed her debut in Telugu with "Seenu, Vasanthi and Lakshmi" (2004). "Chetna" (2005), "Jagapathi" (2005), "Good Boy" (2005), and "Bhuma" (2008) are some of her subsequent releases. Additional work include "Kalachakram", "Terror", "Flash News" and "Jabilamma" in Telugu. She was a contestant in the Gemini TV reality show named "Humma Humma". She starred in the Malayalam film "Love In Singapore", directed by Rafi Mecartin. In 2010, she acted in the Punjabi film "Lad Geya Pecha" opposite Gurpreet Ghuggi.
Personal life.
After a short hiatus from her film career, on 3 February 2011, she married Ravi Rana, an independent MLA from Badnera district of Amravati. It has been reported that they got married along with 3613 couples in a mass ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19864608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864608" title="Audience Council Scotland">
Audience Council Scotland

The Audience Council Scotland (ACS) was created upon establishment of the BBC Trust in January 2007. It replaced the Broadcasting Council for Scotland which had many responsibilities the present Council now has.
ACS plays a key role helping the BBC Trust understand the needs, interests and concerns of audiences in Scotland. The ACS is chaired by the BBC Trustee for Scotland and consists of 11 members who bring a range of interests, experience and perspectives to the work of representing the audience in Scotland. The Council meets at least 11 times per year to assess and advise the BBC Trust. 
The ACS holds a number of public engagement events throughout the year across the country and meets monthly to discuss issues concerning audiences. ACS engages with audiences in a range of ways, it monitors comments made by audiences to the BBC, reviews audience research, and may commission its own, ACS engages directly with members of the audience via focus groups and a range of audience events. Recent examples of the ACS advising the BBC Trust were the Nations and Regions Impartiality Review
The Council reports to the BBC Trust monthly on issues of concern to licence payers in Scotland and presents an annual report to the BBC Trust. The ACS monitors the performance of the BBC against the Public Purposes set for it in the Royal Charter and Agreement. The ACS also publishes an account of its activities and assessment in the BBC Scotland Annual Review
There are other councils for the other three nations in Wales, England and Northern Ireland. 
History.
1950s.
The Broadcasting Council for Scotland held its first meeting on 14 January 1953, chaired by BBC National Governor for Scotland, Lord Clydesmuir. Held in Broadcasting House, 5 Queen Street, Edinburgh, the meeting was attended by the BBC's Director General, Ian Jacob and the Chairman of the BBC Board of Governors, Sir Alexander Cadogan.
The minutes show that the Council offered strategic guidance on many key broadcasting issues over the years; from the extension of the transmitter network to the north and west to the development of BBC television output for Scotland in the 1950s. 'The prime need', wrote the Council in its section of the BBC Annual Handbook in 1958, 'is to correct the inescapable predominance of English and metropolitan interests'.
1960s and 70s.
The Broadcasting Council's brief was extended to include television output in Scotland in 1962.
In 1975 the National Governor of the time, Lady Avonside, recommended to the Annan Committee on broadcasting that there should be more Scottish material, the development of community radio.
The Council played a distinctive role in the debate which led to the launch of a national radio service - BBC Radio Scotland - in 1978, under National Governor Professor Alan Thompson.
Recent History.
In the run-up to the re-convening of the Scottish Parliament in 1999, the Council, under National Governor Rev. Norman Drummond, argued for a change in the nature of news programming in Scotland in the debate on the Scottish Six. 
The Council commissioned a review of BBC news in Scotland in 2003. Although 38% of those surveyed said they would prefer an integrated news programme from Scotland, 45% preferred the 6-7pm 'news hour' arrangements which were already in place.
The governance of the BBC was reorganised at the end of 2006. 'A Public Service for All: the BBC in the Digital Age', published by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport, stated that 'the Government believes that the Councils, or their successors, still have a valuable role to play within the Trust's wider accountability framework' as a starting point, the Charter and Agreement will provide for the Broadcasting Councils to be replaced by new Audience Councils for England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
When the BBC Trust replaced the BBC Board of Governors in January 2007, the Broadcasting Council was disbanded and replaced by the BBC Audience Council for Scotland. BBC National Governor for Scotland, Jeremy Peat, took over the chair of the new Council as BBC Trustee for Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19864630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864630" title="Dixon's identity">
Dixon's identity

In mathematics, Dixon's identity (or Dixon's theorem or Dixon's formula) is any of several different but closely related identities proved by A. C. Dixon, some involving finite sums of products of three binomial coefficients, and some evaluating a hypergeometric sum. These identities famously follow from the MacMahon Master theorem, and can now be routinely proved by computer algorithms .
Statements.
The original identity, from , is 
A generalization, also sometimes called Dixon's identity, is
where "a", "b", and "c" are non-negative integers . 
The sum on the left can be written as the terminating well-poised hypergeometric series
and the identity follows as a limiting case (as "a" tends to an integer) of 
Dixon's theorem evaluating a well-poised 3"F"2 generalized hypergeometric series at 1, from : 
This holds for Re(1 + "a" − "b" − "c") > 0. As "c" tends to −∞ it reduces to Kummer's formula for the hypergeometric function 2F1 at −1. Dixon's theorem can be deduced from the evaluation of the Selberg integral.
q-analogues.
A "q"-analogue of Dixon's formula for the basic hypergeometric series in terms of the q-Pochhammer symbol is given by
where |"qa"1/2/"bc"| < 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19864640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864640" title="Lucian Ilie">
Lucian Ilie

Lucian Ilie (born 14 October 1967) is a retired Romanian footballer who played for Rapid Bucharest, in Sweden for Jönköpings Södra, and Belgian side KV Mechelen, in the Netherlands for FC Wageningen, FC Groningen, BV Veendam, and FC Zwolle. Lucian Ilie was one of few Romanian players who fled the country to escape the communist regime, and moved abroad in the early 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19864642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864642" title="Bama Boyz">
Bama Boyz

The Bama Boyz (a.k.a. the Bamaz) are a Grammy-nominated, Dove Award-winning, American record production, songwriting, and artist trio, consisting of Eddie “E-Trez” Smith III, Jesse J. Rankins, Jonathan D. Wells. Professionally producing and songwriting since 2003, the Bama Boyz have accumulated a diverse range of music credits, ranging from genres such as Electro, R&B, Pop, hiphop, urban gospel, dance, and Latin pop to soundtracks/theme music for films, television shows, commercials, toy lines, and books. They are now known as Watch The Duck.
History.
Eddie, Jesse, and Jonathan all grew up in Montgomery, Alabama, in the same neighborhood of Woodley Park. Jesse and Eddie both played in the percussion section of the symphonic band at Baldwin Jr. High School. Jonathan and Eddie both played in the percussion section of the marching band at Sidney Lanier High School. Even though the trio knew each other from the neighborhood, band, and school, they never created music as a trio until the summer of 2000. By fall 2001, Eddie, Jesse, and Jonathan were all attending Alabama A&M University where they became known for throwing parties on and off campus, creating funny television commercials to advertise their parties, and creating a popular school song and dance.
In 2003, music mogul, Mathew Knowles, pioneer of the Grammy Award–winning, Multi-platinum group Destiny's Child, offered the Bama Boyz a deal immediately after personally witnessing the trio in action in the studio. This opportunity came about when Mathew accepted an invitation to be the keynote speaker and judge for a leadership seminar and talent showcase created and hosted by Eddie, Jesse, and Jonathan at Alabama A&M University. Highly impressed by the trio’s professionalism and marketing tactics, Mathew invited the boys to do an internship that summer at his company, Music World Entertainment in Houston, TX.
When the trio arrived in Houston, they learned that the internship was non-paid. Accustomed to the consistent money of their weekly club hustle at Alabama A&M, it didn’t take long for the trio’s instinct to kick in. In exactly three weeks of living in Houston and studying the nightlife, the Bama Boyz begin supporting their expenses of rent, food, and other necessities by creating, promoting, and operating a successful teen night at a local club. While interning at Mathew’s company, the trio jacked Beyoncé's A cappella for her then current single "Crazy in Love" and produced an entirely new beat under her vocals. At that time, Mathew didn’t even know that the Bama Boyz produced music. So one day after a label staff meeting, Eddie and Jesse followed Mathew into his office, put their "Crazy in Love Remix" in his stereo and turned the volume up and hit play. Shocked by the boys boldness but impressed by their remix, Mathew told them that they can begin using the Music World studio anytime they want. After personally observing their work in the studio for a few days, Mathew invited the Bama Boyz to his boat on Clear Lake Shores, Texas, and that’s where he offered them a production deal.
Career.
The Bama Boyz first major production credits were two remixes for Solange entitled “Ain’t No Way Bama Boyz Remix” and “Just Like You Bama Boyz Remix”. Afterwards, the Bama Boyz created two remixes for Beyonce’s “Me, Myself, and I” entitled the “Bama Boys Sexy Remix” and the other entitled “Bama Boys Throwback Remix,” where the trio sampled elements of De La Soul’s “Me, Myself, and I”. The Bama Boyz first opportunity to work on a movie soundtrack was Roll Bounce, where the guys were credited with additional production credits. 
In 2005, the Bama Boyz produced the Destiny's Child song “Home for the Holiday”, which became the centerpiece of Wal-Mart’s national Christmas campaign. “Home for the Holiday” was also included on Destiny's Child’s album "8 Days of Christmas". It was the success of this campaign that sparked the Bama Boyz interest in licensing and syncing music.
The Bama Boyz ended up negotiating and producing the music for two more Wal-Mart commercials. Now with an understanding and passion for music synchronization, the Bama Boyz created music for film and television such as "", "The Pink Panther", "Save the Last Dance 2", a Ford Fusion Commercial featuring Funkmaster Flex, MTV’s "Super Sweet 16 TV Series", "Last Holiday", Nickelodeon’s "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy" theme song featuring Beyoncé, BET’s "One Night Only", House of Deréon Commercial, and the UK’s Channel 4 hit reality show "Chancers", where the Bama Boyz made their first television debut.
Not forgetting their first love of working with artists, the Bama Boyz returned to the studio with a different direction. They produced 8 songs for the platinum selling gospel group ’s "T57" album. Their work on T57 earned them a #2 spot on the Gospel Charts, a Grammy Nomination, and a Dove Award for Best Contemporary R&B Gospel Album.
The Bama Boyz also stepped outside the box of music synchronization by producing all the music for "Baby Jamz", a hip-hop/rhythm inspired toy line for preschoolers. The toy line also features a hiphop-inspired nursery rhyme CD, which includes their production. The Bama Boyz also produced the theme song for a series of books called Princess Inc.
The Bama Boyz produced two songs for Solange’s Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams album, including the controversial song “ChampagneChronicNightcap” feat. Lil Wayne and the '70's throwback "Valentine's Day". They also produced the “Ring the Alarm Bama Boyz Remix” and were responsible for getting Rick Ross and Mike Jones to feature on it.
On Beyonce’s third solo LP, which is a double-disc entitled "I Am... Sasha Fierce", the Bama Boyz produced “Why Don’t You Love Me,” which features their signature sound of combining both electronic dance music and urban music. "Why Don't You Love Me" shot to the number one position on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart becoming the Bama Boyz's first number-one hit and Knowles' twelfth number-one hit on that chart.
Currently.
The Bama Boyz are currently in the studio developing new projects within the electronic music scene.
Discography.
2Much
"Baby Jamz Vol.1"
"Baby Jamz Vol.2"
Beyoncé
"Chancers" (Channel 4 Reality Show)
Destiny's Child
Ford Fusion TV Commercial
Katy Shotter (UK)
Kelly Rowland
Meet the Bamaz (mixtape)
MTV's Super Sweet 16
Mýa
Natalia (UK)
Nickelodeon’s "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy"
Princess Inc. (Book)
Roll Bounce
Save the Last Dance 2
Socially Awkward E.P.
Solange Knowles
Wal-Mart National Commercials (TV)

</doc>
<doc id="19864647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864647" title="Gavin Smith (footballer)">
Gavin Smith (footballer)

Gavin Smith is a professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Dumbarton and Barnsley.

</doc>
<doc id="19864660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864660" title="Wilson River Bridge">
Wilson River Bridge

Wilson River Bridge, also known as Wilson River Bridge at Tillamook or Wilson River Bridge No. 01499, is a bridge near Tillamook, Oregon, United States. The 1931 bridge was designed by Conde McCullough in the Classical Revival and Art Deco styles. It covers a span of 180 feet and brings coastal U.S. Route 101 over the Wilson River.
According to the Historic American Bridges Survey description:
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19864683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864683" title="Jeff Allam">
Jeff Allam

Jeff Allam (born 19 December 1954 in Epsom, London, England), was a British racing driver who made his name in Saloon Car racing. He now works as a dealer principal for Allam Motor Services in Epsom and Dorking which are a Skoda, Alfa Romeo and Kia dealership.
Racing career.
Starting in kart racing he soon progressed to saloon car racing winning regularly in Vauxhalls. He first entered the British Saloon Car Championship in 1978 driving a Ford Capri 3.0, finishing 2nd in class. In 1979 he repeated this with another 2nd place in class. In 1981 he drove a TWR Rover Vitesse and again in 1982, this time winning the class title.
His success continued afterwards, winning the new Group A class at the 1984 Bathurst 1000 in Australia driving a TWR Rover partnered by regular ETCC co-driver Armin Hahne from Germany. This was followed in 1986 when he won the prestigious ETCC Tourist Trophy at Silverstone in a TWR prepared Rover along with co-driver, former Formula One World Champion Denny Hulme. He was then champion in the TVR Tuscan Challenge in 1989.
Allam continued to be a regular at the Bathurst 1000 after his 1984 class win. In 1985 he was lead driver in the 2nd TWR Jaguar XJS with Aussie Ron Dickson, qualifying a fine second behind team boss Walkinshaw but was out on lap 3 after broken headlight glass found its way into the Jaguar's V12 engine causing enough damage to stop the car. TWR itself dominated the 1985 race with the teams 3rd car (driven by Hahne and Aussie John Goss) winning with Walkinshaw and Win Percy finishing 3rd in the lead car after late race problems. He missed both 1986 and 1987 before returning in 1988 with Walkinshaw to drive the new Fuel injected Holden VL Commodore SS Group A. The race ended early for the duo when the suspension collapsed under the Boss after just 5 laps. After driving a Rover, Jaguar and a Holden in Australia's Great Race, Allam drove a Ford Sierra RS500 in 1989 for Dick Johnson Racing. He finished 8th in 1989 before his best finish in 1990, again in a Johnson Sierra, when he partnered Kiwi racer Paul Radisich to second place.
In 1990 Allam returned to the British Touring Car Championship (formerly the British Saloon Car Championship) driving a BMW M3 in the 2.0l class, placing 6th in the series. In 1991 he drove for the works Vauxhall team in a Vauxhall Cavalier finishing sixth. He stayed with the Vauxhall team a further three years, finishing in 4th place with two race wins in 1992 and a 9th place finishing in 1993. In 1994 he placed 10th overall and was replaced the following year by James Thompson. He made a one-off comeback to the BTCC in 1995 replacing the injured Thompson at Knockhill.
His final year in racing was in the 1995 Australian Super Touring Car Series where placed 7th in the championship in a Ford Mondeo. In 1996 he was Appointed Arbiter of BTCC by TOCA.
In 2004 he was selected to drive in the BTCC Masters event at Donington Park. a race which was set up by the director of TOCA Alan J. Gow featuring former champions and legends. Driving the same SEAT Leon Cupras, he finished 8th out of a field of sixteen drivers.
In May 2011 Jeff Allam was appointed as Driving Standards Advisor to the BTCC, assisting the Clerk of the Course in investigating on-track incidents between competitors. He previously held this role in the mid-late Nineties.
Racing record.
Complete British Saloon / Touring Car Championship results.
† Events with 2 races staged for the different classes.
‡ Endurance driver.

</doc>
<doc id="19864685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864685" title="Lake Mountain (Utah)">
Lake Mountain (Utah)

Lake Mountain is a stretch of mountains that lie west of Utah Lake in Utah County, Utah. The small range extends from north to south. It serves several radio and television needs for the towns of Provo, Orem, American Fork and almost all of Utah county. The highest point of the range is above sea level. It is located approximately west of Provo.
Radio uses.
Lake Mountain houses radio towers for several radio stations serving the general area. KHTB 94.9 FM, an alternative rock station, broadcasts from Lake Mountain. KKLV, formerly Country legends 107.5, now K-LOVE, also has a transmitter on the mountain. KJMY, a hot adult contemporary format radio station on 99.5 FM formerly had a translator known as K256AE, which is on 99.1 MHz from a tower on the mountain. The translator is now used as a rebroadcast of KNRS's HD-2 stream through a loophole in FCC rules. It is known as "Rock 99.1." KVFX had a translator known as K284AI-FM. K284AI was on located 104.7 MHz. In order to make way for KZNS-FM, the station signed off the air.
Two Religious radio translators also call the mountain home. The first, K237FG (95.3 FM), retransmits programming from KKLV, and is licensed to Pleasant Grove, Utah. The second, K217CL (91.3 FM), carries programming from KYCC, and is licensed to Provo.
Amateur radio.
Multiple repeaters for amateur radio exist on Lake Mountain. The most well known repeater is operated by the Utah Amateur Radio Club (UARC), first being coordinated in 1978. Numerous other stations share tower space with the repeaters above, all operating on different frequencies. A partial list is included below.
Television stations.
Numerous high and low power television stations call Lake Mountain their home. KUPX's, former analog broadcast on channel 16 from a tower on the mountain. KUPX is owned by Paxson Salt Lake City License Inc and carries programming from the Ion Television. Its tower was located on the northern flank of the mountain (pictured right). KUPX now broadcasts its digital television signal on channel 29 from Farnsworth Peak. K22IT, another television station on the mountain, carries programming from KTMW in Sheridan. It remains in analog, and has no application to transmit in digital.
KUTH, Salt Lake City's Univision affiliate, broadcasts its digital broadcast from Lake Mountain on channel 32. K43JV, a lower power television translator, carries programming from 3ABN. It broadcasts on channel 43. K49GD, channel 49, is a translator for KTMW and carries a variety of programming. K49GD is licensed to Spanish Fork, Utah.
KUTH filed an application with the FCC to move its transmitter to Farnsworth Peak which would leave only lower powered television stations transmitting from the mountain. This move will allow KUTH to better serve the Wasatch Front because of Farnsworth Peak's higher terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="19864703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864703" title="SuspenStories">
SuspenStories

SuspenStories can refer to either of two comic book titles published by EC Comics in the 1950s:

</doc>
<doc id="19864705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864705" title="School for Advanced Research">
School for Advanced Research

The School for Advanced Research on the Human Experience (SAR), until 2007 known as the School of American Research and originally founded in 1907 as the School for American Archaeology (SAA), is an advanced research center located in Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. Since 1967, the scope of the School's activities has embraced a global perspective through programs to encourage advanced scholarship in anthropology and related social science disciplines and the humanities, and to facilitate the work of Native American scholars and artists. SAR offers residential fellowships for artists and scholars, and it publishes academic and popular non-fiction books through SAR Press.
Foundation.
In the early years of the 20th century, archaeology was a young discipline with roots in historical studies of Old World antiquities. In 1906 Alice Cunningham Fletcher, an anthropologist and ethnographer of Plains Indian groups, was on the American Committee of the Archaeological Institute of America. The AIA, founded in Boston in 1879, had schools in Athens, Rome, and Palestine that sponsored research on classical civilization and promoted professional standards in archaeology. Fletcher wanted to establish an "Americanist" center to train students in the profession of archaeology, to engage in anthropological research in the Americas, and to preserve and study the unique cultural heritage of the American Southwest. Her aims coincided with those of Edgar Lee Hewett, an educator and amateur archaeologist whom she met in Mexico in 1906.
Nicknamed "El Toro," Hewett was a controversial figure. He served as president of New Mexico Normal School in Las Vegas (now New Mexico Highlands University) from 1898 to 1903, where he taught some of the first anthropology courses to be offered at any U.S. college. His work lobbying for the protection of archaeological sites led to the creation of Mesa Verde National Park and the passage of the U.S. Antiquities Act of 1906.
In December 1907, the American Committee of the AIA accepted Fletcher's plan to establish the School of American Archaeology and appointed Hewett its director and Fletcher as the first chairperson of the School's managing committee.
Early years.
Santa Fe, then the capital of New Mexico Territory, was chosen as the School of American Archaeology's headquarters in part because the territorial government offered the historic Palace of the Governors as a permanent home. In 1909, the legislature established the Museum of New Mexico as an agency of the School, creating a relationship that would continue for the next 50 years. Hewett became director of both the Museum and the School. In 1917, the School of American Archaeology changed its name to the School of American Research to reflect a broader mission: 
"to promote and carry on research in Archaeology and related branches of the Science of Man; to foster Art in all its branches through exhibitions and by other means which may from time to time be desirable". (Articles of Incorporation 1917)
Midway through its first year of operations, the School was immersed in excavating Pueblo ruins on the eastern edge of the Pajarito Plateau, west of Santa Fe, and conducting the first of its field programs. Many legendary archaeologists, among them Neil Judd, Alfred V. Kidder, and Sylvanus Morley, were trained at SAR field labs at Tyuonyi Ruin on El Rito de los Frijoles (now part of Bandelier National Monument), Chaco Canyon, Puye Cliff Dwellings, and other sites. The School also sponsored excavations in Mexico, Guatemala, and South America, and led the effort to preserve 22 Spanish missions in New Mexico. While directing the School, Hewett founded departments of anthropology at the University of Southern California and the University of New Mexico.
Through the Museum of New Mexico, the School took an early interest in promoting and preserving the artistic traditions of Southwestern Indians. Indian workers assisted at the School's excavations on the Pajarito Plateau, and their interactions with Hewett, Kenneth M. Chapman, and other archaeologists led to a recognition of individual talents and traditional aesthetics. Hewett and Chapman, an artist hired by Hewett to head the art department at New Mexico Normal School, and later one of the first employees of the School of American Archaeology, provided extensive support for Indian artists. They offered studio facilities, as well as collecting and exhibiting their work. Early Native artists promoted by SAR included Maria Martinez, Crescencio Martinez, Awa Tsireh, and Fred Kabotie, among many others. In 1922, the School sponsored the first Southwest Indian Fair, precursor of today's world-renowned Santa Fe Indian Market.
Hewett led the School and Museum until his death in 1946 at age 82. A 20-year period of relative inactivity followed. The School continued to pursue archaeological research projects on a modest scale. It was headed, successively, by Sylvanus Morley, Boaz Long, Wayne L. Mauzy, Edward Weyer, Jr., and Eugene McCluney. This transition period ended in 1959, when the State Legislature formally separated the Museum of New Mexico from the School. The School of American Research was gutted, left with a staff of two and an uncertain future.
Rebuilding the School.
In 1967, Douglas W. Schwartz, a young professor of anthropology from the University of Kentucky, became the new director of the School of American Research. Schwartz broadened the School's focus to embrace advanced scholarship in anthropology and the humanities worldwide; and to promote the study, preservation, and creation of Southwest Indian art. Schwartz also continued the School's archaeological research with field excavations in the Grand Canyon in the late 1960s and, in the 1970s, the excavations of Arroyo Hondo Pueblo.
Over the years, SAR's offices had relocated from the Palace of the Governors to the Hewett House on Lincoln Street. In 1973, the School moved into an old adobe estate on Santa Fe's east side. "El Delirio" had been the home of Martha Root White and Amelia Elizabeth White, wealthy New York businesswomen. Built in the 1920s, the estate was a popular gathering place for Santa Fe artists, writers, and intellectuals—among them Hewett, Morley, and others associated with the School. The White sisters were avid promoters of Indian art, and together they opened the first Native American art gallery in New York City. Elizabeth also was a founding member of the Indian Arts Fund (IAF) in Santa Fe and sat on SAR's Board of Managers for 25 years. When Elizabeth died in 1972 at age 96, she left El Delirio and other Santa Fe properties to the School. In that same year, the IAF disbanded and deeded its collections of Southwest Indian art to the School.
The new campus, with its numerous buildings, permitted the realization of Schwartz's vision for the School. The Advanced Seminar Program was inaugurated in 1968, and has since sponsored more than 120 seminars, the results of which are published by the School's SAR Press. The Resident Scholar Program, launched in 1972, has provided over 180 scholars with residential fellowships. 
The construction of the Indian Arts Research Center in 1978 gave the collections inherited from the IAF a suitable home. In 1988, the J. I. Staley Prize was established to recognize books by living authors that exemplify outstanding research in anthropology. Over the succeeding two decades, several residential fellowships for Native artists were also established. In 2005, SAR entered the new century with a new president, Dr. James F. Brooks, formerly Director of SAR Press, as the School's new director. 
Current programs.
The School for Advanced Research offers residential fellowships for scholars and Native artists, and internships are provided for Native students pursuing academic careers and/or professional careers in museums. The School also sponsors scholarly seminars through its Advanced Seminar and Short Seminar programs. The results of many of these programs are published through SAR Press. The School recognizes outstanding books in anthropology with the annual J. I. Staley Prize. Public outreach includes membership, lecture, and tour and field trip programs. SAR recently created an educational website at [www.southwestcrossroads.org] for New Mexico grade-school students. The president of SAR is historian James F. Brooks, who received eight national history awards for his 2002 work, "Captives & Cousins: Slavery, Kinship, and Community in the Southwest Borderlands" (University of North Carolina Press). The long range vision for the School includes the addition of six resident fellowships for scholars and artists, new studio and research space, and major expansion of programs and collections at the Indian Arts Research Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19864722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864722" title="Young Political Majors">
Young Political Majors

Young Political Majors, LLC or as known as YPM for short is private consulting firm, which registers people to vote as Republicans. It operates in several states including California, Florida, Arizona and Massachusetts. The firm has been accused of misleading voters into registering as Republicans, and its owner was arrested October 18, 2008 and charged with two counts of felony voter registration fraud and two counts of perjury.

</doc>
<doc id="19864731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864731" title="George Stabb">
George Stabb

George Herbert Stabb (26 September 1912 – 11 December 1994) was an English footballer who played for Torquay United, Notts County, Port Vale, and Bradford Park Avenue in the 1930s.
Playing career.
Stabb played for Dartmouth United and Paignton Town, before joining Torquay United in September 1931. He scored three goals in 12 Third Division South games in 1931–32. He claimed his first goal in the Football League on 7 September in a 10–2 defeat to Fulham at Craven Cottage. He went on to score 26 goals in 45 appearances in the 1932–33 season to finish as the club's top-scorer. He scored a hat-trick in a 8–1 win over Southend United at Plainmoor on 10 September, and bagged another hat-trick in a 3–2 victory over Watford on 18 March. He then went on to score 15 goals in 1933–34 as he finished as the "Gulls" top-scorer for a second successive season. He then moved on to Notts County. He spent the 1933–34 season at Meadow Lane, and scored five goals in 24 Second Division games.
He signed with Port Vale in July 1935. He enjoyed a great start to his career with the "Valiants", scoring one goal in each of the first four Second Division games of the 1935–36 season. However he damaged a cartilage during a 5–1 defeat to Burnley at Turf Moor on 9 September. This injury required surgery, though he regained his place in the team after recovering in November. In the FA Cup, he scored against First Division champions Sunderland at Roker Park and The Old Recreation Ground, as Vale drew 2–2 before recording a shock 2–0 victory. However Vale slipped to relegation into the Third Division North. Stabb played twice at the start of the 1936–37 season, before transferring to Bradford Park Avenue, back in the Second Division, in September 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19864746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864746" title="Waterfront Park (Seattle)">
Waterfront Park (Seattle)

Waterfront Park is a public park on the Central Waterfront, Downtown, Seattle, Washington, USA. Designed by the Bumgardner Partnership and consultants, it was constructed on the site of the former Schwabacher Wharf (Pier 58).
History of the site.
In its early years, the pier then known variously as Schwabacher Wharf, Schwabacher's Wharf, Schwabacher Dock, etc. was the location of two prominent events in the city's history. The freighter "Miike Maru" opened Seattle's Japan trade by docking there August 31, 1896. Less than a year later, July 17, 1897, the steamship "Portland" arrived from Alaska bearing a "ton of gold", from the Klondike. The ensuing Yukon Gold Rush formed strong bonds between Seattle and Alaska, and brought enormous wealth to Seattle as the "Gateway to Alaska".
This portion of Seattle's waterfront was used by the military during World War II. By 1960, the Central Waterfront was beginning to take on its current recreational character, as shipping moved primarily to the container port in the Industrial District south of Downtown. 
In 1968, King County voters approved a bond issue to acquire the land for the park, which was matched by federal money and augmented several other sources including Model Cities programs, and donations.
The park.
The park extends from the privately owned Pier 57 to Pier 59, an official city landmark that is the site of the Seattle Aquarium. One of the entrances to the Aquarium is from a viewing platform in the park. The park viewing platforms can be reached both by stairs and a wheelchair-accessible ramp. The park also features coin-operated telescopes, benches, picnic tables, and some trees in planters. Near the south end of the park, a somewhat larger than life bronze abstract statue of Christopher Columbus gazes out at the water. Near the picnic tables is Waterfront Fountain, made of cubes cast and welded bronze. The sculpture was work in progress by artist James FitzGerald at the time of his death. In collaboration with his widow, Margaret Tompkins, it was completed by Terry Copple.

</doc>
<doc id="19864750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864750" title="A Short History of Decay">
A Short History of Decay

A Short History of Decay may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19864753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864753" title="2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
West Asia.
"1 Al Safa withdrew"

</doc>
<doc id="19864764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864764" title="Sesshu Foster">
Sesshu Foster

Sesshu Foster (born April 5, 1957) is an American poet.
He has taught composition and literature in East LA since 1985, and has also taught at the University of Iowa, the California Institute of the Arts, the University of California, Santa Cruz and the Jack Kerouac School's Summer Writing Program.
He was in residence at California State University, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19864773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864773" title="Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym">
Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym

Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (7 September 1693 – Schaumburg, 15 April 1772), was a German prince of the House of Ascania who belonged to a cadet branch of the princely house of Anhalt-Bernburg.
Through his mother, he inherited the County of Holzappel and Lordship of Schaumburg and founded the cadet branch of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
Life.
Victor was born at Schaumburg Castle on 7 September 1693 as the eldest son of Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym by his first wife Charlotte of Nassau-Schaumburg, heiress of the County of Holzappel and Lordship of Schaumburg as a daughter of Elisabeth Charlotte, Countess of Holzappel in her marriage with Prince Adolph of Nassau-Dillenburg.
The death of his mother in 1700 made Victor Amadeus Adolph the heir apparent of Holzappel and Schaumburg under the terms of a contract made between his paternal grandfather and namesake Prince Victor Amadeus of Anhalt-Bernburg and his maternal grandmother Countess Elisabeth Charlotte. When the Countess died in 1707, Victor Amadeus Adolph succeeded her as Count of Holzappel and Schaumburg.
When his father died in 1727, Victor Amadeus Adolph succeeded him as "Prince of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym," but shortly after changed the name of his principality to "Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym."
Marriages and Issue.
First marriage.
In Birstein on 22 November 1714 Victor Amadeus Adolph married firstly with Charlotte Louise (b. Büdingen, 31 July 1680 - d. Schaumburg, 2 January 1739), daughter of William Maurice, Count of Isenburg-Büdingen-Birstein. She was fourteen years older than he was; nevertheless, the union produced six children:
Second marriage.
In Pölzig on 14 February 1740 Victor Amadeus Adolph married for a second time to Hedwig Sophie (b. Oderberg, 7 May 1717 - d. Diez, 21 February 1795), daughter of Count Wenzel Louis Henckel of Donnersmarck. The Henckels of Donnersmarck were an old family in Silesia only raised in 1651 to the rank of counts; in consequence, this marriage was legally morganatic. The union was nonetheless considered equal by the rest of the House of Anhalt. They had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="19864801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864801" title="Juan París">
Juan París

Juan París (Barcelona, 1759 – Santiago de Cuba, 10 July 1845) was a priest and composer in Spanish Cuba.
He followed Esteban Salas y Castro in the Cathedral of Santiago de Cuba. His election as "Maestro de Capilla" (choirmaster), after the death of Salas in 1803, was an extraordinary event. It had been a foregone conclusion that "Francisco José Hierrezuelo", long-time assistant of Salas, would be elected. Came the day, and Hierrezuelo spotted a well-qualified German priest in the choir. Blind with rage, and fearing the bishop had planned a conspiracy to thwart him, Hierrezuelo refused to take the examination, picked up his pen and wrote infuriated letters. The bishop persuaded the German, Juan Nepomucino Goetz, to renounce his candidacy, but Hierrezuelo had so offended the bishop and the town council by his irate letters that, despite grovelling apologies, he got only a minor position in the chapel. He was never to become maestro. Goetz moved on to Havana, where his arrival also had remarkable consequences.
So Juan París took the exam, and was appointed as choirmaster. París was an exceptionally industrious man, and an important composer. Under his hand, the church became a library, an academy, a concert hall and a rehearsal space. It encouraged continuous and diverse musical events.

</doc>
<doc id="19864809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864809" title="Invisible (Edyta album)">
Invisible (Edyta album)

Invisible is the third studio album and second international album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak, known as "Edyta". It was released in Poland under the title Perła.
Invisible was dedicated to US-American singers Aaliyah and Selena.
Background.
After Edyta finished her 1999 Tour and released her first Live album Live '99 she began her work on the second international album.
After her last studio album Edyta Gorniak only included English songs and the last studio album with polish songs was released in 1995, she decided to record some new polish tracks for her polish fans. These tracks were released in 2002 on a special release for the polish market with two discs, called Perła. While the international version Invisible included only English songs was released in 2003.
After Perła was released there was recorded another song for the international market by Absolute, the dance song Impossible.
Invisible was recorded in the Olimpic Studios in London and in the Royalton Studios in Los Angeles.
Tracklisting.
Polish version ("Perła").
CD 1
CD 2
Music videos.
The music video of "Nie proszę o więcej" features only Edyta. Edyta is shown in a hall of a building. The video includes close-up views of Edyta and scenes of Edyta with headphones while sitting or lying and Edyta sitting on a chair or dancing. In another scene she is waving with a rag.

</doc>
<doc id="19864843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864843" title="Archibald Joyce">
Archibald Joyce

Archibald Joyce (25 May 1873 – 22 March 1963) was a light music composer known for his early waltzes. 
He first came to prominence with the publication of his "Songe d'Automne" Waltz (1908) which fast became a hit. The style of this piece was unusual from its contemporaries in that the principal melody was in a minor key played in a relatively low tenor register. 
The following year he repeated this success with his "Visions of Salome" Waltz (1909) also in the same low-pitched minor-key style. He was billed by his publishers Ascherberg Hopwood and Crew as the "English Waltz King". 
His music was immensely popular with dance orchestras of the period together with amateur pianists. The piano solo sheet music for his waltzes sold in very large quantities in the UK. He continued primarily with his distinctive waltzes until the start of the WW1 period. His other principal hits during this period were "Dreaming" waltz (1911), "Charming" and "The Passing of Salome" waltzes (1912), "1000 Kisses" and "Always Gay" waltzes (1913) and "Remembrance" waltz (1914).
He co-wrote the musical "Toto" with Merlin Morgan (musical director of Daly's Theatre in London). After a try-out in Plymouth it opened at London's Duke of York's Theatre on 19 April 1916. Despite good initial reviews it did not take off and was withdrawn after only 77 performances. 
He continued conducting his own orchestra for a number of years until the early 1920s. During the early 1920s, his orchestras recorded material for the Aeolian Company's Vocalion Records label in London. He had recorded for the Gramophone Company HMV-label in London as early as 1912 previously. 
His music was familiar worldwide during its period. He was credited as conducting "the first modern dance band in Britain" His waltz "Dreaming" was provided with lyrics by Earl Carroll and introduced in the US by Miss Kitty Gordon in Oliver Morosco's comedy with music, "Pretty Mrs Smith" (1913). ("The Sensation Waltz Song of Two Continents: Dreaming" (sheet music)). "Songe d'Automne" ("Autumn Dream") and "1000 Kisses" were incorporated into Charlie Chaplin's latter-daysound track added to his "The Gold Rush". In the US a conventional method of gaining public exposure for a song was to arrange to have it included a revue: in this way Joyce's "Vision of Salome" (1909) was included in Florenz Ziegfeld Jr's "Follies of 1910". 
Harold Bride's recollection that the orchestra was playing "Autumn" as the "Titanic" foundered in 1912 has led to speculation by Walter Lord that he was in fact referring to "Songe d'Automne", which was part of the repertory of the White Star Line orchestras and with which he would undoubtedly been familiar.
After the early 1920s, there was a small trickle of material for many years. His last composition of any note is his "Bohemia - concert waltz for piano" (1942) which finishes off his career with a hefty hat-tip to both the waltz and to the piano which effectively made him.

</doc>
<doc id="19864858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864858" title="Common coding theory">
Common coding theory

Common coding theory is a cognitive psychology theory describing how perceptual representations (e.g. of things we can see and hear) and motor representations (e.g. of hand actions) are linked. The theory claims that there is a shared representation (a common code) for both perception and action. More important, seeing an event activates the action associated with that event, and performing an action activates the associated perceptual event.
The idea of direct perception - actions links originates in the work of the American psychologist William James and more recently, American neurophysiologist and Nobel prize winner Roger Sperry. Sperry argued that the perception–action cycle is the fundamental logic of the nervous system Perception and action processes are functionally intertwined: perception is a means to action and action is a means to perception. Indeed, the vertebrate brain has evolved for governing motor activity with the basic function to transform sensory patterns into patterns of motor coordination.
Background.
The classical approach to cognition is a 'sandwich' model which assumes three stages of information processing: perception, cognition and then action. In this model, perception and action do not interact directly, instead cognitive processing is needed to convert perceptual representations into action. For example, this might require creating arbitrary linkages (mapping between sensory and motor codes).
In contrast, the common coding account claims that perception and action are directly linked by a common computational code. 
This theory, put forward by German scientist Wolfgang Prinz and his colleagues from the Max Planck Institute, claims parity between perception and action. Its core assumption is that actions are coded in terms of the perceivable effects (i.e., the distal perceptual events) they should generate. This theory also states that perception of an action should activate action representations to the degree that the perceived and the represented action are similar. Such a claim suggests that we represent observed, executed and imagined actions in a commensurate manner and makes specific predictions regarding the nature of action and perceptual representations. First, representations for observed and executed actions should rely on a shared neural substrate. Second, a common cognitive system predicts facilitation of action based on directly prior perception and vice versa. Third, such a system predicts interference effects when action and perception attempt to access shared representations simultaneously.
Evidence for common coding.
In the past decade, a growing number of results have been interpreted in favor of the common coding theory. 
For instance, one functional MRI study demonstrated that the brain’s response to the 2/3 power law of motion (i.e., which dictates a strong coupling between movement curvature and velocity) is much stronger and more widespread than to other types of motion. Compliance with this law was reflected in the activation of a large network of brain areas subserving motor production, visual motion processing, and action observation functions. These results support the common coding and the notion of similar neural coding for motion perception and production.
One of the most direct evidence for common coding in the brain now stems from the fact that pattern classifiers that can differentiate based on brain activity whether someone has performed action A or B can also classify, above chance, whether that person heard the sound of action A or B, thereby demonstrating that action execution and perception are represented using a common code 
Recently, the common coding theory received increased interest from researchers in developmental psychology, cognitive neuroscience, robotics, and social psychology.
Commensurate representation.
Common coding posits, on top of separate coding, further domains of representation in which afferent and efferent information share the same format and dimensionality of representation. Common coding refers to ‘late’ afferent representations (referring to events in the environment) and ‘early’ efferent representations (referring to intended events). Such representations are commensurate since they both exhibit distal reference. They permit creating linkages between perception and action that do not rely on arbitrary mappings. Common coding conceives action planning in terms of operations that determine intended future events from given current events (matching between event codes and action codes). In particular perception and action may modulate each other by virtue of similarity. Unlike rule-based mapping of incommensurate codes which requires preceding acquisition of mapping rules, similarity-based matching of commensurate codes requires no such preceding rule acquisition.
Ideomotor principle.
In line with the ideomotor theory of William James (1890) and Hermann Lotze (1852), the common coding theory posits that actions are represented in terms of their perceptual consequences. Actions are represented like any other events, the sole distinctive feature being that they are (or can be) generated through bodily movements. Perceivable action consequences may vary on two major dimensions: resident vs. remote effects, and ‘cool’ versus ‘hot’ outcomes (i.e., reward values associated with action outcomes).
When individuals perform actions they learn what their movements lead to (Ideomotor learning). The ideomotor theory claims that these associations can also be used in the reverse order (cf. William James, 1890 II, p. 526): When individuals perceive events of which they know (from previous learning) that they may result from certain movements, perception of these events may evoke the movements leading to them (Ideomotor control). The distinction between learning and control is equivalent to the distinction between forward and inverse computation in motor learning and control. Ideomotor learning supports prediction and anticipation of action outcomes, given current action. Ideomotor control supports selection and control of action, given intended outcomes.
Related approaches.
While most traditional approaches tend to stress the relative independence of perception and action, some theories have argued for closer links. Motor theories of speech and action perception have made a case for motor contributions to perception. Close non-representational connections between perception and action have also been claimed by ecological approaches.
Today common coding theory is closely related to research and theory in two intersecting fields of study: Mirror neurons systems and embodied cognition. As concerns mirror systems, common coding seems to reflect the functional logic of mirror neurons and mechanisms in the brain. As concerns embodied cognition, common coding is compatible with the claim that meaning is embodied, i.e. grounded in perception and action.

</doc>
<doc id="19864879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864879" title="1938–39 Serie C">
1938–39 Serie C

The Serie C 1938–1939 was the fourth tournament of this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19864890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864890" title="Moises Bicentini">
Moises Bicentini

Moises Bicentini (27 December 1931 – 25 April 2007) was an association football player from Curaçao who played in the Netherlands for NEC between 1957 and 1961. His son was fellow player Remco Bicentini.

</doc>
<doc id="19864903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864903" title="Anders Eriksson (enduro rider)">
Anders Eriksson (enduro rider)

Anders Eriksson (born 14 May 1973) is a Swedish enduro rider and a seven-time World Enduro Champion. He debuted in the World Enduro Championship with Kawasaki in 1991, and took his first world title with Husaberg in the 350 cc class in 1995. He then moved to Husqvarna for the 1996 season, and won the 400 cc world championship. 
Debuting in the 500 cc category, Eriksson finished second to Kari Tiainen, and then beat him to the title in 1998 and 1999, despite not matching the Finn's win totals. After a third place in 2000, Eriksson edged Mika Ahola by one point to take his fifth world title in 2001. After winning the 500 cc world championship for the fourth time in 2002, he moved to the smaller 450 cc class for the 2003 season and became a seven-time world champion, equalling Tiainen's record. Eriksson continued with Husqvarna until the 2008 season, when he signed to the BMW team with a contract that runs through 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19864980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864980" title="2002 FA Community Shield">
2002 FA Community Shield

The 2002 FA Community Shield was the 80th FA Community Shield, an annual English football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. This was the first Community Shield to be contested following the renaming of the competition, from the FA Charity Shield. The match was contested by Arsenal, who won a league and FA Cup double the previous season, and Liverpool, who finished runners-up in the league. It was held at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, on 11 August 2002. Arsenal won the match by one goal to nil, watched by a crowd of 67,337.
This was Arsenal's 16th Shield appearance and Liverpool's 20th. Arsenal were without several of their first choice players in midfield, who were absent through injury; this prompted a shuffle in the team which saw striker Sylvain Wiltord positioned on the left wing. For Liverpool, defender Markus Babbel was named as a substitute ater a lengthy period out of the side through illness. New signing El Hadji Diouf started in a creative role, behind strikers Michael Owen and Emile Heskey to begin with.
The only goal of the match came in the second half; Arsenal substitute Gilberto Silva on his debut, collected a pass from Dennis Bergkamp and struck the ball through goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek's legs. Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger praised the match-winner in his post-match interview, while opposing manager Gérard Houllier felt the result showed that his team needed more game time and attention to passing, in order to improve. The result meant Arsenal were the first team to win the shield outright 11 times, while it marked Liverpool's first defeat at the Millennium Stadium.
Background.
The FA Community Shield was founded in 1908, under its former name, the FA Charity Shield and was initially contested between the top professional and amateur teams of each season. In 1921, it was played between the Football League champions and FA Cup winners for the first time; the formation of a new top-tier division, the Premier League in 1992, meant it displaced the Football League spot. Wembley Stadium acted as the host of the Shield, but matches from 2001 were switched to the Millennium Stadium, whilst Wembley was being refurbished into a 90,000-capacity venue.
In February 2002, the trophy was renamed as the FA Community Shield. The then-FA marketing director Paul Barber noted this was in order to reward the work of those contributing to the game, who go unnoticed: "The most important thing is that the many good causes that have benefited from the shield in the past will continue to benefit from the Community Shield in the future." The FA also intended to prevent any interference made by the Charity Commission into where money raised by the game should go. In April 2002, McDonald's was announced as the main sponsor of the Community Shield, in a four-year, £28 million pound contract. The deal included the company making an "invest in 8,000 new community-based coaches for young players".
Arsenal qualified for the 2002 FA Community Shield as the holders of the FA Cup, beating Chelsea 2–0 in the 2002 FA Cup Final. The team later won the 2001–02 FA Premier League and completed the domestic double. The other Community Shield place went to league runners-up Liverpool, who secured second place on the final day of the season. The game marked Arsenal's 16th Charity Shield appearance and first since 1999, where they beat Manchester United by two goals to one. By contrast this was Liverpool's 20th, who incidentally played United and won by exactly the same scoreline to become holders of the trophy. The last meeting between the two teams was in the FA Cup; a goal by Dennis Bergkamp ensured Arsenal progressed into the fifth round of the competition. 
In spite of the game traditionally being taken as like a friendly, Liverpool manager Gérard Houllier used his pre-match press conference to highlight how much he wanted to win the shield: "It is very important to me. This match is more than a friendly. It represents the start of the season. The Community Shield is like a final. There is a trophy at stake and we are the holders." Arsène Wenger wanted to use the match as "the final preparation game for the championship" and noted that Liverpool, amongst four other teams (Manchester United, Newcastle United, Chelsea and Leeds United) would challenge his team in the league.
Match.
Arsenal were without injured trio Robert Pirès, Freddie Ljungberg and Giovanni van Bronckhorst and lined up in their traditional 4–4–2 formation; striker Sylvain Wiltord was moved to the left wing, with Bergkamp playing off main striker Thierry Henry. After a lengthy illness, Liverpool defender Markus Babbel returned to the squad and was named as a substitute. Houllier deployed a 4–3–1–2 formation with Steven Gerrard, John Arne Riise and Dietmar Hamann as a midfield three and new signing, El Hadji Diouf positioned in a free role to begin with and as the game went on, moved to the right wing to stretch Arsenal's defence.
First half.
Arsenal won the toss and kicked-off. Within the first three minutes they fashioned their first opening: Wiltord found space outside the Liverpool box, yet failed to give the ball to Henry, as the through ball was cleared. Gerrard was booked for a tackle on Vieira in the sixth minute, which left the Frenchman seeking medical attention and moments after, he caught Henry late with a similar lunge; Gerrard was given the benefit of the doubt by the referee. Bergkamp volleyed the ball "from close range" which was blocked by defender Abel Xavier and two of his efforts were saved in quick succession by Jerzy Dudek after the 20 minute mark. Liverpool managed their first shot on target before the half hour: a out wide shot from Emile Heskey which hit goalkeeper David Seaman's chest. After a quiet period towards the end of the first half, Ray Parlour went close to giving Arsenal the lead, through a long-range shot that missed the post by fractions. A move from Arsenal soon after concluded with Wiltord firing the ball straight at Dudek, having been under pressure by Djimi Traoré.
Second half.
Midfielder Gilberto Silva made his debut in the second half, coming on in place of fellow Brazilian Edu. In the 47th minute, Henry went close to scoring his first goal at the Millennium Stadium; he collected a pass from Bergkamp and used his pace to get past the Liverpool defence. His shot caught Dudek and rebounded back off the post. Henry created further chances in the 51st and 54th minute, forcing more saves from the Liverpool goalkeeper. Owen was unable to reach the ball from a corner and Liverpool continued to pressure Arsenal, with Gerrard regaining control of the midfield and making a substitution which saw Danny Murphy come on for Hamann. In spite of this, it was Arsenal who scored the opening goal, in the 68th minute. A move by Liverpool, which had broken down, allowed Gilberto to pass the ball out to Ashley Cole, who in turn fed Bergkamp. His cut-back met the Brazilian's left foot "with a shot that squeezed through Dudek's legs." Diouf went down in the penalty box four minutes after, which provoked a reaction by Vieira, who believed he had dived. Both managers made numerous changes in the final 15 minutes, which included Milan Baroš replacing Heskey and midfielder Kolo Touré on for Bergkamp. The final notable chance went to Liverpool a minute before additional time: Sol Campbell was caught out of position in Arsenal's half, but Diouf's shot went over the goal bar.
Post-match.
The result marked the first time that Liverpool had lost at the Millennium Stadium. Wenger used his post-match news interview to praise goalscorer Gilberto Silva and asserted that the Brazilan would be a "very strong player" for the team, in the incoming future. He noted that Dudek had "kept in the game for a long time" and was critical of Gerrard, who he felt was fortunate not to have been sent off for a "reckless and dangerous" challenge on Vieira. Wenger believed Arsenal's experience put the team in good stead for the upcoming season: "There are two attitudes to being champions. One is to get respect, another is to get kicked more and to face more aggression as people want to beat you more. We are quite used to that though as we have had some big fights in the past four or five years."
Houllier argued that his team paid Arsenal "too much respect" in the match and blamed his full-backs Xavier and Traoré for not providing width, adding: "We need to have more flow in our game, more safety in our passing construction". Gerrard was unrepentant for tackling Vieira and stated he was trying to "stamp authority" on the match. He accepted defeat and was optimistic Liverpool had the means to win the Premier League: "We'd rather they beat us in this game and then we go on to pick up the title. That's what we're really looking at. Even though they got the better of us yesterday, it doesn't mean they'll do better than us over the whole season." Diouf insisted he should have earned a penalty in the second half, given he felt there was "definite contact" from a challenge in the penalty box: "It was a penalty, definitely, but the referee is the master on the pitch and he didn't give it. I know the Arsenal players think I dived, but I didn't."

</doc>
<doc id="19864985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19864985" title="Buzzard Roost, Mississippi">
Buzzard Roost, Mississippi

Buzzard Roost (also Buzzardroost) is an unincorporated community in George County, Mississippi. It is located in the vicinity of Mississippi Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks District 6.

</doc>
<doc id="19865003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865003" title="Lawsuits against God">
Lawsuits against God

Lawsuits against God have occurred in real life and in fiction. Issues debated in the actions include the problem of evil and harmful "acts of God".
Actual suits.
Ernie Chambers.
In the U.S. state of Nebraska, State Senator Ernie Chambers filed a suit in 2008 against God, seeking a permanent injunction against God's harmful activities, as an effort to publicize the issue of public access to the court system. The suit was dismissed because God could not be properly notified, not having an address. The Judge stated, "Given that this court finds that there can never be service effectuated on the named defendant this action will be dismissed with prejudice". The senator, assuming God to be singular and all-knowing, responded "The court itself acknowledges the existence of God. A consequence of that acknowledgement is a recognition of God's omniscience ... Since God knows everything, God has notice of this lawsuit." Chambers filed the lawsuit in response to another lawsuit that he considers to be frivolous and inappropriate.
In response to Chambers' case, two responses were filed. The first was from a Corpus Christi lawyer, Eric Perkins, who wanted to answer the question "what would God say". The second was filed in Douglas County, Nebraska District Court. The source of the second response, claiming to be from "God", is unclear as no contact information was given.
On July 30, 2008, local media sources reported the Douglas County District Court was going to deny Chambers' lawsuit because Chambers had failed to notify the defendant. However, on August 1, Chambers was granted a court date of August 5 in order to proceed with his lawsuit. "The scheduling hearing will give me a chance to lay out the facts that would justify the granting of the motion," Chambers was quoted as saying. He added, "Once the court enters the injunction, that's as much as I can do," he said. "That's as much as I would ask the court. I wouldn't expect them to enforce it."
However, a judge finally did throw out the case, saying the Almighty was not properly served due to his unlisted home address. , Chambers filed an appeal to the Nebraska Supreme Court. The former state senator John DeCamp and E. O. Augustsson in Sweden, asked to represent God. Augustsson's letters, mentioning the Bjorn (see the BjornSocialist Republic) were stricken as "frivolous". The Appeals Court gave Chambers until February 24 to show that he notified DeCamp and Augustsson of his brief, which he did. The case was finally closed on February 25 when the Nebraska Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal and vacated the order of the district court. The court quoted cases according to which " court decides real controversies and determines rights actually controverted, and does not address or dispose of abstract questions or issues that might arise in hypothetical or fictitious situation or setting".
Pavel M.
A Romanian prisoner, identified as Pavel M, serving 20 years after being convicted of murder, filed a lawsuit against the Romanian Orthodox Church, as God's representatives in Romania, for failing to keep him from the Devil, essentially stating that his baptism had been a binding contract. The suit was dismissed because the defendant was neither an individual nor a company, and was not subject to the civil court of law's jurisdiction.
Fictional suits.
In the comedy film "The Man Who Sued God" (2001), a fisherman played by Billy Connolly successfully challenges the right of insurance companies to refuse payment for a destroyed boat on the common legal exemption clause of an Act of God. In a suit against the world's religious institutions as God's representatives on Earth, the religious institutions face the dilemma of either having to state God does not exist to uphold the legal principle, or being held liable for damages caused by Acts of God.
Similarly, in an Indian film, Oh My God (2012), the protagonist Kanji Mehta (character played by Paresh Rawal) files a lawsuit against God when his shop is destroyed in an earthquake and the insurance company refuses to take his claim, stating that "Act of God" is not covered under his insurance policy.
In the "Angels And Blimps" (1998) episode of the television legal drama "Ally McBeal", a boy with leukaemia attempts to sue God. In the episode "" (2006-2007) of the television legal drama comedy "Boston Legal", a woman sues God for the death of her husband. "God in the Dock", a 1980 episode of Christian TV series "Insight", featured Richard Beymer as God put on trial by humanity.
In the Fyodor Dostoyevsky novel "The Brothers Karamazov" (1880), one of the characters tells the story of a grand inquisitor in Spain who meets an incarnation of Jesus, interrogates him and exiles him.
Former Auschwitz concentration camp inmate Elie Wiesel is said to have witnessed three Jewish prisoners try God "in absentia" for abandoning the Jewish people during the Holocaust. From this experience, Wiesel wrote the play and novel "The Trial of God" (1979). It is set in a Ukrainian village during 1649 after a massacre of the Jewish inhabitants, possibly as part of the Khmelnytsky Uprising. In the play, three travelling minstrels arrive in the village, having intended to perform a play. Instead they perform a mock trial of God for allowing the massacre. The verdict is innocent, after a stirring lone defence by a stranger who, in a twist, is revealed to be the Devil.
The television play "God on Trial" (2008), written by Frank Cottrell Boyce, depicts a scene similar to that attributed to Elie Wiesel, but is also described by Boyce as "apocryphal". In it, three Auschwitz prisoners sue God. The trial returns a guilty verdict, although with likely reasons for appeal.
In the "Touched by an Angel" (1998) episode "Jones vs God", a town is dying from a drought while other towns around it have received rain. Mr. Jones therefore sues God for unfair treatment. Tess represents God in the matter.
In a satirical news piece, "The Onion" parody newspaper published an article stating that New York attorneys had filed a class action lawsuit on behalf of the Children of Israel (the Israelites). The suit alleged a breach of the religious covenant between God and his chosen people, and sought $4.2 trillion in punitive and compensatory damages.
"Blameless in Abaddon", the second book of the Godhead Trilogy by James Morrow, features a magistrate who tries God for crimes against humanity.
"Christ on Trial" is a book written by Roger Dixon describing a TV program trying Jesus Christ in a US court.

</doc>
<doc id="19865005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865005" title="Beijing–Shijiazhuang High-Speed Railway">
Beijing–Shijiazhuang High-Speed Railway

Beijing–Shijiazhuang High-Speed Railway () is a 281-kilometre high-speed rail line between Beijing and Shijiazhuang in China opened on 26 December 2012 after 4 years of construction. The total investment is 43.87 billion yuan. The design speed is 350 km/h, and the opening cut travel times between Beijing and Shijiazhuang from 2 hours to about 1 hour. This railway is the northern section of the 2100 km high-speed Jinggang line connecting Beijing and Guangzhou, but also speeds up trains between Beijing and Taiyuan, which continue on the Shitai Passenger Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19865057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865057" title="Arkansas gubernatorial election, 2002">
Arkansas gubernatorial election, 2002

The 2002 Arkansas gubernatorial election took place on 5 November 2002 for the post of Governor of Arkansas. Incumbent Republican governor Mike Huckabee defeated Democratic State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher.
Republican primary.
Mike Huckabee filed to run for re-election for a second full term in March 2002 at the same time as his wife, Janet Huckabee, filed to run for Secretary of State of Arkansas. They became the first governor and spouse to run on the same ballot for state offices. Huckabee easily won the Republican primary on May 21 defeating retired banker Doyle Cannady.
Democratic primary.
In the Democratic primary State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher easily defeated lesser known opponents.
Source: 2002 Gubernatorial Democratic Primary Election Results - Arkansas
Campaign.
At the start of the election campaign Huckabee was expected to win the election easily with a poll in July showing him 16% ahead. Fisher began the campaign by unveiling plans on issues such as prescription drugs, education and domestic violence. She also attacked Huckabee for mismanagement and likened him to a dictator for his response to criticism over cost overruns in a new computer system.
Huckabee's record as Governor became an issue in the election with Fisher's campaign attacking Huckabee for granting clemency to violent criminals, including a rapist. However Huckabee responded that he had signed more death warrants and executed more people than any other governor of Arkansas. Huckabee called on voters to support him due to the progress in education, health care and the economy during his period as governor. Huckabee also criticised Fisher for receiving help from former governor Bill Clinton, describing him as having had his turn.
Huckabee's lead in the polls declined as the election neared, with a poll in September showing him with a 12% lead and one in mid-October showing him 10% ahead. Near the end of October a poll showed Huckabee only 2% ahead of Fisher. Huckabee's campaign was hurt by his wife's struggling campaign to become Arkansas secretary of state; voters were concerned over the couple holding too much power, with polls showing Janet Huckabee over 20% behind. In late October a fundraising letter from Huckabee's campaign described it as in crisis. Huckabee was also sued by his daughter Sarah in his role as governor in a lawsuit he wanted to lose. This came after a state court ordered that students should be removed from the voting rolls in Arkadelphia. Huckabee suggested his daughter join a federal lawsuit which succeeded in getting the students restored.
Election results.
Huckabee won the election by 53% to 47%, however his wife was decisively defeated in the Secretary of State election. After his victory Huckabee received a call from President George W. Bush to congratulate him.

</doc>
<doc id="19865065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865065" title="Thomas Twining Keefler">
Thomas Twining Keefler

Thomas Twining Keefler (March 26, 1824 – November 16, 1906) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg in the Canadian House of Commons from 1882 to 1883 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, of Austrian descent. In 1870, he married Lydia Sophia Tupper. Keefler supported an elected senate. His election in 1882 was declared void and he was defeated by Charles Edwin Kaulbach in the by-election which followed in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19865068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865068" title="Azteca Trece">
Azteca Trece

Azteca Trece (or Azteca 13) is a Mexican television broadcast network owned by Azteca, with affiliate stations all over Mexico all of which are owned and operated by Azteca. Azteca Trece uses Mexico, Distrito Federal's XHDF as its flagship station and its channel as part of its name. Azteca Trece's programming is available in HD and is available where affiliates are broadcasting in digital television. Azteca Trece programming is available in Mexico through SKY México and some Azteca Trece programming can be seen in Azteca America and Azteca Mexico on channel 442 on DirecTV in the United States. 
Azteca Trece Internacional.
The network also operates an international version of Azteca Trece as Azteca Trece Internacional, reaching 13 countries in Central and South America. On July 15, 2004, the CRTC in Canada denied a request for Azteca Trece Internacional to be broadcast via digital cable and satellite. However, a second subsequent request was approved on January 20, 2006. The channel is available in Canada on Rogers Digital Cable, Vidéotron & Bell Fibe TV.
Programming.
Daytime programming consists of original news, talk, and general programming. Most of Azteca 13's primetime programming consists of telenovelas.<br>Winter 2011 primetime programming consists of: 
Azteca Trece affiliates.
The following is a list of all full-time Azteca 13 affiliates:

</doc>
<doc id="19865100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865100" title="Gilfillan Biotic Area">
Gilfillan Biotic Area

Gilfillan Biotic Area is a protected wetland area in Beltrami County, Minnesota.
History.
Gilfillan Biotic Area may be named for Episcopal missionary and linguist Joseph Gilfillan.
Description.
The Gillifan Biotic Area is an undeveloped natural area that holds an abundance of wild orchids and white spruce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19865108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865108" title="Hull Victoria Dock railway station">
Hull Victoria Dock railway station

Hull Victoria Dock railway station was the terminus of the North Eastern Railway's Victoria Dock Branch Line in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The station also served as the terminus of the Hull and Holderness Railway before it was rerouted into Hull Paragon railway station. It was opened by the York and North Midland Railway on 1 June 1853 and was closed on 1 June 1864.
The entire station was demolished in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19865125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865125" title="20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (disambiguation)">
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (disambiguation)

20,000 Leagues Under the Sea is a classic 1870 science fiction novel by Jules Verne.
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19865140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865140" title="Davidi Kitai">
Davidi Kitai

Davidi Kitai (born 1979) is a Belgian professional poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker $2,000 Pot-Limit Hold'em event, becoming the first Belgian to win a WSOP bracelet.
Kitai also finished sixth in a $5,000 No-Limit event at the 2008 WSOP and has also made a final table on the European Poker Tour, finishing third in the 2008 event in Barcelona.
He finished 4th in $10,000 World Championship Pot Limit Hold'em 2009 and won $183,638.
In February 2011, Kitai won the World Poker Tour (WPT) Celebrity Invitational event, earning $100,000.
At the 2012 PokerStars.com European Poker Tour (EPT) in Berlin, Kitai won his first EPT title earning €712,000. On heads-up phase Kitai was trailing Andrew Chen but his hero all-in call with Kc5c on 
2c-Qc-8h-4s-5d board gave him a considerable advantage over Chen and later won the match.
Kitai won his second bracelet at the 2013 World Series of Poker in the $5,000 Pot-Limit Hold'em event, defeating Cary Katz heads-up and earning $224,560.
He is one of only five players to win poker's "triple crown", joining Gavin Griffin, Bertrand Grospellier, Jake Cody and Roland De Wolfe. Poker's "triple crown" consists of winning a WSOP bracelet as well as titles on the WPT and EPT. There is some debate on the legitimacy of his "triple crown" achievement since his WPT win was a Celebrity Invitational event, thus not being an open event and arguments that this charity event had a weakened field.
His total live tournament winnings exceed $2,700,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19865148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865148" title="Bulnes, Chile">
Bulnes, Chile

Bulnes is a Chilean city and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Bulnes spans an area of and has 20,595 inhabitants (10,275 men and 10,320 women). Of these, 12,514 (60.8%) lived in urban areas and 8,081 (39.2%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 4.5% (882 persons).
Administration.
As a commune, Bulnes is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Rodrigo De La Puente Acuña (ILE). The municipal council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Bulnes is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Quillón, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19865149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865149" title="Manuel Sánchez Torres">
Manuel Sánchez Torres

Manuel Sánchez Torres (born 1 January 1960) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.
Almost all of his professional career was spent in the Netherlands, where he appeared for three different teams – namely Twente – and played in nearly 250 official games.
Football career.
Torres was born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Catalonia. When he was seven years old he moved with his parents to Almelo in the Netherlands, and he started his football career at local amateur club PH Almelo, being subsequently noticed and signed by Eredivisie side FC Twente. 
On 17 September 1978, aged 18, Torres made his league debut for Twente, in a home game against Sparta Rotterdam, scoring his first goal a few weeks later at HFC Haarlem, and ending his first season with three goals in 23 matches as the Enschede club finished in 11th position and reached the final of the Dutch Cup, lost to league champions AFC Ajax. 
From 1980 onwards Sánchez Torres scored in double digits in every season at Twente, safe for the 1982–83 campaign, which ended in relegation to the second division – followed by immediate promotion, with player netting 11 times for the runners-up.
In 1985, Torres returned to his country and signed for Valencia CF, making his debut for the "Che" against Real Valladolid. During his spell with the club, where he was coached by Alfredo Di Stéfano, he failed to reproduce his previous form, scoring only once and also suffering La Liga relegation in his first season.
After leaving Valencia, Sánchez Torres returned to Holland and joined Roda JC in the top division, but appeared sparingly for that and his following clubs, NEC Nijmegen and Heracles Almelo – no games whatsoever for the latter – due to injury, retiring from football in 1993 at age 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19865177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865177" title="Derde Klasse">
Derde Klasse

The Derde Klasse () is the seventh tier of football in the Netherlands and the fifth tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 44 division, 20 played on Saturday and 24 on Sunday.
Each division consists of 12 teams. The champions are promoted to the Tweede Klasse, the teams finishing 11th and 12th are relegated to the Vierde Klasse. Each season is divided into a number of periods (). The winner of these periods qualify for promotion playoffs, provided they finish in the top nine overall in the season. The team finishing 10th in the final rankings play relegation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19865183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865183" title="Transistor Revolt">
Transistor Revolt

Transistor Revolt is the eponymous self-released demo EP by the punk rock band Transistor Revolt before changing their name to Rise Against in 2000. It was released on CD format and is no longer in print, as all tracks have been re-recorded for Rise Against's debut album "The Unraveling" and its 2005 Reissue. The EP is the only release which featured original drummer Toni Tintari, who left the band in the fall of 2000 before recording for "The Unraveling" began.
Background.
"Transistor Revolt" was produced shortly after Transistor Revolt's (later Rise Against) formation in late 1999 after lead vocalist (and later guitarist) Tim McIlrath met bassist Joe Principe at a Sick of It All concert. McIlrath was invited to sing over the tracks which the existing members had written, and soon afterward joined the band. In early 2000, the band recorded their eponymous demo album through a recording studio set up by Mr. Precision, who also worked as an assistant audio engineer on the band's 2001 debut full-length album "The Unraveling". The demo's distribution caught the attention of Fat Wreck Chords manager Fat Mike, which the band signed onto the label to record "The Unraveling" and "Revolutions Per Minute". Shortly after the demo's release, Toni Tintari left the band, and was replaced by Brandon Barnes from Pinhead Circus.
All songs were re-recorded for appearance on "The Unraveling", with the exception of "Join the Ranks," which was featured as a bonus track on "The Unraveling"'s 2005 Reissue. "Two" was re-titled as "401 Kill" for the release.

</doc>
<doc id="19865195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865195" title="Perfect World (Huey Lewis and the News song)">
Perfect World (Huey Lewis and the News song)

"Perfect World" is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News and released as the first single from the album "Small World" in late June 1988. The single peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 and #48 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song, which was written by Alex Call, is about how we don't live in a perfect world, even though we like to believe to, and that there is nothing wrong with keeping on believing that we do. The song was mostly positively received, and the music video, which featured the band singing in a garbage dump, was in heavy rotation at MTV.
History.
The song was written by Alex Call, a former bandmate of Lewis and Sean Hopper from the band, Clover. Call had previously co-written the hit song "867-5309/Jenny" for Tommy Tutone. Huey Lewis gave the song a reggae flavor. The song is an optimistic commentary on a human being's hopes and dreams, as well as our private thoughts. The song tells the person to "keep on dreaming," because there will never be a perfect world. The song admits that life isn't perfect, but tells the listener to use the power of positive dreaming to cope with the reality. The B-side to the single was an instrumental album track, "Slammin'"
Music video.
The music video features the band playing on a stage in a garbage dump field, with various pieces of garbage flying in the air, hitting various members of the band. Throughout the video, Huey Lewis dances and strolls through a pathway as work is done by garbage trucks behind him. At the end of the video, the band is seen posing by more garbage. The video received heavy rotation on MTV.
Reception.
Reception for the song was mostly positive. Lynn Van Matre of the "Chicago Tribune" said that the song was "Wry," and it seemed "destined" to be another top ten single from the band. According to Martin Moynihan of thee "Albany Times Union", the song was "a pop music mix of Lewis' usual musical optimism tempered with an element of reserve" Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said of the song, "None of the musical diversions work as well as the bouncy Top Ten hit 'Perfect World.'" Erlewine also believed that the song ranked "with the group's best material." Jerry Spangler of "Deseret News" said that the song was a "captivating rocker." "New York Times" reviewer Stephen Holden considers the song a "companion piece" to the first song off of the "Small World" album, "Small World, Part One".
Chart performance.
"Perfect World" was the first single released from the album "Small World". Originally to be released in mid-June, the single's release was held off until later in the month. It was the last top-ten hit for the band, peaking at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was prevented from moving further up the chart by Guns N' Roses' "Sweet Child O' Mine", and Robert Palmer's "Simply Irresistible".

</doc>
<doc id="19865227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865227" title="Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital (Nashville)">
Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital (Nashville)

Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital, formerly known as Baptist Hospital, is a not-for-profit community hospital in Nashville, Tennessee, United States and the largest such hospital in Middle Tennessee. It is licensed for 683 acute and rehab care beds.
Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital is operated by Saint Thomas Health Services, which also operates Saint Thomas Hospital in Nashville, Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro and Hickman Community Hospital in Centerville.
History.
In 1918, an influenza epidemic ravaged Nashville and out of this crisis Baptist Hospital was established. Originally known as Protestant Hospital, it was incorporated on December 12, 1918, by L.A Bowers, Leslie Creek, E.B. Craig, R.M. Dudley and John A. Pitts.
The 10-and-a-half-acre plot bought from the Murphy estate consisted of two adjoining city blocks, bounded by four city streets: Patterson Street on the north, Church Street on the south, 20th Avenue on the east and 21st Avenue on the west. There were two buildings – one became the hospital and one became the dormitory for the School of Nursing.
On March 20, 1919, Protestant Hospital opened its doors. It was equipped with 80 beds and a fully equipped surgical department. In the first year alone, 2,233 patients were treated; 1,685 of them had major surgery. Gladys Kilby was the first patient admitted and gave birth to a baby girl, Anita Kilby Lewis.
Debt grew quickly during the Great Depression and during World War II. As a result of the ongoing financial difficulties, the ownership of Protestant Hospital was transferred to the Tennessee Baptist Convention in 1948 and became Mid-State Baptist Hospital. The name would later change to Baptist Hospital on December 17, 1964. By 1973, Baptist Hospital, with its 600 beds, had become the largest hospital in the Midsouth. It purchased five buildings from Saint Thomas Hospital’s vacated Church Street property in 1975. In 1986, Baptist Hospital and Saint Thomas Hospital partnered to purchase Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro, Tenn.
In January 2002, Baptist Hospital joined Saint Thomas Health Services' regional health system and became a member of Ascension Health, a Catholic organization that is the largest not-for-profit health system in the United States.
Spiritual Care Initiative.
A faith-based hospital, Baptist encourages spiritual healing in addition to physical health. Hospital leaders developed "Creating a Healing Environment: Spiritual Care Initiative" in order to better integrate spirituality into the workplace. The concept takes a department-by-department approach to spiritual care.
Baptist Hospital chaplains meet with a department manager to discuss the spiritual care initiative and select a committee of multidisciplinary staff members. Relying on input from colleagues, the team members develop ways spiritual care can enhance their department.
The hospital's neonatal intensive care unit has added a staff prayer to be said at shift change, a box where people can submit prayer requests, a prayer board in the break room and an "inspiration station," a basket full of hand-outs on spiritual care as well as greeting cards that associates can give to one another and others.
Saint Thomas Heart.
A collaborative effort among its family of hospitals (Saint Thomas Hospital, Baptist Hospital, Middle Tennessee Medical Center and Hickman Community Hospital) and other clinics and health care facilities throughout Middle Tennessee and Southern Kentucky, Saint Thomas Heart provides complete cardiac services from more than 20 locations.
In 2008, Saint Thomas Heart was ranked #1 in Tennessee for Coronary Interventional Procedures by HealthGrades. The hospitals of Saint Thomas Heart also received five-star ratings for the treatment of heart failure and atrial fibrillation, coronary interventional procedures and coronary services. Saint Thomas Heart was also ranked among the top 5% in the nation for coronary interventions and the top 10% in the nation for cardiology services.
Also in 2008, Thomson/Reuters named Saint Thomas Heart to its list of top 100 cardiovascular community hospitals.
In 2010, The cardiologists and heart surgeons at St Thomas Hospital and Baptist Hospital joined together under the parent company Saint Thomas Heart. Though both groups of physicians still practice separately at each hospital.
Chest Pain Network.
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network is a division of Saint Thomas Health Services that coordinates with local emergency medical services (EMS) and hospitals to provide cardiac care services. The Chest Pain Network includes 15 hospitals in Tennessee and Kentucky, all accredited by the Society of Chest Pain Centers.
Neurosciences Institute.
The Saint Thomas Health Services Neurosciences Institute is among the Nashville area's most comprehensive brain, back, nervous system and spine centers. In 2008, independent health care rating company HealthGrades gave Saint Thomas a five-star rating for back and neck surgery.
Among the ailments and diseases treated through the Neurosciences Institute are stroke, brain tumors, ALS, sleep disorders, spine injuries, multiple sclerosis, chronic pain and Parkinson's disease.
The Saint Thomas Brain & Spine Tumor Center is a collaboration between the Neurosciences Institute and the Dan Rudy Cancer Center. Saint Thomas uses the Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery System, an advanced stereostatic radiotherapy treatment that focuses radiation to the shape of the tumor and results in minimum damage to surrounding tissue. The Saint Thomas Health Services Neurosciences Institute is the only health care center in Tennessee to provide Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery.
Metabolic Surgery Center.
The Metabolic Surgery Center at Baptist Hospital provides a variety of weight loss procedures to assist in the treatment of morbid obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, arthritis, asthma, acid reflux, infertility and high cholesterol.
These bariatric procedures include the Laparoscopic Adjustable Gastric Band (LAP-BAND) System, Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass, Open or Laparoscopic Duodenal Switch and Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy.
Orthopedic Services.
Baptist Hospital is home to the Joint Replacement Center, which was rated among the top 10 in Tennessee by HealthGrades for Joint Replacement.
In addition to joint replacement, other orthopedic services include sports medicine (including sports physicals), rehabilitation, spine care and surgery, foot and ankle care, and hand, wrist and shoulder care.
Sports Medicine.
A specialized extension of its orthopedic program, Baptist Sports Medicine combines several services under its umbrella, including general orthopedics, physical therapy, aquatic therapy, athletic medicine and occupational therapy. Baptist Sports Medicine is the exclusive health care provider to the Tennessee Titans, Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association and Lipscomb University.
In 2007, Baptist Sports Medicine managing director Trent Nessler headed a research team to evaluate screening tests and evaluate their predictive value for athletic injury when used as a pre-assessment tool.
Baptist Sports Medicine clinics can be found throughout Middle Tennessee, with locations in downtown Nashville, Antioch, Bellevue, Brentwood, Centerville, Green Hills, Murfreesboro, Pleasant View, Rivergate and Spring Hill, as well as at Lipscomb University.
Life Therapies.
The Life Therapies offers specialized rehabilitation therapy services in a relaxed, non-hospital atmosphere. Because the recovery process can be an emotionally difficult experience, Life Therapies services are located in clinics that are designed as a comfortable environment conducive to healing.
Life Therapies clinics offer services for a variety of stages in a patient's life, including treatment of lymphedema, and neurological, post-stroke, vestibular, pediatric, oncology and women's health issues. The staff consists of licensed physical, occupational and speech therapists. Life Therapies clinics focus on the patient experience, as well as on a strong clinical program, thus providing a unique approach to traditional rehabilitation.
Until January 2009, the Life Therapies services were provided under the umbrella of Baptist Sports Medicine. It was determined that creating the new Life Therapies service line would allow therapists and physicians to better treat patients that don't require traditional sports medicine.
The six clinics are found throughout Middle Tennessee, including locations at Baptist Medical Plaza I in downtown Nashville, Green Hills, Maryland Farms YMCA in Brentwood, Spring Hill and two locations in Murfreesboro.
Center for Pelvic Health.
The Center for Pelvic Health is made up of a multidisciplinary team to diagnose and treat pelvic health disorders, focusing on chronic pain and incontinence. The center touts the use of unique treatments, such as non-surgical interventions (cystoscopy, urodynamics, colposcopy and tibial nerve stimulation), pelvic floor physical therapy (postural and pelvic floor muscle evaluation), and surgical treatment options (diagnostic laparoscopy, awake pain mapping, urethral slings and advanced robotic techniques).
The Center for Pelvic Health is a referral center and works with patients' primary care physicians for treatment.
Women's Health.
The hospitals of Saint Thomas Health Services partner together to provide women's health services that range from gynecology and breast health to pelvic health and birthing services. Baptist Hospital is also home to a level III neonatal intensive care unit.
Cancer Program.
The Saint Thomas Health Services Cancer Program uses innovative cancer treatments, integrated therapies and comprehensive education and prevention in the battle against cancer. An American College of Surgeons-accredited program, Saint Thomas Health Services provides treatment and prevention services for a number of forms of cancer, including brain, breast, cervical, colon, lung, ovarian, prostate, uterine and others.
As part of its treatment, the Saint Thomas Health Services Cancer Program partners with world-renowned institutions, including Cleveland Clinic and Tennessee Oncology, to partake in community-based clinical trials in oncology and related therapies. This, along with a network of more than 44 physicians, allows Saint Thomas to identify innovative solutions for advanced patient care and improve outcomes for cancer patients.
In December 2008, Baptist Hospital's cancer program was recognized by the Commission on Cancer of the American College of Surgeons as offering the best in cancer care. Baptist Hospital received Three-Year Approval with Commendation from the Commission on Cancer.
Critical Care Units.
There are 4 main intensive care units at Baptist Hospital. The Medical ICU, Neuro-Surgical ICU, CVICU, and the Coronary Care Unit.
The Medical intensive care unit has 13 beds and treats a variety of critically ill patients. The Surgical intensive care unit also has 13 beds and treats Neurological and Surgical patients. The CVICU is a new unit developed in 2012 that sees the post Coronary Artery Bypass patients. The Coronary Care unit sees heart attack and heart failure patients. A heart doctor from St Thomas Heart is always in the hospital 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
In 2008, The Nerological ICU and the Surgical ICU combined beds and formed the current Nero-Surgical ICU.
The patients in all of these units are cared for by a special breed of critical care nurses and a critical care hospitalists who are present in the units 24 hours a day 7 days a week. Family members are encouraged to visit their family members during visiting hours. When it is not visiting hours, families can wait in the critical care waiting room on the 5th floor of the hospital.
The Baptist Hospital Foundation.
The Baptist Hospital Foundation is the fund raising arm of Baptist Hospital. The Foundation raises capital in order to help fund the hospital's research, education and charity programs. Gifts can be unrestricted or designated to any of the 16 funds associated with Baptist Hospital.
Donors who contribute an annual gift of $1,000 or more are provided membership into the Friends of the Foundation program. The membership includes tours of new innovations or programs, a newsletter, valet parking at the hospital and recognition in Foundation publications.
As part of its fund raising efforts, the Foundation coordinates several annual events, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19865232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865232" title="William Levett (courtier)">
William Levett (courtier)

William Levett, Esq., (sometimes spelled William Levet) was a long serving courtier to King Charles I of England. Levett accompanied the King during his flight from Parliamentary forces, including his escape from Hampton Court palace, and eventually to his imprisonment in Carisbrooke Castle on the Isle of Wight, and finally to the scaffold on which he was executed. Following the King's death, Levett wrote a letter claiming that he had witnessed the King writing the so-called Eikon Basilike during his imprisonment, an allegation that produced a flurry of new claims about the disputed manuscript and flamed a growing movement to rehabilitate the image of the executed monarch. 
The brother of Rev. Richard Levett of Ashwell, Rutland, William Levett was likely born in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, Levett entered the Royal service as a Page of the Backstairs, eventually rising to Groom of the Bedchamber. As a courtier, Levett likely benefitted from favors dispensed by the monarchy. 
Levett's appointment as courtier seems to date from the beginning of King Charles' reign. By the time the King had been captured and sent to Carisbrooke Castle on the Isle of Wight, it was clear that Levett had made himself indispensable: the King requested that Levett be one of the few courtiers allowed to accompany him there. During the King's escape from Hampton Court, Levett had apparently proven his mettle, accompanying the King in his flight southward away from Parliamentary forces.
Towards the end of his life, writing from his home in Wiltshire, where he owned Levett's Farm within Savernake Forest, The letter, signed by Levet on 29 April 1691, and incorporated into later editions of the work alleged to have been authored by the monarch, was celebrated by those who wished to see the dead King as saint for having given his life for the cause of the nation.
"If anyone has a desire to know the true author of the book entitled Eikon Basilike," Levett wrote, "I, one of the servants of King Charles the First, in his bedchamber, do declare, when his said Majesty was prisoner in the Isle of Wight, that I read over the above mentioned book, (which was long before the said book was printed) in his bed-chamber, writ with his Majesty's own hand, with several underlinings."
"I can testify also," Levett continued in his letter, "that Royston the printer told me, that he was imprisoned by Oliver Cromwell, the Protector, because he would not declare that King Charles the First, was not the author of the said Book." Besides Levett, Royston the printer figured prominently in the attempts to prove that the King himself had authored the Eikon Basilike.
In his letter, which he gave to his son Dr. Henry Levett of the Charterhouse London, Levett made clear that he was much in favor with Charles, which contemporary observers noted. In a later letter to Lincoln's Inn barrister Seymour Bourman, Levett noted that he was nearly always in the King's presence. "I waited on his Majesty, as page of the bedchamber in ordinary, during all the time of his solitudes, (except when I was forced from him). And specially being nominated by his Majesty to be one of his servants, among others, that should attend him during the treaty at Newport, in the isle of Wight."
John Ashburnham, another of the King's courtiers also from an old Sussex gentry family, noted in a memoir published later by a descendant that Levett was much in favor with the King and was often to be seen in his presence. "I believe Mr. Firebrace, Mr. Dowset and Mr. Levet know most of them," Ashburnham recalled in his memoir about those who assisted courtier Levet at the time of Charles' death. "The names of these three gentlemen," notes the manuscript, "frequently occur in the histories and memoirs of that time as employed near the king's person, and much in his majesty's confidence."
Following the execution of the King, Oliver Cromwell permitted the King's head to be sewn back onto his body for burial. Charles was buried in private on the night of February 7, 1649, inside the Henry VIII vault in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. William Levett Esq. and four other royal retainers—Sir Thomas Herbert, Capt. Anthony Mildmay, Sir Henry Firebrace and Abraham Dowcett (sometimes spelled Dowsett) -- conveyed the King's body to Windsor. The King's son, King Charles II, later planned an elaborate royal mausoleum, but it was never built.
Following the rule of Cromwell and Parliament, Levett, now acting as an officer in the militia, aided the Royal forces when they retook Marlborough, a former hotbed of Roundhead sentiment. In a letter to Col. Charles Seymour of 1663, Levett wrote of riding into Marlborough, where he and a party of Royalist sympathizers "assaulted the burial place of the Quakers at Wanton and laid it waste, leaving all the prey to the owners' disposal." 
William Levett lived out the rest of his life following his service to King Charles at his homes in Wiltshire, where he had secured a sinecure as an agent and surveyor for Francis Seymour, 5th Duke of Somerset. Levett had leased the Swindon manor house of the Goddard family property at Swindon beginning in 1658. On 22 January 1658, Francis Bowman Gent., "guardian of Thomas Goddard, leased to Levett a "mansion house lately occupied by Anne Goddard in Swindon." Later Goddard family leases to Levett, who retained his farm within Savernake Forest, would come to include other lands owned by the Goddard family in Swindon. In the lease of April 5, 1664, the lease by Goddard notes that "the Parke etc." is included as well as the Goddard mansion. Levett subsequently buried two of his children at Holy Rood Church, the church on the Goddard estate in Swindon.
Levett frequented acted in legal matters on behalf of the county, and subsequently served King Charles II of England as Page of the Backstairs, beginning at the Restoration in 1660. How long he served the Royal Household is his second incarnation as a courtier is unclear, and he spent the rest of his life trying to recover a pension for his time as a courtier. The former courtier did receive monies from the Crown from time to time, including two such payments in 1680, one advanced out of the "remains of the Queen's Portugal portion."
Two of his infant children born during his Wiltshire residence are buried within Holyrood Church in Swindon. Levett's daughter Catherine married Rev. Edward Dering. She died in 1701 and is buried with other members of the Dering family within the church of Charing, Kent. There is a monument to Catherine Levett Dering on the floor of the church chancel. They had no children. 
"Here lieth the Body of Catherine DERING," reads the monument to the daughter of William Levett, "wife of the Reverend Edward Dering, clerk. She was daughter of William LEVET Esquire who served King Charles the First many years and attended him on ye scaffold at the time of his martyrdom. She departed this life December 4th 1701 and left noe issue."
Levett's sworn statement about the King, once in the hands of his son Dr. Henry Levett, later disappeared. There are indications that Henry Levett, a fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, may given the original to the well-known Oxford antiquarian Anthony Wood. The mementos presented to Levett from King Charles following his death on the scaffold are still owned by the descendants of William Levett's brother, vicar Richard Levett of Rutland, who live at Milford Hall in Staffordshire. It is also likely that two portraits by artist Sir Anthony van Dyck of King Charles I and his Queen, later in the possession of Sir Richard Levett, Lord Mayor of London, were initially owned by courtier William Levet and found their way to his nephew the Lord Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="19865245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865245" title="Grey Legacy">
Grey Legacy

Grey Legacy is a science fiction webcomic by Wayne Wise and Fred Wheaton that was originally published in print form. The comic is hosted on Drunk Duck. The comic was among the first ever to win a Xeric Award in 1992.
Plot.
The comic is about Greylock, a student at an interstellar academy, and his rise to fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19865250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865250" title="2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship">
2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship

The 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship was the eighth edition of UEFA's European Under-17 Football Championship since it was renamed from the original under-16 event, in 2001. Germany hosted the championship, during May 6–18, 2009, in thirteen venues, and the final took place at the Stadion Magdeburg, in Magdeburg. 
Spain was the current title holder, having successfully defended its 2007 title.
The top 6 teams qualified for the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Qualification.
The final tournament of the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Championship was preceded by two qualification stages: a qualifying round and an Elite round. During these rounds, 52 national teams competed to determine the seven teams to join the already qualified host nation Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19865277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865277" title="Ninhue">
Ninhue

Ninhue is a Chilean commune and town in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Ninhue spans an area of and has 5,738 inhabitants (2,920 men and 2,818 women). Of these, 1,433 (25%) lived in urban areas and 4,305 (75%) in rural areas. The population fell by 10.6% (679 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Ninhue is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Luis Molina Melo (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Ninhue is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, (together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, San Nicolás, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="19865307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865307" title="Colorado Amendment 47">
Colorado Amendment 47

Amendment 47 was a proposed initiative on the Colorado ballot for 2008. It was defeated.
The initiative was proposed jointly by Ryan Frazier of Aurora and Julian Jay Cole of Golden. According to the Blue Book, the state-provided ballot guide, Amendment 47 "proposes amending the Colorado Constitution to: prohibit requiring an employee to join and pay any dues or fees to a labor union as a condition of employment; and create a misdemeanor penalty for violation of this law."
If ratified, Amendment 47 would have added a new section to the Colorado Constitution, which would state, in part:
Fact-checking.
Pro-Amendment 47 political ads.
KUSA, the NBC affiliate in Denver, Colorado, analyzed one of the political ads supporting Amendment 47. Among their conclusions were that the particular ad was misleading when it stated, "All it does, it gives workers the right to choose for themselves whether or not they want to join a union." KUSA's analysis states:
They also noted that agencies promoting passage of the amendment have received contributions from two organizations in Virginia, the Free Enterprise Alliance in Arlington the National Right to Work Committee in Springfield.
Anti-Amendment 47 political ads.
Channel Nine News also fact-checked a political ad from the opposition. Their conclusions (excerpted):
Controversy.
The backers of Amendment 47 have been found to have violated campaign finance laws: 
Amendment 47 backers run afoul of campaign finance law
Support and opposition.
One organization which supports Amendment 47 is called For A Better Colorado. An organization in opposition is called Protect Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19865311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865311" title="Soul Planet">
Soul Planet

Soul Planet is a recording studio and publishing company based in the center of Amsterdam. Founded by Roni Morgan and Michael Waters in 1998. In 2006 they composed a song for gospel singer Najiyah as a duet with Jennifer Holiday. The song 'Through The Storm' was a tribute to the victims of the 9-11 tragedy and was released by Rhythmbank Entertainment, the label of former Labelle member Nona Hendryx.
In January 2008 they produced the song Black Is The Colour for the debut album of Nina Simone's daughter Lisa Simone.
In 2008 Soul Planet released the track "Dear Rosa", written and composed as a tribute to the late Rosa Parks. Nona Hendryx and re-wrote part of the lyrics in order to make this a suitable track for the reunion album of Labelle Back to Now.
In 2009 they created a project called Brown Hill for which they composed, wrote and produced an album Soul Renaissance of which a compilation was eventually released in 2010. On the album they worked with local talented musicians such as John Aponno, Lars Karakusevic, Patty Gaddum, Giorgio Sitalani, Jerique, Mitch Kroon, MC Complex and MC Shockwave, but also with international artists such as Billy Preston, Leah McCrae and Founder of The Last Poets' Baby Kain, Kevin Hunter and John Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="19865323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865323" title="41 Potencjometrów Pana Jana">
41 Potencjometrów Pana Jana

41 Potencjometrów Pana Jana (""41 Mr. Jan's Potentiometers"") is a posthumously released live album by Czesław Niemen. It contains recordings from an improvised concert, performed at the Riviera club, Warsaw, on 9 May 1974 by his "Aerolit" project. The tape, "cut and mixed" by scissors and scotch tape by Niemen himself and Janusz Kosiński, was stored in the archives of Polish Radio.
The full concert was 82 minutes long, but the recording was shortened by Niemen and added to the archives in the late 1970s. The title ""41 Potencjometrów Pana Jana"" came from the name of Janusz Kosiński (who Niemen referred to as "Jan") who helped edit Niemens material, and the number of minutes of material that they kept from the original concert. (In fact, they had only eight potentiometers).

</doc>
<doc id="19865333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865333" title="Balbeg, Highland">
Balbeg, Highland

Overview.
Balbeg () is a small village located about 0.5 miles north east from Balnain, near Drumnadrochit, Inverness-shire (in the Scottish Highlands) and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. 
Balbeg is also the name of a small settlement, located on the north west shore of Loch Ness, about 4 miles south of Drumnadrochit. It is commonly confused with the real village of Balbeg.
History.
Glenurquhart used to be part of the lands of the Grants of Glenmorison, with the lands of the Frasers to the north for most of its time.
Climate.
The weather is pleasantly warm and sunny in the spring and summer, cool and fairly rainy in the autumn and very cold and snowy (with some blizzards) in the winter.
Transport.
It is entirely by car or foot in to Balnain and Drumnadrochit. 

</doc>
<doc id="19865350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865350" title="Vierde Klasse">
Vierde Klasse

The Vierde Klasse () is the eight tier of football in the Netherlands and the sixth tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 70 division, 26 played on Saturday and 44 on Sunday.
Each division consists of 12 teams. The champions are promoted to the Derde Klasse, the teams finishing 11th and 12th are relegated to the Vijfde Klasse. Each season is divided into a number of periods (). The winner of these periods qualify for promotion playoffs, provided they finish in the top nine overall in the season. The team finishing 10th in the final rankings play relegation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19865385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865385" title="Hugo Villaverde">
Hugo Villaverde

Hugo Eduardo Villaverde (born 27 January 1954 in Santa Fe) is a retired Argentine football defender who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente.
Villaverde started his professional playing career in 1973 with home town club Colón de Santa Fe at the age of 19.
In 1975 he joined Independiente where he became a key player throughout the 1970s and 1980s. He won four league titles, the 1984 Copa Libertadores and Copa Intercontinental with the club. 
Villaverde played for the Argentina national team in 1979, but never returned to the international scene after suffering an injury in friendly match against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19865405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865405" title="Evelina Papoulia">
Evelina Papoulia

Evelina Papoulia (Greek: Εβελίνα Παπούλια), born in Athens, Greece, on 25 March 1971, is a Greek actress/dancer.
Career.
In 1989 she moved to New York to study dance at The Martha Graham School of Contemporary Dance and acting at The Lee Strasberg Theater Institute. During her time in New York, she took part in several plays, such as "West Side Story" (1993), while participating in the Mega Dance Company. Originally she wanted to obtain the American citizenship, but failing to do so she returned to Athens in 1993 and continued working as an actress. Evelina first claimed stardom as the hysterical blond TV persona Marina Kountouratou, who fell in love with a man of classic education, in "Dyo Xenoi" in 1997.
Her film debut was in the successful Greek film "Safe Sex" in 1999.
While working on TV shows, she continued her career on stage with plays such as "Waiting Till Dark" (1999) and the rock musical Hedwig and the Angry Inch.
From 2006 until 2008, she was a judge at the Greek version of "So You Think You Can Dance".
Personal life.
Papoulia has a daughter named Afroditi-Maria, from her first marriage to George Lianos. In May 2008, she married director Panagiotis Kravvas in Scotland.(and got divorced in 2008)
This article incorporates text from the corresponding article in the Greek Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="19865412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865412" title="Vijfde Klasse">
Vijfde Klasse

The Vijfde Klasse () is the ninth tier of football in the Netherlands and the seventh tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 55 divisions, 11 played on Saturday and 44 on Sunday.
Each division consists of 12 teams. The champions are promoted to the Vierde Klasse, the teams finishing 11th and 12th are relegated to the Zesde Klasse. Each season is divided into a number of periods (). The winner of these periods qualify for promotion playoffs, provided they finish in the top nine overall in the season. The team finishing 10th in the final rankings play relegation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19865424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865424" title="The Tailor of Gloucester (TV film)">
The Tailor of Gloucester (TV film)

The Tailor of Gloucester was a television Christmas Special broadcast in 1989 on ITV, based on the children's story by Beatrix Potter.
Plot.
This adaption tells the story of a poor tailor, his cat, and the mice that live in his shop. He has many scraps of cloth and ribbons left over that are too small for any practical use. The mice take these and make fine clothes for themselves.
The tailor sends his cat Simpkin to buy food and a twist of cherry-coloured silk for a coat the mayor has commissioned for his wedding, which will take place on Christmas morning.
While the cat is gone, he frees the mice from teacups where Simpkin has imprisoned them. When Simpkin returns and finds his mice gone, he hides the twist in anger.
When the tailor falls ill, the mice save the day by completing the coat. (One buttonhole remains incomplete because the mice run out of twist).
Notes.
The building the story is set in is, externally at least, virtually unchanged from Beatrix Potter's time. It currently sells Beatrix Potter memorabilia and is based in Gloucester.

</doc>
<doc id="19865425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865425" title="Stevenage Outer Orbital Path">
Stevenage Outer Orbital Path

Stevenage Outer Orbital Path (STOOP) is a long distance path orbiting the town of Stevenage in Hertfordshire. Established by North Herts Ramblers Group, it is long and is split into several sections, accessible via a series of links from the town. The route passes through Graveley, Walkern, Beane Valley, Datchworth, Woolmer Green, Knebworth Park, St Ippolyts and Little Wymondley. It was launched on 20 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19865443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865443" title="French ship Sibylle">
French ship Sibylle

Eleven ships of the French Navy have born the name Sibylle (or Sybille):

</doc>
<doc id="19865455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865455" title="House of Kabužić">
House of Kabužić

The House of Kabužić (Italian: Caboga)[http://books.google.cl/books?id=RGRpAAAAMAAJ&q=caboga&dq=caboga&lr=&ei=aOiPS5_CA5W0kATs2aScDQ&cd=11, often transliterated into ""Kaboga"", was a Croatian noble family from the Republic of Ragusa – present-day Dubrovnik ("Kabužić" is the Croatian rendering, ""Caboga"" is the historical surname, Dalmatian language and Italian rendering). Given their considerable family size, economic power, the social and political status, they may be said to have been among the better-off noble families, one of the most recognized and oldest in the Republic of Dubrovnik, originating from the 8th century. Many of its members were Rectors () of the Republic. The Austrian Empire recognized its long-standing nobility in 1818 and 1833 with the grade of Count.
Origins of the Caboga family.
It cannot be said with certainty what the relationship of the family later known as Caboga was with Marina Hobužić, who was mentioned once in 1253 as a member of the Great Council ("Veliko Vijeće"). But all of the Caboga at the end of the 13th and from the 14th centuries spring from Džore, who is not personally mentioned in the sources and who had already died before 1282, and his wife Draga. Frequently mentioned in the records of the Dubrovnik chancellery in 1281 and 1282, however, are Draga and her sons Mihael (Miho), the cleric Dživo, as well as Marin and Vlaho. Draga, besides this, is mentioned exclusively as the ""Uxor quondam Georgii de Disica"", and her sons primarily as the ""filii qu. Džore Dišić"" At the same time, her sons Mihajlo, Dživo, the priest, and Marin are mentioned under the name Kaboga. Mihajlo is explicitly mentioned several times as the son of Džore Kaboga.
Vlaho, the youngest brother, is mentioned in the books of Dubrovnik's chancellery later, after the name Caboga took hold and the name Dišić was no longer being used. In 1297, he is also explicitly named as Vlaho Džore Kabužić. Tomasina "filia qu Džore Dišić", who in 1283 married Palma Bisti Getaldić, appears again in 1325 in the last well and testament of Džono Kabužić. Therefore, given such an absolute agreement of all the facts, there is no doubt that the Caboga and Dišić families of 1281 and 1282 are the same.
Miho Džore Caboga (1280–1286) appears to be the oldest brother. In 1281 he received a part of the money that belonged to him from his father's estate. At the same time, Marin and Dživo, as well as the minor Vlaho, continued to live together with their mother and Marin took care of the business. FN 5, p. 167. Among other things, Miho defined his brother, the priest Johannes, as his procurator.
Three branches of the Caboga family spring from the brothers Mihael (Miho), Marin, and Vlaho. All three few in numbers, but all three still existed in the second half of the 15th century. Of all of them, Marin's descendants, and especially his son Jure (1310–1368) and his grandson Nikola Jurov Caboga (1348–1373) carried on the most energetic activity in public life during the 14th century. Besides these were Vlaho (1282–1333) and his sons, Dživo (1330–1340) and Mihael (1332–1366). They were regularly members of the "Vijeće Umoljenih", especially Vlaho, and at the same time Jure, Niko and Miše. Many times they were chosen to be the "sapientes", and almost every other year during the middle of the century one Caboga in the "Malo Vijeće", that is as an iudex. From around 1360, Nikola several times carried out diplomatic assignments: in 1360 and 1363 he went to the King of Hungary. In 1362 he took part in peace negotiations in Kotor. Until his death in 1373, he was regularly an iudex and four times rector." (Note that this means he was influential during Dubrovnik's final break with Venice.)
Vlaho and his descendants occupied themselves primarily in the grain trade. In 1292, Vlaho appears as a witness in Ancona. In 1313, he appears in Durrës. In 1329, a certain amount of oats were taken from him in Ulcinj. In 1330, together with this son Dživo, he accepted 100 salmaa of wheat from one Florentine commercial company, from these same Florentines, he received three months later a credit of 450 perpers. His sons continued this grain trade. Dživo was sent in 1330, together with M. Crijević, as the Općinski sinkik(?) to Constantinople for the purchase of wheat. In September 1335, Džive sold 670 ""stara ječma"" from the new harvest to a merchant from Bar. At the end of October of the same year, he took on an obligation to supply Dubrovnik with at least 500 ""stara"" of wheat by January or February. On January 28, 1336, he delivered 673 stara of wheat. It appears that at the beginning, he did not have exceptional wealth. When, for example, he invested money in some commercial societas (corporation?), he did so in quite small amounts.
In 1335, together with Orsat Cerva, he became an associate(?) ("socius") of Džono Đurđević when Giorgi undertook a "zakup" (commission) the doana maior for 10,000 perpers. Dživo Kaboga and Orsat Crijević took on the obligation that they would to Džono Giorgi "cum eorum personis stare et servire" to the end of the year. For this they would receive the right to half of the profit while undertaking only 20% each of the potential loss. Dživo Bona's brother, Petar (1318–1346) also bought wheat on order of the Općina (in 1326, 1339, 1340, 1345). In 1345 he went as an emissary ""ad regem Cicille"". In December 1328 he accepted a sum of 60 ""salmi"" of beans from Barleta. The third brother of Miho, Vlaho Kaboga (1322–1366) was sent by the government in June 1361 to Apulia (Manfredonia, Barleta and other places) to purchase grain. He was explicitly told that he was to remain in Apulia until the Općina told him to return and that he was not to undertake any business affairs on anyone else's behalf. Only when he was personally in question was he permitted to leave; ""de quibus tuis denariis possis facere omnes mercationes, que tibi placuerint, dalvo de blado."" He was allowed to buy wheat for himself only ""pro usu domus tue"".
In another set of orders that related to the same, it was said "quod possit vendere de pannis suis." Only in March 1362 did they call him to return. IN the meantime, the government several times sent him money for purchases, as well as letters with a wide variety of orders. He had to purchase barley, then ""100 salme de fave nove, 200 staria de biscoto"." On another occasion he had to purchase 1000 libre ""de carne de porco salata""; then ""salme mille de frumento""; besides this he had to attempt to get to Barleti, to ""lo imperador de Bulgaria"" and to him to ""recomendar li fatti del comun ed deli merchatanti de Ragusa"." In 1382, after his death, there were in the basement of his house 1260 Dubrovnik modija of salt.
During the military operations of the 80s, Mihail's son, Marin (1363–1409), was often named as the supplier of bread and melba toast (rations) for the galleys as well as the official responsible for the preparation of melba toast (rations). He apparently dealt in oil, cheese and tallow candles ("lojanica"). In 1394, Marin lived in Venice as a "factor" of Dubrovnik. Among other things, this Marin was married a second time to Margarita Nikole Caboga (1383–1423), that is to his own relative, the daughter of his own second cousin (or second first-cousin, orig: "drugi bratić") (the grandfather of Džore Marinov Caboga), who was married a first time with Lampret Zrijev. She was the mother of Marin's son Danijel and carried the nickname ""Colona biancha"". At the beginning of the 80s, Marin was a candidate for the "Malo Vijeće", but he was not elected. From 1397, however, he was selected to be rector several times. Mihael (Miho) Marin Kaboga (1397–1428), Marin's son from his first marriage, became the protovestijar of Herceg Hrvoje.
The information about the descendants of the other branches of the family. In 1350, Jure Caboga received oil valued at 322 perpera from Romaldus de Bari. In 1356, his son Nikola (1348–1373) delivered Albanian wheat to Džore Jače Đurđević. Several times he had to resort to the legal system to pry debts from his debtors. These amounts were at times relatively large. Nikola Jure Kaboga was married for a second time with Dechussa, the daughter of the Venetian Andrea Dulfina. Her mother, Rada (orig. "Rade"), was a citizen of Dubrovnik, and through her she was related to the Menče, Giorgi, and Gundula families. On the basis of various facts about relations in the last will and testament, it is almost possible to assume that her mother Rade was the daughter of Džono Damjan Gundulić and Deje Medozi Drago from Kotor. If that is the case, she, before entering into a marriage with the Venetian Andrea Dulfina or after that marriage, was the first or second time married to Džono Sorkočević. (Note that the plague took hold at this time.)
In relative terms we know the least about Mihael's descendants because they apparently did not stand out either in public life or in commercial activities. Most of the members of this branch died early, so they did not have much chance to stand out. Džono Dživo Caboga (1341–1363) as well as his wife died in 1363, during a plague epidemic; we know that they were dealers in cloth and leather. Džono Dživo Kaboga left behind a minor son, Dživo Džono Caboga (1372–1396). At the beginning of the 1380s, he was nominated to the "Malo Vijeće", but was never elected. For that reason, he shows up only in positions of minor importance. In 1380, he received a license to export 2.5 miljara of iron; but to receive this he had to take on the obligation to import into Dubrovnik 100 stara of wheat ("pšenica").
On the contrary, in about 1400, this branch becomes for us especially interesting. The record books of two sons of Dživo Džono Caboga, Nikola and his brother Luka (1396–1437). With Nikola and his descendants this branch of the Kabužić family continued on. His brother Luka Kaboga was a bastard son of Dživo Džono Caboga. Nikola and Luka worked together in business. Their accounting records are the oldest documents of their time to be preserved in Dubrovnik.

</doc>
<doc id="19865476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865476" title="Bilaal Rajan">
Bilaal Rajan

Bilaal Rajan (born in Toronto, Canada) is a fundraiser, motivational speaker, author, United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Canada’s child ambassador, and founder of the Making Change Now organization.
Rajan began fundraising when he was four years old, selling clementines door-to-door in his neighborhood to raise C$350 in funds for the victims of the earthquakes in the Gujarat province of India in 2001. He later sold handmade plastic plates to raise $1,200 for HIV/Aids orphans, sold cookie boxes to raise over $6,000 for the affected people and children of Hurricane-devastated Haiti, raised $50,000 for the victims of the tsunami in south-east Asia, and more than $50,000 for the World Partnership Walk. 
In 2004, Rajan launched the Canada Kids Earthquake Challenge for UNICEF, raising the total funds for tsunami relief to around $1.8 million. To date, he has helped raise over $5 million for various causes, and since March 2005 is an official ambassador for UNICEF.
Rajan visited Tanzania in July 2007 to bring awareness and education of HIV/AIDS to their communities. As a participant of Governor General Michaëlle Jean's Order of Canada Mentorship Program, he visited Ecuador in August 2008 to help build a primary school. Two months later, Rajan published "Making Change: Tips from an Underage Overachiever."
In April 2009, Rajan established the Barefoot Challenge, an annual event where he lives life without shoes to raise awareness about child poverty in the developing world. Thousands of young people from more than 25 countries around the world have kicked off their shoes to better understand the struggles faced by underprivileged children everywhere.
In July 2009, Rajan met personally with Nelson Mandela and Archbishop Desmond Tutu in South Africa to discuss several of his upcoming youth initiatives. He also spoke to students at several schools in South Africa. Film makers produced a documentary about his journey called [http://www.youtube.com/birajan1#p/u/3/JUHdw6ZDd7I "My Name is Bilaal". 
In August 2009, Rajan traveled to New York and was featured in a CNN story about his fundraising work and raising money for children in the developing world.
In 2009, Rajan also took part in Students on Ice, a two week scientific expedition to the Arctic and Antarctic. He returned to Toronto and launched a letter-writing campaign to elected officials to pass tough environmental protection legislation, and also performed presentations at dozens of grade and high schools throughout Canada on the subject. 
He is a recipient of more than twenty awards, including the 2008 Top 20 Under 20 Award, the 2009 Huggable Hero Award, the 2009 Ontario Medal for Good Citizenship, the 2010 Kids to Kids National Service Award and the 2010 Changing Our World/Simms Award for Outstanding Youth in Philanthropy.
Rajan has also co-developed the online charitable gaming website SudokuHub, where visitors play Sudoku to raise funds for food for children in developing countries.
In 2011, Rajan spoke at TEDx Toronto on the theme of redefining philanthropy. 
Rajan attended Lakefield College School near Peterborough, Ontario, and he is currently a student at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="19865497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865497" title="Leon Johnson">
Leon Johnson

Leon Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19865506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865506" title="Zesde Klasse">
Zesde Klasse

The Zesde Klasse () is the tenth and lowest tier of football in the Netherlands for most of the districts and the eight tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 26 divisions, 5 played on Saturday and 21 on Sunday.
The divisions consists of 11, 12, 13 or 14 teams. The champions are promoted to the Vijfde Klasse. Each season is divided into a number of periods (). The winner of these periods qualify for promotion playoffs, provided they finish in the top nine overall in the season. Because the Zesde Klasse is the lowest football tier, teams cannot be relegated. Only in the North district there is a relegation to the Zevende Klasse.

</doc>
<doc id="19865510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865510" title="ARNTL">
ARNTL

Aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator-like, also known as Arntl, Bmal1, or Mop3, is a gene that encodes for a basic helix-loop-helix-PAS domain (bHLH-PAS domain) transcription factor. In the human, it is 110,615 bases long and located on the p15 band of the 11th chromosome. This protein plays a key role as one of the positive elements in the mammalian autoregulatory transcription translation negative feedback loop (TTFL), which is responsible for generating molecular circadian rhythms. Arntl has also been identified as a candidate gene for susceptibility to hypertension and Type II diabetes.
Function and regulation.
History.
The Arntl gene was originally discovered in 1997 by two groups of researches, Hogenesch and Bradfield in March and Ikeda and Nomura in April as part of a superfamily of bHLH-PAS domain transcription factors. The ARNTL protein, also known as MOP3, was found to dimerize with MOP4, CLOCK, and hypoxia-inducible factors. The names BMAL1 and ARNTL were adopted in later papers. One of ARNTL protein's earliest discovered functions in circadian regulation was related to the CLOCK-BMAL1 heterodimer, which would bind through an E-box enhancer to activate the transcription of the gene encoding vasopressin. However, the gene's importance in circadian rhythms was not fully realized until the knock-out of the gene in mice showed complete loss of circadian rhythms in locomotion and other behaviors. Thus, Artnl is the only clock gene that by itself is necessary for circadian rhythm generation.
Circadian function.
The protein encoded by the Arntl gene forms a heterodimer with a second bHLH-PAS protein, CLOCK, or a paralog, NPAS2. This complex binds to E-box response elements in promoter regions of many genes including those encoding the Period (PER1, PER2, PER3) and Cryptochrome (CRY1 and CRY2) proteins. CLOCK/BMAL1 heterodimers also activate transcription of the orphan nuclear receptor gene Rev-Erb, where the REV-ERB protein it encodes for represses Bmal1 transcription by binding to Rev-Erb/ROR response elements in the Bmal1 promoter.
As PER and CRY proteins are translated, these repressor proteins bind in a repressor complex with casein kinase 1ε (CSNK1E) and 1δ (CSNK1D). This process can be modulated in the cytoplasm by the degradation of PER protein through its phosphorylation by casein kinase 1ε (CSNK1E) and 1δ (CSNK1D). Next, the repressor complex translocates to the nucleus, where it interacts with the CLOCK/BMAL1 heterodimer to inhibit its transactivation. This hypothesis is supported by the observation that point mutations in the Arntl and Clock genes render them resistant to interaction and repression by Cryptochromes. Transcription of Per and Cry genes, therefore, is inhibited and the protein levels of PER and CRY drop. The repressor complex also inhibits Rev-Erb transcription resulting in an activation of Bmal1 transcription. When such repression is eventually relieved by a drop in the protein levels of PER and CRY, a high level of BMAL1 allows transcription of the Per and Cry genes to begin again.
Several posttranslational modifications of BMAL1 have been shown to be important for the proper timing and activation of the CLOCK/BMAL1 complex. Acetylation of BMAL1 facilitates the recruitment of CRY1 to the CLOCK/BMAL1 complex and represses the complex's transactivation . The sumoylation of BMAL1 by small ubiquitin-related modifier 3 signals its ubiquitination in the nucleus which leads to the transactivation of the CLOCK/BMAL1 heterodimer and its protein turnover. In addition, phosphorylation of BMAL1 by multiple kinases has been reported through the functional interactions between phosphorylation and other posttranslational regulators. Phosphorylation by casein kinase 1ε activates CLOCK/BMAL1 transactivation, while phosphorylation by MAPK inhibits it. Phosphorylation by CK2α regulates BMAL1 intracellular localization and phosphorylation by GSK3B controls BMAL1 stability and primes it for ubiquitination.
It has also been observed in the negative feedback loop of nocturnal mice, that transcription levels of the Bmal1 gene peak at CT18, during the mid-subjective night, anti-phase to the transcription levels of Per, Cry, and other clock control genes, which peak at CT6, during the mid-subjective day. This process occurs with a period length of approximately 24 hours.
Regulation.
In addition to the circadian regulatory transcriptional translational negative feedback loop (TTFL) described above, Arntl gene transcription is reciprocally regulated by the orphan nuclear receptors NR1D1 (Rev-erb-α) and NR1F1 (ROR-α), which establish a second interlocking loop in the mammalian circadian clock. This loop is induced when CLOCK-BMAL1 heterodimers activate the transcription of Rev-ErbA and Rora, two retinoic acid-related orphan nuclear receptors. REV-ERBa and RORa subsequently compete to bind retinoic acid-related orphan receptor response elements (ROREs) present in the Arntl promoter. Through the subsequent binding of ROREs, members of ROR and REV-ERB are able to regulate Arntl. While RORs activate the transcription of Arntl, REV-ERBs repress this transcription. Hence, the circadian oscillation of Arntl is both positively and negatively regulated by RORs and REV-ERBs. Other nuclear receptors of the same families (NR1D2 (Rev-erb-β); NR1F2 (ROR-β); and NR1F3 (ROR-γ)) have also been shown to act on the Arntl gene.
Other functions.
The Arntl gene is located within the hypertension susceptibility loci of chromosome 1 in rats. A study of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within this loci found two polymorphisms that occurred in the sequence encoding for Arntl and were associated with type II diabetes and hypertension. When translated from a rat model to a human model, this research suggests a causative role of Arntl gene variation in the pathology of type II diabetes. Recent phenotype data also suggest this gene and its partner Clock play a role in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and metabolism, which can lead to hypoinsulinaemia, or diabetes, when disrupted. In regards to other functions, another study shows that the CLOCK/BMAL1 complex upregulates human LDLR promoter activity, suggesting the Arntl gene also plays a role in cholesterol homeostasis. In addition, Arntl gene expression, along with that of other core clock genes, were discovered to be lower in patients with bipolar disorder, suggesting a problem with circadian function in these patients. Arntl, Npas2, and Per2 have also been associated with seasonal affective disorder in humans. Lastly, Arntl has been identified through functional genetic screening as a putative regulator of the p53 tumor suppressor pathway suggesting potential involvement in the circadian rhythms exhibited by cancer cells.
Knockout studies.
The Arntl gene is an essential and nonredundant component within the mammalian clock gene regulatory network, since it is the only gene within the mammalian circadian clock whose sole deletion in a mouse model generates arrhythmicity at both the molecular and behavioral levels. However, recent research suggests that there might be some redundancy in the circadian function of Arntl with its paralog Bmal2. In addition to defects in the clock, these Arntl null-mice also have reproductive problems, are small in stature, age quickly, and have progressive arthropathy that results in having less overall locomotor activity than wild type mice.
Species distribution.
In addition to mammals like mice and humans, homologs of the Arntl gene are found in fish (AF144690.1), birds (Arntl), reptiles, amphibians (XI.2098), and "Drosophila" (Cycle, which encodes a protein lacking the homologous C-terminal domain, but still dimerizes with the CLOCK protein). Unlike the mammalian Artnl, however, the drosophila Cycle (gene) is constitutively expressed instead of circadian regulated. In humans, three transcript variants encoding two different isoforms have been found for this gene. The importance of these transcript variants is unknown.
Interactions.
Arntl has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="19865512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865512" title="FC Midtjylland Håndbold">
FC Midtjylland Håndbold

FC Midtjylland Håndbold (short name: FCM Håndbold) is a Danish women's handball club based in Ikast. They play in the Dame Håndbold Ligaen ("Women's Handball League") since 1991. In 1998, FCM won the Danish Championship. They are also former winners of the EHF Cup and Cup Winners' Cup.
History.
The club was founded as "Ikast FS Håndboldafdeling" on 20 June 1970 as a merger of the handball departments of "Ikast DUI" and "Ikast Skytte Gymnastik Forening". Their breakthrough came in 1991 when they won the Danish Cup and reached the top division, Dame Håndbold Ligaen. They saw success again in 1998 as they won their first and only Danish Championship gold.
At the beginning of November 2008, it was announced that the professional division of Ikast-Brande EH had been taken over by football club FC Midtjylland. As a result, the team changed their name to FCM Håndbold and switched colors from blue and yellow to red and black.
Through the years, the club has seen several name changes: Ikast FS Elitehåndbold ApS (1997), Ikast-Bording Elitehåndbold A/S (1999), Ikast-Brande Elite Håndbold (2008) and FCM Håndbold.

</doc>
<doc id="19865531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865531" title="Open Up Your Heart (album)">
Open Up Your Heart (album)

Open Up Your Heart is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1966. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sundazed Records.
Track listing.
Side two.
1995 bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="19865549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865549" title="Dual polygon">
Dual polygon

In geometry, polygons are associated into pairs called duals, where the vertices of one correspond to the edges of the other.
Properties.
Regular polygons are self-dual.
The dual of an isogonal (vertex-transitive) polygon is an isotoxal (edge-transitive) polygon. For example, the (isogonal) rectangle and (isotoxal) rhombus are duals.
In a cyclic polygon, longer sides correspond to larger exterior angles in the dual (a tangential polygon), and shorter sides to smaller angles. Further, congruent sides in the original polygon yields congruent angles in the dual, and conversely. For example, the dual of a highly acute isosceles triangle is an obtuse isosceles triangle.
In the Dorman Luke construction, each face of a dual polyhedron is the dual polygon of the corresponding vertex figure.
Duality in quadrilaterals.
As an example of the side-angle duality of polygons we compare properties of the cyclic and tangential quadrilaterals.
This duality is perhaps even more clear when comparing an isosceles trapezoid to a kite.
Kinds of duality.
Rectification.
The simplest qualitative construction of a dual polygon is a rectification operation, where the edges of a polygon are truncated down to vertices at the center of each original edge. New edges are formed between these new vertices.
This construction is not reversible. That is, the polygon generated by applying it twice is in general not similar to the original polygon.
Polar reciprocation.
As with dual polyhedra, one can take a circle (be it the inscribed circle, circumscribed circle, or if both exist, their midcircle) and perform polar reciprocation in it.
Projective duality.
Under projective duality, the dual of a point is a line, and of a line is a point – thus the dual of a polygon is a polygon, with edges of the original corresponding to vertices of the dual and conversely.
From the point of view of the dual curve, where to each point on a curve one associates the point dual to its tangent line at that point, the projective dual can be interpreted thus:
Combinatorially.
Combinatorially, one can define a polygon as a set of vertices, a set of edges, and an incidence relation (which vertices and edges touch): two adjacent vertices determine an edge, and dually, two adjacent edges determine a vertex. Then the dual polygon is obtained by simply switching the vertices and edges.
Thus for the triangle with vertices {A,B,C} and edges {AB,BC,CA}, the dual triangle has vertices {AB,BC,CA}, and edges {B,C,A}, where B connects AB & BC, and so forth.
This is not a particularly fruitful avenue, as combinatorially, there is a single family of polygons (given by number of sides); geometric duality of polygons is more varied, as are combinatorial dual polyhedra.

</doc>
<doc id="19865559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865559" title="Dragon boat at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Dragon boat at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Dragon boat racing at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held in Bali, Indonesia from 19 October to 21 October 2008.
Results.
Men.
250 m.
October 21
500 m.
October 20
1000 m.
October 19
Women.
250 m.
October 21
500 m.
October 20
1000 m.
October 19

</doc>
<doc id="19865588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865588" title="Stephen Chao">
Stephen Chao

Stephen Chao (born 1955) is an American internet entrepreneur, television producer and media executive. He has worked as the President of Fox Television, an independent television producer, President of USA Network, and co-founder of instructional video website WonderHowTo.com
Background.
Stephen Chao was born to a middle class Chinese American family and raised in Ann Arbor, Michigan, moving to New Hampshire when he was eight years old. His maternal grandfather was a prominent official in pre-revolutionary China, once serving as the nation’s economic minster to the United States. Chao is the nephew of Zao Wou Ki, a well-known Chinese Impressionist painter. An excellent student, Chao attended Fay School and later earned a scholarship to the exclusive Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire. He attended Harvard University where he majored in classical studies, graduating cum laude in 1977. He later went on to earn an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1981.
Career.
"National Enquirer".
Between Harvard degrees, Chao co-wrote a Fodor’s travel guide for Turkey, shoveled manure on a farm in France, and reported for the "National Enquirer". For two years, he covered such topics as celebrity infertility problems and funerals for the supermarket tabloid. He broke the story of OJ Simpson's budding romance with Nicole Brown and tracked UFO sightings throughout South America for three months. Chao believed the "Enquirer" was an intriguing social phenomenon and enjoyed his role with the newspaper despite its worldwide criticism.
Fox Television.
Upon graduation, Chao developed an interest in movies. Multiple rejections by the studios led him to New York working in finance for movie producer Dino De Laurentiis. Chao was hired as the Vice President of Acquisitions and Corporate Development for Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. Two years later, Murdoch purchased Fox Studios. Looking to expand the studio into television, he asked Chao to become a part of the creative team for the nascent Fox Television network.
Chao’s new position was under Fox President, Barry Diller. His duties were to develop innovative, low-cost shows for the station group. The idea was to greenhouse promising shows, and to ultimately migrate them to the network. Some of his first attempts included short-lived programs such as "The Ron Reagan Show", a talk show hosted by Ronald Reagan's son, the children’s show "Dr. Science", and the game show "King of the Mountain". Both strong minded executives, Diller and Chao often butted heads. The most talked about controversy surrounding the two individuals occurred when Diller became so enraged with Chao that he hurled a 3/4" videocassette tape across the room, denting the wall. Chao framed the dent, convincing Diller years later to autograph it. Despite their intense conflicts, the two men together produced some of the most innovative, enduring and controversial television programming to date. 
Chao’s first success was a concept that had been in his head for years after seeing the "Most Wanted" poster in the post office. Chao's original pitch was to marry High Noon with the 10 o'clock news. The concept he labeled "Electronic Lynching" became the television show "America’s Most Wanted". The following year in 1987, Chao met John Langley who pitched a concept of following beat cops around Broward County. This show became "Cops".
Chao was promoted to President of Fox Television stations and Fox News Channel in 1992. In June 1992, ten weeks after taking position as President, Chao spoke at at a management conference in Snowmass, Colorado for Fox executives, board members and world dignitaries, including Rupert Murdoch and wife Anna Murdoch, and former United States Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney and wife Lynne Cheney. He spoke on “The Threat to Democratic Capitalism Posed by Modern Culture”. Strongly emphasising that television programs tend to be less critical of violence than nudity and sexuality, Chao hired a local waiter/model Marco Iacovelli to strip naked during his speech to illustrate his point about censorship and that network standards were not keeping pace with modern day experience. Not at all amused, Murdoch fired Chao immediately afterwards.
McDonald's.
After being fired, Chao took the opportunity to explore his fascination with McDonald's by getting a job at a McDonald's restaurant in Redondo Beach. A big fan of the fast food chain, Chao ate there every day. For six weeks, he flipped burgers, manned the fryer and cleaned the dairy machine, claiming it the hardest job he ever had.
Production work.
In 1993, Chao formed his own production company, Stephen Chao Incorporated, creating and producing programs for ABC, CBS, NBC, Columbia TriStar Television, Universal Television and Nickelodeon as well as launching "Playboy TV" in Latin America and the 24 hour animation channel, "Locomotion". In 1995, he began development on a late-night talk show for MCA Television that never saw the light of day titled "HelloGoodnight". He did some consulting work in 1996 for a Venezuelan media company, Cisneros Television Group. Chao also produced David Blaine's first television special, Street Magic.
USA Network.
In February 1998, Barry Diller purchased USA Network and the Sci Fi Channel from Universal Studios, hiring Chao in April as president of programming and marketing, working with such shows as the "WWF", "La Femme Nikita", ', "Baywatch" and the "Jerry Springer Show". He was also responsible for the dramedy "Monk". At the time he paid a record amount to buy the script from ABC, which had placed the project in turnaround. On March 23, 2000, Chao was promoted to President of USA Cable, where he supervised all cable services, including advertising sales, finance, administration, programming, marketing and the strategic growth of new services and digital offerings for the division. During his tenure, USA Network aired the second most watched original mini-series in basic cable history, "Attila", and the hit original movies ' and "Cabin by the Lake". He was also responsible in solidifying a relationship with Mark Burnett, working with him to bring the expedition race "Eco-Challenge" to the network. Also under Chao's reign, the SciFi Channel emerged as the largest provider of original scripted series in primetime on cable as well as launching the six-hour mini-series, Frank Herbert's "Dune", Steven Spielberg's 20-hour mini-series "Taken" and "Crossing Over With John Edward". Chao resigned as President of USA Cable on November 5, 2001.
WonderHowTo.
In 2006, Stephen Chao and Mike Goedecke founded WonderHowTo.com WonderHowTo in Santa Monica, California. With backing from Cambridge, Massachusetts based General Catalyst Partners, WonderHowTo.com launched in January 2008 with almost 90,000 entries, hitting the 100,000th mark in less than two months. As of November 2009, WonderHowTo indexes over 250,000 videos and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="19865600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865600" title="Johann Baptist Strauss">
Johann Baptist Strauss

Johann Baptist Strauss may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19865609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865609" title="Variational Transition State Theory">
Variational Transition State Theory

Variational transition state theory is a refinement of transition state theory. When using transition state theory to estimate a chemical reaction rate, the dividing surface is taken to be a surface that intersects a first-order saddle point and is also perpendicular to the reaction coordinate in all other dimensions. When using variational transition state theory, the position of the dividing surface between reactant and product regions is variationally optimized to minimize the reaction rate. This minimizes the effects of recrossing, and gives a much more accurate result.

</doc>
<doc id="19865627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865627" title="Charang, Nepal">
Charang, Nepal

Charang is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 682 people living in 130 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865636" title="Chhonhup">
Chhonhup

Chhonhup is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1047 people living in 192 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865638" title="Gus Fisher">
Gus Fisher

August Harris "Gus" Fisher (October 21, 1885 – April 8, 1972) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played in and with the Cleveland Naps and the New York Highlanders. He batted left and threw right-handed. Fisher had a .254 career batting average. 
He was born in Pottsboro, Texas and died in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19865643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865643" title="Chhoser">
Chhoser

Chhoser is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 728 people living in 168 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865649" title="Keep It Between the Lines">
Keep It Between the Lines

"Keep It Between the Lines" is a song written by Russell Smith and Cathy Louvin, and recorded by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton. It was released in July 1991 as the second single from his CD "Backroads", and the tenth and final Number One single of his career.
Content.
The narrator discusses learning how to drive with his father and expands on the phrase "keep it between the lines" to mention God and life in general.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Deaton Flanigen and premiered in mid-1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19865658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865658" title="Chhusang">
Chhusang

Chhusang is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 860 people living in 195 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865663" title="Dhami, Nepal">
Dhami, Nepal

Dhami, Nepal is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 850 people living in 158 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865667" title="Jan Ernst Abraham Volschenk">
Jan Ernst Abraham Volschenk

Jan Ernst Abraham Volschenk (20 August 1853 Riversdale - 22 January 1936 Riversdale), was a South African painter, noted for his majestic landscapes of the Langeberg Range in the Western Cape Province.
Born of Dutch parents on the farm "Melkhoutskraal", Volschenk started painting when still a child and was largely self-taught. James Reitz, the Government Land Surveyor, saw some of his drawings and suggested that his brother Gysbert, a Riversdale lawyer, take an interest. He eventually joined the firm of Reitz & Versfeld as a bookkeeper. At 51 years of age he gave up his office job and devoted all his time to his oils and canvases. His home district around Riversdale and the Langeberg, was his inspiration and subject matter, and he became a master of the subtle colours and tones of the Karoo mountains.
Volschenk's keen powers of observation spilled over into natural history - he amassed a collection of more than 4 000 beetle specimens.
When 45 years old, Volschenk married another Riversdale resident, Helen Smalberger, and they produced a family of nine daughters. Of these, Vera, the eldest, followed in her father's footsteps and painted in the same genre. 

</doc>
<doc id="19865678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865678" title="Jhong">
Jhong

Jhong is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 450 people living in 91 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865681" title="Johann Joseph Thalherr">
Johann Joseph Thalherr

Johann Joseph Thalherr (or Talherr), also known as or (1730 – October 16, 1801), was an Austrian architect.
Thalherr was born in Fulnek, Moravia (now Czech Republic). He studied architecture in Vienna and, after graduation, worked there as court architect, under the direction of Isidore Canevale. 
In 1782 he moved to Buda and worked as chamber-architect, being promoted chief of the Hungarian Direction of Constructions, and remained there until his death. He is one of the main representatives of the Palladian revival in Central Europe. His constructions can be found in Budapest, Bratislava, Győr and several other Hungarian cities.

</doc>
<doc id="19865685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865685" title="Kaj (name)">
Kaj (name)

Kaj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19865693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865693" title="Clola">
Clola

Clola is a hamlet in Buchan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Clola is situated on the A952 road. There is considerable evidence of local habitation by early man in the vicinity of Clola. Some of these nearby human traces are evident in Catto Long Barrow, a massive stone structure now surrounded by agricultural fields.
Geography and architecture.
The scattered residential and farming community of Clola, about three miles north of Ardallie, is centred on Clola crossroads on the A952 some 2.5 miles south of Mintlaw. The neighbourhood extends to a radius of a little over a mile around the former Church. 18th century spellings are Clolloch and Clolah, which probable came from the Gaelic clach or clachach meaning stony place.
Church.
The picturesque church building stands to the east of the crossroads. It is now a dwelling house its exterior form has happily been retained, bearing clear witness to its original function. The first church at Clola was a simple heather thatched stone and clay structure on the opposite side of the A952, near the latter day manse. This was superseded in 1784 by a new building on the present site. In the secessions of the early 19th century Clola became part of the Free Church of Scotland, in opposition to the Established Church, and in keeping with its new status the church was rebuilt in its present form in 1864. The construction of the third church cost £1,500 and was mainly funded by donations from the congregation. The plans were drawn up by Campbell Douglas and James Stevenson from Glasgow. It featured a stained glass window to the memory of William Ferguson of Kinmundy, at one time chairman of the Great North of Scotland Railway Co. and this window survives in the private dwelling. The Free Church re-united with the Church of Scotland in 1929. Population drifts in the post-War years led to Clola being linked with Ardallie, and this linked charge in turn finally united with Deer Parish on 4 May 1975. The last service at Clola had been held eight months earlier on 31 August 1974.
Toll house.
Quarter of a mile south of the Church is the former Toll House (Shannas Tollhouse). It is one of a small number of Tollhouses still used as a domestic dwelling and considered a good example of vernacular buildings. It sits adjacent to an old stretch of road beside the A952. Under the Turnpike Act of 1795 the minimum distance between toll bars was six miles. The Toll of Birness (the junction of the A952 Fraserburgh road and A92 Peterhead road) to the south of Ardallie is six miles from Clola. The Tollhouse is home to Shannas Gordon Setters which have produced many champions in the breed in both the UK and overseas. The Toll House has an Ordnance Survey cut mark, a basic type of Benchmark on the corner of the house.
Shannas school.
The former school for Clola primary children was Shannas School south of the Toll house on the A952. It closed in 1967 at a time of "educational re-organisation". Clola children are now educated at Mintlaw, which has two primary schools and an academy taking children through to their sixth year of secondary education.
Durie.
Half a mile east of Clola Church is the former weaver's hamlet of Durie. As elsewhere in Clola, modern homes have been built here in recent years. Durie is mentioned in records as far back as 1588, when it was spelt Dowrie. By 1600 the modern day spelling is adopted. The name is believed to come from the Gaelic dobhar or dobhran meaning a small stream, and the name Durie was originally applied to the Clola Burn which runs nearby.
Kinmundy, Coynach and Shannas.
South of Durie is the site of Kinmundy House, once home to the Fergusons of Kinmundy. Like so many of Scotland's former mansion houses, the roof was removed (presumable for tax purposes) in the early 1950s, and part of the house was later converted into farm buildings.
McKean describes Kinmundy House as being "classical 18th century".
To the west of Clola crossroads are Shannas Farm (which gave its name to the school), Brae of Coynach and Aulton of Coynach. Brae of Coynach is renowned for its herd of prime cattle, taking prizes at major events throughout the U.K. The road leads across to Skelmuir House, home in earlier times to a branch of the Gordon family.
Brae of Coynach is listed as category B by Historic Scotland. The house was built in 1851 to a design by Mackenzie and Matthews. 
Recent history.
The age of commuting and ease of travel have wrought many changes in Clola. Recent years have seen old properties modernised and new homes built, and as a community Clola is increasing in size. But businesses which once made itself supporting have gone. South of the church are the former Joiner's Croft and Smiddy (Smithy), and Church Croft was the site of Foggie's Shop seventy years ago. To the north is the former Meal Mill, which operated into the early 1960s. The dwelling on the right to the north of the meal mill was a shop and local post office until the late 1960s. A track on the left beyond this leads to the ruins of a shoemaker's shop and twelve cottages, abandoned in the 1920s, which housed workers employed at Millbreck Woollen Mill. Bridgestone Cottages were also built for mill workers. The Woollen Mill stood in the clump of mature trees by the roadside leading to Barnyards farm and was famed for the quality of its blankets, tweed, wood and Winsey aprons. The Millbreck Woollen Mill was established by Thomas and Joshua Smith when they commenced woollen manufacture in Millbreck Mill in 1818. The lease of the land there expired circa 1909 when they concentrated all work in Peterhead at their Kirkburn Mill. Barnyards today is home to a renowned flock of Suffolk sheep. On a happier note, new enterprises have set up in recent times; including an antique dealer, plant hire contractor, kennels, a joinery business, a pine furniture shop and a farm shop.

</doc>
<doc id="19865700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865700" title="Sorbaria">
Sorbaria

Sorbaria is a genus of around 9 species of flowering plants belong to family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19865704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865704" title="Kowang">
Kowang

Kowang is a village development committee in Mustang District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 659 people living in 170 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865713" title="Rajadeep">
Rajadeep

Rajadeep is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1784 living in 370 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865718" title="Raniban, Sagarmatha">
Raniban, Sagarmatha

Raniban, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1874 living in 372 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19865723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19865723" title="Ratmata">
Ratmata

Ratmata is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2507 living in 450 individual households.

</doc>
