<doc id="19874508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874508" title="Battle of Tamatave">
Battle of Tamatave

The Battle of Tamatave (sometimes called the Battle of Madagascar or the Action of 20 May 1811) was fought off Tamatave in Madagascar between British and French frigate squadrons during the Napoleonic Wars. The action was the final engagement of the Mauritius campaign of 1809–1811, and it saw the destruction of the last French attempt to reinforce their garrison on Mauritius. Although the news had not reached Europe by February 1811 when the reinforcement squadron left Brest, Mauritius had been captured in December 1810 by a British invasion fleet, the French defences hampered by the lack of the supplies and troops carried aboard the frigate squadron under the command of Commodore François Roquebert in "Renommée". Roquebert's heavily laden ships reached Mauritius on 6 May and discovered that the island was in British hands the following day, narrowly escaping a trap laid by a squadron of British frigates ordered to hunt and destroy them.
On 20 May the British squadron, under the command of Captain Charles Marsh Schomberg, discovered the French off Tamatave and attacked, both sides hampered by light winds which impeded movement for much of the day. During a period of calm weather early in the battle, the French were better positioned than the disorganised British squadron and Roquebert's ships inflicted severe damage on several British vessels before an increasing breeze allowed Schomberg to press home his attack. As the evening approached, the French attempted to escape, Roquebert sacrificing his flagship and ultimately his life to allow the frigates "Clorinde" and the badly damaged "Néréide" to escape. Five days later, Schomberg's squadron rediscovered "Néréide" at Tamatave and persuaded the town's commander to surrender without a fight. The battle was the last action of the Mauritius campaign and confirmed British dominance of the seas east of the Cape of Good Hope for the rest of the Napoleonic Wars.
Background.
In August 1810, the French squadron on Isle de France (now Mauritius) achieved the most significant French naval victory of the Napoleonic Wars, when they captured or destroyed four Royal Navy frigates at the Battle of Grand Port. The battle was fought inside Grand Port, one of the harbours of Isle de France into which the French squadrons, dominant in the Indian Ocean during 1809, had been steadily pushed and blockaded by pressure from a British squadron under Commodore Josias Rowley. The British defeat had a noticeable galvanising effect on both the British and French naval commands: both recognised that the campaign would be won by the first to reinforce and resupply their forces. Although the French had achieved a significant victory, the naval bases on Isle de France lacked the military stores and food supplies to repair the battle damage to their ships or supply lengthy raiding voyages against British trade routes.
The British reaction was immediate: ships were dispatched from regional bases at Madras, the Cape of Good Hope and Rodriguez to replace Rowley's losses while a larger force was collected at Rodriguez in preparation for a major invasion of Isle de France intended to permanently eliminate the island as a raiding base. The French response from their squadron on Isle de France, based at Port Napoleon under Commodore Jacques Hamelin, was to exercise their regional superiority by attacking British reinforcements at the actions of 13 September 1810 and 18 September 1810. Despite inflicting severe damage on two British frigates, the French lost one of their own, captured with Hamelin aboard, and suffered two more damaged. Without supplies or reinforcements to replace these losses, the French were unable to resist the British invasion in November 1810 and the island fell within four days.
The French had also been preparing reinforcements for the region, but their nearest naval bases were in France itself, several thousand miles away across oceans almost totally controlled by the Royal Navy. These distances also delayed the arrival of news from the Indian Ocean, and therefore word had still not reached France of the fall of Isle de France by 17:00 on 2 February 1811, when a reinforcement squadron set sail from Brest. This squadron consisted of three powerful frigates, "Renommée" under Commodore François Roquebert, "Clorinde" under Captain Jacques Saint-Cricq and "Néréide" under Captain Jean-François Lemaresquier. Each ship carried over 200 soldiers for the Isle de France garrison and significant food and military supplies with which to refit Hamelin's squadron and resupply the island. The French authorities were aware of the possibility that Isle de France had been captured, and had ordered that if the island was in British hands, the squadron should continue on to the Dutch city of Batavia on Java, to operate against the British from there.
February to May 1811.
By 1811, the Royal Navy enjoyed a worldwide naval supremacy over the French, including the seas immediately off the French coast. To avoid being attacked as they left Brest, French ships had to attempt to slip out either under cover of darkness or during storms that drove the British away from the dangerous coastline. This also however forced the French ships to fight against the wind to leave their harbours and as a result, Roquebert's ships only covered in the first 18 days. On 24 February, the squadron captured a Portuguese merchant ship and discovered Lisbon newspapers aboard that announced the British invasion, although not its outcome. On 13 March, Roquebert's ships crossed the Equator and on 18 April they passed the Cape of Good Hope at distance, benefitting from good weather and a strong breeze during the latter stages of the journey. At 23:00 on 6 May at 23:00, 93 days after leaving Brest, the French convoy arrived off Île de la Passe at the entrance to Grand Port.
The British had not been idle during the six months they had occupied Isle de France, now renamed Mauritius. The invasion fleet had broken up soon after the island fell and command of the remaining naval forces on the island had been given to Captain Philip Beaver. On 5 January, a small French dispatch ship had been captured off Port Louis (formerly Port Napoleon) and from the messages aboard the nature and destination of Roquebert's squadron was discovered. Information was also received describing a second French force being prepared for operations in the region, consisting of the frigates "Nymphe" and "Méduse". Aware of the impending arrival of French reinforcements, Admiral Robert Stopford at the Cape of Good Hope sent Captain James Hillyar in HMS "Phoebe" to reinforce Beaver on Mauritius. Beaver ordered Hillyar, with HMS "Galatea" under Captain Woodley Losack and HMS "Racehorse" under Captain James de Rippe, to prepare for the arrival of Roquebert's convoy. Beaver then began eliminating French harbours in the western Indian Ocean, sending the brig HMS "Eclipse" to attack Tamatave on Madagascar, which was captured on 12 February. After the end of the hurricane season in March, Beaver personally sailed in HMS "Nisus" to invade the Seychelles, before collecting specie from Madras to refloat the Mauritian economy. In his absence, Mauritius came under the command of Captain Charles Marsh Schomberg in HMS "Astraea".
When Roquebert's ships appeared off Grand Port, Hillyar had his three ships in the harbour ready to sail at short notice and ensured that French tricolours were flying from Île de la Passe and other landmarks in the hope that the French could be lured into the shallow waters of the bay and defeated in a similar manner to the British defeat at the battle at Grand Port the previous year. Signals were exchanged between the French squadron and the shore but Roquebert was wary: the signals from Île de la Passe were out of date and he knew of the British invasion from the Lisbon newspapers captured two months before. Waiting offshore, the French commodore sent three boats ashore during the night with instructions to discover the situation on the island. Seizing two black inhabitants, one of the boats returned on the morning of 7 May and from his captives Roquebert learned that the British had captured the island six months earlier. The other landing parties were captured by British troops and did not return. With Hillyar's trap uncovered, Roquebert raised French colours and turned eastwards away from Grand Port, Hillyar emerging from the harbour to give chase.
Roquebert's escape.
At 04:00 on 8 May, Roquebert realised that his overladen ships were too slow to outrun Hillyar's squadron, which was behind and gaining rapidly. At 08:00, he decided to turn and meet the British ships head-on rather than be overtaken. Hillyar, aware that his squadron was weaker than Roquebert's, held back in anticipation of the arrival of Schomberg in "Astraea" from Port Louis, to whom he had sent an urgent message the night before. As the British fell back towards the Île Ronde off the northeastern shore of Mauritius, Roquebert declined to follow them through the dangerous gap between Île Ronde and Île du Serpent and instead sailed southwards, escaping before Hillyar and Schomberg could join up. Although Losack, supported by many crew members on board both "Phoebe" and "Galatea", remonstrated with Hillyar for not pursuing the French, the British commander could not be persuaded and Roquebert slipped away. The British retired to Port Louis, arriving on the 12 May.
Roquebert's squadron sailed westwards towards Bourbon, initially planning to raid the eastern coast of island for food supplies, as his own were running low. Although the British garrison in the eastern part of the island was weak, the plan was thwarted by heavy surf on the landing beaches and Roquebert continued eastwards on half rations, reaching Tamatave in Madagascar on 19 May. The British garrison at Tamatave, 100 men of the 22nd Regiment of Foot, were afflicted with malaria and surrendered without contesting the town, where the French squadron gathered water and food supplies.
When Hillyar's squadron arrived at Port Louis, Captain Schomberg immediately assumed command and led the squadron out again on 14 May, following the French eastwards. Heading straight for Tamatave, the only resupply point between Bourbon and the Cape of Good Hope, Schomberg rapidly gained on the French and when dawn broke on 20 May the French were within sight off the harbour. During the day, both commanders were frustrated by light winds and periods of calm in which none of the ships were able to move. Roquebert completed resupplying his ships at 12:00 and pulled away from the harbour in battle line, "Clorinde" followed by "Renommée" and "Néréide" while the British, although initially intending to form a line with "Astraea" at its head, gradually broke into a loose formation created by the vagaries of the wind.
Battle.
Firing began at 16:00, when "Renommée" attempted to engage "Astraea" at extreme range. The British returned fire, "Phoebe" and "Galatea" joining the attack as they advanced, but the long distances and slow speeds involved meant that little damage was caused by either side. The British squadron gradually drifted beyond the range of the French, Schomberg desperately but unsuccessfully attempting to turn back towards them. With the British becalmed, Roquebert's ships began to close the distance, using the breeze to position their broadsides close to the sterns of the British ships. From this position the French were able to unleash a destructive raking fire, "Clorinde" concentrating on "Phoebe" and "Renommée" on "Galatea". The rearmost ship, "Néréide", was unable to manoeuvre successfully in the light winds and remained beyond the effective range of "Astraea" and "Racehorse", despite an ineffectual cannonade in her direction.
Over the next two hours, "Néréide" advanced on "Phoebe", sandwiching the British frigate between two opponents and exposing her to a destructive fire. Both squadrons had been rendered immobile by the lack of wind, and although Schomberg ordered de Rippe to use boats to tow "Racehorse" within range of the main engagement, the brig was still over a mile away at 18:30, when the breeze picked up and Hillyar was able to advance on "Néréide", engaging her at close quarters. Stranded by light winds, "Renommée" and "Clorinde" were unable to come to Lemaresquier's assistance and in half an hour "Phoebe" had killed Captain Lemaresquier and inflicted such severe damage on her opponent that "Néréide" could no longer return fire. As "Phoebe" and "Néréide" fought, the becalmed "Renommée" and "Clorinde" concentrated their fire on "Galatea", causing severe damage to Losack's vessel. As the breeze strengthened at 19:00, "Renommée" and "Clorinde" advanced on "Phoebe", Losack firing on the French as they pulled away before steering his battered ship westwards and informing Schomberg that the damage was such that he could not continue in action. Continuing to the west with his rigging and masts in disarray and a distress signal flying, Losack's ship disappeared into the growing darkness at 20:30. "Phoebe" fell back before the French attack and joined Schomberg.
With the wind strengthening, Schomberg marshalled his forces and advanced on Roquebert's squadron. The French were clustered together in support of "Néréide", whose crew were attempting to make hasty repairs while the squadron limped in a northwesterly direction towards Madagascar. Following the French lights, Schomberg pursued the French in the darkness and when "Clorinde" lost a man overboard and stopped to rescue him at 21:50, Roquebert was forced to fall back and protect his consort from being overwhelmed. Steering "Renommée" directly at "Astraea", Roquebert opened fire at close range but was soon surrounded, with "Astraea" on one side, "Racehorse" on the other and "Phoebe" raking her stern. In a ferocious 25 minute engagement, Roquebert was killed and the French flagship suffered severe damage, surrendering after a shot from "Racehorse" ignited her mainsail. The British ships were also badly damaged: "Racehorse" was unable to launch a boat to take possession of "Renommée" due to a fallen topmast on her deck and "Astraea"'s boats all badly damaged by shot and leaked severely during the short row to the stricken French vessel.
Surrender at Tamatave.
During the final battle of the "Renommée", Saint-Cricq in "Clorinde" had remained out of range of the British, refusing to support his commodore. When "Renommée" surrendered, he made all sail to the north, abandoning both Roquebert and "Néréide" in his attempt to escape. Although "Clorinde" was closely pursued by "Astraea" and "Phoebe" until 02:00 on 21 May, the damage they had suffered prevented them from gaining on the French ship and "Clorinde" eventually disappeared into the darkness. During the night Schomberg gathered "Phoebe", "Racehorse" and "Astraea", and rejoined "Renommée" at dawn on 21 May. A prize crew of seven men was sufficient to exercise control over the French frigate until Schomberg could remove most of the French crew and replace them with British sailors the following morning. Although "Galatea" was still within sight at dawn, Losack was unsure of the identity of the approaching squadron and decided to sail directly to Port Louis rather than risk combat with a superior enemy force.
While making repairs to his ships, particularly the battered "Phoebe", and transferring prisoners from "Renommée", Schomberg despatched "Racehorse" to Tamatave to investigate the situation at the port. De Rippe returned on 24 May and informed Schomberg that "Néréide" was in the harbour and the town was in the hands of a French garrison. Despite sailing directly to Tamatave, Schomberg's ships were delayed by a gale and did not arrive until the afternoon of 25 May. Aware that no one in the British squadron had intimate knowledge of the coral reefs that surrounded the entrance to the bay and thus that he was poorly positioned to attack the French if they chose to resist him, Schomberg sent "Racehorse" into the harbour under a flag of truce. De Rippe presented the French commander, Lieutenant François Ponée, with a demand for surrender, the demand falsely stating that ""Renommée" and "Clorinde" have struck after a brave defence". Ponée refused, instead proposing that the ship's crew and the garrison of Tamatave be repatriated to France without conditions if the frigate, town and a 12–gun battery were surrendered to Schomberg's squadron. Schomberg accepted Ponée's proposal and Tamatave and "Néréide" were surrendered without further conflict.
Aftermath.
"Clorinde" had been almost undamaged in the battle and comfortably outran all British pursuit. Without a safe harbour in the entire Indian Ocean, Saint-Criq initially sailed for the Seychelles, hiding among the islands until 7 June. On 26 June, "Clorinde" landed at Diego Garcia and collected fresh water and coconuts before beginning the return journey to France in defiance of the orders to continue on to Batavia issued before the convoy left Brest. On 1 August, "Clorinde" passed the Cape of Good Hope, Saint-Criq supplementing his provisions by raiding British and American merchant ships in the Atlantic. On 24 September, "Clorinde" encountered the British blockade squadron off Brest and was chased by the 80–gun ship of the line HMS "Tonnant" under Captain Sir John Gore. Although "Tonnant" came close enough to "Clorinde" to discharge her broadside at the frigate, Gore was unable to catch the elusive French ship and was eventually forced to retire to open waters after coming under fire from batteries at Pointe Trépassée. By 17:00, "Clorinde" was anchored in Brest harbour. Saint-Criq was heavily criticised for his failure to support Roquebert and for ignoring his orders to sail to Batavia if Mauritius had been captured. In March 1812, he was brought to a court martial to examine his behaviour and found to have been negligent in his duty, for which he was dismissed from the service, expelled from the legion of Honour and sentenced to three years imprisonment. Napoleon is reported to have suggested that Saint-Criq be shot for deserting his commanding officer.
There were also recriminations among the British squadron, Schomberg praising "Astraea" and "Phoebe" but omitting "Racehorse" and "Galatea" from the recommendations in his post-battle report. Captain Losack was particularly offended as Schomberg had implied that "Galatea"'s distress signal was an overreaction in the face of the enemy, despite her casualties being greater than the rest of the squadron combined. He subsequently requested a court martial to clear any suggestion of cowardice from his name but the Admiralty refused, commenting that they were fully satisfied with his conduct. Historian William James claims that opinion within the Navy was also with Losack and that Schomberg had been excessively harsh in his criticism.
Due to the variable winds of 20 May, some ships were more heavily engaged than others and as a result the casualties in the action were unevenly spread. According to the French account of the battle, "Renommée" suffered 93 killed and wounded, including Commodore Roquebert dead and the first lieutenant and commander of the troops on board both badly wounded, although British accounts give a figure of 145 casualties. The French accounts also demonstrate that "Néréide" had suffered severely, losing 25 dead including Captain Lemaresquier and 32 wounded (again the British accounts differ, stating that she suffered 130 casualties). "Clorinde", which had caused severe damage to "Galatea" while the British ship was immobile but had failed to support "Renommée" against Schomberg, lost just one man killed and six wounded. British losses were less severe, although still significant, "Galatea" losing 16 and 46 wounded, "Phoebe" seven dead and 24 wounded and "Astraea" two dead and 16 wounded. "Racehorse", despite being badly damaged in her masts and rigging, reportedly suffered no casualties.
The captured ships were both purchased into the Royal Navy and recommissioned, "Renommée" becoming HMS "Java" and "Néréide" becoming HMS "Madagascar". Nearly four decades later the battle was among the actions recognised by a clasp attached to the Naval General Service Medal, awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847. The action marked the end of the final French attempt to operate in the Indian Ocean during the Napoleonic Wars: with their bases now in British hands, any deployment to the region would require a significant quantity of ships and supplies at a time when France was unable to even protect the entrances to her principal harbours, as "Clorinde"'s brush with "Tonnant" had demonstrated. The action also ended the threat to British merchant ships, especially the large East Indiamen, from attack in the Indian Ocean and the requirement for a significant Royal Navy presence in the region. With the exception of a few small Dutch ports in the East Indies, the world east of the Cape of Good Hope was now either under British control or in the hands of neutral powers and Britain's allies.
Order of battle.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="19874532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874532" title="2001 Asian Super Cup">
2001 Asian Super Cup

The 2001 Asian Super Cup was the 7th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 2001 competition was contested by Suwon Samsung Bluewings of South Korea, who won the 2000–01 Asian Club Championship, and Al Shabab of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup.
Suwon Samsung Bluewings.
1Suwon Samsung Bluewings goals always recorded first.
Al Shabab.
1Al Shabab goals always recorded first.

</doc>
<doc id="19874537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874537" title="Augustówka (disambiguation)">
Augustówka (disambiguation)

Augustówka is a part of the Mokotów district of Warsaw.
Augustówka may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19874544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874544" title="The Tremor of Forgery">
The Tremor of Forgery

The Tremor of Forgery (1969) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith. 
Synopsis.
American author Howard Ingham arrives in the sweltering heat of Tunisia, so he can draw inspiration for a new movie script he's been commissioned to write. However, when the director he's working with doesn't show, he begins hearing stories from back home about infidelity and suicide. Rather than abandon the project and leave, Howard stays in the country and starts work on a novel instead. He gets to know Francis J. Adams, an aging American propagandist and Danish homosexual painter Anders Jensen. While waiting for a letter from his New York girlfriend Ina, the plot of his projected novel comes together. It's the story of a banker who forges documents to steal money he then gives to poor people. One night, Ingham finds someone breaking into his apartment and throws his typewriter at the intruder, who is then dragged away by others. Ingham struggles to keep this possible murder secret from his acquaintances while at the same time questioning western morality and its worth in a country where he is a stranger.
Reception.
"Highsmith has produced work as serious in its implications and as subtle in its approach as anything being done in the novel today." - Julian Symons
"Miss Highsmith's finest novel to my mind is The Tremory of Forgery, and if I were to be asked what it is about I would reply, 'Apprehension'." - Graham Greene

</doc>
<doc id="19874549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874549" title="Swimming at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of 62 events, 32 for men and 30 for women.
There were between one and three competitors for each race, meaning that every swimmer completing a race was guaranteed a medal. All swimmers successfully completed their races, and every swimmer at the Games therefore obtained a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19874559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874559" title="Heritage (Astrofaes album)">
Heritage (Astrofaes album)

Heritage (, Spadshchyna; ) is the fourth full-length studio album by Ukrainian black metal band Astrofaes. It was released on Ancient Nation Records in 2002 in both cassette format and CD format.

</doc>
<doc id="19874561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874561" title="Rudolf Löb">
Rudolf Löb

Rudolf Löb (November 21, 1877 – January 30, 1966) was a German banker with Mendelssohn & Co. and consultant to the German and Russian governments.
Löb became personal liable partner with Mendelssohn & Co. in 1919. Following the death of Franz von Mendelssohn and Paul von Mendelssohn-Bartholdy in 1935, Löb was appointed as chairman of Mendelssohn & Co. bank as the first non-family member. In the 1930s, he served as the Belgian General Consul in Berlin. In 1938 he was pressured by the Nazis' Aryanisation policy to break up Mendelssohn & Co. and sell most of its assets to Deutsche Bank. Löb emigrated to Argentina in 1939 and to the United States in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19874563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874563" title="Artuz">
Artuz

Artouze ( " 'Artūz") is a town situated 15 km to the south west of Damascus, Syria. As of 1996, it had a population of 20,000.
History.
Evidence of the town's history is scarce. However, there are historical references to a town in approximately the same location as Artouze during the Assyrian empire. There is also a Roman canal that is still in use to this day to irrigate nearby farms.
Artouze may also be the location of the New Testament story of the disciples on the road to Damascus. The place where Jesus appeared is commemorated by a temple now, which Pope John Paul II visited during his visit to Syria in 2000.
Most of the farms were owned by few rich families from Damascus during the Ottoman and French periods. The land was redistributed during the presidency of Gamal Abdel Nasser.
Geography.
Artouze is 15 km south west of Damascus, 6 km east of Qatana. It lies on the main road between Damascus and the Golan Heights. The Awaj river passes through the town and splits into three branches.
Artouze has a twin town only 2 km north called Judidet Artouze. Expansion of the two towns has erased the green spaces between them.
Artouze has great military importance, with many army detachments nearby.
Economy.
Until the 1980s, the economy of Artouze depended largely on agriculture. Olives, wheat and garlic were the main agricultural products. However, with the expansion of Damascus, Artouze developed a fast-growing construction and service economy, which is now the main source of employment for its population.
Artouze has no industrial region. Light industry located in and near the town is mainly limited to some dairy and poultry facilities.
Trade is a source of income of many people, with the town serving as a commerce centre for several surrounding small villages.
Health care.
There is only a small health centre, for day cases. The centre is not officially working as many of the public health centres in Syria. The nearest hospital is 3 km from the town centre: a private hospital in the nearby town of Judidet Artouze (Al kamal). Most patients go to Damascus for hospital care.
Artouze has a central water and sewage system. However, the water shortage is a serious problem affecting the whole region. There is no recycling centre.
Transport.
Artouze is well connected by roads to all neighbouring villages. A highway connecting Damascus to Al Quneitra (Golan) passes through the town.
There is also a train station servicing a rail line built by the French between Damascus and the city of Qatana. However, the train has stopped running decades ago.
Public transport is now limited to buses and mini buses, which serve to connect Artouze to Damascus. Residents also use the small mini cabs as taxis for short trips within the town.
Population and ethnic groups.
The main historical ethnic group are Arabs, and the town is predominantly Sunni Muslims. However, the nearby town of Judidet Artouze hosts a mix of Orthodox Christians, Roman Catholics, Druz and Muslims.
There have been no sectarian issues in the Artouze, but since 1967 many refugees (mainly Bedouin) have come to live in Artouze, and the newcomers (called "nazheen" (نازحين)) have clashed with the long-term residents. Some of these clashes have resulted in casualties. Also, a few Iraqis have moved to Artouze following the American invasion of Iraq.
Artouze has several mosques. Churches of other faiths are located only in nearby Judidet Artouze.
Secularism flourished in the town in 1970s, but the last two decades have witnessed growing religious fervour among the population.
Education.
Schools are mixed in the town, with boys and girls attending the same schools.
There are two secondary schools, one of which has been set up to serve the refugee community exclusively.
Artouze has good percentage of educated people in its population. English is the second language for most of the educated people, but the knowledge of it is also limited and not enough to communicate efficiently. French is also understood with limitation, especially between old educated Artouzians.

</doc>
<doc id="19874571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874571" title="Amir Gul">
Amir Gul

Amir Gul is a Pakistani footballer playing currently for NBP FC. He made is international debut against Malaysia in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19874576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874576" title="Hans Hein Nysom">
Hans Hein Nysom

Hans Hein Nysom (4 February 1767 - 29 January 1831) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was born in Bragernes, and worked as a vicar in Botne. He married an Elisabeth Sophie Neumann.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the city of Holmestrand. He left politics after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19874616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874616" title="Table tennis at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of eleven events, six for men and five for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19874619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874619" title="Carlos Ginzburg">
Carlos Ginzburg

Carlos Ginzburg is a conceptual artist and theoretician born in 1946 in La Plata, Argentina. He studied philosophy and social theory.
Biography.
Germano Celant, when writing about Arte Povera, invited Ginzburg by letter to join his movement. 
As a conceptual artist interested in digital art, fractals chaos and fractal art, Ginzburg created what he calls "homo fractalus" – a concept about microcosm totality. 
He has worked with the art critic Pierre Restany (with whom he developed the concept of "Political Ecology") and with Severo Sarduy who put him near Hokusai in "Barroco", one of the reference's books to "Le Pli" of Gilles Deleuze. 
He lives in Paris and works, since 2005, with the artist Tschann on ideas between fractal chaos and religion.
Exhibition.
Personal exhibition
Collectival exhibition
Bibliography.
Pascale LE THOREL-DAVIOT
Gillo Dorfles
Pierre Restany
Severo Sarduy
Severo Sarduy et Klaus Ottman
Tim Jacobs
Jean-Claude Chirollet (philosophe, esthéticien, spécialiste de l'art fractaliste, Université de Strasbourg):
la Forme", éd. L'Harmattan, Paris, p. 283-295
éd. du Treize Mars, Paris, septembre 1998, p. 112-114
Université du Québec, p. 103-132.
Paul Ardenne

</doc>
<doc id="19874650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874650" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of two men's tournaments. One for athletes with complete lesion paraplegia, and one for athletes with incomplete paraplegia.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19874651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874651" title="Arnold K. Garr">
Arnold K. Garr

Arnold Kent Garr (born June 14, 1944) was the chair of the department of Church History and Doctrine at Brigham Young University (BYU) from 2006 to 2009. He was also the lead editor of the "Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History". 
Biography.
Garr was born and raised in Ogden, Utah. As a young man, Garr served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Finland. Garr married Cherie Burns in the Salt Lake Temple on November 20, 1967 and they are the parents of five children.
In the LDS Church, among other callings, Garr has served as a bishop, counselor to a stake president, member of a stake high council and branch president. He served as a member of the Church Correlation Committee from 2001 to 2009.
Late in his life Garr took up running and he completed eleven marathons after turning sixty.
Education.
Garr received a bachelors degree in History from Weber State University, a master's degree in History from Utah State University, and a Ph.D. in American History, minoring in LDS Church history, from BYU in 1986.
Career.
Garr began his career with the Church Educational System (CES) as a seminary teacher at Roy High School in Utah. He later served as director of the Institutes of Religion in Rochester, New York, Boulder, Colorado and Tallahassee, Florida. After 21 years with CES, Garr joined the BYU faculty in 1991. He taught at the BYU Jerusalem Center during 1996–97 and was later the chair of the Department of Church History and Doctrine.

</doc>
<doc id="19874662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874662" title="Sudoku Challenge!">
Sudoku Challenge!

Sudoku Challenge! is a WiiWare sudoku game developed by Digital Leisure. The game was released in North America on November 24, 2008 and in the PAL region on December 19, 2008 and costs 500 Wii Points. The DSiWare version has been released in North America on November 30, 2009 and in the PAL region on May 14, 2010.
The game includes three difficulty levels, Original and Grand Sudoku game modes (where the player has to complete five intersecting Sudoku boards at the same time), and over 100,000,000 sudoku puzzles.
Reception.
WiiWare World gave the game 6 out of 10, believing "Sudoku Challenge" to be an acceptable puzzler but with still room for improvement. Commenting that the presentation was functional and that most players will be satisfied with what was on offer, with the sudoku puzzles varying in difficulty to challenge players of all skill levels, they were also impressed with the number of puzzles included and claimed that, at 10 minutes a puzzle, it would take a player at least 1900 years to complete all the puzzles included on the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19874665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874665" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of three events.

</doc>
<doc id="19874667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874667" title="1948 Donora smog">
1948 Donora smog

The 1948 Donora smog was a historic air inversion resulting in a wall of smog that killed 20 people and sickened 7,000 more in Donora, Pennsylvania, a mill town on the Monongahela River, southeast of Pittsburgh. The event is the basis of the Donora Smog Museum.
Incident.
The fog started building up in Donora on October 27, 1948. By the following day it was causing coughing and other signs of respiratory distress for many residents of the community in the Monongahela River valley. Many of the illnesses and deaths were initially attributed to asthma. The smog continued until it rained on October 31, by which time 20 residents of Donora had died and approximately a third to one half of the town's population of 14,000 residents had been sickened. Sixty years later, the incident was described by "The New York Times" as "one of the worst air pollution disasters in the nation's history". Even ten years after the incident, mortality rates in Donora were significantly higher than those in other communities nearby.
Hydrogen fluoride and sulfur dioxide emissions from U.S. Steel's Donora Zinc Works and its American Steel & Wire plant were frequent occurrences in Donora. What made the 1948 event more severe was a temperature inversion, a situation in which warmer air aloft traps pollution in a layer of colder air near the surface. The pollutants in the air mixed with fog to form a thick, yellowish, acrid smog that hung over Donora for five days. The sulfuric acid, nitrogen dioxide, fluorine and other poisonous gases that usually dispersed into the atmosphere were caught in the inversion and accumulated until the rain ended the weather pattern.
One of the heroes to emerge during the four-day smog was Chief John Volk of the Donora Fire Department and his assistant Russell Davis. Volk and Davis responded to calls from Friday night until Sunday night, depleting their supply of of oxygen, borrowing more from all nearby municipalities including, McKeesport, Monessen, and Charleroi. "I didn’t take any myself. What I did every time I came back to the station was have a little shot of whiskey."
The eight doctors in the town, who belonged to the Donora Medical Association, made house calls much like the firefighters during the period of intense smog, often visiting the houses of patients who were treated by the other doctors in town. This was a result of patients calling every doctor in town in the hope of getting treatment faster. It was not until mid-day Saturday that Mrs. Cora Vernon, executive director of the American Red Cross, had it set up so that all calls going to the doctors’ offices would be switched to the emergency center being established in the town hall. The smog was so intense that driving was nearly abandoned; those who chose to continue driving were risky. “I drove on the left side of the street with my head out the window. Steering by scraping the curb.” recalls Davis.
It was not until Sunday morning the 31st of October, that a meeting occurred between the operators of the plants, and the town officials. Burgess Chambon requested the plants temporarily cease operations. The superintendent of the plants, L.J. Westhaver, said the plants already began to shut down operation at around 6am that morning. With the rain alleviating the smog, the plants resumed normal operation the following morning.
Researchers analyzing the event have focused likely blame on pollutants from the zinc plant, whose emissions had killed almost all vegetation within a half-mile radius of the plant. Dr. Devra L. Davis, director of the Center for Environmental Oncology at the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute, has pointed to autopsy results showing fluorine levels in victims in the lethal range, as much as 20 times higher than normal. Fluorine gas generated in the zinc smelting process became trapped by the stagnant air and was the primary cause of the deaths.
Aftermath.
Preliminary results of a study performed by Dr. Clarence A. Mills of the University of Cincinnati and released in December 1948 showed that thousands more Donora residents could have been killed if the smog had lasted any longer than it had, in addition to the 20 humans and nearly 800 animals killed during the incident.
Lawsuits were filed against U.S. Steel, which never acknowledged responsibility for the incident, calling it "an act of God". While the steel company did not accept blame, it reached a settlement in 1951 in which it paid about $235,000, which was stretched over the 80 victims who had participated in the lawsuit, leaving them little after legal expenses were factored in. Representatives of American Steel and Wire settled the more than $4.6 million claimed in 130 damage suits at about 5% of what had been sought, noting that the company was prepared to show at trial that the smog had been caused by a "freak weather condition" that trapped over Donora "all of the smog coming from the homes, railroads, the steamboats, and the exhaust from automobiles, as well as the effluents from its plants." U.S. Steel closed both plants by 1966.
By 1949, a year after the disaster, the total value of the predominantly residential property in Donora had declined by nearly 10%.
The Donora Smog marked one of the incidents where Americans recognized that exposure to large amounts of pollution in a short period of time can result in injuries and fatalities. The event is often credited for helping to trigger the clean-air movement in the United States, whose crowning achievement was the Clean Air Act of 1970, which required the United States Environmental Protection Agency to develop and enforce regulations to protect the general public from exposure to hazardous airborne contaminants.
The incident was little spoken of in Donora until a historical marker was placed in the town in 1998 to mark the 50th anniversary of the incident. The 60th anniversary, in 2008, was commemorated with memorials for the families of the victims and other educational programs. The Donora Smog Museum was opened on October 20, 2008, located in an old storefront at 595 McKean Avenue near Sixth Street, with the slogan "Clean Air Started Here". Fewer than 6,000 people still live in Donora.
The incident started the slow death of Donora, that continues to this day. The Town of Donora's business district is empty, and full of crumbling and decayed buildings.
Media coverage and influence.
An account of the smog was published in 1950 by the noted medical writer Berton Roueché in "The New Yorker" under the title "The Fog". Together with another short story, "A Pig From New Jersey", this story won him the 1950 Albert Lasker Medical Journalism Award. "The Fog" was later included in his celebrated collection of short stories "Eleven Blue Men".
Devra Davis' 2002 novel "When Smoke Ran Like Water" starts with the Donora Smog.
The 2009 novel "Don't Kill the Messenger" by Joel Pierson features a fictional town, Wyandotte, Pennsylvania, which became a ghost town after a smog incident, based on the Donora Smog.
An hour-long documentary "Rumor of Blue Sky" produced by Andrew Maietta and Janet Whitney aired on WQED-TV in April 2009. The film features archival images and interviews with survivors of the environmental tragedy.
The Weather Channel produced an episode of two series - "When Weather Changed History" and "Weather That Changed The World" - on the Donora smog incident.
In 1995, the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission installed a historical marker noting the historic importance of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19874683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874683" title="A Dog's Ransom">
A Dog's Ransom

"A Dog's Ransom" (1972) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Synopsis.
One day, publishing house executive Ed Reynolds finds a disturbing ransom note in the Manhattan apartment he shares with his wife: "Dear sir: I have your dog, Lisa. She is well and happy... I gather she is important to you? We'll see." As the couple slowly realise the predicament they're in, it becomes painfully clear that an ambitious kidnapper really has hit them where it hurts...
Reception.
"Highsmith edges her readers toward the insane territory inhabited by her people... readers are sure to be left feeling by turns startled, oppressed, amused and queasy." - "New York Times Book Review"
"No one has created psychological suspense more densely and deliciously satisfying." - "Vogue"

</doc>
<doc id="19874712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874712" title="L. Chris Ross">
L. Chris Ross

L. Chris Ross is serving his sixth term as representative of the 158th Legislative District of Pennsylvania, USA. He is Republican Chairman of the House Intergovernmental Affairs Committee and is also a member of the House Environmental Resources and Energy Committee.
Career.
Ross' career in public service began shortly after his graduation from college. He worked on the successful campaigns of the late U.S. Sen. John Heinz in 1976 and former Pennsylvania Governor Dick Thornburgh in 1978. 
He served seven years as Chairman of the London Grove Township’s Board of Supervisors. Ross was also a former board member of the Upland School, where he chaired the school’s Education Committee and was chairman of the board of directors of the Fairville Early Learning Center (now known as Fairville Friends School).
He also was a business owner of Rox Industries, Inc. prior to his tenure as a state representative.
Personal.
Ross is a 1974 graduate of Harvard University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in history. In 2002, the political website PoliticsPA named him to the list of "Smartest Legislators."
He is involved in several community groups and organizations, including the Brandywine Conservancy, the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, and the Pennsylvania Environmental Council, among others.
Ross and his wife reside in Kennett Square and have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19874734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874734" title="French ship Néréide">
French ship Néréide

Seven ships of the French Navy have born the name Néréide, after the Nereid (sea nymphs): 

</doc>
<doc id="19874753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874753" title="Michael Smith (rugby league)">
Michael Smith (rugby league)

Michael "Mick" Smith is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s, playing at club level for Featherstone Rovers, as a , i.e. number 6.
Playing career.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Mick Smith is a 1967 & 1973 Challenge Cup Winner with Featherstone Rovers.
Career records.
Mick Smith holds Feathersone Rovers "Most Tries In A Game" record, with six tries against Doncaster on Saturday 13 April 1968.
Coaching career.
Mick Smith has coached Doncaster Toll Bar Under-16s.

</doc>
<doc id="19874756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874756" title="Open Carbon World">
Open Carbon World

Open Carbon World is the first full-service carbon planning Web site dedicated to the promotion of market-based solutions to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reductions. The site is an open access community with the goal of helping companies establish clear policies towards reducing carbon emissions. Open Carbon World provides a convenient, single resource for carbon information and policy discussions. It offers up-to-date, accurate information on emissions trading and carbon markets and serves as a forum for members of the carbon community interested in driving market-based emissions reduction policy.
Like Wikipedia, Open Carbon World is predicated on the idea of open access, enabling anyone to submit content and events to the Web site. An editorial board drawn from key industry participants oversees the veracity and quality of all information contributed to the portal.
Features.
Open Carbon World includes several components designed to provide clarity, advocacy and collaboration, and to accelerate the growth of markets for carbon emissions trading. Key features of the website include:

</doc>
<doc id="19874771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874771" title="Tony Madison">
Tony Madison

Tony Madison (born 1971) is a retired professional American basketball player who played NCAA basketball for the New Orleans Privateers.
He is most famous for playing in the Lebanese Basketball League for Tadamon Zouk Lebanese basketball club for many seasons. He last played for Champville SC in the same league. He is regarded as one of the best imports in the Middle East after playing in Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19874789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874789" title="Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark">
Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark

Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark and Iceland (Alexandrine-Louise Caroline-Mathilde Dagmar) (12 December 1914 – 26 April 1962) was a Danish princess as a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of Frederick VIII of Denmark.
As the wife of Count Luitpold of Castell-Castell she became a countess of Castell-Castell by marriage.
Early life.
She was the third child and daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark, son of King Frederick VIII of Denmark and Princess Louise of Sweden. Her mother was Princess Helena of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Marriage and issue.
Before her marriage, Alexandrine-Louise was frequently mentioned as a possible queen consort to Edward VIII of the United Kingdom.
On 24 August 1936, her engagement to Count Luitpold of Castell-Castell, eldest child and son of Count Otto Friedrich of Castell-Castell and his wife, Princess Amélie of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg, was announced by special permission of Alexandrine-Louise's uncle Christian X of Denmark. The couple had met for the first time in Berlin during the 1936 Summer Olympics. Following their first meeting, Luitpold and Alexandrine-Louise spent nearly every day together. Before her departure from Berlin, Luitpold proposed marriage and Alexandrine-Louise accepted. At the time of their engagement announcement, Luitpold was a law student residing in Munich.
Luitpold and Alexandrine-Louise were married on 22 January 1937 at Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen, Denmark. Footage of the wedding on nitrate film is preserved by the Danish Film Institute in their bunker archive for nitrate film at Store Dyrehave in Hillerød. According to the film archivist Karin Bonde Johansen regarding the scenes captured by the film, "the atmosphere looks cheerful and wild looking, but unfortunately there is no audio to the footage." 
The couple had three children:
Later life.
Count Luitpold was killed in action in World War II in Bankya near Sofia, Bulgaria on 6/8 November 1941.
Countess Alexandrine-Louise died in Copenhagen on 26 April 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19874811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874811" title="List of space shuttle rollbacks">
List of space shuttle rollbacks

This is a list of space shuttle rollbacks. "Rollback" is the term NASA uses when the space shuttle is rolled back from the launch pad atop the Mobile Launcher Platform and Crawler-transporter to the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB). A variety of factors can require a rollback, from severe weather to the need for repairs that cannot be performed at the launch pad. Shuttle rollbacks to date are listed in chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="19874855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874855" title="Garpax Records">
Garpax Records

Garpax Records was an American record label, established by Gary S. Paxton, which first issued the song "Monster Mash" by Bobby "Boris" Pickett in 1962. It was distributed by London Records. The label lasted from 1962 to 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19874892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874892" title="Under My Skin (book)">
Under My Skin (book)

Under My Skin: Volume I of my Autobiography, to 1949 (1994) was the first volume of Doris Lessing's autobiography, covering the period of her life from birth in 1919 to leaving Zimbabwe in 1949.
Although Lessing describes her fiction as not autobiographical, in this volume she makes explicit comparisons between herself and the leading character, Martha Quest, of the Children of Violence series.
The second volume of Lessing's autobiography appeared in 1997: "Walking in the Shade: Volume II of my Autobiography (1949-1962)"

</doc>
<doc id="19874894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874894" title="Billy Gilliland">
Billy Gilliland

Billy Gilliland (born 1957) is a former badminton player from Scotland who excelled from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s. Although he won the Scottish national singles title in 1979, the tall, angular Gilliland was a doubles specialist at the international level with his greatest success coming in mixed doubles. Gilliland won mixed doubles at the prestigious All-England Championships with England's Nora Perry in 1985. He had previously reached the All-England final in both men's doubles and mixed doubles in 1982. He was a mixed doubles bronze medalist at the 1977 IBF World Championships with Joanna Flockhart. Though he won numerous tournaments abroad, perhaps Gilliland's most impressive badminton accomplishment was sharing twelve consecutive Scottish national mixed doubles titles equally with two partners, between 1976 and 1987. With regular partner Dan Travers, he won nine Scottish national men's doubles titles during that period, and men's doubles at the Commonwealth Games in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19874895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874895" title="Idea Verona">
Idea Verona

IDEA Verona is an Italian language, art, and culture school for foreigners visiting or living in Verona. The school was founded in 1998 and is located at the Don Bosco Institute in the historical centre of Verona. 
Language classes are offered at every level of Italian, from beginning to advanced. Other classes offered include art history, Italian cooking, fresco painting, and speciality courses for students studying in music and opera singing.
IDEA Verona is an accredited language school and collaborates with the study abroad programs of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign (USA), British Columbia University (Canada), and Macquarie University(Australia). Within Verona, the school operates accordance with the Chamber of Commerce of Verona and the Dante Alighieri Society. The school is an authorised centre of PLIDA (Progetto Lingua Italiana Dante Alighieri) the recognised certificate in Italian language, according to Università La Sapienza - Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="19874913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874913" title="Mart Racer">
Mart Racer

Mart Racer is a racing game for WiiWare developed by Joju Games, released in North America on September 14, 2009. It supports up to 4 players offline and online through the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Gameplay.
Set in a supermarket, the game sees players pushing around shopping carts as they complete a list of 6 items they must collect and bring back to the checkout before their opponents can. Players always compete against 3 other human or AI opponents, and as items only respawn after a 1 minute wait, players are encouraged to steal items from each other, exploiting 6 different power-ups for offense or defense.
"Mart Racer" features twelve different supermarkets to race in, with new stages unlocked by winning. The game is controlled by players gripping the Wii Remote like the bar on a shopping cart, tilting it forward and back to accelerate and brake, and twisting it to steer. The Classic Controller is also supported.
Reception.
Wiiloveit.com gave the game an 18/30, stating that the execution "leaves much to be desired", making it "extremely difficult to justify the 800-point price tag". It was also commented that the online mode isn't much of a saving grace since it's almost impossible to get a match going.

</doc>
<doc id="19874919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874919" title="Saksit Vejsupaporn">
Saksit Vejsupaporn

Saksit Vejsupaporn (, , ), popularly known by the nickname Tor (stylized ToR+; , , ), is a Thai pop singer and pianist.
Biography.
Saksit was born on 20 January 1984. His father, Nakorn Vejsupaporn, was lead and guitarist for the Thai band Grand Ex', which was active during the 1970s and 1980s. Saksit began playing the piano at the age of three, and played for church from the age of nine. (He is a Protestant.) His early accomplishments include winning the Trinity College Awards Thailand in 1999. He attended primary school at Bangkok Adventist Church School and secondary school at Ekamai International School, and graduated BBA with honours from Assumption University.
Saksit began working with Boyd Kosiyabong, playing piano accompaniment in Boyd's Million Ways to Love Part 1 concert in 2003, and releasing a piano instrumental album of Boyd's compositions under the Bakery Music label in the same year. In 2004, Saksit and four other members of the group B5 (which debuted at the 2003 concert) released their "Event" album, which featured Saksit singing "Khon Mai Phiset" (, literally "non-special person") and playing piano for all songs. He released another instrumental piano album titled "Piano & I" the same year.
Saksit released his first solo vocal album, "Living in C Major", in February 2007. The song "Rak Ter" (, also "Ruk Tur", lit. "love you") became an instant hit, placing at number one on Seed 97.5 FM's charts for five weeks. He also released "Piano & I Part II", an instrumental album, that November.
Saksit won numerous national awards in 2007 and 2008, including the Favourite Artist of Thailand title at the 2008 MTV Asia Awards held in Genting, Malaysia, in August 2008. This was followed the same month by the release of "Munk?" (, lit. "maybe"), a single from the upcoming "ToR+ Munk?" album, which rose to number one on Seed FM and EFM within two weeks.
Since 2007, Saksit has been a presenter for Brand's chicken soup (a product family of Cerebos Thailand), and appears on a number of advertisement campaigns for the product.

</doc>
<doc id="19874925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874925" title="Arkells">
Arkells

Arkells are a Canadian rock band, formed in Hamilton, Ontario. In 2006, they signed with Dine Alone Records, They have since signed with Universal Records Canada.
Band history.
Arkells are an indie band originally from Hamilton, Ontario. Their band is named after the street on which they lived and would practice their music. In late 2008, Arkells toured Canada as opening act for Matt Mays & El Torpedo. Later that year, on November 22, they performed the halftime show at the Vanier Cup in their hometown. In early 2009 they toured with Waking Eyes across Canada. Arkells were featured on Aux.tv's Alt Sessions where they performed their full EP.
On October 22, 2009, Arkells won a favourite new artist CASBY Award (short for Canadian Artists Selected by You) from Toronto radio station 102.1 The Edge at a ceremony and concert at Toronto's Kool Haus. The band also performed at the event.
The band has continued raising their profile and experiencing success in 2010. On April 18, 2010, Arkells won the Juno Award for New Group of the Year, and on May 15, 2010, were hand-picked to open for Them Crooked Vultures at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto.
They also made headlines while playing a set at Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto after the 2010 Much Music Video Awards, when rapper Shad and pop singer Kesha joined them onstage to freestyle and sing along during a cover of Ms. Jackson by Outkast. "Whistleblower" has also been used as the Intro Music to the 2011-2012 Calgary Hitmen hockey team and featured in EA Sports NHL 13 video game.
In 2011 the band wrote and recorded their second album Michigan Left, which was released on October 18 of that year. The first single, "Whistleblower", was released to iTunes on July 5, 2011. The band also released a second song, "Kiss Cam", on July 12. "Whistleblower" will be released as a 7" single, and "Kiss Cam" will serve as the single's B-side.
In 2012 Arkells won the 2012 Juno Award for Group of the Year.
The band has become known for performing spontaneous Motown cover sets, most recently at an Osheaga after party in Montreal, and while stranded in St. John's Newfoundland. In September 2012, the band played Jian Ghomeshi's "1982" book launch in Toronto. The band has also started a tradition of sending fans signed postcards and free downloads at Christmas.
Arkells have become known for their extensive touring schedule. This has included American touring with Lights, Tokyo Police Club, The Postelles, The Maine, and Lydia; European touring with Billy Talent, British Sea Power, and Anti-Flag as well as Canadian touring with Metric, the Tragically Hip, Hollerado, Sam Roberts and numerous other Canadian bands.

</doc>
<doc id="19874944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874944" title="Edith's Diary">
Edith's Diary

"Edith's Diary" (1977) is a psychological novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Synopsis.
When Edith Howland's husband abandons her for a younger woman, leaving her with their alcoholic son and his senile uncle, she begins recording details of an imaginary, much more successful life where she has friends and grandchildren. However, this diversion soon grows unhealthy when she becomes slowly convinced that the fantasies are real…
Adaptation.
"Edith's Diary" was adapted into the German film "Ediths Tagebuch" (1983), directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer and starring Angela Winkler as Edith. Highsmith called the film "dreadful."

</doc>
<doc id="19874968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874968" title="Fédération des associations étudiantes du campus de l'Université de Montréal">
Fédération des associations étudiantes du campus de l'Université de Montréal

The Fédération des associations étudiantes du campus de l'Université de Montréal (FAÉCUM) is an accredited federation of students' associations on Université de Montréal's campus. It encompasses 85 different students' associations and represents a total of 37,500 members. Its objective is to promote and defend different student interests.

</doc>
<doc id="19874971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874971" title="Parti république du Québec">
Parti république du Québec

The Parti république du Québec (in English: "Republic of Quebec Party") was a small and short-lived conservative, sovereigntist and green political party in the Canadian province of Quebec. It was led by Gilles Paquette, who tried unsuccessfully to contest the leadership of the Parti Québécois in 2005.
The party was recognized by the Chief Electoral Officer of Quebec on 26 March 2007, the same day for voting in general elections in Quebec. The head of this new political movement had been an independent candidate in the riding of Soulanges. Two other members of the PRQ, Régent Millette and Marie-Ange Germain, respectively, had been candidates of the Parti démocratie chrétienne (Christian Democratic Party) in 2003 and the Green Party of Quebec in 2007. At the time of its official recognition, the party claimed it had more than 2000 members.
In the December 8, 2008 Quebec National Assembly elections, the party ran one candidate (Gilles Paquette), in Vaudreuil, where he received 140 votes. This result, totalling 0.004% of the total votes cast in the province, is the lowest percentage of the total vote that any political party contesting an election has received in the history of Quebec.
Dissolution.
In January 2010, Quebec's Chief Electoral Officer announced that the party had lost its status as an authorised political party, effective December 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19874986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874986" title="Peter H. Fogtdal">
Peter H. Fogtdal

Peter H. Fogtdal, Danish novelist, was born May 22, 1956 in Copenhagen, Denmark. He has written 12 novels in Danish. Three have been translated into French, two into Portuguese, and one into English. In Denmark he is known for writing novels with a spiritual, mystical or humorous slant.
In 2005 he won a French literary prize, Prix Littéraire des Ambassadeurs de la Francophonie for his translated novel Le front chantilly (Floedeskumsfronten). In 2001 this novel was named one of the three best novels of the year by the biggest Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten.
Peter H. Fogtdal shares his time between Portland, Oregon and Copenhagen, Denmark.
Novel in English:
Selected novels in Danish:

</doc>
<doc id="19874993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874993" title="The Best Little Girl in the World">
The Best Little Girl in the World

The Best Little Girl in the World is a 1981 television film directed by Sam O'Steen and executive produced by Aaron Spelling. The film is based upon the 1978 novel of the same name written by Steven Levenkron.
Plot.
17-year-old Casey Powell is a shy teenager who gets good grades, loves sports and dancing, aspires to be a cheerleader and wants to dance professionally in ballet. Her parents, Frank and Joanne, give all their attention to her 19-year-old sister Gail, who just found out she is pregnant by somebody she has no interest in marrying. Frank is infuriated and Joanne is worried about Gail, so they forget to spend time with Casey- not a new thing as Gail has always been a problem child who got into trouble and argued with their father. The family think of Casey as the good girl who doesn't cause any trouble. Feeling ignored and after getting embarrassed at her cheerleading audition when one of the jocks makes sexual comments to her, Casey starts wanting to look like the girls on the covers of magazines and begins working out and dieting as well. At this time Eating Disorders were not well known about and treatment was in the very early stages, usually focusing on forced feeding if it was known about at all. Little was known about the psychology of the illness.
Casey is noticed by her ballet teacher, Madame Seurat, who tells her she could be very good if she loses a few pounds- thinning then firming up. It doesn't take long before Casey becomes a starving anorexic who occasionally purges. She is surprised when her parents don't take her desire of professional dancing seriously since they put her into ballet classes as a child and have always wanted her to be able to dance well. Instead she now discovers they think she will graduate from high school, get a good job and then become a wife and mother despite Casey trying to inform them otherwise. Over the next two months, Casey becomes obsessed with dieting and improving in ballet. This causes her school work to deteriorate, which brings attention from her parents as does her remoteness around them and her disinclination to eat. Gail attempts to support Casey, asking her parents to stop pushing her but this simply causes more fights.
When her sister really sees how thin Casey is, she is horrified and warns her parents. Casey is sent to a doctor who orders her to start eating normally again, threatening to send her to a hospital if she doesn't. Despite the pressure, Casey is afraid to gain weight and continues her eating disorder secretly. When her parents discover diet pills, Frank tries to force her to eat, but she refuses to do so. When she returns home from a party where she felt totally out of place and miserable she tries to convince her parents that she ate at the party, but Frank isn't convinced and tries to shove a peanut butter sandwich in her mouth, but she bites his hand. In an attempt to mend things with her family, Casey makes them all breakfast and even eats with them but seems discouraged after her mother says she can no longer come to Casey's cheerleading performance as she needs to take Gail to a lamaze class and to pick out some baby things. After her parents take the diet pills and laxatives from her, Casey steals a package at the pharmacy the next day. However, she is caught and is arrested. After her parents bail her out, she collapses outside the police station and is taken to the hospital. She tries to run away, but collapses yet again outside the hospital and is taken back.
In the hospital, she befriends fellow patient Carol Link. Carol is also suffering from anorexia and bulimia and gives Casey advice about how to get kicked out of the hospital and also teaches her tricks to mislead the doctors. At one moment, Carol overdoses on pills and Casey witnesses her dying. Crushed and devastated, she runs away, but collapses for the third time. When she becomes conscious again, she is angry that she is back in the hospital. She tells her doctor, Clay Orlovsky, that she is afraid to die as well, but he assures her that is not going to happen as long as she starts being honest with him and working to get better. Dr Clay is a specialist in Eating Disorders and aspires to develop an effective treatment programme which works long term.
When Casey improves, she is finally allowed to see her family again. Dr. Orlovsky analyzes their meeting. Gail and her father argue, Joanne sits in between them as peacemaker and Casey sits ina corner and stays out of the way. He tells the family that he thinks Casey has developed an eating disorder because it seems to be the only way for her to get attention. Despite being a delight- good grades, good student, polite, pretty, dedicated, an excellent dancer- Casey has been ignored and sidelined in favour of Gail who is more outspoken and forthright. Her type A personality forces her to want to achieve perfection in everything, including Anorexia, and her problems with self-assertion mean she also wants to be able to control her food and eating because she feel out of control in real life.
After a while, Casey begins to recover and is released from the hospital. She doesn't want to leave, however, and feels safer with Dr. Orlovsky because her family is more of a threat to her mental wellbeing. In the final scene, she eats ice cream without disliking it.
Production.
Producer Aaron Spelling came to the idea of making a movie about the book. Jennifer Jason Leigh replaced Jodie Foster, who was at one point assigned to play the lead. Leigh weighed 98 pounds at the time, but dieted down to 86 pounds to play the role.
Actors Jason Miller and Charles Durning were close friends; Durning's career making performance was in Miller's 1973 Pulitzer Prize winning play "That Championship Season."
Reception.
The film's reception was generally positive; in particular, Leigh was praised for her portrayal of a teenager. The film gained attention again in 1983, when singer/drummer Karen Carpenter died of complications from anorexia nervosa. Although the film was later released on VHS, the movie is now quite rare.
The movie, however, received criticism for its portrayal of treatment for anorexia victims, which was thought to be unrealistic. Another criticism was that its plot differed too much from the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="19874998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874998" title="Nicholas Micozzie">
Nicholas Micozzie

Nicholas Anthony "Nick" Micozzie (born November 2, 1928) is an American politician from Pennsylvania who serves as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is Republican Chairman of the House Insurance Committee and is also a member of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
Career.
Micozzie got his start in public service at the local level, serving for many years as a councilman and then a commissioner in Upper Darby Township.
Personal.
Born in Philadelphia, Micozzie graduated from St. Thomas More High School in the city. He earned a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from St. Joseph’s College, Philadelphia and later attended Villanova University. He is also a U.S. Air Force veteran who reached the rank of staff sergeant.
Micozzie and his wife have three children, seven grandchildren and five great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19874999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874999" title="Papyrus 9">
Papyrus 9

Papyrus 9 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_19, and named Oxyrhynchus papyri 402, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the First Epistle of John, dating paleographically to the early 3rd century.
Description.
Papyrus formula_19 was discovered by Bernard Pyne Grenfell and Arthur Surridge Hunt in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt. Papyrus formula_19 is currently housed at the Houghton Library, Harvard University, Semitic Museum Inv. 3736, Cambridge (Massachusetts). 
The surviving text is a fragment of one leaf containing verses 4:11-12,14-17, written in one column per page. The original codex had 16 lines per page. The text on the manuscript was written very carelessly, evidenced by the crude and irregular handwriting, and the manuscript contains some unintelligible spellings.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category I. The manuscript is too brief for certainty.

</doc>
<doc id="19875002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875002" title="Georg Johann Mattarnovi">
Georg Johann Mattarnovi

Georg Johann Mattarnovi (, "Georg Ivanovich Mattarnovi"; died 2 November 1719) was a German Baroque architect and sculptor, notable for his work in Saint Petersburg.
The birthplace of Mattarnovi is unknown, but most probably it was Prussia. His year of birth is also unknown. He was a sculptor, and a disciple and assistant of German architect Andreas Schlüter. Mattarnovi arrived in Saint Petersburg in 1714, following Schlüter. After the death of Schlüter, Mattarnovi continued work on Schlüter's projects.
In 1715-1719, Mattarnovi managed the construction of the grotto pavilion in the Summer Garden originally designed by Schlüter. He also built two pavilions there, and a colonnade-gallery for an ancient sculpture of Venus. Mattarnovi built the Tsar Peter I's main residence of Saint Peterburg, the so-called "new Winter Palace", or the "third Winter Palace". Originally, as designed by Schlüter, it was a small two-storey house, but in 1719-1721 the building was significantly expanded. The building was the centre of the ensemble of buildings on the Palace Embankment. The Great Hall of the Winter Palace was the site of the public mourning ceremony for Peter I. Mattarnovi's Winter Palace was later torn down, and Giacomo Quarenghi built the Hermitage Theater on the site. In 1718-1719, Mattarnovi built a mansion for the Procurator General of the Senate, P. I. Yaguzhinsky, on the Palace Embankment.
Mattarnovi built "Mytny (Gostinny) Dvor" on the intersection of Nevsky Prospect and Moyka River (1716-1720). The building was destroyed by fire in 1736 and a new Gostiny Dvor was built on a different spot. Mattarnovi was the originator of the "standard houses" built on Petrogradsky Island and the first version of Saint Isaac's Cathedral, built from 1717-1723.
The only surviving building of a Mattarnovi project is the Kunstkammer, the first museum in Russia, built from 1718-1734.
Mattarnovi died on 2 November 1719 in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, where he had worked for five years. His son Philipp Georg Mattarnovi (1716-1742) was a noted engraver.

</doc>
<doc id="19875035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875035" title="Gjin Bua Shpata">
Gjin Bua Shpata

Gjin Bua Shpata (1310-1399), also known as John Bua Spata, was an Albanian ruler of the Despotate of Arta. He was part of the noble Shpata family. He was also despot of Angelokastro and Acheloos (1358–1399), Lord of Arta 1375, Lord of Lepanto, Despot of Arta and Lepanto.
Ruler and Despot of Arta.
In the summer of 1358, Nikephoros II Doukas, the last despot of Epirus that belonged to the Orsini dynasty, fought against the Albanian forces in the Battle of Achelous (1359) near the river Acheloos, Acarnania. The Albanians won the war and managed to create two new states in the Southern Despotate of Epirus.
After the fall of the Orsini dynasty of the Despotate of Epirus, the Serbian lords of Stefan Uroš IV Dušan, divided the territory between them and the Albanian rulers that supported the Serbian campaign.
The first of the two Albanian lead states had its capital in Arta and was under the Albanian nobleman Peter Losha. The second, centered in Angelokastron, was ruled by Gjin Bua Shpata. After the death of Peter Losha in 1374, the Albanian despotates of Arta and Angelocastron were united under the rule of Despot Gjin Bua Shpata. The territory of this Despotate was from the Corinth Gulf to Acheron River in the North. The Despotate of Epirus, just north of the Despotate of Arta, managed to control in this period only the eastern part of Epirus, together with Vagenetia (Thesprotia). Its capital was Ioannina.
North of the Despotate of Epirus was another Albanian state, the Principality of Gjon Zenebishti.
During this period the Despotate of Epirus was ruled by Thomas II Preljubović, who was in an open conflict with Gjin Bue Shpata. In 1375, Gjin Bue Shpata started an offensive in Ioannina, but he couldn't invade the city. Although Shpata married with the sister of Thomas II Preljubović (the Despot of Epirus), Helena, their war did not stop. In 1380 and 1382 Thomas II Preljubović allied with the Ottomans against Gjin Bua Shpata.
In the same period Shpata started a war against Leonardo I Tocco, who was the ruler of Cefalonia and Leucada. Shpata died on 29 October 1399, under the continuous pressure of Preljubović and Tocco, whose son would become the next despot of Epirus.
Shpata family.
Gjin Bue Shpata was part of the noble Albanian Shpata and Boua families. His father Pietro Bua Shpata was lord of Gjirokastër and Delvina.
His genealogical tree is not well documented. It was first outlined by Karl Hopf in his Chroniques Greco-Romanes (p. 531) and by K. Sathas in the 19th century but a newer study finds that those works have many mistakes and gaps. An anonymous source, based mainly on Hopf's work, gives this family tree
]]
G. Schiró studied the genealogy of Spata based on the original sources, i.e. the "Chronicle of Ioannina" and the "Chronicle of Tocco", but also on the Venetian archives. He proposed a family tree quiet different from that of Hopf. For example, Pietro Bua had not only three sons but four. Gjin Bua Spata had not any son but only daughters. His daughter Irene married three times. He believes that the family was extinct with the death of Yaqub in 1416. Other people, mainly condottieri, with the name "Bua" are not blood relatives of this family but this name was used by many as first name since it became famous.

</doc>
<doc id="19875036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875036" title="Postman (film)">
Postman (film)

Postman is a Chinese film made in 1995 and directed by He Jianjun. His second feature, "Postman" tells the story of a shy mailman played by Feng Yuanzheng who steals and reads the letters of people on his route. The film is considered part of China's sixth generation movement.
The director operated under a ban during "Postman"'s production and only succeeded in screening the film abroad after smuggling a print out of the country and finishing the film overseas.
Plot.
Xiao Dou (Feng Yuanzheng) is a shy and naive mailworker living in Beijing with his sister. When a coworker is fired for reading people's correspondences Xiao Dou takes over the same mail route. He soon finds himself indulging in the same curiosity, eventually developing an obsession. Xiao Dou chooses to spend time reading letters instead of socializing with friends or coworkers. As he becomes increasingly tied to the letters, he begins to intervene in the lives of those who write and receive the letters.
As Xiao Dou's amorality and detachment become more severe, his obsessions expand, as he engages in an incestuous relationship to his own sister. By the end of the film, Xiao Dou no longer considers the feelings of anyone else.
Reception.
Reception of "Postman" in the west was marked by shock and praise. Standing in contrast to many of the more polished filmmaking coming from China during the mid-1990s, such as Chen Kaige's "Temptress Moon" (1996) or Zhang Yimou's "To Live" (1994) and "Raise the Red Lantern" (1991), "Postman" was a contemporary snapshot of modern China. Scholars and critics alike grouped the film as part of the up-and-coming Sixth Generation movement that began with Zhang Yuan, Wang Xiaoshuai, and others. Today, "Postman" is considered one of the more important works to come out of the early years of the movement. China cinema scholar Shelly Kraicer referred to the film as "one of the most disturbing and important recent films out of China" in her review. Critics found the film "transgressive" in its satire and its unblinking depiction of homosexuality, prostitution, drug-use and adultery.
Further illustrating the film's reputation was its inclusion in the Harvard Film Archive's retrospective on the sixth generation in 2001, "The Urban Generation: Chinese Cinema and Society in Transformation."

</doc>
<doc id="19875041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875041" title="Mattarnovy">
Mattarnovy

Mattarnovy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875058" title="Hatakambari">
Hatakambari

Hatakambari (pronounced Hātakāmbari) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 18th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Jayashuddhamālavi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 3rd "chakra Agni". The mnemonic name is "Agni-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu ma pa dhu nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Vishwambari", which is the 54th "melakarta".
Asampurna Melakarta.
Jayashuddhamālavi is the 18th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the scales are different. It is an "shadava-sampurna" raga (6 notes in ascending scale, while full 7 are used in descending scale in zig-zag manner, "vakra prayoga").
"Janya" rāgams.
"Hatakambari" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams to view all rāgams associated with "Hatakambari".
Compositions.
A couple of compositions set to "Hatakambari" are:
Another is "Rakshasumam" unknown.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Hatakambari's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields one other minor "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Gavambhodi". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Hatakambari".

</doc>
<doc id="19875059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875059" title="Luanda (disambiguation)">
Luanda (disambiguation)

Luanda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875066" title="Count Oluf of Rosenborg">
Count Oluf of Rosenborg

Oluf, Count of Rosenborg (Oluf Christian Carl Axel; March 10, 1923 – December 19, 1990), a former Danish and Icelandic prince, was the younger child and son of HRH Prince Harald of Denmark, by his wife Princess Helena Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Oluf is a Danish form of Olaf.
Oluf renounced his rights to the throne in 1948 and took the title Count of Rosenborg when he married firstly in Copenhagen on February 4, 1948 Annie Helene "Dorrit" Puggard-Müller (Copenhagen, September 8, 1926 - May 14, 2013), with whom he had issue and divorced in 1977. He married secondly in 1982 and divorced in 1983 Lis Wolf-Jürgensen (b. Frederiksberg, June 30, 1935), without issue.
The couple had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19875069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875069" title="David Myers">
David Myers

David Myers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875074" title="Donegan (surname)">
Donegan (surname)

Donegan is an anglicized surname originating from several different Irish families.
Numerous spelling variations of the surname Donegan exist. Different spellings include Donegan, Donnegan, Doneghan, Donneghan, Donagan, Donnagan, Donnaghan, Dunegan, Dunnegan, O'Donegan, O'Dunnegan, O'Donnaghan, Dongan, Donegin, Donnegin, Donnagen, Donagen, Donnegen, Donegen, Donnigan, Donigan, Dunnican, Dunican, Dunigan, Dunnigan, McDunnigan, McDonegan, Dongane, Dongan, Dongen, Dungan, and many more. 
Ó Donnagáin (dim. of donn, brown)
According to Patrick Woulfe's "Irish Names and Surnames"
"The name of several distinct families in Ireland. They were chiefs of the extensive district of Ara, now the barony of Ara (or Duhara) in the north-west of Co. Tipperary, and of Ui Cuanach, now the barony of Coonagh in Co. Limerick. They are frequently mentioned in the Annals during the 11th and 12th century, but after the Anglo-Norman invasion they began to decline and soon disappeared from history. Their territory in later times was occupied by a branch of the O'Briens, the chief of which was styled "Mac I Brien Ara". The O'Donegans of Cork were anciently chiefs of the Three Plains, now the barony of Orrery in the neighborhood of Rathluirc. Their patrimony was granted by King John of England to William de Barry, under the name of Muskerry-Donegan. There were in ancient times, three distinct families of O'Donegans in Ulster, and the name is still extant in that province. The O'Donegans were numerous at the end of the 16th century in the midlands and in North Connacht; and through by no means common, the name is at the present found in all provinces."
Variations of the spelling, including Duigenan, Duignan, Dignan, Dignam, and Degnan, may derive from another Irish family, the Clan Ó Duibhgeannáin of Co. Roscommon and Co. Leitrim.

</doc>
<doc id="19875089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875089" title="Júlio Lópes">
Júlio Lópes

Júlio Cézar Rebollal Rodriguez López (born June 6, 1967 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former international freestyle and medley swimmer from Brazil. He participated for his native South American country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Participated at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships in Madrid, where he finished 23rd in the 400m medley, and 28th in the 200m medley.
He was at the 1987 Pan American Games, in Indianapolis. He won the bronze medal in the 4x100m and in the 4x200m free. He also finished 4th in the 200m free, and 8th in the 200m medley. 
At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he finished 10th in the 4x200m free, 12th in the 4x100m free, 26th in the 200m medley, and 30th in the 200m free.
Rebollal obtained his best result at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, where he won the gold medal in the 4x100m freestyle. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19875098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875098" title="Frank Marshall (pianist)">
Frank Marshall (pianist)

Frank Marshall King (see Spanish naming customs) (November 28, 1883May 29, 1959), was a Spanish, Catalan pianist and pedagogue born to parents of English heritage.
Marshall was born at Mataró, Catalonia, Spain. He attended the Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu and then began studying with Enrique Granados. Marshall and Granados became close musical associates, and Marshall became Granados's teaching assistant at the latter's academy.
When Granados died in 1916, Marshall became its director; he remained director until his death in 1959, and the institute's name was eventually changed to "Académia Frank Marshall". Among his pupils at the school was the composer Vicente Asencio. He published two pedagogic works, "Estudio práctico sobre los pedales del piano" (Madrid, 1919) and "La sonoridad del piano", which attempted to notate piano pedaling more precisely.
Marshall's influence as a pianist and teacher impacted Catalan piano playing heavily; his approaches to pedaling and voicing helped refine the distinctive style of piano playing from the region. His most famous student was Alicia de Larrocha. No. 3 of Federico Mompou's "Cançons i Danses" was dedicated to him.
Marshall died in Barcelona in 1959, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19875110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875110" title="Prince Gorm of Denmark">
Prince Gorm of Denmark

Prince Gorm of Denmark and Iceland (; b. Jægersborghus, 24 February 1919 – Copenhagen, 26 December 1991) was the first son of Prince Harald of Denmark and his wife Princess Helena Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
He was an Officer of the Royal Danish Navy.
He died unmarried and without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19875117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875117" title="Oxygen Design Agency">
Oxygen Design Agency

Oxygen Design Agency is a full-service, integrated marketing company with its head office located in Toronto, Canada. The firm has approximately 16 employees.
Company profile.
Founded in 1996 by Alexandra Wigington and Marawan El-Asfahani, the agency has grown to provide design and marketing services to accounts throughout North America. Within 30 days of opening, Oxygen landed accounts with Westin Hotels and Resorts, TD Bank and Nike Canada. The following year the agency added several clients in high tech and retail such as AVID Technology, Sprint, Syndesis and Microsoft. Alexandra is an advisor to the Graphic Design department of George Brown College, which was ranked one of the top 20 design schools in the world by Business Week Magazine. In the October 2007 issue of Strategy Magazine, Oxygen was referred to as a 'hot' design agency.
In 2000, Oxygen was selected as a preferred marketing supplier to Oracle Canada, specializing in B2B direct mail and event marketing. Oxygen is the agency of record to St. Andrews College, an independent boys school located in Aurora, Canada. In addition, Oxygen has been an authorized marketing supplier to the Liquor Control Board of Ontario since 2003 and has produced a number of award-winning retail campaigns for this organization. Notably, "Whisky Generation" had won Silver at the 2007 Canadian Marketing Association Awards. In that same year, Oxygen was hired by Adidas USA to create a global retail campaign for the company's "Equipment" clothing line. This campaign was photographed in Las Vegas and featured retired Tennis champion, Andre Agassi.
In early 2007, Marawan El-Asfahani took a 10-month secondment from Oxygen to launch an IPTV Protocol Television business called BroadShift Inc SHIFTV Inc. As Vice President of Marketing and Channel Acquisitions, Marawan built a 14-vertical marketing strategy and brand platform. He also acquired the internet rights to over 45 International television channels which included Al Jazeera, Rotana, MBC and RTP. He launched Sky Angel Christian programming in Canada within 45 days of acquiring the internet rights to their over 30 television and radio channels. 
In early 2013, Oxygen Design Agency, AmoebaCorp and Apparatus Inc. joined forces to create Jacknife Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19875138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875138" title="Beach woodball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach woodball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Woodball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held from 18 October to 22 October, 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Results.
Men's singles.
October 18–22
Men's team.
October 18–21
Women's singles.
October 18–22
Women's team.
October 18–21

</doc>
<doc id="19875142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875142" title="Transa (album)">
Transa (album)

Transa is a 1972 album by Brazilian musician Caetano Veloso. Like its predecessor, it was recorded while the artist was exiled in London, though he returned to Brazil shortly after completing it.
Reception.
Caetano calls it "one of my favorite records", feeling that it reaches a level of musicianship he was unable to achieve on previous albums. It also proved popular with the Brazilian public, due partly to its inclusion of a new version of the old samba "Mora na filosofia", originally by Monsueto Menezes. It was listed by "Rolling Stone" Brazil as one of the 10 best Brazilian albums in history. Its success would set up the failure of the much more unconventional followup, "Araçá azul".

</doc>
<doc id="19875167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875167" title="Jhankaradhvani">
Jhankaradhvani

Jhankaradhvani or Jhankaradhwani (pronounced jhankāradhvani) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 19th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called '"Jhankārabhramari" in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 4th "chakra Veda". The mnemonic name is "Veda-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi ma pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Shamalangi", which is the 55th "melakarta".
Asampurna Melakarta.
Jhankārabhramari is the 19th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same, but the zig-zag usage of notes in both ascending and descending scle ("vakra prayoga") is the difference.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Jhankaradhvani" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Jhankaradhvani".
Compositions.
A couple of compositions set to this musical scale are:
"Himachala kumarim bhaja" by Muthuswami Dikshitar is set to "Jhankārabhramari" rāgam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Jhankaradhvani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other minor "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Ratnangi" and "Gamanashrama". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Ratnangi".

</doc>
<doc id="19875186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875186" title="Qingdao DoubleStar">
Qingdao DoubleStar

The Qingdao DoubleStar Eagles (青岛双星雄鹰) are a professional basketball team in the North Division of the Chinese Basketball Association, based in Qingdao, Shandong.

</doc>
<doc id="19875190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875190" title="Chilapata Forests">
Chilapata Forests

The Chilapata Forest is a dense forest near Jaldapara Wildlife Sanctuary in Dooars, Jalpaiguri District. It is about 20 km from Alipurduar, and just a few minutes away from Hasimara town. Until recently, the area was known for dacoity (banditry), but it is now safe for tourists.
Ecology.
The forest forms an elephant corridor between Jaldapara and the Buxa Tiger Reserve, and is rich in wildlife. New species continue to be found. The forest used to be home to large Rhinoceros populations. In hunting expeditions in 1892-1904, in and around Chilapata Forest, the Maharajah of Cooch Behar recorded killing one rhino, injury of one, and sighting of over 14. Rhinos now extremely rare. Leopards are still common.
It is hoped that eco-tourism will provide a new source of income for the indigenous Rabha people, who now depend on the forest mainly for firewood.
Tourism.
The West Bengal Forest Development Corporation (WBFDC) runs an eco-tourism resort at Kodalbasti, providing basic accommodation.
One of the main attractions is the ruined "Nalraja Garh", or fort of the Nal kings, built in the Gupta period in the fifth century C.E., the Golden Age of India. Although poorly maintained, the site has considerable archaeological interest. Other activities include Tonga rides through Mathura tea garden, boating on the Bania river and angling on the confluence of the Kalchini, Bania and Buri Basra.

</doc>
<doc id="19875196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875196" title="Crowley (surname)">
Crowley (surname)

The name Crowley may derive from the Irish or the English. The Irish Crowleys are more numerous and are known in Irish as "O Cruadhlaoich" or "Ua Cruadhlaoich", a Gaelic name meaning "descendant of the hard hero" or "descendant of the hardy warrior", and which was anglicised to "Crowley" or "O'Crowley". The English "Crowley" means "wood of crows".
Variants include Crawley (disambiguation) and Croley.

</doc>
<doc id="19875208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875208" title="French ship Marengo">
French ship Marengo

Six ships of the French Navy have born the name "Marengo" in honour of the Battle of Marengo:

</doc>
<doc id="19875229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875229" title="Wladimir Ribeiro">
Wladimir Ribeiro

Vladimir Ribeiro (born June 17, 1967) is a former international butterfly and backstroke swimmer from Brazil, who participated for his native South American country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There his best finish was the 32nd place in the men's 100-metre butterfly event.

</doc>
<doc id="19875248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875248" title="Mendelssohn &amp; Co.">
Mendelssohn &amp; Co.

Mendelssohn & Co. was a private bank residing in Berlin, Germany. During the 19th and early 20th centuries, it was one of the preeminent banking houses in Europe.
It was established in 1795 by Joseph Mendelssohn in Berlin. In 1804 his younger brother Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy joined the company. In 1815 they moved into their new headquarters at Jägerstraße 51, thereby laying the foundations of Berlin's financial district. Mendelssohn & Co. remained in that building until its divestiture in 1939. 
Mendelssohn quickly rose to prominence among European banks. Since the 1850s they acted as Royal bankers of the Russian Tsar, dominating the Central European financial market for Russian sovereign bonds until World War I. The Mendelssohn family through the descendants of the founding brothers continued to run the company.
Mendelssohn & Co. survived the financial meltdown of the 1930s comparatively well. Following the death of Franz von Mendelssohn and Paul von Mendelssohn-Bartholdy in 1935, Rudolf Löb was appointed as chairman of the bank, the first non-family member to be chairman. In 1938, under intense pressure of the Nazis' Aryanization policy, Mendelssohn & Co. were forced to sell all of their assets to Deutsche Bank, and eventually to shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="19875257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875257" title="Language (disambiguation)">
Language (disambiguation)

Language is the human capacity for acquiring and using complex systems of communication, and a language is any specific example of such a system.
Language may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875271" title="Donegan">
Donegan

Donegan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875284" title="Todd Nature Reserve">
Todd Nature Reserve

Todd Nature Reserve (formerly called Todd Sanctuary) is a nature reserve owned and operated by the Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania. It is located in Buffalo Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania; approximately thirty miles northeast of Pittsburgh, and five miles (8 km) north of Freeport. The original portion of the reserve was donated by noted ornithologist W.E. Clyde Todd, who made his first significant birding discoveries on the land while visiting his grandfather at the end of the nineteenth century. Todd went on to become the Curator of Birds at the Carnegie Museum, where he remained for most of his adult life.
The nature reserve began in 1942 with Todd's donation and has since been expanded. The most recent expansion included purchase of which is planned to contain a trail named after the previous landowners. Todd Nature Reserve is the oldest in Western Pennsylvania, and one of the oldest reserves in the state.
Over 180 species of birds have been found on the site, which provides important habitat for the Pileated Woodpecker, Scarlet Tanager, and Kentucky Warbler. It has been featured in "American Birds" magazine (now "North American Birds") as the location of several breeding bird censuses in the 1970s, and was the subject of peer-reviewed research on the effect of trails on bird breeding habits in 2000–01.
Today, there are of trails, three streams (Watson's, Nixon's, and Hesselgesser Runs), and a man-made pond. The Loop Trail runs around the circumference of the reserve with shorter trails bisecting it. The Ravine Trail is the most difficult trail on the reserve, and includes several small stream crossings.
The nature reserve is open year-round, dawn to dusk, except during the Pennsylvania Deer Hunting Season. The nature reserve has been left in a fairly natural state; while trails are not steep or particularly rocky, they are not suitable for those with strollers or special needs. No dogs are permitted.

</doc>
<doc id="19875301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875301" title="Shipper's House in Bremen">
Shipper's House in Bremen

The Shipper's House in Bremen, Germany is an internationally known monument, orinally owned by a person in shipping. A colonial goods store in the ground floor around 1920. The house was registered as an historical monument in 1973 and is in Schnoor, the oldest district of the Free Hanseatic city of Bremen. During the last 25 years of the 20th century the house was a private museum. It was an attraction for many, visitors including the former German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher.
Building history.
This house was built in 1630 on the southern bank of the Klosterbalge, a medieval tributary of the river Weser. The house was extended in 1750.
The original truss is largely preserved. It is likely that some beams are about 400 years old. In contrast to some other buildings in the Schnoor, the interstices of the truss are filled with stones. The type of construction can be traced back to the economic position of homeowners: Half-timbered houses with clay and straw roof formed the majority for the homes over centuries. Only rich people who could afford used stones and roof shingles.
History of uses.
During the 19th century the house was an inn with a restaurant on the ground floor with accommodations on the upper floors.
From 1919 until the middle of the 20th century there was a business for boat supplies, groceries and food products. After his retirement the owner Theodor Dahle turned the ground floor into a private museum. The museum was expanded around 1975 to the upper floors.
On December 2006 the association WeserStrom decided to open office and place of business in this house in order to establish a cooperative to finance a new water power plant in Bremen. The building of this plant was finished in 2011 - but without capital from the cooperative.
From September 2007 to January 2009 a shop in the lower two floors offered art and antiques from Bremen and Worpswede space. In order to continue business as an Antiquarian bookseller and antique store during the renovation work, an Internet shop on eBay was created which recorded over a period of five years around 100 000 visitors.
At the end of August 2011 a group of artists who previously showed their pictures in the gallery "Artemis", Schnoor 15, opened a shop in the ground floor. In July 2012 the gallery changed its name to "Künstlerhaus im Schnoor" (House of Artists in the Schnoor). This gallery closed at the end of December 2012.
In January 2013 the house was sold at public auction for about 200,000 Euro.
Residents and owners of the house.
In 1878 the innkeeper Heinrich Lohmann bought the house at a price of 7,950 marks.
From 1906 to 1919 the house was owned by a community legacy, which consisted of the following three people there:
From 1919 until 1968 Theodor Dahle was the owner and lived with his wife Johanne Dahle in the upper rooms. In December 2005 the environmental scientist Frank M. Rauch bought the house and developed a virtual museum.
Private museum.
The owner Theodor Dahle turned the ground floor into a reproduction of a historic restaurant. This device was shown around 1975 as a private museum and stayed until the end of 2005 largely preserved. The upper rooms were shown as they were unchanged since the death of Dahle's wife. In connection with an internet shop the new owner developed a virtual museum to show the history of the house. Public visitation take place here on European Heritage Days and other events.

</doc>
<doc id="19875311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875311" title="Varunapriya">
Varunapriya

Varunapriya (pronounced ) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 24th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Viravasantam; in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 4th "chakra Veda". The mnemonic name is "Veda-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi ma pa dhu nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes "chathusruthi rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham" are used in this scale. As it is a "melakarta", by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Neetimati", which is the 60th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Varunapriya" does not have "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for a full list of "janya" scales.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Varunapriya" are:
"Veeravasanta Thyagaraja" by Muthuswami Dikshitar is set to Viravasantam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Varunapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields a minor "melakarta" rāgam, namely, "Ragavardhini". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Ragavardhini".

</doc>
<doc id="19875329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875329" title="Pitkeathly Wells">
Pitkeathly Wells

Pitkeathly Wells (spelling variants: "Pitcaithly", "Pitceathly", "Pitkethley", etc.) is a hamlet in the Perth and Kinross area of Scotland. It is north of the Ochil Hills, 2 miles south-west of Bridge of Earn. Wells in the area produced the Pitkeathly mineral waters, which were drunk and used as baths from 1785 to 1949. A Dr. Horsley once recommended their use in curing hiccups, cancer, cholera, and epilepsy. The mineral spa flourished all through the Victorian era, with baths, tea rooms, and lawns for tennis, bowls and croquet. During this time, nearby Bridge of Earn served as a spa town for the wells. The water, sold in jars, could be purchased as far away as London. 
Schweppes took over the springs in 1910 and bottled the water in a plant employing thirty people. In 1927, a disastrous fire ended the bottling operation. The mineral spa was closed in 1949.
A kind of bannock is named for the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19875340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875340" title="Alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics consisted of 53 events, 34 for men and 19 for women which all took place at the Snowbasin Ski Area.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19875374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875374" title="Larissa Loyva">
Larissa Loyva

Larissa Loyva is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and keyboardist. Based in Vancouver, she has released material and performed as a solo artist under the stage name Kellarissa, as well as with the bands P:ano and The Choir Practice.
She released "Flamingo", her debut album as Kellarissa, in 2008 on Mint Records. On "Flamingo", she performs songs in both English and Finnish. She announced in August 2010 that she was at work on her second album, tentatively titled "Moon of Neptune". It was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19875384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875384" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 57">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 57

The 57th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Westmoreland County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19875435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875435" title="John B. Sanborn">
John B. Sanborn

John Benjamin Sanborn (December 5, 1826 – May 6, 1904) was a lawyer, politician, and soldier from the state of New Hampshire who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was also a key member of the postbellum Congressional-appointed Indian Peace Commission, which negotiated and signed several important treaties with native American tribes.
Early life and career.
John B. Sanborn was born on a farm in Epsom, New Hampshire, on December 5, 1826. He was the youngest of five children of Deacon F. and Lucy L. (Sargent) Sanborn. He was educated at the Thetford Academy and the Pembroke Academy. He briefly attended Dartmouth College in 1851-52, but left after only one quarter to join the law office of Asa Fowler in Concord. He passed his bar exam in 1854 and subsequently moved to St. Paul, Minnesota, in December of that year. In partnership with two other men, he established a law firm in January 1855.
In March 1857, Sanborn married Catherine Hall. 1859, Sanborn was elected as a Republican to the Minnesota House of Representatives for a term, and then was elected to the Minnesota State Senate in 1861. His wife died in 1860.
Civil War.
In April 1861 Sanborn was appointed as the state's Adjutant General. His duties included overseeing the organization and equipping of three regiments of volunteer infantry for the fledgling Union army. He became the colonel of the 4th Minnesota Infantry in December 1861. The regiment had been mustered into Federal service by companies at Fort Snelling between October 4 and December 23. Sanborn and his men moved to Benton Barracks in St. Louis, Missouri, on April 23, 1862. Sanborn led the 1st Brigade, 7th Division of the Army of the Mississippi in the Battle of Iuka and then in Maj. Gen. Henry Wager Halleck's Siege of Corinth, Mississippi, from May 18 to May 30 of that year.
Sanborn's brigade fought in Ulysses S. Grant's Central Mississippi Campaign from November 1862 to January 1863. That was followed by Grant's Vicksburg Campaign, with the Battle of Port Gibson on May 1, the Battle of Raymond eleven days later, and the Battle of Jackson on May 14. Sanborn also participated in the subsequent Battle of Champion's Hill, the Battle of Big Black River, and the Siege of Vicksburg from May 18 to July 4. During part of the time, he commanded a division. Sanborn's men performed garrison duty at Vicksburg following the surrender.
On August 4, 1863, Sanborn received a promotion to brigadier general. In October of that year the U.S. War Department named him as the commander of the District of Southwestern Missouri. He played a key role in helping defeat the forces of Confederate Maj. Gen. Sterling Price during his Missouri Raid.
In February 1865 Sanborn was promoted to brevet major general.
Postbellum career.
Following the collapse of the Confederacy in the spring of 1865, Sanborn was ordered in June to report to Maj. Gen. John Pope in the Western frontier to help subdue hostile Indians. In September he, William Bent, and famed explorer Kit Carson were appointed as commissioners to negotiate a peace treaty with several tribes. Sanborn remarried on November 1865 to Anna Elmer Nixon. From February 1867 until 1869, Sanborn was a member of the Indian Peace Commission, an appointment confirmed by the U.S. Congress. Among his accomplishments was the negotiation of the Medicine Lodge Treaty.
Sanborn commanded the District of the Upper Arkansas. He mustered out of the army in 1869 and returned to Minnesota. He resumed his partnership in the law firm of Sanborn, French and Lund. In 1872, he was elected to another term as a state representative and remained heavily involved in state politics and in various veterans organizations on both a state and national level. He was again a state senator from 1891 until 1893. He married a third time, to Rachel Rice.
In May 1903, Sanborn was elected as the president of the Minnesota Historical Society. He died in St. Paul a year later.
His son, John B. Sanborn, Jr., also served in the Minnesota legislature and as a federal judge on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="19875446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875446" title="Ulster Senior League">
Ulster Senior League

This is a disambiguation page. The Ulster Senior League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875493" title="Virginia Hunter">
Virginia Hunter

Virginia Hunter (b. February 17, 1920 - March 23, 2012) was an American model and actress of film and television. She appeared in over 20 films during the 1940s.
Career.
Hunter grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma before her family moved to Los Angeles in 1940. She immediately secured a contract with MGM, but let her contract expire in 1945 to sign with Columbia Pictures. She quickly became known to matinee audiences at the time for co-starring in four of the Durango Kid films. She also has a supporting role in "The Mating of Millie" starring Glenn Ford and Evelyn Keyes.
To modern viewers, Hunter is known for her roles in several Three Stooges films from the Shemp Howard era, specifically "Sing a Song of Six Pants", "I'm a Monkey's Uncle" (and its remake "Stone Age Romeos") and "Fiddlers Three" (and its remake "Musty Musketeers").
Later years.
After her time with Columbia, Hunter worked as a model and a store manager. After retirement, she lived with her older brother in Las Vegas. She died on 23 March 2012 aged 92.

</doc>
<doc id="19875494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875494" title="Sir William Lawrence, 3rd Baronet">
Sir William Lawrence, 3rd Baronet

Sir William Matthew Trevor Lawrence, 3rd Baronet JP FSA (17 September 1870 – 4 January 1934) was an English horticulturalist, hospital administrator and collector.
Early life.
Lawrence was born on 17 September 1870, the son of Sir Trevor Lawrence and Elizabeth Matthew. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and at New College, Oxford. On 24 February 1908 he married Iris Eyre, daughter of Brigadier-general Eyre Macdonell Stewart Crabbe, CB, and by her had two sons and three daughters. His eldest daughter, Barbara, married Alfred Gordon Clark, a county court judge and crime writer as Cyril Hare, and his second daughter, Anne, was the mother of Rose Gray, of The River Cafe. On 22 December 1913 he succeeded to his father’s baronetcy (see Lawrence Baronets).
Career.
Lawrence had read chemistry at Oxford, and though he only achieved a 3rd class degree he went on to Heidelberg and then Berlin to do a doctorate. He then spent five years at Owens College, Manchester, as a demonstrator and then assistant lecturer in chemistry. But in 1902 he took up one of the new posts of junior inspector with the Board of Education and became a senior examiner in 1912.
However succeeding in 1913 to his father's title and estate at Burford, Dorking, freed him to live a public life, especially in the fields of horticulture, medical administration, and the collection of objects of fine art.
During the First World War he served for a time as secretary of the Prisoners of War information bureau. Later he was attached to the Admiralty war staff, and then to the Intelligence branch of the War Office.
Both Lawrence’s father and grandfather had been important figures in the medical world; his grandfather (Sir William Lawrence) was a pioneering surgeon based chiefly at St. Bartholomew's Hospital and Serjeant-Surgeon to Queen Victoria, and his father (Sir Trevor Lawrence M.P.) chaired the Central Hospital Council and was treasurer of St Bartholomew’s Hospital. Lawrence himself was Almoner of the same hospital, and actually died there suddenly while on hospital business.
Lawrence was also a Justice of the Peace for Surrey.
Horticulture.
Lawrence's chief interest, however, was horticulture, an interest he had inherited from his father and grandmother, both horticulturalists of note. He was, among other roles, President of the Alpine Garden Society, an officer of the Ordre du Merite Agricole, a winner of the Victoria Medal of Honour and Vice-President of the Iris Society. Lady Lawrence was also a keen gardener, also winning the Victoria Medal of Honour in her own right.
He was Treasurer of the Royal Horticultural Society at the time of the building of its new hall in Westminster; in 2000 this was renamed the Lawrence Hall after him ("not forgetting Sir Trevor Lawrence", according to the Society's History).

</doc>
<doc id="19875509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875509" title="Heavy Metal Kids">
Heavy Metal Kids

The Heavy Metal Kids are a British hard rock band, formed in 1972 in London. The band's founding frontman Gary Holton and early member Dave Dee are both deceased.
Early years.
The Heavy Metal Kids were formed by the merger of two previous bands: Heaven and Biggles. They took their name from a gang of street kids, featured in the novel "Nova Express" by William S. Burroughs.
The initial, pre-recording line-up consisted of Mickey Waller (guitar), Ronnie Thomas (bass and vocals), Gary Holton (lead vocals), Keith Boyce (drums) and Cosmo (guitar). They were the first signing by Atlantic Records' new London offices, having been spotted by their A&R man, Dave Dee. In January 1974, they recorded their first, self-titled album, produced by Dave Dee and engineered by Phil Chapman.
Waller left the band shortly before they went in to Island Studios, to record the follow-up album "Anvil Chorus", in January 1975, which was produced by Andy Johns. At this point keyboard player Danny Peyronel left to join UFO and was replaced by John Sinclair. Shortly after, Cosmo was replaced by Barry Paul, and the band moved to Mickie Most's RAK Records where they recorded "Kitsch", which was produced by Most.
John Sinclair left to join Uriah Heep and was replaced by Jay Williams.
Keith Boyce left and was replaced by Ricky Squires, previously of the dEAd ENd KIdS on CBS records.
Present day.
After Holton's death in 1985, the band went into a long hiatus until, in 2002, they recorded a new album, "Hit The Right Button", released in 2003 and featuring Peyronel, now on lead vocals and keyboards, Ronnie Thomas, Keith Boyce, Marco Barusso (guitars and vocals) and Marco Guarnerio (guitars and vocals). The album was produced by Barusso.
"Hit The Right Button" enjoyed critical success. The 'twentieth century' Heavy Metal Kids embarked on a series of tours of the UK and Europe. In early 2008, a 'special edition' of the album was released by Angel Air Records. Under the name "Hit The Right Button Plus", the CD featured four of their songs performed live in London and Milan between 2003 and 2005 as bonus tracks, as well as fully re-designed artwork.
In October 2008, and now featuring Matteo Salvadori replacing Guarnerio, the Heavy Metal Kids went into Massive Arts Studio in Milan, where initial recordings were made. Barusso worked for nearly two years with Salvadori and Peyronel trying to finish the album, but it was never completed.
On 8 August 2010, Peyronel left the band and shortly after this, the actor John Altman was unveiled as the new lead singer. Altman was a friend of the original frontman, Holton, and he appeared with him in "Quadrophenia".
In October 2010, the Heavy Metal Kids embarked on a tour with the new line-up featuring John Altman (vocals), Ronnie Thomas (bass/vocals), Cosmo (guitar), Keith Boyce (drums) and Justin McConville (guitar/vocals/keyboards). They have been working on their album to be titled 'Uncontrollable!'. A single of the same title has been released.
In early 2011 John Altman announced he was leaving the band to focus on his other commitments. L.A. Guns frontman Phil Lewis joined the band for a couple of gigs and will return to the band for some performances later this year. The band is currently operating as a four-piece with Justin McConville taking on lead vocal duties.
In October 2011 Ronnie Thomas appeared in the Identity Parade round of Never Mind the Buzzcocks, preceded by "VT" of the Top of the Pops recording of "Shes no Angel". In 2012 Thomas left the band. He was replaced by Ronnie Garrity.

</doc>
<doc id="19875567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875567" title="Mother Is a Freshman">
Mother Is a Freshman

Mother Is a Freshman is a 1949 comedy motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Loretta Young and Van Johnson.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Costume Design by Kay Nelson.
Plot Summary.
Abby Abbot lives in New York City together with her teenage daughter. the support themselves with money from a trust fund started by her late husband. An attorney by the name John Heaslip handles the placement of the money, and he sees to it that payment is made every three years. He is also romantically interested in Abby, but she has rejected hs proposals to marry her consistently. Since Abby has already spent all her money from the current lump sum, John informs her that she will have to wait another year for the next payment.
The largest cost is seventeen year old Susan's tuition for Pointer College. Desperate to get the money, Abby, whose maiden name was Abigail Fortitude just like her grandma, applies for a scholarship from a fund set up by the grandmother, amounting to $3,000 annually. To get the scholarship Abby has to enroll at the college. This way she can also keep an eye on her daughter, who has a crush on English professor Richard Michaels. The professor is writing light crime novels using a pseudonym.
Abby is determined to not disclose that she is Susan's mother, but the dean, Gillingham, discovers that she and Susan have the same home address. She begins her studies and enrolls in professor Michaels class. Richard is quite taken with the beautiful and mature woman, and asks her if he can see her in the evening for "tutoring" in private.
Abby agrees, but fears that the professor has an ulterior motive. It turns out that he has also invited the dean and his wife to dinner, and the evening is a success. During the course of the evening, the dean calks Abby Mrs. Abbott accidentally, and Abby loudly mentions that one of her classmates have bought an awful crime novel called "The Gravedigger and the Chambermaid", much to Richard's surprise. Richard takes Abby back to the dorm and kisses her goodnight. He also asks if she is married and she explains that she is Susan's mother and a widow. Now they are both falling in love with each other.
While Susan thinks Abby is checking up on her boyfriend-to-be, Richard invites Abby to a dance at the college. Susan tells Abby that she expects Richard to taker her to the dance, and Abby is ridden by guilt. Still she can't seem to get out of attending the dance and Susan has a young boy her age named Beaumont escort her. Unfortunately, since she doesn't know about her mother's date, she asks John to escort Abby.
Both John and Richard turn up at Abby's house to escort her on the evening of the dance. It turns out they are acquainted since they both went to Yale. John telks Abby that he has got her some extra money and that she doesn't have to continue college. Susan also finds out about her mother and Richard and is upset at first, but then she has a change of heart, when Richard asks her to urge her mother to continue college. Susan begs her mother to stay at college and keep seeing Richard. The evening ends with Richard confessing he is the author of The Gravedigger and the Chambermaid, and Abby confesses that she in fact has read it twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19875575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875575" title="Jubilee Odyssey">
Jubilee Odyssey

Jubilee Odyssey (latterly The Odyssey) is a roller coaster at Fantasy Island in Ingoldmells, England. Built by Vekoma of the Netherlands in 2002, it was named to commemorate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II. It is Vekoma's tallest example of their Suspended Looping Coaster (SLC) design in the world. Standing at 167 feet (51 metres), it is the third tallest roller coaster in the UK, after the Pepsi Max Big One (213 feet) and Stealth (205 feet). It has a maximum speed of 63 mph and is capable of forces up to 4.8g.The ride was renamed Odyssey in 2011-2013.
History.
Initial plans.
Original plans for the ride showed a SLC ride 265 feet (81 metres) in height, which would have made it the tallest Inverted Coaster in the world and seventh tallest overall. The plans were scrapped due to complaints from local residents, limiting the height to a maximum of 180' (54.60m).
Opening.
It was opened and ridden on by Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. It was initially sponsored by the chocolate bar Kit Kat, but this association has now ceased.
Modifications.
During the 2003 season the restraint design was modified, due to complaints from several riders of "nipple burn", the restraints were changed at a cost of about £60,000.
In September 2005 the trains were returned to Vekoma factories after a major breakdown in the form of a restraint connector snapping occurred. All the restraints were equipped with toughened steel and, presumably in an attempt to increase the smoothness the wheels were also tightened, this was thought to be the reason for a rollback on the first test run (due to the increased friction), however it is said to be a one-off occurrence. 
Operation.
Jubilee Odyssey currently operates with only one train, which seats 20 riders in a 2 across in 10 rows formation. It currently costs £3.50 per ride or can be accessed with the Fantasy Island wristband system.
It is frequently affected by high winds and will not operate with winds speeds in excess of 35 mph due to the high risk of the train stalling.
Its lift-hill motors and brakes are powered by a £4 million dung-powered generator, which converts manure into methane gas.
Rankings.
Its reported construction cost of £28,000,000 is the highest of any roller coaster ever built in the United Kingdom. Its nearest competitor is The Swarm at Thorpe Park, which was completed in 2012 at a cost of £20,000,000.
Jubilee Odyssey is the largest SLC (Suspended Looping Coaster) in the world. Its 38 metre vertical loop is the highest in the United Kingdom and the fourth highest in the world. With a maximum height of 51 metres, it is the third tallest UK roller coaster. Its 43 metre drop is also the third highest in the country. Its top speed of 63 mph, makes it the fourth fastest roller coaster in the UK.
It was ranked 209th in Mitch Hawker's Roller Coaster Poll in 2007 and 177th in 2008.
Stalling.
A year after the ride's opening, the Cobra Roll and Horse Shoe were lowered in an attempt to prevent the train stalling, as it had done numerous times in its opening year. Whilst lowering the track has had a beneficial impact, the most recent occurrence was during March 2009 where the train stalled on the cobra roll element whilst testing.
Inversions.
Jubilee Odyssey has five inversions:

</doc>
<doc id="19875582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875582" title="Population balance equation">
Population balance equation

Population balance equations (PBEs) have been introduced in several branches of modern science, mainly in branches with particulate entities. This includes topics like crystallization, liquid-liquid extraction, gas-liquid dispersions, liquid-liquid reactions, communition, aerosol engineering, biology (where the separate entities are cells), polymerization, etc. Population balance equations can be said to derived from the Boltzmann equation which describes a gas particle behavior. PBEs define how populations of separate entities develop in specific properties over time. They are a set of Integro-partial differential equations which gives the behavior of a population of particles from the analysis of behavior of single particle in local conditions.
Particulate systems are characterized by the birth and death of particles.For example, consider precipitation process(formation of solid from liquid solution) which has the subprocesses nucleation, agglomeration, breakage, etc., that result in the increase or decrease of the number of particles of a particular radius(assuming formation of spherical particles). Population balance is nothing but a "balance on the number of particles of a particular state"(in this example, "size").
Formulation of PBE.
Consider the average number of particles with particle properties denoted by a particle state vector (x,r) (where x corresponds to particle properties like size, density, etc. also known as internal coordinates and, r corresponds to spatial position or external coordinates) dispersed in a continuous phase defined by a phase vector Y(r,t)(which again is a function of all such vectors which denote the phase properties at various locations) is denoted by f(x,r,t). Hence it gives the particle characteristics in property and space domains. Let h(x,r,Y,t) denote the birth rate of particles per unit volume of particle state space, so the number conservation can be written as
formula_1
This is a generalized form of PBE.
Solution to PBE.
Monte Carlo methods, discretization methods and moment methods are mainly used to solve these equations. The choice depends on the application and computing infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="19875589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875589" title="Jorge Ariel Fernández">
Jorge Ariel Fernández

Jorge Ariel Fernández Gerez (born 9 March 1982 in Lomas de Zamora) is an Argentine footballer. He plays for Jumilla CF, in the Segunda División B in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19875601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875601" title="Jorge Fernández">
Jorge Fernández

Jorge Fernández may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875625" title="Einar Økland">
Einar Økland

Einar Økland (born 1940) is a Norwegian lyricist, playwright, essayist and children's writer. 
He made his literary debut in 1963, with the poetry collection "Ein gul dag". He was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature for the children's book "Sikk-sakk". He was awarded the "Melsom Prize" 1991 for "Når ikkje anna er sagt", and the Dobloug Prize in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19875667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875667" title="Quennell">
Quennell

Quennell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19875689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875689" title="The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996 film)">
The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996 film)

The Island of Dr. Moreau is a 1996 science fiction horror film, the third major film adaptation of H. G. Wells' novel "The Island of Doctor Moreau", about a scientist who attempts to convert animals into people. The film stars Marlon Brando, Val Kilmer, David Thewlis, Ron Perlman, and Fairuza Balk, and was directed by John Frankenheimer, who was brought in half a week after shooting started. The screenplay is credited to the original director Richard Stanley and Ron Hutchinson.
Plot.
In 2010, United Nations negotiator Edward Douglas (David Thewlis) survives a plane crash in the Java Sea and is eventually rescued by a passing boat. Aboard, a man called Montgomery (Val Kilmer) tends to him, and after telling him the boat has no radio, he promises Douglas the captain will take him to Timor after dropping him off. However, when they arrive at Montgomery's destination referred to as "Moreau's Island", he instead advises Douglas to stay with him, ostensibly so he can use the radio on the island.
Montgomery unloads a shipment of rabbits at a pen, and one runs away while he slaughters another for Douglas' meal. They then head on to the Main House where Douglas is warned not to wander. There, he meets a daughter of Dr. Moreau's called Aissa (Fairuza Balk), but Montgomery turns him away from her and leads him to his room. On the way, they discuss how Moreau vanished after becoming obsessed with his animal research. Montgomery locks Douglas in his room, but he manages to escape that night. He then comes across a laboratory where he witnesses the birth of a mutant baby, belonging to and delivered by human-animal hybrids. He is noticed, escapes, and runs into Aissa who leads him to the village of the mutants. On the way, they find the partially eaten corpse of a rabbit, not far from a hybrid called Lo-Mai. At the village, they find the Sayer of the Law (Ron Perlman) whose Law preaches "being human" in terms of restraint and discipline. Dr. Moreau (Marlon Brando), referred to as "The Father" by the mutants, appears. He controls the villagers by using a remote control that causes pain through an implant under the creatures' skin. Moreau forces the village to hand over Douglas only to peacefully take him to the House to discuss the situation.
Douglas, Montgomery and Moreau gather and he introduces his hybrid "children" and later dine. Then, he explains his creations: he introduced human DNA into animals in search of a higher being, incapable of harm. The existing Beast Folk are imperfect, but Moreau claims to be "closer than could possibly imagine" in his quest. Moreau's son Azazello (Temuera Morrison) comes in with the rabbit, to the disgust of Moreau who abhors killing. When he learns of the eaten rabbit, he promises that there will be a trial the next day. Douglas tries to escape by boat, but finds it overrun with rat-like creatures and gives up.
At the trial, Azazello unexpectedly shoots Lo-Mai (Mark Dacascos). His body is burned, and a mutant called Hyena-Swine (Daniel Rigney) comes, notices the pain implant among his remains, then removes his own. Montgomery reveals to Douglas that in addition to the pain, the animals are controlled through regular drugging to prevent them from "retrogressing". Hyena-Swine shows off the removed implant, and so Montgomery sets the other beasts after him. Meanwhile, Douglas tries to contact the outside world, but Montgomery sabotages the radio and Aissa reveals to Moreau that she is regressing as it shows her with cat-like eyes.
Hyena-Swine and his trackers (now on his side and also free of implants) break into the House and confront their Father. Angry over their hybrid nature and no longer under his control, they reject humanity and the Law where they kill Moreau. His children grieve except for Azazello who steals Montgomery's gun and goes to join the savages. Aissa informs Douglas that he can stop her regression with a serum from the lab. However, it turns out Montgomery has gone insane and destroyed it. Douglas also finds samples and a file with his name on them, and finds out that Moreau was planning to use his DNA to stop Aissa's regression permanently, completing his experiments. Meanwhile, Azazello leads the savages to the armory.
The savages have now taken over the island: Azazello shoots Montgomery at the village and Hyena-Swine's faction rampages around the island. Azazello hangs Aissa, but Douglas manages to survive by telling Hyena-Swine to impose his leadership and be "God Number One" among the others of his faction. During the battle, Douglas escapes and Hyena-Swine is killed in the burning building.
The Sayer of the Law and Assassimon see off Douglas as he leaves. The Sayer of the Law tells Douglas that the hybrids are wanting to return to their natural state of being. In closing narration, Douglas reflects on the savagery of humans and claims that he leaves the island "in fear".
Production.
Original director Richard Stanley spent four years developing the project before getting the green-light from New Line Cinema. The first sign of trouble appeared when Kilmer suddenly decided - for reasons of his own - that he wanted his role cut by 40%. Stanley knew that it was impossible to cut the role of UN diplomat Edward Prendick (later changed to Edward Douglas) by such a drastic amount, but he wanted to keep Kilmer on board, so he hit on the idea of switching him to the role of Dr. Montgomery, Moreau's assistant on the island. Kilmer agreed to this proposal, so the part of Prendick was given to Rob Morrow. The chosen location for the film were the rain forests outside Cairns in North Queensland, Australia. 
Three days into filming, New Line fired Stanley. The reasons for Stanley's dismissal were not made clear, but it is likely because of difficulties with Kilmer, who was known to be difficult on sets and was going through a divorce at the time. During the first days' shooting, Kilmer would not deliver the dialogue as scripted, and the footage was deemed unusable. The studio seems to have blamed the director for not getting Kilmer under control.
New Line brought in veteran director John Frankenheimer, who, like virtually every member of the cast and crew, came on board because he wanted the opportunity to work with Brando. Frankenheimer's vision was very different from Stanley's, and he and Brando decided to have the then-current script by Richard Stanley, Michael Herr and Walon Green rewritten by Frankenheimer's previous collaborator Ron Hutchinson. When Morrow also decided to leave the production, Frankenheimer needed to find a new lead actor and brought in David Thewlis to play Douglas. The whole production was shut down for a week and a half while these changes were implemented.
Once shooting resumed, however, the problems did not dissipate. New pages were turned in only a few days before they were shot. Frankenheimer and Kilmer had an argument on-set, which reportedly got so heated, Frankenheimer stated afterwards, "I don't like Val Kilmer, I don't like his work ethic, and I don't want to be associated with him ever again". Because of this, there were two famous phrases Frankenheimer was quoted as saying to the press in reference to Val Kilmer. The first was, "There are two things I will never ever do in my whole life. The first is that I will never climb Mt. Everest. The second is that I will never work with Val Kilmer ever again." The second, more tongue-in-cheek phrase was, "Will Rogers never met Val Kilmer." Frankenheimer also reportedly clashed with Brando and the studio, as they were concerned with the direction he was taking the film.
According to Thewlis, "we all had different ideas of where it should go. I even ended up improvising some of the main scenes with Marlon." Thewlis went on to rewrite his character personally. The constant rewrites also got to Brando's nerves and having no motivation to keep rehearsing new lines, he was equipped with a small radio receiver - a technique he'd used on earlier films. Thewlis recollects: "would be in the middle of a scene and suddenly he'd be picking up police messages and would repeat, 'There's a robbery at Woolworth's.'" Even Brando clashed with Kilmer, who didn't make any new friends with his continuously erratic behavior. According to "Film Threat" magazine, Brando pointed out to him: "You're confusing your talents with the size of your paycheck".
Kilmer has stated that the time filming on-set was "crazy." He was served with divorce papers from his then-wife Joanne Whalley, Brando was dealing with the suicide of his daughter Cheyenne, as well as the implications of a French nuclear test near the atoll he owned. Upon completion of Kilmer's final scene, Frankenheimer said to the crew "Now get that bastard off my set".
As a joke, Stanley reportedly told the production designer to burn the set down; security was tightened in case he was actually trying to sabotage the project. One rumor surfaced (promoted by Stanley) that he did however manage to sneak back on the set in full costume as one of the many human-animal hybrids. Another reports that he also showed up at the film's wrap party where he ran into Kilmer, who was said to have apologized profusely for Stanley's removal from the film.
Thewlis skipped the film's premiere by choice.
Director's cut.
Eventually, a director's cut was released on DVD, extending the 96-minute film to 100 minutes.
Reception.
The film was met with negative reviews; Rotten Tomatoes rated the film with a 23% "Rotten" based on thirty-one reviews. The film grossed only $49 million worldwide, only covering the $40 million budget.
"The Island of Dr. Moreau" later got six nominations for the Razzie Awards including Worst Picture and Worst Director, "winning" Worst Supporting Actor for Marlon Brando (Val Kilmer was also a nominee in this category). The film also got nominations for two Saturn Awards: Best Make-Up and Science Fiction Film.
See also.
The two earlier film versions of the story:

</doc>
<doc id="19875726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875726" title="Keiko">
Keiko

Keiko is a given name; see Keiko (given name). The name may refer to:
Fictional characters
Film
Others

</doc>
<doc id="19875741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875741" title="Post Office Building (Greenville, Texas)">
Post Office Building (Greenville, Texas)

The Post Office Building in Greenville, Texas, was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It was at this post office on June 20, 1942, that Audie Murphy enlisted in the United States Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19875781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875781" title="Whistler Transit System">
Whistler Transit System

Whistler Transit Ltd., "a division of Pacific Western Transportation", operates the public transit service in Whistler and the Pemberton Valley area of British Columbia, Canada. Buses operate every day between 5:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. and are equipped with racks for skis or bikes, depending on the season.
Funding for the Whistler Transit System is shared between the Resort Municipality of Whistler and BC Transit. Funding for the Pemberton Valley Transit System is shared between BC Transit and the Squamish–Lillooet Regional District through a partnership with the Village of Pemberton and Lil'wat First Nation Bus services in Whistler are operated by Whistler Transit Ltd. while services within Pemberton are operated by Pemberton Taxi.
Transit facility.
Whistler Transit Operations and Maintenance Facility was built to accommodate an expansion in the level of service, resulting in a growth of the transit fleet. The building was opened in late 2009, prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Omicron Architecture Engineering Construction acted both as design-builder and consultant for the facility, which includes maintenance and administration buildings, refuelling stations and covered parking for up to 50 buses.
The project won the Canadian Design-Build Institute's 2010 first place award in the industrial category.
Routes.
Whistler Transit operates several local routes in Whistler, commuter connections from Squamish and Pemberton and a local route in Pemberton
Whistler and Valley Express.
Transit in Whistler previously operated under a unique branding, whereas most other systems used a standard BC Transit style. With the coming of the Winter Olympics in 2010 and the upgrade of their fleet, a coordinated look was adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="19875797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875797" title="Munster Senior League">
Munster Senior League

This is a disambiguation page. The Munster Senior League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875827" title="Taco Dibbits">
Taco Dibbits

Taco Dibbits (born 1968) is an art historian (Amsterdam Free University / University of Cambridge) and first came to the Rijksmuseum as curator of 17th-century painting in 2002. Prior to that time, he was a director in the Old Master Paintings Department at Christie's, London. In recent years, as head of the department of Fine and Decorative Arts, he has led a team of curators of paintings, sculpture, applied art and Asiatic art at the Rijksmuseum. He was instrumental in many of the museum's acquisitions, including Jan Steen’s remarkable "Burgomaster of Delft" and Gerrit Berckheyde's "View of the Herengracht, Amsterdam", and was closely involved in the successful Rembrandt-Caravaggio exhibition of 2006. Since he began working at the Rijksmuseum, Dibbits has played an important role in developing the layout of the New Rijksmuseum. He is currently Director of Collections at the Rijksmuseum.
Taco Dibbits is also a contributing author to the books "Dutch Drawings of the Seventeenth Century in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam : Artists Born Between 1580 and 1600" (1997), "Rembrandt - Caravaggio" (2006), and "Dutch Paintings of the 17th Century in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam: Artists born between 1570 and 1600" (2008). He has also published on the drawings of Italian 16th-century artist Girolamo Muziano.

</doc>
<doc id="19875834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875834" title="Sir William Lawrence, 4th Baronet">
Sir William Lawrence, 4th Baronet

Sir William Lawrence, 4th Baronet FRHS (14 July 1913 – 3 November 1986) was an English baronet and businessman.
Lawrence was born on 14 July 1913, the son of Sir William Lawrence and his wife Iris, youngest daughter of Brigadier-General Eyre Crabbe. He was educated at Bradfield College. On 20 January 1940 he married Zoe Pether, daughter of Henry Stedham Stanley Pether. They divorced without issue five years later. On 10 July 1945 he married Pamela Mary, daughter of James Edgar Gordon and by her had a son and two daughters.
On 4 January 1924 he succeeded to his father’s baronetcy (see Lawrence Baronets).
Lawrence was a Major in the East Surrey Regiment during the Second World War and was Senior Executive of Wilmot Breeden Ltd, an automotive parts production company.

</doc>
<doc id="19875837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875837" title="Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Men's singles">
Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Men's singles

The men's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1928 Winter Olympics. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 and was also part of the first Winter Games in 1924. The competition was held from Tuesday February 14, 1928 to Friday February 17, 1928.
Seventeen figure skaters from ten nations competed.
Results.
Gillis Grafström successfully defended his 1920 and 1924 title again with Austrian Willy Böckl finishing in second place as four years earlier. Another Austrian Karl Schäfer finished fourth in this event. He went on to win gold medals in the next two consecutive Olympic Games.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19875849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875849" title="Anna van Rijn College">
Anna van Rijn College

Anna van Rijn College is a secondary school in the village of Nieuwegein. The school consists out of three different entities at three different locations (, and ) teaching all forms of Dutch secondary education. The current director is drs. A.G. Popma.

</doc>
<doc id="19875857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875857" title="Cookie (singer)">
Cookie (singer)

Janet Ramus, better known by her stage name Cookie, is a British soul singer. She performed the vocals on the number one dance anthem "Lola's Theme" by the Shapeshifters, that was released in July 2004, and their hit single "Back To Basics". She was also featured in "Turn It Around" by Jason Karl.
She is part of the London Community Gospel Choir, and lives in East Dulwich with her two children, Tre and Marlon.

</doc>
<doc id="19875860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875860" title="Ismail Abdul-Latif">
Ismail Abdul-Latif

Ismail Abdul-Latif (born September 11, 1986) is a Bahraini football striker and currently plays for Al Ahli SC. Abdul-Latif also plays for the Bahrain national football team, and appeared for the team in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup and 2011 AFC Asian Cup finals. He is famous for scoring a dramatic injury time goal in the match against Saudi Arabia on 9 September 2009 that sent Bahrain into the 2010 World Cup Qualification final play-off round against New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19875879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875879" title="Munster Senior Cup">
Munster Senior Cup

This is a disambiguation page. The Munster Senior Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875933" title="Etna-class cruiser">
Etna-class cruiser

"This article is about the uncompleted World War II cruisers. For the 1880s cruiser class, see Etna class protected cruiser."
The Etna class were two cruisers originally ordered in Italy for the Thai Navy in 1938 and subsequently requisitioned for service by the Italian Navy on the outbreak of World War II, neither ship was completed and the damaged hulls were scrapped after the war.
Design.
The Thai Government ordered two light cruisers from CRDA, Trieste in 1938. The ships were to displace 5500 tons and be armed with 6 six inch guns in three twin turrets. Work on the vessels continued after Italy entered the war at a slowed pace until the Italian Government took over the contract in late 1941. 
The Italians modified the design to have 135 mm guns as main armament and 65mm guns as anti-aircraft armament. The Aircraft equipment and torpedo tubes were also deleted and the superstructure modified. Extra cargo space comprising four holds of 600 cubic meters total volume, was also included to enable the ships to act as fast transports to North Africa. Collapsable crane derricks were fitted to access the cargo space. Extra accommodation was fitted in the former seaplane hangar and on the main deck.
Ships.
When Italy surrendered to the western Allies in September 1943 the hulls of the ships were 53% complete. Although both vessels were sabotaged before being captured by the Germans, the Nazis were able to continue some construction work before abandoning the project. The ships were scuttled in Trieste harbour in 1945. The hulls were re-floated and scrapped in the late 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19875944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875944" title="Battle of Krivasoo">
Battle of Krivasoo

Battle of Krivasoo (; November 18, 1919 - December 30, 1919) took place in the Kriivasoo swamp, Estonia during the Estonian War of Independence between Estonian Army and the Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19875949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875949" title="La Diva">
La Diva

La Diva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19875962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875962" title="Armoured car regiment">
Armoured car regiment

Armoured Car Regiments were reconnaissance units employed by the British Army during the 20th century. The primary equipment of these units was the armoured car with many different types of armoured cars serving in the regiments during the Second World War and the Cold War. An armoured car regiment typically numbered several hundred men and several tens of armoured cars. By the end of the 20th century, armoured cars as front-line reconnaissance vehicles had been supplanted by tracked vehicles in the British Army and the surviving regiments converted to other organisational forms.
Regimental organisation in the Second World War.
Armoured car regiments were a component of the Royal Armoured Corps. Similarly equipped units of the Reconnaissance Corps were organic parts of infantry divisions during the Second World War.
France 1940.
In the 1940 campaign in France and Flanders, the 12th Royal Lancers was the sole armoured car regiment fielded by the British Expeditionary Force. During the 1940 campaign, the 12th Lancers had an authorized strength of 38 armoured cars and about 380 men organised into a headquarters and three squadrons. This regiment served as the army-level reconnaissance asset of the B.E.F.
Commonwealth and other forces.
Besides the British Army, Canada, Poland, Southern Rhodesia, and the Union of South Africa also fielded armoured car regiments organised along British lines and employed against Axis troops in North Africa, Italy, and northwestern Europe. Australian forces fielded the 2/11 Armoured Car Regiment, but it was not employed in combat.
Postwar.
For decades after the Second World War, the British Army of the Rhine and forces in the U.K. maintained armoured car regiments whose mission remained tactical armoured reconnaissance on conventional battlefields. The 4th Queen's Own Hussars saw combat in Malaya from 1948-51 as an armoured car regiment. Other armoured car regiments such as the Royal Horse Guards were deployed to Cyprus as a result of the unrest and military events there.
The last armoured car intended for conventional battlefield use, the Fox armoured reconnaissance vehicle, was withdrawn from active British service in 1994 and replaced by tracked reconnaissance vehicles like the Sabre. Although reconnaissance regiments like the Household Cavalry Regiment remain active in the British Army, they no longer operate armoured cars and hence the British forces no longer field armoured car regiments.

</doc>
<doc id="19875974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19875974" title="From the Heart">
From the Heart

From the Heart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19876001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876001" title="Eli Sabiá">
Eli Sabiá

Eli Sabiá Filho (born 31 August 1988 in Mogi Guaçu) is a Brazilian association footballer who last played for Brasiliense.
Career.
Eli Sabiá began his career with Paulista and joined in July 2007 to Lausanne on loan; he joined back to Paulista on 29 January 2009.
On 14 May 2009 Santos FC have signed central defender Sabiá on loan from Paulista.

</doc>
<doc id="19876021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876021" title="The Strand (radio)">
The Strand (radio)

The Strand was the BBC World Service's daily arts show. It was launched on Monday, 27 October 2008. The last weekday edition was aired on Friday, 29 March 2013 and the last weekly summary on the weekend after. It was regularly hosted by Harriett Gilbert, Mark Coles, Anna McNamee, and Bidisha. The programme's title came from the Strand, a busy street in London close to the World Service's former studios at Bush House on Aldwych.
Format.
Harriett Gilbert regularly presented the Monday and Friday editions, as well as the new hour-long version of long-standing BBC World Service programme, "World Book Club", on the first Saturday of every month. She said about the programme, "I'm delighted to be presenting "The Strand". As a daily programme, it will be a great position to reveal, explore and debate developments as they happen in the world of the arts – including, of course, the world of literature."
Mark Coles, who previously hosted "The Beat" and "The Ticket" on the World Service, is also a music journalist and won the Sony Reporter of the Year Award in 1993.
The first programme featured: Roger Moore talking about his autobiography; a report on the cultural life available to the people of Gaza, in particular what people in Gaza are watching on satellite TV and how it affects their view of the world; a review of AC/DC's album "Black Ice"; and an interview with Steve McQueen about his film "Hunger".
"The Strand" replaced a number of existing World Service arts programmes such as "The Word", "The Beat", "On Screen", "Culture Shock" and "The Ticket".
Editions have also been presented by Lawrence Pollard, Louise Fryer, Rajan Datar, Tim Marlow, and Aminatta Forna.
The arts topics have now been integrated in the show "Outlook" which has been extended to one hour, beginning on Monday, 1 April 2013.
"World Book Club".
"World Book Club", an hour long programme, occupies some of "The Strand's" slots in the schedule on the first Saturday in each month and during repeats on following days. Some of the "repeats" are a version edited to fit the usual half-hour slots of "The Strand". "World Book Club" was previously a half-hour programme broadcast on the last Tuesday in each month in the slot of the now defunct book programme "The Word".

</doc>
<doc id="19876049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876049" title="God Bless Your Black Heart">
God Bless Your Black Heart

God Bless Your Black Heart is an album by the band The Paper Chase.

</doc>
<doc id="19876059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876059" title="That Man in Istanbul">
That Man in Istanbul

That Man in Istanbul (, , ) is a 1965 European international co-production adventure film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Horst Buchholz. It was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="19876063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876063" title="Arnljot Eggen">
Arnljot Eggen

Arnljot Eggen (13 August 1923 – 4 February 2009) was a Norwegian poet who also wrote plays and children's books.
He was born in Tolga. He made his literary debut in 1951, with the poetry collection "Eld og is". He was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature for the children's book "Den lange streiken". He received the "Melsom Prize" in 1971 for the songbook "", and again in 1995 for the poetry collection "Det flyktige varige". He wrote in both standards of written Norwegian, Bokmål and Nynorsk.
In the 1970s he became affiliated with the Workers' Communist Party. He was considered one of the leading left-wing poets in Norway at the time, and was a pioneer of political theatre, the best known play being 1973's "Pendlerne". He also had a column in "Klassekampen".

</doc>
<doc id="19876073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876073" title="TVI 24">
TVI 24

TVI 24 is a Portuguese news television channel owned by TVI, launched on February 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19876113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876113" title="Now You Are One of Us">
Now You Are One of Us

Now You Are One Of Us is an album by the band The Paper Chase

</doc>
<doc id="19876119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876119" title="Beach kabaddi at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach kabaddi at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Beach kabaddi at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held from 19 October to 22 October, 2008. Competitions were held at the Sanur Beach in Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19876140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876140" title="Tokyo City Cup">
Tokyo City Cup

The Tokyo City Cup Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at the end of March at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. A Grade III event raced on Pro-Ride synthetic dirt at a distance of 1½ miles (12 furlongs), it is open to horses aged four and older. 
Run as the San Bernardino Handicap prior to 2005, the races name honors the partnership between Santa Anita Park and Ohi Racecourse in Tokyo, Japan.
The race was open to three-year-olds only in 1957 and for three-year-olds and up from 1958 through 1967. Raced on dirt at 11/16 miles from 1957 through 1966 and on turf at 1⅛ miles from 1967 through 1972 and 1974 through 1978. Switched to dirt
Since inception it has been contested at various distances and on both dirt and turf:
The Tokyo City Cup was run in two divisions in 1971 and again in 1974.
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:
Winners.
Other North American Marathon races.
On dirt: 
On turf:

</doc>
<doc id="19876165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876165" title="Battle of Laagna">
Battle of Laagna

Battle of Laagna (; January 18, 1919) took place in Laagna, Estonia during the Estonian War of Independence between Estonian mariners and Finnish volunteers against Red Army.
In the morning the Estonians and Finns took Laagna village with a surprise attack and pushed the Red Army out. Against the Estonian mariners and Finnish volunteers (altogether 220 men) were two regiments of Red Army infantry, 2 armored trains and some cavalry. The Russians repeatedly attacked the Estonian and Finnish positions with armored trains but were unable to capture Laagna and they were driven back with heavy losses. The Estonian Mariners and Finns lost 4 men killed, 21 wounded, and three captured soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19876175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876175" title="Dolphin Entertainment">
Dolphin Entertainment

Dolphin Entertainment is a film and television production company that is located in Coral Gables, Florida. It was founded in 1996 by President Bill O’Dowd. Dolphin produces children and young adult targeted television shows and movies such as Zoey 101. Dolphin Entertainment has divisions in International Distribution, Merchandising, Licensing, and Music.
Television series credits for Dolphin Entertainment include serving as Executive Producer of Nickelodeon hit "Zoey 101" and "Ned’s Declassified School Survival Guide".
Dolphin Entertainment has several television movie Executive Producer credits including four titles in the popular “"Roxy Hunter"” mystery movie franchise, as well as Nickelodeon's first-ever TV movies "Shredderman Rules"! and "Last Day of Summer" (which premiered in Summer, 2007) including Nickelodeon’s first-ever musical, "Spectacular!".

</doc>
<doc id="19876192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876192" title="Sayula">
Sayula

Sayula may refer to one of two places in Mexico: 
Sayula may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19876197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876197" title="COBOL (disambiguation)">
COBOL (disambiguation)

COBOL can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19876200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876200" title="2001 BMW Open">
2001 BMW Open

The 2001 BMW Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Munich in Germany and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 30 through May 6, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19876229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876229" title="Nyandika Maiyoro">
Nyandika Maiyoro

Nyandika Maiyoro (born 1931 in Kiogoro, Nyaribare Chache) is a retired runner from Kenya. 
He attended Nyakegogi Primary School but dropped out after five years to concentrate on his athletics career. He was coached by the paramount chief Musa Nyandusi.
He won 3000 metres race at the 1953 Indian Ocean Games in Madagascar. This despite he started the race late, and joined it when other runners had run more than 100 metres. 
He competed at the 1954 Commonwealth Games, the first ever major international championships that Kenya participated. He was fourth in the three miles race. At the 1956 Summer Olympics he was 7th in the 5000 metres race. He competed at the 1958 Commonwealth games, but did not perform very well. Two years later, at the 1960 Summer Olympics he was 6th at the 5000 metres race. His time, 13:52.8 minutes was a new African record. He retired from running in 1964.
After retirement, he worked as Nyamira District Sports Officer and later Gusii Stadium manager. He has since retired to his farm, which is lacated in Borabu District and was donated to him by then president Jomo Kenyatta. After the 1954 Commonwealth Games he was also donated a house at Gusii Stadium by Senior Chief Musa Nyandusi, but after he retired from his job as a stadium manager, the house was seized by the Gusii municipal council, who claim the house was allocated to him only as a housing benefit while he was working for the council as a stadium manager. However, after the issue was highlighted by the Kenyan media, the Prime minister Raila Odinga ordered the house to be returned to Maiyoro.
He has two wives (Mogute and Pasticha) and 14 children. Maiyoro, who ran for Kenya under colonial times, has been awarded the MBE honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19876240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876240" title="The Pleasure Girls">
The Pleasure Girls

The Pleasure Girls is a 1965 British drama film directed by Gerry O'Hara and starring Francesca Annis, Ian McShane and Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
When a beautiful young girl, Sally (Francesca Annis), moves to London to pursue a modelling career, she moves in with Angela (Anneke Wills) and Dee (Suzanna Leigh) and discovers the world of the carefree bachelor girl in Swinging London of the 1960s. Over one weekend - filled with parties, blossoming friendships, and romantic encounters with Keith (Ian McShane) and Nikko (Klaus Kinski) - the vivacious girls learn about life's pleasures and pains.
DVD and Blu-ray release.
The film was published in dual format edition (containing both DVD & Blu-ray on the one disc) by the BFI. It was released as part of the "Flipside" strand. It was produced in an alternative export cut (Blu-ray only) and export version scenes (DVD only).

</doc>
<doc id="19876260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876260" title="1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
West Asia.
"1 Al Arabi withdrew"
Second round.
East Asia.
"1 Sembawang Rangers withdrew before 1st leg"
Quarterfinals.
West Asia.
"1 Al Ahli withdrew for the semifinals and were replaced by Navbahor Namangan; later they were banned for one year from Asian club competitions

</doc>
<doc id="19876261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876261" title="AMiBA">
AMiBA

The Yuan-Tseh Lee Array for Microwave Background Anisotropy, also known as the Array for Microwave Background Anisotropy (AMiBA), is a radio telescope designed to observe the cosmic microwave background and the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect in clusters of galaxies. It is located on Mauna Loa in Hawaii, at above sea level.
AMiBA was originally configured as a 7-element interferometer atop a hexapod mount. Observations at a wavelength of 3 mm (86–102 GHz) started in October 2006, and the detections of six clusters by the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect were announced in 2008. In 2009 the telescope was upgraded to 13 elements, and it is capable of further expansion to 19 elements. AMiBA is the result of a collaboration between the Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, the National Taiwan University and the Australia Telescope National Facility, and also involves researchers from other universities.
__NOTOC__
Design.
AMiBA was initially configured as a 7-element interferometer, using 0.576 m Cassegrain dishes mounted on a 6 m carbon fibre hexapod mount. It is located on Mauna Loa, Hawaii, and observes at 3 mm (86–102 GHz) to minimize foreground emission from other, non-thermal sources. The telescope has a retractable shelter, made from seven steel trusses and PVC fabric.
The receivers are based on Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit (MMIC) technology, with low noise amplifiers cooled to 15 K, which have 20 GHz bandwidths and provide 46 dB of amplification. The signals are mixed with a local oscillator to reduce their frequency, prior to correlation with an analog correlator. The system temperatures are between 55 and 75 K.
AMiBA started in 2000, with funding for 4 years from the Cosmology and Particle Astrophysics Project of the Taiwan Ministry of Education. A 2-element prototype was set up on Mauna Loa in 2002. Further funding for a second 4 years was provided by the National Science Council. The mount arrived on site in 2004, and the platform was installed in 2005. The first 7 elements were then installed ("AMiBA7"), and the telescope's first light was in September 2006, observing Jupiter. The telescope was dedicated in October 2006 to Yuan-Tseh Lee. The array was upgraded to have thirteen 1.2 m dishes in 2009 ("AMiBA13"). After extensive testing and calibration, scientific observations resumed in 2011. It is further expandable up to 19 elements.
Observations.
The primary goal of AMiBA is to observe both the temperature and polarization anisotropies in the Cosmic Microwave Background at multipoles between 800 and 8,000 (corresponding to between 2 and 20 arcminutes on the sky), as well as observing the thermal Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect in clusters of galaxies, which has a maximum decrement around 100 GHz. In its initial configuration, it measures up to multipoles of 3,000 with a resolution of around 6 arcminutes. The telescope only observes at night during good weather, using planets for calibration.
Six clusters were imaged in 2007: the Abell clusters 1689, 1995, 2142, 2163, 2261 and 2390, which have redshifts between 0.091 and 0.322. For the largest and brightest four of these—Abell 1689, 2261, 2142 and 2390—comparisons were made with X-ray and Subaru weak lensing data to study the cluster layout and radial properties, specifically of the mass profiles and baryon content. It is predicted that AMiBA with either 13 or 19 elements will be able to detect around 80 clusters per year via the SZ effect.
Collaboration.
AMiBA is the result of a collaboration between the Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, the National Taiwan University and the Australia Telescope National Facility. It also involves researchers from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, the National Radio Astronomy Observatory, the University of Hawaii, the University of Bristol, Nottingham Trent University, the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics and the Carnegie-Mellon University.

</doc>
<doc id="19876277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876277" title="Symantec Online Backup">
Symantec Online Backup

Symantec Online Backup is an online remote backup service that provides businesses with a system for backing up and storing computer files over the Internet. It was released in February, 2008 on the Symantec Protection Network platform.
Symantec Online Backup is an example of cloud computing or SaaS (software as a service).
Sales for Symantec Online Backup were discontinued as of January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19876294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876294" title="Tavolevo River">
Tavolevo River

Tavolevo River, a tributary of the Biobío River. in Chile. It has two tributaries the Culenco River flowing southeast from the Nahuelbuta Range in the Catirai region and the Nicodahue River that flows north from the La Araucanía Region and its two tributaries the Esperanza and Maitenrehue Rivers that all originate northwest of Angol. It is sometimes considered part of the Nicodahue River.
The Tavolevo flows into the Bio Bio fifty kilometers beyond the confluence of the Nicodahue and Culenco Rivers and seven kilometers to the north of Nacimiento. Immediately downstream from its mouth was the location of the old fort of Espirito Santo and on its banks significant placer gold deposits. The river was navigable by flatboats up to nine kilometers above its confluence with the Bio Bio. Its Mapudungun name meant confluence (from "thavun", to join itself, and from "leuvu", river).

</doc>
<doc id="19876306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876306" title="Chehalem">
Chehalem

Chehalem may refer to one of these Oregon-related articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19876308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876308" title="She Fought Alone">
She Fought Alone

She Fought Alone is a 1995 American television film directed by Christopher Leitch. The film, which is based on a true story, stars Tiffani-Amber Thiessen and Brian Austin Green, who were both known for "Beverly Hills, 90210" by the time of release. It was released on Region 2 DVD in 2000 and Region 1 in 2004.
Plot.
Caitlin Rose is a shy 17-year-old in the new town of Lockhart, Illinois. She is not very well known at her school, but with the help of her best friend, she is accepted into the popular group at school, known as "The Crew". While partying one night, she bonds with Ethan, eventually sleeping with him while being secretly watched by his best friend, Jace. Acting under peer pressure, she soon starts to rebel, neglecting school and getting into trouble. A lot of the teachers are bothered by their behavior, complaining to administrators that they get away with everything, but to no avail. While at the movies one night, Caitlin finds out Ethan is dating another girl. Upset, she confronts him. Trying to keep up a tough image, he claims they were never serious, but she responds that she sees right through him, before leaving. Back at home, she receives a visit from Jace, who lies his way into her home by saying that he wants to comfort her. Inside, he tries to kiss her, but when she refuses, he becomes aggressive and ends up raping her while her little sister listens through the door, unaware that her sister is being assaulted. 
The next day, she distances herself from everyone, not wanting to talk to her mother. When Avon demands to know what happened last night, Caitlin admits that Jace raped her. She, however, doesn't believe Caitlin, claiming that she probably seduced him. Feeling betrayed, she leaves home, only to be told the same by her friends. She directly accuses Jace of rape, but nobody believes her, and the rest of Caitlin's friends soon turn their back on her. Determined to prove she is not lying, she goes to the hospital for an examination, but the doctors can't find any sign of rape because of the fact she was already sexually active before being raped. Nevertheless, Avon decides to believe her and offers to press charges, but Caitlin responds she just wants to forget everything that happened.
She is soon troubled with nightmares, and at school, people start bullying her. At first, she considers dropping out and going to college, but she soon realizes she could be able to stop it by winning over Ethan's trust. She is unable to, however, and the harassing continues. This results in Caitlin getting into a fight with another girl, Hanna, who is subsequently suspended not only for fighting Caitlin and writing graffiti, but for arguing with the chemistry teacher. Her mother threatens to step to the mass media, which angers the principal. Trying to prevent the school from getting a bad reputation, she suspends Ethan and Jace from two football games. As revenge for the suspension, the group lures her into an abandoned house and assault her, cutting off her hair as a "punishment". However, Ethan sees how scared she is and lets her go. Devastated, Caitlin decides to fight back, calling an investigator the next day, and the two begin collecting evidence and preparing to sue the school. 
Meanwhile, Jace reveals to Ethan that he indeed raped Caitlin. Stunned by this revelation, Ethan tries to make it right with her, but she initially doesn't want to see him. However, after much discussion, Caitlin finally relents, and an uneasy truce is made between them. Feeling betrayed by his best friend, Jace starts vandalizing Ethan's property and car. Finally, he picks up Caitlin, ready to flee the town, but they are stopped by the rest of The Crew. During the ensuing commotion, a knife fight breaks out between Ethan and Jace, which ends with Jace being stabbed in the leg, after which Ethan leaves with Caitlin. Later, they kiss in a church, and a court trial follows, during which the school district promises to update their policies. Jace testifies he will never play college football because of muscle damage sustained in the knife fight, and that he's ready to move on with his life and go to a state college. In the end, Caitlin leaves town for college, leaving everyone behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19876314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876314" title="Inglewood Cottage">
Inglewood Cottage

Inglewood Cottage is a Gothic Revival villa, built c. 1850, located at 150 Bethlehem Pike, in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was designed by famed American architect Thomas Ustick Walter, Fourth Architect of the U.S. Capital, and built by Cephas Childs, a prominent Philadelphia lithographer and director of the Chestnut Hill Railroad. The home was among the first summer cottages built in and around Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the mid to late 19th century for wealthy Center City Philadelphians.
The home was owned for many years by John Story Jenks, a prosperous dry goods merchant, for whom the Philadelphia School District named The John Story Jenks Elementary School. Jenks's summer home, Inglewood, is adjacent to Inglewood Cottage in the same compound. Inglewood is a large Georgian Revival home designed, in its present form, by the architectural firm of Cope & Stewardson.
Jenks's daughter, Mary, and son-in-law, Joseph S. Lovering, and their family lived in the compound throughout much of the 20th century. Inglewood Cottage passed from Lovering family ownership in 1986, Inglewood in 1991.
Inglewood Cottage was modified greatly over the years, mostly by the Lovering family. It was enlarged and altered extensively in 1900 and 1906, by the architectural firm of Kennedy, Hays, & Kelsey, when a new dining room and kitchen were added. The 1906 addition and alterations were carried out by the contracting firm of George S. Roth & Sons. Later alterations included the addition of a solarium on the house's west side, a butler's pantry, gardener's privy, enclosed porch and balcony on the east side, and a garage and potting shed detached structure on the southeast corner of the grounds.
The present configuration of the home consists of six bedrooms (three on the second floor and three, including a large nursery, on the third); three full and two half baths (with high-tank toilets, clawfoot tubs, and period nickel-plated plumbing); two second-floor exterior balconies (one Juliette style); dressing room; library; den; parlor; solarium; breakfast room; dining room with built-in china storage; seven fireplaces (including four wood-burning, two coal-burning, and one gas log); a Franklin wood stove; period gourmet kitchen with original fir cabinets, seven-burner range, built-in refrigeration, and drawer dishwashers; wine storage cellar; cedar-lined closets; and a walk-in linen closet.
The home has undergone extensive restoration since 2004. It is currently owned by the Cristofanilli family originally from Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19876323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876323" title="Wera Tools">
Wera Tools

Wera Tools is the popular name for tool manufacturer, Wera Werk Hermann Werner GmbH & Co. KG of Wuppertal, Germany. It was founded in 1936.
Corporate structure.
Wera Tools is one of the leading global screwdriving tool manufacturers. Its global headquarters and European sales team is based in Wuppertal, Germany. Wera has two wholly owned regional subsidiaries: in the UK (based in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England) and North America (based in Ontario, Canada), where it is known as Wera Tools Inc. Outside of these areas, the company operates through a network of sales agents and wholesalers. Wera is a privately held company and employs more than 650 people.
Wera Tools designs and manufactures more than 3,500 tools for both manual and power tool applications at its German headquarters and its factory in the Czech Republic.
Product categories and brands.
Wera products include screwdrivers, screwdriver bits, ratchets and socketry, nut-spinners and L-keys. Wera tools are used principally by professionals, including builders, electricians and mechanics.
Wera is particularly well known for its popular line of screwdrivers featuring the instantly recognisable Kraftform shape handle. This unique design is based around the contours of the hand during screwdriver use, and uses a specifically designed combination of ergonomic soft zones and smooth, hard zones. The distinctive 'crowns' from this handle are now used as part of the Wera logo.
Other key Wera developments and well-known brands include:
Awards.
Design Award Winner:
Award for innovation:

</doc>
<doc id="19876324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876324" title="2002 BMW Open">
2002 BMW Open

The 2002 BMW Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Munich in Germany and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 29 through May 5, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19876325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876325" title="Porta (rapper)">
Porta (rapper)

Cristian Jiménez Bundo (born 2 July 1988 in Barcelona), known as El Porta or simply Porta, is a Spanish rapper.
Biography.
Porta began to record rap songs when he was twelve, compiling his demos and releasing his first album, "No Es Cuestión de Edades", in 2006. This was followed in 2007 with "No Hay Truco". An animated video for "Dragon Ball Rap" attracted over 42 million views on YouTube.
Porta has stated that some of their most important influences have been Nach Scratch, Eminem, Kase-O, and Isasuko.
He describes himself as an Internet product, as most of his fame has been spread through internet sites such as MySpace and YouTube. His songs are spread through downloads from the internet, and he has beaten many records in internet downloads.
Porta was given a recording contract by Universal Records, who released his major-label debut album, "En Boca de Tantos", in 2008, the album reaching the top ten in the Spanish chart. The album's title track was released as the lead single. However, it was not as well received as his first two albums.
On December 2008 Porta performed his single "En Boca de Tantos" in the Spanish competition "Disco del Año" 2008 because of being most voted on the webpage of the same competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19876428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876428" title="2003 BMW Open">
2003 BMW Open

The 2003 BMW Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Munich in Germany and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 28 through May 4, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19876436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876436" title="Thomas O. Osborn">
Thomas O. Osborn

Thomas Ogden Osborn (August 11, 1832 – March 27, 1904) was an American lawyer, soldier, and diplomat who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was also the U.S. Minister to Argentina from 1874 to 1885.
Early life and career.
Thomas Osborn was born near the rural village of Jersey in Licking County, Ohio. In 1854 he graduated from Ohio University at Athens. Osborn studied law under future Civil War general Lew Wallace and moved to Chicago, where he established a law practice in 1858.
Civil War service.
After the start of the war, Osborn became the Lieutenant Colonel of the 39th Illinois Infantry on October 11, 1861, and was promoted to Colonel the following year on January 1. He led the regiment in several campaigns and battles in the Eastern Theater.
Osborn and his command saw action in the 1862 Valley Campaign against Confederate forces under Lt. Gen. Thomas Jonathan "Stonewall" Jackson, participating in the Battle of Port Republic on June 9. From July until September 1863, Osborn took part in Union operations against Charleston, South Carolina, including attacks on Fort Wagner and Fort Sumter.
In 1864, Osborn commanded the 1st Brigade, 1st Division of the XXIV Corps of the Army of the James. Osborn was badly wounded at the Battle of Drewry's Bluff on May 14, 1864, when a musket ball shattered his right elbow and lodged in his arm. He stayed in the hospital until September before being released for duty. In December, he had recovered enough to report for duty. However, he suffered from ankylosis of the injured elbow for the rest of his life.
During the Siege of Petersburg in 1864 into 1865, Osborn led a brigade in the XXIV Corps. He was brevetted to the rank of Brigadier General on March 10, 1865.
On April 2, 1865, Osborn's command was instrumental in the capture of Fort Gregg during the Union breakthrough, and he brevetted to Major General to rank from that date. He was promoted to Brigadier General in the United States Volunteers on May 1, 1865, and led the 1st Division of the XXIV Corps from May 2 – July 8. Osborn resigned from the Army on September 28.
Postbellum career.
Osborn returned to his legal practice in Chicago, engaged in several business ventures, and he also held several federally appointed positions. He was elected as the treasurer of Cook County, Illinois, serving from 1867 until 1869. He entered the State Department in 1874 after receiving a presidential appointment as the U.S. Minister to Argentina. He served in Buenos Aires until 1885. He was significant involved in the negotiations to the Boundary treaty of 1881 between Chile and Argentina.
In the spring of 1904, Osborn died in Washington, D.C., after suffering for ten hours from a massive cerebral hemorrhage that paralyzed him. 
He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19876444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876444" title="Peter Freund">
Peter Freund

Peter George Oliver Freund (born 7 September 1936) is a professor emeritus of theoretical physics at the University of Chicago. He has made important contributions to particle physics and string theory. He is also active as a writer.
Biography.
Peter George Oliver Freund was born, raised and educated in the Romanian city of Timişoara. Because of his participation in an anti-Soviet demonstration in November 1956, Freund was arrested by the communist security police, the Securitate, and lined up with other students between a wall and a line of tanks, essentially an armored firing squad, which, in the reigning confusion, did not fire.
In 1959 he managed to leave Romania. Freund obtained his PhD in theoretical physics at the University of Vienna, with Walter Thirring as his thesis adviser. Since 1965 Freund has been on the faculty of the University of Chicago. He lives in Chicago with his wife Lucy, a clinical psychologist. They have two daughters, both married (Pauline, an attorney in Seattle and Caroline, an economist in Washington, D.C.), as well as five grandchildren.
Research.
Freund was one of the originators of two-component duality which gave the original impetus to what then developed into string theory. He pioneered the modern unification of physics through the introduction of extra dimensions of space and found mechanisms by which the extra dimensions curl up. 
Freund made significant contributions, to the theory of magnetic monopoles, to supersymmetry and supergravity, to number-theoretic aspects of string theory, as well as to the phenomenology of hadrons.
Writer.
Beyond his work in theoretical physics, Freund is the author of the book "A Passion for Discovery", World Scientific, Singapore, New York, London 2007. 
Over the years, in addition to scientific papers, Freund has written short stories, and since 2001 he has been publishing them. His stories appear in the online literary journal Exquisite Corpse and in other journals.
In addition to short stories, Freund has written two novellas, "The Fine Underwear of Consciousness" and "Upside Down", as well as the novel "Belonging". Together with his childhood friend, the Romanian novelist Radu Ciobanu, he has written in the Romanian language the book "Dialog peste Atlantic" ("Dialog Across the Atlantic"), published by Emia in 2006. The book deals with the way two friends, separated for half a century, view world events, arts, science, and ultimately try to catch up on two lives lived under very different conditions: Freund has managed to leave Romania for the West, while Radu Ciobanu lived through the horrors of the communist dictatorship.
The book "West of West End", a collection of Freund’s short stories, appeared in October 2008. Another collection of short stories, "Tales in a Minor Key" was published in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19876446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876446" title="912th Air Refueling Squadron">
912th Air Refueling Squadron

The 912th Air Refueling Squadron (912 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 452d Operations Group, stationed at March Joint Air Reserve Base, California. 
The squadron is a corollary unit of the active duty 93d Air Refueling Squadron, 92d Air Refueling Wing (92 ARW), Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington.
Overview.
The squadron operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling and other air mobility missions.
History.
The squadron flew combat missions in the European Theater of Operations from, 13 May 1943–20 April 1945. It conducted long distance aerial refueling from, 1961–1972 and worldwide aerial refueling, beginning 1973. The 912th gained also flew EC–135 airborne command post missions from, 1984–1989. On 19 Sep 1985 the 912th Air Refueling Squadron was consolidated with the 412th Bombardment Squadron (Very Heavy), a unit that was last active 27 Jun 1949. Thia action was directed by Department of the Air Force Letter DAF/MPM 662q Attachme1 (Active Units), 19 Sep 1985 The Consolidated Unit retains the Designation of "912th Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy". The 912th supported operations in Grenada, 23–24 October 1983, Panama, 18–21 December 1989, and Southwest Asia, August 1990–March 1991.
The squadron was inactivated at Grand Forks AFB, North Dakota on 20 Mar 2009 pursuant to BRAC 2005 action which directed the transition of Grand Forks AFB from an air refueling mission to an unmanned reconnaissance aircraft mission with the RQ-4 Global Hawk.
The squadron was reactivated at March ARB, California on 3 Dec 2010 as an Active Associate organization, an active duty Regular Air Force flying unit assigned to an Air Force Reserve Command flying unit, with both organizations operating the same aircraft. As part of the 452nd Air Mobility Wing (452 AMW) at March, the 912th is an active duty squadron that will work in tandem with March's 336th Air Refueling Squadron and 452nd Maintenance Group, flying and maintaining the KC-135R Stratotanker aircraft as the 912th previously did at Grand Forks. However, the 912 ARS will remain under the administrative control of the 92nd Air Refueling Wing (92 ARW) at Fairchild AFB, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19876451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876451" title="Yahya Merchant">
Yahya Merchant

Yahya Merchant (1903 – after 1967) was an Indian architect. Among his designs are the Quaid-e-Azam Mausoleum for Muhammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi, and the Raudat Tahera Mausoleum for Syedna Taher Saifuddin in Mumbai.
He taught architecture at Sir J.J. College of Architecture, Mumbai, from 1943 to 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19876464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876464" title="Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp">
Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp

The Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp is a re-education through labor camp in the People's Republic of China in Heilongjiang province, Daoli District, Harbin City. According to the Laogai Research Foundation, the camp was established in 1984 and is controlled by the Harbin City Judicial Bureau. The camp reportedly also housed Falun Gong practitioners and includes a tailor’s shop. In 1993, there were a total of 1,433 prisoners at Wanjia, Yuquan and Changlinzi RTL.
In 2001, the Hong Kong-based Information Center for Human Rights and Democracy said 10 women killed themselves to protest their treatment at the camp. A Chinese government spokesman in Beijing said that 14 followers had committed suicide at the camp and another 11 attempted suicide but were stopped by camp guards. 
External links.
Laogai Handbook

</doc>
<doc id="19876500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876500" title="Raise (mining)">
Raise (mining)

In underground mining a raise refers to a vertical or inclined excavation that leads from one level, or drift, to another. A raise may also extend to surface. There are four excavation methods for raises:
Raises serve a number or purposes including:

</doc>
<doc id="19876530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876530" title="Firmin Ayessa">
Firmin Ayessa

Firmin Ayessa (born 2 November 1951) is a Congolese politician. As a long-time associate of President Denis Sassou Nguesso, Ayessa has held a series of key posts at the Presidency of Congo-Brazzaville; he was Director of the Civil Cabinet of the President from 1999 to 2002, Deputy Director of the Presidential Cabinet from 2002 to 2007, and he has been the Director of the Presidential Cabinet, with the rank of Minister of State, since 2007.
Political career.
Ayessa, an ethnic Mbochi, was born in Ondza, located near Makoua in the north of Congo-Brazzaville. A journalist by profession, he studied in France; after returning to Congo-Brazzaville, he worked on radio and television beginning in 1977. He then served as an adviser at the Congolese embassy in Paris from 1980 to 1983, and he was appointed as Director of the Cabinet of the Minister of Communication in 1984. Later, he was Director-General of Audiovisuals. In 1990, he joined the Congolese Labour Party (PCT); he was also elected to the PCT Central Committee in 1990.
Ayessa served as Director of the Congolese Information Agency (ACI) in the early 1990s. He was also editor-in-chief of "Aujourd'hui" ("Today"), a daily newspaper that described itself as "private and independent of political parties", when it launched on 23 March 1991. The paper launched immediately prior to the opening of the 1991 National Conference, in which the PCT lost power. Later in 1991, Théodore Kiamossi, who had resigned from the PCT, was appointed to replace Ayessa as Director of the ACI; Ayessa was then appointed as Communications Adviser to President Denis Sassou Nguesso. He remained in the latter post until 1992, when Sassou Nguesso was defeated in a multiparty presidential election and left office.
In March 1997, he was elected to the Higher Council for the Freedom of Communication. Sassou Nguesso regained power at the end of the June–October 1997 civil war, and he then appointed Ayessa to the government as Minister for the Organization of the National Forum and Relations with the National Transitional Council, on 2 November 1997. Ayessa was subsequently appointed as Director of the Civil Cabinet of the President, with the rank of Minister-Delegate, on 18 January 1999. He was deputy director of Sassou Nguesso's campaign for the March 2002 presidential election, working under Isidore Mvouba, the campaign director. 
In the May 2002 parliamentary election, Ayessa was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Makoua constituency, located in Cuvette Region; he received 70.80% of the vote and won the seat in the first round. He was then moved from his post as Director of the Civil Cabinet to the post of Deputy Director of the Cabinet of the President, Head of the Department of Communication, and Spokesman of the President on 19 August 2002. Having held a succession of high-level posts under Sassou Nguesso, Ayessa was considered an influential adviser to the President.
Ayessa spent nearly five years as Deputy Director of the President's Cabinet, working under Aimé Emmanuel Yoka. After Yoka was moved to the post of Minister of Justice, President Sassou Nguesso appointed Ayessa to succeed Yoka as Director of the President's Cabinet, with the rank of Minister of State, on 15 May 2007. He officially succeeded Yoka at a ceremony on 22 May 2007. Ayessa also stood again as the PCT candidate in Makoua in the June 2007 parliamentary election; he won the seat in the first round with 99.59% of the vote.
In early June 2009, Ayessa was designated as Sassou Nguesso's National Campaign Director for the July 2009 presidential election. Sassou Nguesso easily won the election amidst an opposition boycott.
Ayessa presided over the ceremony at which the Ninja militia leader Pasteur Ntoumi, who had earlier led a rebellion against the government, was installed in his office as Delegate-General for the Promotion of the Values of Peace and Repair of the Ravages of War in December 2009. At the ceremony, Ayessa expressed a spirit of reconciliation, congratulating Ntoumi and welcoming the opportunity to work with him.
At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in July 2011, Ayessa was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau. In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Ayessa again stood as the PCT candidate in Makoua. He won the seat in the first round with 72.75% of the vote.
Acting as Sassou Nguesso's personal representative, Ayessa headed Congo-Brazzaville's delegation to the swearing in of Catherine Samba-Panza as transitional President of the Central African Republic on 23 January 2014. He praised Samba-Panza and reaffirmed Congo-Brazzaville's commitment to efforts to stabilize and improve the situation in the Central African Republic, which was plagued by violence and disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="19876541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876541" title="Brentwood Ursuline Convent High School">
Brentwood Ursuline Convent High School

Brentwood Ursuline Convent High School is a Roman Catholic secondary school with academy status located in Brentwood, Essex, England.
History.
Direct grant grammar school.
It was a direct grant grammar school for girls, with the Brentwood School being a similar school for boys.
Comprehensive.
It became a comprehensive in 1979. In September 1999 the school became a specialist Arts College.
Academy.
The school converted to academy status on 1 October 2012. The school continues to have arts as a specialism however.
Sports.
The school have an active involvement in local and county-wise competitions-the school has a good reputation usually coming 3rd to 1st place in sports competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19876554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876554" title="Sleeping with the Devil (film)">
Sleeping with the Devil (film)

Sleeping with the Devil is a 1997 American television film directed by William A. Graham. The film is based upon the novel of the same name by Suzanne Finstad.
Plot.
Rebecca Dubrovich (Doherty) is a nurse, who years ago was brutally raped. Ever since, she has been skeptic about dating men and instead focusses on her work and her training for the Santa Barbara triathlon. Her life and look on love changes when she meets and falls in love with billionaire Dick Strang (Matheson), the owner of a large fitness chain. She opens up to him about her past, and admits that she was a rebellious girl for a while who got caught up in drugs. Dick helps her leave behind the past, while getting involved in a romantic relationship with her. Not long after their first meeting, he already asks her to give up med school and move to Houston for him. Rebecca finishes up her semester and heads out to Houston, where she is talked into becoming the image of Dick's fitness company.
One night, a lady knocks on her door who reveals herself to be Dick's wife Dina. Rebecca immediately leaves Dick, despite his claims that he is only still technically married to Dina for tax purposes. After Dina files for divorces, Rebecca agrees to reconcile with Dick, though soon estranges from him when he becomes obsessed with winning the divorce case. Rebecca advises Dick to give Dina the money that she is suing him for, but Dick intends on winning the case. Dick's sister Liz warns Rebecca that her brother is a liar and a sadist and that she is better off without him, but Rebecca feels that she should stay right beside him during trial. Dick becomes more and more stressed and frustrated during trial - even trying to convince his best friend to lie on trial that he had an affair with Dina - and when he loses the case, he takes it out on Rebecca. Rebecca, who has just recently announced that she is pregnant of his child, leaves Dick after he hits her and demands for her to have an abortion. Liz sets her up in a new house with the furniture that Dick gave her sometime ago, though Dick soon sues Rebecca for grand theft. His attorney offers to drop the charges if Rebecca signs a contract that states that Dick is not the father of her child, but she refuses to do so. Rebecca tells her parents that she would rather go to jail than have her child born into a lie.
Meanwhile, Dick has a private detective locate her new apartment, reclaims his furniture and continues to stalk Rebecca. Furthermore, her father receives a phone call from a man named Tom who offers him $20,000 dollars to get Rebecca out of town, warning him that something terrible could happen if he does not listen. The next day, Rebecca leaves for work when she is shot several times by a hitman. She survives the ordeal, but turns out to be paralyzed and is told that she will never walk again. Dick tracks her down and hires a female contract killer, who poses as a nurse and unsuccessfully tries to give Rebecca a lethal injection. Rebecca presses charges, but Dick is unaffected by the system and out on the streets in no time. Feeling defeated, she instead focuses on her recovery. She starts working as a nurse for Dr. Jerrold Petrofsky (Bowe), a surgeon who specializes in the recovery of paralyzed people. Together, they work on new ideas of helping paralyzed people to walk again, and fall in love with each other during the process. Meanwhile, Dick is put on trial, and in the end, Rebecca wins and is granted over $28 million. She uses the money for her recovery and is finally able to walk again, and even walk the marathon she had long trained for in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="19876557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876557" title="2004 BMW Open">
2004 BMW Open

The 2004 BMW Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Munich in Germany and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 26 to May 2, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19876564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876564" title="Green tea extract">
Green tea extract

A green tea extract is a herbal derivative from green tea leaves ("Camellia sinensis"). Containing antioxidant ingredients – mainly green tea catechins (GTC) – green tea and its derivatives are sought-after amongst people who pursue good health.
Beginning of tea extracts.
The Indian and Chinese have used the green tea for hundreds of years for a wide variety of uses. These cultures have used green tea to treat headaches, aching body parts, and to improve life expectancy.
Types of green tea extracts.
Strong infusions.
During the strong infusion green tea leaves are processed by soaking in the aqueous solution of alcohol (the aspect content is about 2% w/w).
Soft extracts.
To obtain soft extracts, the solution made by strong infusion beforehand is further concentrated to 20–25% (the catechin content is about 20% w/w).
Dry extracts.
After the strong infusions have been concentrated to 40–50% solids (the catechin content is above 25% w/w)，they are sprayed and then become dehydrated extract and powder. The leftovers - water content, which is less than 5% w/w, and the extract - are usually processed as a powder containing inert processing aids to become suitable for a variety of uses (tablets, capsules, dry mixes, etc.).
Partly purified extracts.
Further purification processes, for example, solvent extraction or column chromatography techniques, as well as new techniques such as membrane extraction and separation, are utilized in order to acquire a higher content of tea catechins.
, epigallocatechin (EGC), epicatechin gallate (ECG) and epicatechin (EC). Of which, EGCG accounts for more than 40% of the total content.
Chemistry and biochemistry.
Constituents.
The cardinal antioxidative ingredient in the green tea extract is green tea catechins (GTC), which comprise four major epicatechin derivatives; namely, epicatechin (EC), epigallocatechin (EGC), epicatechin gallate (ECG), and epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG).
Other components include three kinds of flavonoids, known as kaempferol, quercetin, and myricetin. A remarkably higher content of myricetin is detected in tea and its extracts than in many other plants, and this high concentration of myricetin may have some implications with the bioactivity of tea and its extracts.
Caffeine may be excluded in green tea extracts in order to avoid side-effects; caffeine-free green tea extract supplements are now available.
Chemical properties.
Green tea extract is approximately twice more antioxidant-active than Vitamin C. The main attribution is supposed to be EGCG.
One study by the Drug and Food department of Iran in 2008 compared antioxidant properties of various green tea compounds with those of vitamin C and vitamin E: the study concluded that green tea extracts -for a total of approximately 68 mg of combined phenols, flavonoids and anthocyanidin present from 1g of a sample of "Chinas green tea" leaves, the grade yielding the highest content of bioactive chemicals- had the equivalent antioxidant power found in 50 mg-275 mg of vitamin C and 156 mg-813 mg of vitamin E 
In alkaline solutions (pH > 8) GTC (green tea catechins) is rather unstable; in acidic solutions (pH < 4), however, GTC shows excellent stability. The stability in alkaline solutions varies between four components of GTC in green tea extracts. Recent study demonstrates that EGCG and EGC is more unstable than EC and ECG in a basic solution, giving an explanation to the fact that EGCG and EGC do not circulate in the basic sodium phosphate buffer fluid of human body.
In a high temperature environment, GTC is not stable: an epimerization change is likely to occur, because heating results in the conversion from EGCG to GCG. Thus it is considered inappropriate to infuse green tea or its extracts with overheated water.
Biochemical properties.
The biochemical properties of green tea extracts can be generally divided into four aspects – antioxidant, anticarcinogen, anti-inflammatory, and anti-radiation.
Green tea extracts exhibit stronger antioxidant protection for human body than vitamin C and vitamin E. Scavenging effect of lipid free-radicals (one antioxidant property) of polyphenols in green tea extracts can be clearly observed in experiments. The ability of GTP in green tea extracts to eliminate lipid-derived free radicals is noticeably stronger (almost 50 times) than that of ginkgo biloba extracts. Further investigations indicate that the boosting level of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione dismutase (GSHPx) may account for the inhibitory effect of GTC against lipid oxidation (rancidification). It should be mentioned that from the antioxidant perspective, green tea extracts are, generally speaking, more effective than black tea extracts due to the better preservation of catechins.
Moreover, the anticarcinogenic property make the green tea extracts a hotspot in recent scientific researches. In many experiments, green tea extracts show inhibitory effects on cancer cells. In vitro assays, catechin and caffeine, which are main components in green tea extracts, block the cell cycle of cancer cells (cytotoxicity) and induce programmed cell death; in vivo, green tea extracts also inhibit prostatic carcinoma transplanted in nude mice.
In addition, green tea extracts also contain a wide-ranged anti-inflammatory characteristics, so it may be helpful in treating chronic inflammatory states. The bactericidal activity against S.mutans is conspicuous in Japanese green tea extracts, and the maltose level in mouth is consistently lower after drinking tea. Therefore, green tea extracts may be effective in oral hygiene maintenance.
Green tea extracts show anti-radiation properties on white rats in radioactive isotope experiments.
Green tea extracts can enhance the effect of penicillin G against B.subtilis (Smeeton B. The synergy of green tea and penicillin G against bacillus subtilis. J App Pharm 2011 2(3) 197-200).
Dosage and side-effects.
Green tea extract supplements are accessible over the counter in various forms. Standardized green tea extract is 90 percent total polyphenols, and 1 capsule equals 5 cups of tea.
EGCG has a poor bioavailability when taken orally; the absolute bioavailability of EGCG in CF-1 mice and Sprague-Dawley rats was found to be only 26.5 and 1.6%, respectively. The bioavailability for humans is assumed to be in the same range.
Though green tea extracts show potential anticancer capacity - under some conditions by working together with other drugs and suppressing multidrug resistance in cancer cells - they are not suggested for use alone as a chemotherapy agent for cancer treatment.
Excessive intake of green tea extracts containing caffeine has side effects; an excessive concentration may act as a pro-oxidant to damage DNA and produce undesirable side effects.
Use of green tea extracts has been linked to occasional cases of acute liver failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19876603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876603" title="Bill Adolph">
Bill Adolph

William "Bill" Adolph, Jr. (born October 23, 1949) is an American accountant and politician. He is currently a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 165th Legislative District since 1988. He is chairman of the House Appropriations Committee.
Career.
Adolph is a public accountant who has operated his own firm since 1971. He ran for township auditor for Springfield Township as a Democrat and lost. In 1982, he was elected to the Springfield Board of Commissioners as a Republican. During his tenure, he also served as president of the Board of Commissioners.
He was first elected state representative in 1988 when incumbent Mary Ann Arty vacated the seat after being elected to the Delaware County Council. During the campaign, he promoted an increase on the income limits for property tax rebates, stricter enforcement of speed limits, and stiffer penalties for hit-and-run drivers.
In a 2002 PoliticsPA Feature story designating politicians with yearbook superlatives, he was named "Class Clown."
Personal.
Adolph is a former Springfield Athletic Association board member. He was a youth football coach for the Springfield Youth Club and is the current head coach of St. Francis CYO. 
He is a graduate of Cardinal O’Hara High School and also a member of the school’s Hall of Fame. Adolph attended Christian Brothers University.
Adolph lives in Springfield with his wife. They have three sons and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19876630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876630" title="Philip Crosfield">
Philip Crosfield

The Very Reverend George Philip Chorley Crosfield OBE (9 September 1924 - 13 March 2013) was an eminent Anglican priest in the latter part of the 20th Century.
He was born on 9 September 1924 and educated at George Watson's College, Edinburgh and Selwyn College, Cambridge.
After wartime service with the Royal Artillery, during which he saw action in Normandy in 1944, Germany in 1945 and was then posted to India, he was ordained in 1952 and began his career with a curacy at St David's, Pilton, Edinburgh and subsequently at St. Andrew's Church, St. Andrews, where he was also Anglican chaplain to the university. It was here that he met his wife, Susan Martin, an undergraduate who was president of the Anglican Society. 
He was appointed Rector of St Cuthbert's, Hawick in 1955 and he and Susan were married in the summer of 1956. After 5 years, Crosfield was asked to be Chaplain of Gordonstoun School and his appointment coincided with the arrival at the school of the young Prince Charles, whom he later prepared for confirmation. 
In 1968, he was appointed Vice-Provost and Canon Residentiary at St Mary’s Cathedral, Edinburgh, but, following Patrick Rodger's departure to be Bishop of Manchester, he became its Provost in 1970, a post he was to hold until retirement 20 years later. During his time at the Cathedral, he founded St. Mary's Music School, which had grown out of the St. Mary's Cathedral Choir School. The Music School opened its doors in 1972, with Yehudi Menuhin as its patron. 
In the 1980s, horrified by the effects of unemployment on young people, Crosfield set up the St. Mary's Cathedral Workshop, which has looked after the fabric of the Victorian Cathedral whilst training apprentice stonemasons and reviving the skills and trades associated with old buildings that were in danger of disappearing. 
Moving to Penicuik, near Edinburgh, in retirement, he continued his work as a priest as part of the Ministry Team of St. James the Less Episcopal Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="19876680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876680" title="Edlington, Lincolnshire">
Edlington, Lincolnshire

Edlington is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated north-west from the town of Horncastle, and in the civil parish of Edlington with Wispington. In the 2001 Census the parish population was recorded as 147.
Edlington Grade II listed Anglican parish church is dedicated to St Helen. Originating in the 12th century, it was rebuilt in 1859 by James Fowler, but retained its Norman tower arch and Early English font.
A further listed building is the late 16th-century Hall Farm House.
William the Conqueror's men rode through Edlington with the "Domesday Book", and next to the Church (in the grounds of Edlington Manor) archaeologists found evidence of a small Roman camp where they found pots of oxen bones, most likely used for ceremonial purposes.
St Helen's church accommodated Oliver Cromwell and some of his men.

</doc>
<doc id="19876731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876731" title="Alex Coles">
Alex Coles

Alex Coles is an art and design critic and editor. "DesignArt" (Tate Publishing, 2005), his first book, triggered a debate about limited edition design, principally in the art and design market. As a follow-up, Coles edited the anthology "Design and Art" (MIT Press/Whitechapel Publications, 2007), which argued for a deeper understanding of the interface between art and design. 
Coles' most recent book "The Transdisciplinary Studio" Vol. 1 (Sternberg Press, 2012), is a study of studio models of artists (Olafur Eliasson and Jorge Pardo), product designers (Konstantin Grcic), and graphic designers (Abake). To write the book, Coles spent a sustained period of time in each studio conducting ethnographic-styled embedded research. He is currently researching Vol. 2, due for release in 2013.
In the autumn of 2012 Coles will launch a new series of edited books through Sternberg Press titled "EP".
Publications.
Edited anthologies include: 
"The Anxiety of Interdisciplinarity" (Black Dog Publishing, 1998), "Mark Dion: Archaeology" (Black Dog Publishing, 1999), "The Optic of Walter Benjamin" (Black Dog Publishing, 1998), "Site-Specificity: The Ethnographic Turn" (Black Dog Publishing, 2001) and "Design and Art" (MIT Press/Whitechapel Publications, 2007).
Recent catalogue essays include: "Kiss the Frog! The Art of Transformation" (National Museum, Oslo, 2005), "Anton Henning" (Museum fur Kunst Frankfurt, Germany, 2006), "Project VITRA" (Birkhauser, 2007), "Jorge Pardo" (K21, Düsseldorf, 2009), "Martin Creed: Down Over Up" (The Fruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh, 2010), "Donald Judd: A Good Chair is a Good Chair" (Ikon Gallery, Birmingham, 2010), "Konstantin Grcic" (Gallery Kreo, Paris, 2011) and Ronan and Erwan Bouroullec (Pompidou-Metz, 2012). 
Public Lectures and Conferences.
Recent conferences organized include: "What is DesignArt?" (Tate Britain, 2005), "The Greater ‘60s" (Courtauld Institute, 2006), "Dialogues in DesignArt" (Whitechapel Gallery, London, 2007) and a forthcoming debate on "The Transdisciplinary Studio" (ICA, London).
Recent conferences, seminars and debates participated in include: "The DesignArt Debate" (Royal College of Art, 2004), "Dan Flavin: Switched On" (The Courtauld Institute, 2006), "Ellsworth Kelly" (The Serpentine Gallery, 2006) "M/M: Critical Forum" (The Royal College of Art, 2006), "Jorge Pardo: Critical Forum" (The Royal College of Art, 2009), "Konstantin Grcic: Design Real" (Serpentine Gallery, 2009), "Felix Beltran: Critical Forum" (Royal College of Art, 2010), "Design = Art?" (Ikon Gallery, Birmingham, 2010), "Jorge Pardo: Roundtable Debate" (IMMA, Ireland, 2010), "Art and Design: Friends or Foes?" (Saatchi Gallery, London, 2011), and "Ronald Jones: Critical Forum" (Royal College of Art, 2011).
Academic Posts.
In November 2011 Coles was appointed Professor of Transdisciplinary Studies, School of Art, Design and Architecture, University of Huddersfield.
Previously, Coles had been a lecturer at Goldsmiths College in the Department of Art History, senior lecturer in Fine Art at University College for the Creative Arts, and chair of Fine Arts, Otis College of Art and Design, Los Angeles. During the academic year 2010/2011, he lectured on the Critical Forum at the Royal College of Art, the MA in Fine Art at Chelsea College of Art and Design, and the MA in Experience Design at Konstfack, Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="19876749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876749" title="Túrós csusza">
Túrós csusza

Turos csusza () is a Hungarian savoury curd cheese noodle dish or cottage cheese noodle dish made with small home-made noodles or pasta.
"Turoscsusza" is a traditional pasta dish in Hungarian cuisine.
The original Hungarian noodles used for this dish are home-made with flour and eggs, mixed into a dough, and torn by hand into uneven fingernail-sized pieces that are then boiled in water. Spaghetti, fusilli or large egg macaroni bows can also be used instead of the home-made noodles.
The noodles are cooked in salt water and drained, mixed with butter, crumbled curd cheese (traditionally sheep's milk cheese) or cottage cheese, chopped fried crispy bacon, topped with special thick Hungarian sour cream (tejföl) and lightly salted. The mixture is then heated in the oven for a few minutes before serving.
Other Hungarian pasta dishes.
Savoury.
Cheese pasta.
The pasta is cooked in salt water and drained, mixed with butter. Layers of the cooked pasta, alternating with layers of grated cheese are baked in the oven.
Cabbage squares.
Cabbage square or Cabbage and Noodles is a savoury Hungarian pasta dish.
Macaroni bows or home-made thin pasta squares (like tiny mini lasagne) are boiled in salted water, drained, and mixed with some cooking oil or fat. The finely grated cabbage is slowly sautéed in a bowl with oil or fat, with salt, freshly ground black pepper and a pinch of sugar, until it becomes golden brown. The cabbage is then mixed into the hot pasta, and served immediately.
Sweet.
Walnut pasta.
Layers of pasta, jam and ground walnuts mixed with sugar, finished with noodles, are placed into a buttered pan. The dish is heated in the oven for a short while and served hot.
Poppy seed pasta.
Cooked pasta is blended with melted butter in a pan. Sugar and ground poppy seeds are mixed and sprinkled on the hot noodles, and served immediately. This dish is also a Polish meal and a Polish Christmas dish.

</doc>
<doc id="19876756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876756" title="Cedric (disambiguation)">
Cedric (disambiguation)

Cedric is a male given name.
Cedric may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19876757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876757" title="Kyriacos A. Athanasiou">
Kyriacos A. Athanasiou

Kyriacos A. Athanasiou (born August 1, 1960) is a renowned bioengineer who has contributed significantly to both academic advancements as well as high-technology industries. He is currently a Distinguished Professor at the University of California, Davis where he also serves as the Chair of the Biomedical Engineering department. Before he joined the University of California in 2009, he was the Karl F. Hasselmann Professor at Rice University. He has published hundreds of scientific articles detailing structure-function relationships and tissue engineering approaches for articular cartilage, the knee meniscus, and the temporomandibular joint.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Athanasiou was born in Larnaca, Cyprus on August 1, 1960. He went to Sotir Elementary School and St. George High School. In 1978, he graduated valedictorian from high school and then joined the army for 26 months as part of his mandatory military duty. During that time, he trained at an infantry cadet school eventually becoming a second lieutenant. In August 1980, he came to the United States to attend college. He spent his first year at Brescia College in Owensboro, Kentucky. He then moved with relatives in Long Island, New York.
Athanasiou received his Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from New York Institute of Technology at Old Westbury in 1984. He obtained his Masters degree from Columbia University in 1985, his Masters of Philosophy from Columbia University in 1987, and his Doctor of Philosophy degree from Columbia University in 1989.
Academic.
Kyriacos Athanasiou has established one of the most recognized research groups in bioengineering, specializing in the cartilages of the musculoskeletal system. Upon obtaining his Ph.D. in early 1989, Athanasiou became an assistant professor at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. He became an associate professor in 1994. He was recruited to Rice University as a full professor of bioengineering at the end of 1999. His group has worked extensively on cartilages of the musculoskeletal system both in terms of characterization but also in efforts to achieve healing or repair of the clinically complex problems of cartilage afflictions, including trauma and osteoarthritis.
Athanasiou published one of the first papers on the use of biodegradable scaffolds as carriers of growth factors to heal cartilage defects "in vivo". Four of his papers on identifying structure-function relationships in articular cartilage are standard in the field. His group has directed his attention to tissue engineering the jaw joint disc (TMJ disc) and the knee meniscus, whose degradation is responsible for a large number of debilitating problems. TMJ disc degeneration and meniscus injuries result in arthritic-like diseases that strike otherwise healthy young adults. In addition to tissue-level work, Athanasiou has established a highly innovative program to understand how single cartilage cells behave under direct and controlled biomechanical loads, not only in terms of deformation but also in terms of changes in gene expression. This work represents the first measurement of gene levels at the single cell level under varying biomechanical conditions. His group has also demonstrated the fabrication of entire sections of articular cartilage by self-assembly of cells, without the use of any scaffolds. Their group also demonstrated that hydrostatic pressure in conjunction with growth factors can have synergistic effects on the functional properties of engineered cartilage. The biomechanical, histological, transcriptional, and biochemical properties of this engineered cartilage approach those of native articular cartilage. An interesting paper on why cartilage healing is so difficult was also published in Science (journal) in 2012. A relevant podcast is also available. 
High-technology companies.
In addition to his academic accomplishments, Athanasiou is known for his significant contributions in co-founding five companies based on technologies co-developed by his group. His first company Osteobiologics, founded in 1993, was based, among other inventions, on the development of acellular scaffolds for the treatment of focal cartilage lesions. This was the first ever implant for this application. The company was acquired by Smith & Nephew in 2006. Another company co-founded by Athanasiou is Vidacare based on Athanasiou et al.'s patents on intraosseous infusion.
Service to the biomedical engineering profession.
In the Summer of 2002, Professor Athanasiou was elected President of the Biomedical Engineering Society. He served as BMES President from 2003-04. During his tenure, BMES assumed accreditation responsibilities becoming a member of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET). Also, the Annals of Biomedical Engineering, the flagship publication of BMES, changed publishers and format. Regional industry sections of BMES were also established and the first international affiliates program was initiated.
Honors.
In November 2012, he received the Nemitsas Prize, which is considered to be the Nobel prize equivalent for people of Cypriot descent (NemitsasFoundation.org). Please also see his speech in Greek here: (Athanasiou speech at Nemitsas Foundation ceremony)

</doc>
<doc id="19876761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876761" title="Mangamma Sapatham (1943 film)">
Mangamma Sapatham (1943 film)

Mangamma Sapatham is a 1943 Tamil language film, starring Ranjan, Vasundhara Devi, N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Mathuram. The film was produced by S. S. Vasan and directed by T. G. Raghavanchari.
Plot.
A village girl is humiliated by a prince and vows to take revenge. She vows to make the prince marry her and have a child who would whip the prince in the court. However, her plans are almost foiled when the prince imprisons her when she tries to seduce him. The story revolves on how she tricks him into falling in love with her and begets a son through the prince who ultimately whips him in court.

</doc>
<doc id="19876763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876763" title="2005 BMW Open">
2005 BMW Open

The 2005 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from April 25 to May 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19876766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876766" title="Ivan Neill">
Ivan Neill

Sir Ivan Neill (1 July 1906–November 2001) was an Army officer and Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Early life.
Born in Belfast, Ireland, Neill studied at Ravenscroft National School and Shaftesbury Tutorial College before receiving a BSc in Economics from Queen's University, Belfast. He ran a firm of building contractors in East Belfast before joining the Royal Engineers as an officer in 1939. He served with the military until 1946, by which time he held the rank of major.
Political activity.
In 1946, Neill was elected to Belfast Corporation as an Ulster Unionist Party member, and two years later, he became an alderman, serving until 1950. At the Northern Ireland general election, 1949, he was elected for Belfast Ballynafeigh. In January 1950, he was made Minister of Labour, and was appointed to the Privy Council of Northern Ireland. In this post, he sometimes spoke against his Government's policy - for example, against the 1956 Rent Bill which permitted landlords to increase rents in order to improve properties, while in 1958 he was rebuked for making a critical speech on economic policy.
He held the post until 1962, when he became Minister of Education, then in 1964 he moved to become Minister of Finance and Leader of the House of Commons. He was stripped of the Leadership of the House the following spring, and resigned from the Government in April, feeling that he was being marginalised in favour of William Craig.
In 1964, Neill again took a seat as an alderman on Belfast Corporation, this time serving for six years. In December 1968, he returned to the Government as Minister of Development, then in March 1969, he was elected as the Speaker of the House of Commons.
The Official Irish Republican Army attempted to kidnap Neill from his house near Rostrevor, in October 1971. They were unsuccessful, but in December, his house was burnt down in an arson attack.
The Parliament was prorogued in 1972. In March 1973, the British Government published its plans to replace the Parliament with the Northern Ireland Assembly. Neill resigned as a Member of Parliament and as Speaker. He was not replaced, and was therefore the last Speaker of the Parliament of Northern Ireland. He received a knighthood and withdrew from politics.
In 1995, Neill wrote an autobiography, "Church and State". In this, he called on unionists to put aside their differences.

</doc>
<doc id="19876793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876793" title="Killer's Carnival">
Killer's Carnival

"Killer's Carnival" (, , ) is a 1966 crime film directed by Alberto Cardone and starring Stewart Granger.
Plot.
A murderer takes refuge in a doctor's home, and the doctor tells him three stories in an attempt to convince him that crime doesn't pay.

</doc>
<doc id="19876804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876804" title="Cecilie Løveid">
Cecilie Løveid

Cecilie Løveid (born 1951) is a Norwegian novelist, poet, playwright, and writer of children's books. She was born in Mysen.
She made her literary debut in 1972, with the novel "Most". She received the "Gyldendal Prize" in 2001. Løveid's first play was the one-act "Tingene, tingene", published in the literary magazine "Vinduet" in 1976. In total she has written about thirty plays, librettos or other texts for radio or stage performance.
In 2013 the poem "Punishment" ("Straff") was printed in "Aftenposten", as "This Week's Poem", on April 8. In an interview with the newspaper she said that the poem is about Breivik, and that she has no opinion about the verdict of his trial—because that is outside the scope of the poem. The poem starts with "I am glad that he got the punishment that he got. As is known, he will be led by the hand, from grave to grave." It ends with "Therefore, and even if he does all of this, it will be calm/quiet."

</doc>
<doc id="19876829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876829" title="Benelli Raffaello">
Benelli Raffaello

The Benelli Raffaello semi-automatic shotgun is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA.
Design details.
The shotgun has a relatively small number of component parts, incorporating a simple operating principle. The main features of the mechanism are the turning block bolt locking system and the cartridge feeding system (cut off). 
Operation.
Benelli's range of semi-automatic shotguns operate on the same basic principle of inertial operation, with a fixed barrel, utilizing the kinetic energy of gun recoil. This system requires no outlet for gas or barrel recoil, but operates by means of a spring freely interposed between bolt head and bolt.
During firing, due to the recoil of the gun, breech block inertia makes it move about 4 mm forward in relation to the power of the cartridge, compressing the spring. When this is fully compressed, it overcomes breech block inertia, thrusting it to the rear under residual pressure, permitting cartridge case extraction and reloading with the conventional system.
The pressure of the spring is calculated to delay the opening of the action, which occurs after the shot has left the barrel, and to regulate the different pressures produced by cartridges of varying power, with no need for braking.

</doc>
<doc id="19876868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876868" title="2006 BMW Open">
2006 BMW Open

The 2006 BMW Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Munich, Germany. The tournament was held from May 1 to May 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19876877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876877" title="Great Sturton">
Great Sturton

Great Sturton is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately from the market town of Horncastle.
The hamlet has twelve houses and fewer than 40 residents. Neighbouring villages are Sotby, Baumber, Hatton and Ranby.
Great Sturton church is dedicated to All Saints, and is a Grade II* listed building dating from the 11th century. It was restored in 1904 by T. J. Micklethwaite.
Both a middle and a late Bronze Age spearhead were found at Great Sturton.
There are two deserted medieval villages (DMV) listed for Great Sturton; one was Sudtone, the other the hamlet of Lowthorpe.
Sturton Hall.
The first Sturton Hall is a Grade II listed ruin. The house was deserted in 1810 when the Livesey family bought the manor and built a new Hall in Sturton Park.
The Manor, with neighbouring Baumber, once belonged to Thomas Dighton whose daughter and Heiress married Edward Clinton, the second son of the first Earl Of Lincoln, whos successors were the Dukes of Newcastle. These estates remained in the family until they were sold to Thomas Livesey of Blackburn, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="19876910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876910" title="Uros Vico">
Uros Vico

Uros Vico (born February 19, 1981 in Split) is a Croatian-born Italian tennis player. 
Vico has yet to win any titles on the ATP Tour and has reached one final, in doubles. He plays mainly "challenger" tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="19876923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876923" title="Damian Williams (American football)">
Damian Williams (American football)

Damian Williams (born May 26, 1988) is a wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans. He played college football at the University of Arkansas, and then at the University of Southern California, where he was an All Pac-10 selection.
High school career.
Williams attended high school at Springdale High School under head coach Gus Malzahn. During his senior year, he played wide receiver, running back and defensive back and earned accolades as an All-American, catching 63 passes for 1,495 yards with 24 touchdowns, running for 463 yards on 31 carries with 12 touchdowns and had eight kickoff returns for 254 yards with two touchdowns on offense, while also making 25 tackles and 3 interceptions (one for a touchdown) on defense despite missing several games with injuries. Springdale went 14-0 in 2005, won the Arkansas state championship and finished No. 2 nationally.
Williams initially planned on attending the University of Florida, but, in February 2006, switched to Arkansas, joining three other star teammates who had already committed.
College career.
Arkansas.
Growing up in Springdale, Arkansas, Williams began his college career at nearby Arkansas, joining Springdale High School teammates and star recruits, quarterback Mitch Mustain, and tight end Ben Cleveland. Head coach Houston Nutt's Razorbacks football team had hired the trio's high school coach, Gus Malzahn, as his offensive coordinator a few months before signing day. As a first-year freshman, Williams started 5 games for the Razorbacks and appeared in all 13 games, catching 19 passes for 235 yards and 2 touchdowns while ranking second in receptions on the team. He was honored as a 2006 "Sporting News" Freshman Third-team All-American and Freshman All-SEC.
By the latter half of the 2006 season, the Razorbacks' offense had become run-oriented, behind star running back Darren McFadden. In mid-December, Williams' parents, along with those of two other freshmen, met with Arkansas athletic director Frank Broyles to raise concerns that their sons might not be a good fit for the Razorbacks' system when they had been used to a pass oriented, spread offense under Malzahn's tenure at Springdale. Soon after the meeting, Williams asked for a release to transfer to another school and it was granted; by early January 2007, he decided to transfer to USC, entering in the spring semester. Malzahn soon left to join the coaching staff at Tulsa and Mustain later joined his teammate at USC.
Southern California.
Due to NCAA transfer rules, Williams was required to sit out a season; however, Williams was permitted to play on the scout team and take a redshirt year. He tore a ligament in his shoulder during 2007 spring practice and sat out most of spring drills, then had post-spring surgery on both shoulders, limiting his practice time during the 2007 season.
During the 2008 spring practice, Williams impressed and quickly climbed to be a starting receiver for the Trojans going into the 2008 season. He developed into one of quarterback Mark Sanchez' primary receivers, catching 48 passes for 707 yards and eight touchdowns during the regular season. In the 2009 Rose Bowl, Williams made 10 receptions for 162 yards and a touchdown. Williams was First-team All-Pac 10 in 2009 as a Wide Receiver and Punt Returner.
Professional career.
2010 NFL Draft.
On December 23, 2009, several sources reported that Williams, who had already graduated from USC, would enter the 2010 NFL Draft, forgoing his final year of college football eligibility.
In the 2010 NFL Draft, Williams was selected with the 77th pick by the Tennessee Titans. On 30 July 2010 Williams signed a 4 year, $2.61 million deal.
Damian Williams made his first career start against the Cleveland Browns on October 2, 2011, after the injury to Kenny Britt, who went down on September 25, 2011, tearing his ACL and MCL. Damian made his first career NFL touchdown catch against the Cleveland Browns on October 2, 2011 from a pass thrown by Matt Hasselbeck.

</doc>
<doc id="19876927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876927" title="Grzegorz Motyka (historian)">
Grzegorz Motyka (historian)

Grzegorz Motyka (born 1967) is a Polish historian, specializing in the history of the Polish-Ukrainian relations. Since 1992 employed in the Institute of Political Studies of the Polish Academy of Sciences and in the Institute of National Remembrance.

</doc>
<doc id="19876974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876974" title="Duane Milne">
Duane Milne

Duane Milne is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 167th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006.
Milne attended the College of William and Mary and earned a Ph.D. in Political Science at the University of Delaware. He is a professor of Political Science at West Chester University and has written academic papers on federalism and public sector management. He also has worked as an organizational consultant and has gained international experience through business projects in countries throughout Asia, including China, Japan, South Korea and the Philippines.
He is a captain in the Pennsylvania Guard Reserve Force and is a member of the Chester County Voting Reform Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19876978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19876978" title="Meera (1945 film)">
Meera (1945 film)

Meera is a 1945 Tamil-language film starring M. S. Subbulakshmi, Kumari Kamala, T. S. Baliah and Chittoor V. Nagaiah based on the life of the devotional singer and dancer Meera. The film was directed by American film director Ellis R. Dungan.
Plot.
The story is set around 1580 AD during the time of Emperor Akbar. Young Meera (Radha Viswanathan), inﬂuenced by the Andal-Krishna story, is deeply in love with Krishna, so much so that she considers Krishna to be her husband after she garlands him on an auspicious day as advised by her mother. As Meera grows into a young woman (M. S. Subbulakshmi), her devotion to Krishna grows.
Much against her wishes, Meera is married to Rana (Chittor V. Nagaiah), the king of Mewar. But even after marriage, her love for Krishna remains unchanged. She follows her own ideals and way of living which are not acceptable to Rana and his family, especially his brother Vikraman (T. S. Balaiah) and sister Udra Devi. Meera requests Rana to construct a temple for Krishna in Chittoor (capital of Mewar). Out of love for her, Rana agrees and constructs a temple. An overjoyed Meera remains in the temple most of the time, singing in praise of Krishna along with other devotees and avoids staying at the palace.
On Vijayadasami day, Rana expects Meera to be with him at the royal assembly, when other kings come to offer their respects. But on her way to the assembly, Meera hears Krishna's ﬂute playing, returns to the temple and remains there. The king gets angry when he realises that Meera has gone back to the temple again, thus ignoring her duties as a wife. To get rid of Meera, Vikraman gives a poisoned drink through Udra, but Meera is saved by Krishna and the poison does not affect her. Instead, Krishna's idol at the Dwarakadheesh Temple (the origin of Krishna) becomes deep blue (the poison effect), the temple doors close spontaneously, and remain closed.
At Delhi, Akbar learns about Meera's singing and devotion to Krishna. He sends her a pearl necklace as a gift, which Meera puts on Krishna's idol. Rana gets angry when he comes to know of these developments and her disinterest to fulﬁll her duties as a wife and queen; he orders the demolition of the temple using cannons so that she will come out. Vikraman goes to the temple and orders Meera and the other devotees to come out before the demolition begins. However, Meera refuses, stays back in the temple and continues her bhajans.
Meanwhile, Rana comes to know from his sister Udra about Vikraman's failed attempt to kill Meera by poison. Shocked when he realises Meera's real identity (she is one with Krishna), he rushes to meet her in the temple which is about to be demolished. When a cannon is ﬁred, Rana stops it and gets injured. When Meera hears Krishna calling her, she admits to Rana that she has failed in her duties as a wife. She explains that her heart is with Krishna and seeks Rana’s permission to leave palace life and her desire to visit Krishna's temple at Dwaraka. Rana realises her devotion and allows her to go. Once Meera leaves, the Mewar kingdom suffers serious drought and the subjects plead with Rana to bring Meera back, so Rana goes in search of her. Meera ﬁrst goes to Brindavanam and meets the sage (Serukalathur Sama) who originally predicted about her devotion. Together, they leave for Dwaraka, the birthplace of Krishna; on reaching the temple, she starts singing in praise of Krishna. Rana, who has followed her, also reaches the temple. The doors of the temple, which were closed till then, open. Krishna appears and invites Meera inside. Meera runs towards the god and falls dead while her soul merges with him. Rana comes rushing in only to ﬁnd Meera’s corpse. Meera’s devotion to Krishna is ﬁnally rewarded and she is united with him.
Production.
Development.
Sadasivam dreamt of taking M. S. Subbulakshmi's music even to the common man. Nothing but cinema would be able to achieve this goal, he knew. So he started looking for a good story. He had several discussions with intellectual friends like Kalki, and was of the opinion that if Subbulakshmi was to act in a film, it could not be a mass entertainer, but would need to carry a universal and uplifting message for the masses. And what better "rasa" than "bhakti" to convey lofty ideas! After much deliberation, Subbulakshmi herself chose the story of "Meera".
"Meera" was launched in 1943, and while Subbulakshmi was cast as the titular character, her stepdaughter Radha Viswanathan was recruited to play the younger Meera. To prepare for the part of Meera, Subbulakshmi stated that she would go to all the places where Meera had wandered in search of the elusive Krishna, and would worship at all the holy temples that Meera worshipped at. Kannada singer-actor Honnappa Bhagavathar was the first choice to play Meera's husband King Rana which he accepted, but was later replaced by Chittor V. Nagaiah, much to Bhagavathar's annoyance. Nagaiah was the own choice of the film's director Ellis R. Dungan. An undisclosed person suggested P. U. Chinnappa, but Dungan rejected him as he felt the actor was "uncouth and did not have the regal presence" needed for the role. According to Dungan, Nagaiah "proved the right choice for a Rajput king".
N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Madhuram were supposed to have acted in Meera. However, Krishnan was arrested in December 1944 as a suspect in the Lakshmikantham Murder Case, precluding him from acting in the film. Others added to the cast were T. S. Durairaj, K. R. Chellam, K. Sarangapani, T. S. Balaiah, Serukalathur Sama, T. S. Durairaj, "Appa" K. Duraiswami, and M. G. Ramachandran in a minor role. Kumari Kamala was chosen to act as Krishna, an irony as the character is male while Kamala is female. She also appeared as Krishna in some "cut-away shots" in the scene of the song "Kaatriniley varum geetham" that was choreographed by Ramaiah Pillai.
Filming.
Dungan, being a well-trained technician in Hollywood, brought in many creative and technical innovations that were never seen before in Indian cinema of that period. Dungan shot a scene that "created history in south Indian film technique". The toddler Meera (Radha), changes into a young woman (Subbulakshmi), and the transition is made with the song "Nanda balaa enn manaalaa" sung by Radha and Subbulakshmi. When the changeover takes place, there is a 45-second, fast-paced musical interlude by the background orchestra as bridge as part of the song. Normally such background musical interludes are recorded along with the song in a recording studio long before the shooting of the film commences. But Dungan did not do so.
He shot the scene first and the changeover sequence consisted of a number of shots of the statue of Krishna, lighted candles with flames flickering, flowers on trays, prayer offerings, Krishna's flute in the statue, and then a cut to a close-up of Subbulakshmi singing with heavy feeling and emotion, "Hey! Murali... Mohana..." The shots were static, and also on fast trolley in close-up. (There were no zoom lenses in India before 1945) Dungan edited them all himself into a speedily cut fast-paced sequence first. Then, music director S. V. Venkataraman composed the background music, in rhythm with the shots in a recording theatre. It was the first time such a technique was used in Indian cinema.
Dungan had studied the history and culture of the Rajputs, even the colour of the bangles worn by Rajput maidens on their wedding day. He declared that, to be "credible and historically accurate", they would have to shoot the film on actual locations in Rajasthan, including the sacred spots of Brindavan and Dwaraka. A 20-member crew including Subbulakshmi, Radha, Dungan and cameraman Jiten landed first in Brindavan, young Krishna's playground. On the first day of shoot, Subbulakshmi led a group of "bhajan" singers through the streets singing "Brindavan ki mangal lila".
During the shooting, Subbulakshmi had a providential escape from drowning. The scene to be shot was one in which Meera would cross the Yamuna in a boat, the boat would capsize and she would be saved by Krishna who would appear in the guise of a boatman. While the shooting was in progress, Subbulakshmi accidentally hurt her head and fell unconscious. The crew rescued her, but only after a few anxious moments. Next stop was Jaipur. Over there, shooting took place at the old springtime mansion at the Purana Ghat. The famous scene shot there was of Meera sitting by the marble pool and strolling in the garden, singing of the magic flute which had enchanted her from childhood.
Shooting also took place at Dwaraka, the native town of Krishna's birth. As Dungan was not a Hindu, he was not allowed to enter the Krishna temple. Therefore, he disguised himself as a Kashmiri pundit, wearing a turban and fake beard, and he went in unquestioned.
Release.
Reception.
"Meera" was released on Deepavali Day in 1945. Two years later, the Hindi version came out in 1947, and with it MS became a national celebrity. The film had an on-screen introduction by the noted politician and poet, Sarojini Naidu, who described MS as "The Nightingale of India". The film was seen by Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the Mountbattens and other leaders who became her ardent fans and friends. She went on to conquer new areas around the world and became an international celebrity. The film was screened at various film festivals such as Prague Film Festival, Venice Film Festival and Toronto Film Festival.
Reviews.
"The Free Press Journal" said, "Meera transports us into a different world of bhakti, piety and melody. It shatters the misguided belief that film music is inferior. Subbulakshmi follows no stereotyped techniques in acting. She is just Meera." IBN Live included the film in its list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="19877001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877001" title="RLEF Euro Med Challenge">
RLEF Euro Med Challenge

The Euro-Med Challenge is an international rugby league football competition. The competition is organized by the Rugby League European Federation and is designed to promote the sport of rugby league in Europe and the Mediterranean Region. The Euro Med Challenge is a second or third tier competition for European rugby league teams. 
Because of its place as a developmental competition, it is not always contested by the same nations. In 2008, it was contested among Russia, Serbia and Lebanon. All three of these teams, however, were promoted to the European Cup in 2009, so three new teams were selected for the 2009 installment: Morocco, Belgium and Catalonia.
2008.
Russia won the 2008 tournament, which was expected to hinge on the Russia-Lebanon game. However, many of the Lebanese players could not obtain visas to travel to Russia in time for the match. This resulted in one-sided scoreline in Russia's favour and handed them the tournament.
2009.
In 2009, the RLEF announced that Russia, Lebanon and Serbia would be promoted to a revamped European Nations Cup. The Euro-Med Challenge was therefore contested by three new teams in 2009 – Belgium and Catalonia, who made their competitive debuts, and Morocco. Belgium recorded their first international win, beating Catalonia in game 2 of the tournament, but the experienced Moroccan team won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19877019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877019" title="Gnesio-Lutherans">
Gnesio-Lutherans

"Gnesio-Lutherans" (from Greek γνήσιος : genuine, authentic) is a modern name for a theological party in the Lutheran Church, in opposition to the Philippists after the death of Martin Luther and before the Formula of Concord. In their own day they were called Flacians by their opponents and simply Lutherans by themselves. Later Flacian became to mean an adherent of Matthias Flacius' extreme view of original sin, rejected by the Formula of Concord. In a broader meaning, the term Gnesio-Lutheran is associated mostly with the defense of the doctrine of Real Presence. 
Controversies.
After the death of Luther, many theological controversies arose among the Lutherans, mostly due to teaching of Philip Melanchthon. Gnesio-Lutherans were profiled by defending Martin Luther's doctrine, in the beginning led by Matthias Flacius. The Gnesio-Lutherans exercised strict doctrinal discipline, but they also opposed with equal determination what they considered to be the errors of their fellow-combatants like von Amsdorf (Amsdorfians), Flacius (Flacians), Poach, and others. The centres of Gnesio-Lutherans were Magdeburg and the University of Jena.
Gnesio-Lutherans were involved in:
Other Gnesio-Luherans were Caspar Aquila, Joachim Westphal, Johann Wigand, Matthäus Judex, Joachim Mörlin, Tilemann Heshusius, Johann Timann, Simon Musaeus, Erasmus Sarcerius, and Aegidius Hunnius. 
The Crypto-Calvinistic Controversy.
The Crypto-Calvinistic Controversy was the largest of the controversies of the second generation of the Lutheran Reformation. Since it was far more fundamental to Lutheran Church, also other Lutherans outside of the Flacian party took the Gnesio-Lutheran position against Philippism and Crypto-Calvinism. In the middle between the Philippists and the Gnesio-Lutherans, there was a "Centrist party", which included Johannes Brenz, Jakob Andreae, Martin Chemnitz, Nikolaus Selnecker, David Chytraeus, Andreas Musculus, and others. Unlike the Gnesio-Lutherans, the members of the "centre party" were opposed to any unnecessary controversies involving no doctrinal differences, and careful not to fall into any extreme position themselves. The Gnesio-Lutheran Joachim Westphal was first to write to defend the Real Presence against the Calvinists, and Melanchthon stigmatzed his and other Gnesio-Lutherans' doctrine as "bread worship".

</doc>
<doc id="19877034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877034" title="Shelter Island (How I Met Your Mother)">
Shelter Island (How I Met Your Mother)

"Shelter Island" is the fifth episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 69th overall. It originally aired on October 20, 2008.
Plot.
Marshall, Lily and Barney are at the bar, when Ted and Stella arrive. Stella grabs Barney's drink out of his hand and finishes it. She then starts ranting about how her sister is stealing her dream wedding on Shelter Island at sunset. She explains they were just at dinner with Stella's sister, whose wedding is identical to Stella's dream. Stella's sister also mentions that she's a vegan, after which Ted proceeds to order the lamb. Back at the bar Ted swears that they will out-do Stella's sister's wedding. Stella says she hopes the wedding goes downhill. 
The story then cuts to the restaurant again, where Stella's sister is eating steak and going on a tirade about her ex-fiance, who ran off with a "vitamin consultant from Whole Foods." She had given up make up, showering, and shaving her armpits for him. The wedding was supposed to be that weekend and she can't get all her deposits back. 
Future Ted comments that when you're in a relationship you develop a kind of telepathic link with your partner. He believes they should pay for Stella's sister's meal and thinks he's agreeing with Stella across the table. Stella believes they should take over the wedding and pay her sister back for every dollar she has spent. Ted isn't sure, but Stella says that she wasted years trying to get Lucy's father, Tony, ready for marriage, and that she used to dream that Tony was "spontaneous enough." Ted agrees and tries to be spontaneous, throwing water in his face.
The story then stops as Future Ted gives the moral of the episode to his kids, as he says it is too important to leave til the end: "Don't ever invite an ex to your wedding."
Meanwhile in 2008, Robin is in Japan "finally doing serious news" on the number one English news channel in Japan, where she sits next to a chimpanzee with a giant bowl of marshmallows, which it throws at Robin while she is talking about the stock market. Another newscast features a "Giant Fan" blowing Robin's notes and hair everywhere while she struggles to talk about the news. Ted calls Robin and asks her to come to his wedding. Although she's unsure at first, she agrees to come.
Barney, Ted, Marshall, and Lily are at the bar, where Barney is being unusually supportive of Ted's marriage. Lily asks Barney why he hasn't tried to stop the wedding, and Barney explains it's a lost cause. He also says he's been working on a problem of utmost importance concerning Ted's marriage: He wants to have sex with Robin again, and the wedding is the best chance to hook up with her. Lily doesn't believe he'll be able to ignore the other women at the wedding.
The day before the wedding the group make a trip to Shelter Island, only to find the venue is a Yoga resort, where the bar has a no-alcohol policy, and the all-inclusive meals are 100% vegan. With no alcohol, Barney doesn't know how he's going to get Robin back into bed, as his plan depends on her being drunk. Barney, Lily, and Marshall are also frightened by the bartender, who they are fairly sure is a former member of The Spin Doctors (luckily for them, they were wrong).
Soon, Ted tells them there's a problem: Stella doesn't want Robin at the wedding, fearing that the spark may come back between Robin and Ted. As a compromise, Ted suggests inviting Tony, but Stella completely disagrees. Marshall says he agrees with Stella, and thinks Robin shouldn't come, while Barney disagrees for his own sake. Lily breaks the tie by saying the bride's wish is final, so Barney offers to call Robin. After talking to her and confirming she's coming, he lies to the others, saying he couldn't reach her.
Lily scoffs at Stella's wedding jitters and Marshall puts her in her place with a few flashbacks to when she (Lily) had "freaked out about her own freakouts" at her wedding. Lily tells Ted to wait for the next crisis, solve it, be the hero, then try to convince Stella to let Robin attend. Four minutes later, Tony refuses to bring Stella's daughter Lucy to the wedding. Ted decides to go convince Tony to allow Lucy to come to the wedding. Barney, meanwhile, meets Stella's sister, who wants to do dirty, depraved things to forget that this was supposed to be her wedding. Barney tries to resist, thinking of Robin, but eventually gives in.
When Ted arrives at Tony's house, Tony agrees to let Lucy come, but only after Ted asks him to come as well. They get back to the wedding, where Stella is upset to see Tony, before Robin arrives to make things worse. Ted argues with Stella, and they agree to tell their ex they cannot attend the wedding. At first, Stella wants to talk to Robin and Ted to talk to Tony, and Future Ted plays out a scenario where he and Stella get married and the future kids become blond. In reality Ted goes to talk to Robin. 
Robin agrees with Ted that it is weird for her to be at the wedding. She tells him that she quit her job in Tokyo and is moving back to New York, and that he shouldn't rush into getting married, because he deserves an amazing ending to his quest for a wife. She also adds that she thought, if she ever changed her mind about wanting to get married and have kids, she wanted him to be there, and that there may still be something between them.
Ted disagrees and storms off. Robin tries to hang out with Barney, but he has a woman tied to his bedpost, so Robin leaves. Stella's sister arrives, and it is revealed the woman tied to the bed is actually from the front desk, and Barney ends up having a threesome with the two women. 
Ted goes to talk to Stella, but instead finds a card saying she has run away with Tony. Marshall, Lily and Barney try to console Ted, while Robin sees Stella and Tony together on the ferry from Shelter Island. Ted finally understands that Stella wasn't really worried about Robin coming to the wedding, but was thinking about her unresolved issues with Tony.
Production.
In an interview for Television Without Pity, series co-creator Craig Thomas praised guest star Jason Jones, saying that they "all just dorked out" when casting him because they were such fans of "The Daily Show". They then thanked the latter program for its coverage of the 2008 election.
Critical response.
AVClub gave the episode a B+.

</doc>
<doc id="19877041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877041" title="John Stephenson (cricketer, born 1907)">
John Stephenson (cricketer, born 1907)

Lieutenant-Colonel John William Arthur Stephenson DSO (1 August 1907 – 20 May 1982) was a Hong-Kong-born English cricketer who played first-class cricket in both India and England from the late 1920s until shortly after the Second World War. His "Wisden" obituarist opined that "there would always have been fewer empty grounds" had more players been like him. He was also a British Army officer, who saw service in the Second World War.
Stephenson was educated at Clayesmore School. On 2 February 1928, after having played some games for Buckinghamshire in the 1927 Minor Counties Championship while training at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Middlesex Regiment . Posted to India, he made his first-class cricket debut for the Europeans against the Muslims at Bombay Gymkhana in the 1928/29 Bombay Quadrangular tournament, scoring 17 and 42 runs as well as taking 2 for 24 in the second innings.
In his next match, against Parsees, he scored his maiden century, hitting 135 in the first innings.
He played one more game for Europeans that season, then two more the following year, without much success. In 1930/31 he played for Madras against the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram's XI, then returned to the Europeans side and produced a good all-round display against Indians, making 117 (he never made another first-class century) and taking six wickets in an innings victory.
Stephenson was promoted to lieutenant on 2 February 1931, and returned to England later that year. He again turned out for Buckinghamshire, but in August made his English first-class debut for the Army against MCC at Lord's. In a low-scoring match, his 20 not out in the second innings helped guide the Army to a four-wicket win.
Over the next couple of seasons, he mixed further appearances for the Army (although not achieving any particular success) with continued appearances for Buckinghamshire.
He began 1934 with a game for Free Foresters against Cambridge University at Fenner's in early June, and took 4-99 in the first innings; at that stage his best innings return.
A few days later, Stephenson commenced the Essex career which he would continue until the outbreak of war. His most successful season was 1936, in which he recorded his highest aggregates of both runs (521 at 18.60) and wickets (84 at 22.19).
That summer also saw him record his best bowling figures, when he claimed 9-46 for the Gentlemen against the Players at Lord's, which remains the best innings return ever recorded for the Gentlemen.
Following this performance, there was talk that Stephenson might be preferred to Bill Copson for the Ashes tour that winter, but it was not to be.
Stephenson was promoted to captain on 12 April 1937, and for the 1937 and 1938 cricket seasons his army duties precluded his playing a full season of cricket, but he continued to turn out for Essex when he could, and managed about 50 wickets in each season. In 1939 he played much more, and acted as captain on a number of occasions, one of three players so employed by Essex that year.
Stephenson retired from the army on 1 July 1939, but the outbreak of war soon saw him recalled. During the war he continued to serve with the Middlesex Regiment, rising to the war substantive rank of major, and as a temporary lieutenant-colonel he commanded the 1/7th Battalion of the regiment in North Africa. For his leadership of the battalion (which formed the machine gun battalion of the 51st (Highland) Infantry Division) at the Second Battle of Alamein and during the subsequent advance on Tripoli—and particularly for his actions at Corradini and during the attack on the Mareth Line—the divisional commander, Major-General Douglas Wimberley, recommended him for an immediate award of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). The recommendation for the award describes how he personally ensured that the battalion supported the infantry, sometimes leading individual companies under heavy fire, and his carrying out of reconnaissance under fire. The commander of Eighth Army (the Desert Rats), General Bernard Montgomery, endorsed the recommendation with the words, "I very strongly recommend this award". The award of the DSO was gazetted on 17 June 1943. Stephenson was also subsequently Mentioned in Despatches on 13 January 1944. He did not continue in active service after the war, he was promoted to substantive major in the Reserve of Officers on 1 January 1949, and granted honorary rank as a lieutenant-colonel at the same time. He remained in the reserve until he reached the age limit for service on 6 November 1957.
The Second World War also effectively ended his cricket career, although he did play three first-class matches afterwards. The first of these, for England against the Australian Services in May 1945, was in fact the first first-class game to have been played in England since 1939, and Stephenson took 5-116 in the first innings.
He also played a single match for Worcestershire against Leicestershire in May 1947,
and finally one game for South v Glamorgan at the end of 1948,
though he did nothing remarkable in either match.

</doc>
<doc id="19877080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877080" title="Palleschi">
Palleschi

The palleschi, also known as bigi, were partisans of the Medici family in Florence. The name derived by the Medici coat-of-arms, bearing six 'balls' ("palle").
Massimo D'Azeglio, Italian writer and historian, in his "Niccolò de' Lapi, or the Palleschi and the Piagnoni" (1866), [http://books.google.it/books?hl=it&id=CscXAAAAYAAJ&dq=niccolo%27+de+lapi&printsec=frontcover&source=web&ots=Z0dlCyZdIA&sig=xQdEezwFOzqDZZwdjJo4sMR8OGE&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result] wrote explicitly: "the part of the citizens which improved their reputation and got rich under the Medici... was called pallesca". 
On April 26th 1478, at the end of the so called "Pazzi Conspiracy" which resulted the death of Giuliano de' Medici (brother of Lorenzo, who was himself seriously wounded) the people of Florence responded to the cry "Freedom, Freedom!" by the conspirator Jacopo de' Pazzi with "Palle, palle!", in a clear reference to the Medici coat-of-arms and, more broadly, to their partisans the "palleschi". Aldo Arcangeli, in his book "The Strozzavolpe Castle" says that the conspirator Jacopo Bracciolini, secretary of Girolamo Riario, 'was hung by the Palleschi because of the Pazzi conspiracy" (Arcangeli, 1960).
The substantial equivalence between "Palleschi" and Medici partisans is confirmed by the letter written by the Florentine philosopher, writer and politician Niccolò Machiavelli "Il ricordo ai Palleschi del 1512" [http://www.intratext.com/IXT/ITA1109/_PFW.HTM], a plea to the Palleschi, returned in Florence after twenty years of exile, in favor of the Gonfaloniere Piero Soderini "exiled by the government of the Florence Republic" (Vivanti, 1997).
Likewise, the rivalry between the Palleschi, partisans of the Medici family, and the Piagnoni ("Weepers"), followers of Girolamo Savonarola, developed into conflict. Massimo D'Azeglio in "Niccolò de' Lapi" says that "the parts of Piagnoni and Palleschi, rivals for old rancors and new insults, kept the city divided' (D'Azeglio, 1866).
After the death of Savonarola, the interests of the Palleschi came to be differentiated from purely Medici interests, as testified by the "Storia Fiorentina" of Benedetto Varchi (Firenze 1503-1565) in relation to the opposition of the Palleschi against the Medici Pope Clement VII (Varchi, 1857).
The fortunes of the Palleschi were nevertheless strictly connected to the Medici. For example, during the siege of Florence by Charles V when the Florentine government hardly repressed "the enemies within the walls", references the Palleschi who stayed in the city (Bertelli, 1986)
Many of them preferred the exile to Venice, Bologna or Rome so as to avoid being arrested or falling victim to the violence described by D'Azeglio in "Niccolò de' Lapi" (D'Azeglio, 1866)

</doc>
<doc id="19877098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877098" title="Canadian Society for the Study of Rhetoric">
Canadian Society for the Study of Rhetoric

The Canadian Society for the Study of Rhetoric (CSSR) is a bilingual scholarly society based in Canada that is open to scholars involved in the teaching or researching of rhetoric. While the CSSR was originally founded as a Canadian version of the International Society for the History of Rhetoric, and while—as implied by its original name, the Canadian Seminar on the History of Rhetoric (CSHR)—it originally focused on the history of rhetoric, the CSSR now focuses on a range of rhetorical scholarship. Its membership typically includes scholars from North America and Europe (not just Canada) and its conferences typically include joint sessions with other societies as a "natural reflection of the interdisciplinary interests of members."
The CSSR publishes an on-line refereed journal, "Rhetor", and meets annually for an academic conference, usually as part of the annual Congress of Humanities and Social Sciences run by the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19877117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877117" title="Charles S. Slichter">
Charles S. Slichter

Charles Sumner Slichter (1864–1946) was a mathematician and physicist. His most notable scholarly contribution focused on hydrogeology where he developed a method of quantifying the velocity of ground-water underflow in river valleys. This method employed ammonium chloride that would be placed in an upstream, i.e., the upgradient, well and detected in three observation wells a short distance away, i.e., the downgradient.
Family.
Slichter was the husband of Mary Byrne Slichter and was the father of economist Sumner Slichter and geophysicist Louis B. Slichter, industrialist Allen Slichter and Donald Slichter, and the grandfather of physicist Charles Pence Slichter.

</doc>
<doc id="19877139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877139" title="John Vavasour">
John Vavasour

Sir John Vavasour KS (ca. 1440 – 26 November 1506) was an English judge. He was apparently part of a minor regional knightly family, and studied law at Inner Temple. He was made a Serjeant-at-Law in 1478 and appointed a King's Serjeant in 1483, followed by a 1485 appointment as Second Justice of Lancaster and a 1495 promotion there to Chief Justice.
He had also served as Recorder of York from 1486 until his appointment as Fourth Justice of the Court of Common Pleas on 17 October 1489. He was promoted to Third Justice in 1494 and served as such until 1504. He was knighted in 1501 and discharged as a judge on 16 October 1506, dying shortly after on 26 November.

</doc>
<doc id="19877148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877148" title="Moraine Country Club">
Moraine Country Club

Moraine Country Club is a country club located in Kettering, Ohio, in the Dayton Metropolitan Area. The development of the Moraine Country Club started at a meeting in 1927, when Colonel Deeds, Charles Kettering, Frederick Rike, Governor James Cox, Robert Patterson, John Haswell & William Keyes decided to turn a portion of "Moraine Farm" into a golf course. Alec Campbell designed the course and in 1930 the club was incorporated. The golf course there hosted the PGA Championship in 1945 which Byron Nelson won.

</doc>
<doc id="19877165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877165" title="Creature with the Blue Hand">
Creature with the Blue Hand

Creature with the Blue Hand ( and also known as "The Bloody Dead") is a 1967 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Harald Leipnitz. In this movie, police track a killer known as the Blue Hand.
Production.
The film was bought by New World Pictures and issued on a double bill in the US with "Beast of the Yellow Night".

</doc>
<doc id="19877184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877184" title="Chinese corvette Yangwu">
Chinese corvette Yangwu

The Yangwu (Chinese:, Yang-wu) was a Chinese warship and the flagship of the Fujian Fleet.
The "Yangwu" was a wooden corvette, built in 1872 at the Foochow Navy Yard. She was part of a large shipbuilding program at the Foochow Arsenal, and cost 254,000 taels (353,000 silver dollars) for her construction. She was 1,393 tons, with a speed of 15 knots (28 km/h), and was equipped with 13 British muzzle-loaders.
The "Yangwu" was torpedoed and sunk by Amédée Courbet's Far East Squadron during the Battle of Fuzhou, on 23 August 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="19877233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877233" title="Twilight Comes Twice">
Twilight Comes Twice

Twilight Comes Twice is a children's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler. It was first published in 1997 and describes the transitions from night to day and from day to night.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" said in their review: "In spite of the commanding beauty of the language and art, however, the book engages the reader's emotions only minimally. Rather than invite the reader to be a direct participant in the experience itself, the text, is written in the second person, seems to ask the audience to stand in awe of an adult's ruminations. There are distinct pleasures to be had here, but they are chiefly cerebral." Virginia Golodetz reviewing for the "School Library Journal" said "the personification of dawn and dusk seems strained, and the metaphors are sometimes more distracting than illuminating, e.g., dusk "pours/the syrup of darkness/into the forest" and "hisses on the sprinklers." The pictures speak more clearly than the words."

</doc>
<doc id="19877245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877245" title="Paal Brekke">
Paal Brekke

Paal Brekke (17 September 1923 – 2 December 1993) was a Norwegian lyricist, novelist, translator of poetry, and literary critic. Brekke fled from occupied Norway to Sweden in 1940, when he was 17 years old. He made his literary debut in 1942, with the poetry collection "Av din jord er vi til" (From thy soil we exist). His first novel was "På flukt" (On the run, 1946).
Brekke has been called the father of modernism in Norway. He was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1972 for the poetry collection "Aftenen er stille" (Quiet is the evening). He received the Dobloug Prize in 1981.
Biography.
As a young refugee Brekke became familiar with modern Swedish poetry. He returned to Norway in 1945, and issued the collection "Jeg gikk så lange veier" (1945). The novel "På flukt" (1946) is describing a failed attempt to reach England during the war. Later collections are "Skyggefektning" (1949), and "Løft min krone, vind fra intet" (1957). Brekke's contributions to modernist poetry in the 1960s are the collection "Det skjeve smil i rosa" (1965), poetry combined with political sarcasm, and "Granatmannen kommer" (poems and other texts, 1968). In the 1970s he issued "Aftenen er stille" (1972), for which he received the critics prize, "Syng, ugle" (1978), and "Flimmer. Og strek" (1980). Late in his life he released the two collections "Men barnet i meg spør" (1992) and "Ostinato" (1994, posthumous).
Brekke was soon noticed for his orientation towards modern European poetry, both as poet and critic. He asked for a renewal of Norwegian poetry, and spread knowledge of foreign literature through translations of English modernist writers like T.S.Eliot, and also Indian and Japanese poetry. In the mid 1950s Brekke participated in the debate on lyrical form, and opposed André Bjerke and Arnulf Øverland in the so-called "Glossolalia debate".
The travel book "En munnfull av Ganges" (1962) is written after a visit to India in 1960, where Brekke was faced with poverty and hunger in the third world, and became aware of the underlying conflicts between rich and poor nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19877262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877262" title="2000 Hamburg Masters">
2000 Hamburg Masters

The 2000 Hamburg Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 93rd edition of the Hamburg Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from through 15 May through 22 May 2000.
The men's field was headlined by. Other top seeds competing were.

</doc>
<doc id="19877312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877312" title="Collections (Rick Astley album)">
Collections (Rick Astley album)

Collections is a compilation album released by Rick Astley in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19877317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877317" title="David Monasterio">
David Monasterio

David V. Monasterio Ruiz (born January 13, 1971) is a former international freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Puerto Rico, who participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country. He won three relay medals (one silver, two bronze) at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. He has three brothers, Eric, Eugenio, and Manuel. David attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19877319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877319" title="Tom Killion">
Tom Killion

Thomas "Tom" Killion is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 168th Legislative District. He currently sits on the House Appropriations, Insurance and Urban Affairs Committees.
Career.
Killion served as a fraud investigator with the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue and later founded his own pension advisory firm, InR Advisors. In 1990, he became the campaign chairman of Rep. Curt Weldon, a capacity in which he served until 2003.
His first elective office was as a member of Delaware County Council, to which he was elected in 1991 and later served as Chairman of the body. Killion also served as one of the Delaware County representatives on the board of the SEPTA transit agency.
Killion defeated William Thomas in a 2003 special election to succeed former Pennsylvania House Speaker Rep. Matt Ryan, who died of leukemia earlier that year. He has been re-elected to each succeeding session of the House. Killion announced plans to run for Lieutenant Governor on December 4, 2009. He ended his campaign for that position on January 8, 2010, and announced plans to once again run for the State House in 2010.
Personal.
He is a graduate of Cardinal O’Hara High School and the Pennsylvania State University, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice.
Killion lives in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania with his wife and daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19877325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877325" title="The Million Eyes of Sumuru">
The Million Eyes of Sumuru

The Million Eyes of Sumuru is a 1967 British spy film produced by Harry Alan Towers, directed by Lindsay Shonteff and filmed at the Shaw Brothers studios in Hong Kong. It stars Frankie Avalon and George Nader, with Shirley Eaton as the titular Sumuru. It was based on a series of novels by Sax Rohmer about a megalomaniac femme fatale. The film was released in the USA by American International Pictures. Shirley Eaton reprised her role as Sumuru in Jess Franco's "The Girl from Rio" (1970).
Plot.
Sumuru is a beautiful but evil woman who plans world domination by having her sexy all-female army eliminate male leaders and replace them with her female agents.
In popular culture.
"The Million Eyes of Sumuru" inspired riot grrrl musician Lois Maffeo to adopt Bikini Kill as a band name. She and her friend Margaret Doherty used the name for a one-off performance where they donned faux fur punk cave girl costumes. Tobi Vail liked the name and appropriated it for the iconic punk group after Maffeo settled on the band name Cradle Robbers.
This film was featured in the KTMA season of "Mystery Science Theater 3000".

</doc>
<doc id="19877326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877326" title="Ultimate Collection (Rick Astley album)">
Ultimate Collection (Rick Astley album)

Ultimate Collection is a compilation album released by Rick Astley in 2008. It contains the song "Full of You," considered previously unreleased as it only appears on the Germany album "Keep It Turned On". The album reached #17 on the UK Album Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19877332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877332" title="From the Heart (Katherine Jenkins album)">
From the Heart (Katherine Jenkins album)

From the Heart is an album by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins, released in China in 2007. It is a compilation of tracks from Jenkins' previous UK albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19877356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877356" title="Love Songs (Glen Campbell album)">
Love Songs (Glen Campbell album)

Love Songs, released on the Gold Label in 2000, contains a selection of songs from the "Love Songs" disc from the 1999 My Hits and Love Songs album.

</doc>
<doc id="19877366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877366" title="The Last Thakur">
The Last Thakur

The Last Thakur is a 2008 British western film directed by Sadik Ahmed, written by Sadik Ahmed and Heather Taylor, and stars Ahmed Rubel, Tariq Anam Khan and Tanveer Hassan. The film is about a stranger in a small town who plays two groups against each other.
Plot.
A lone gun-man enters a typical Bangladeshi town to find his identity and take revenge on the person who raped his mother during the war. In the course of revenge he is used by the internal clash of two rival leaders of the town.
Production.
"The Last Thakur" is is Sadik Ahmed's debut feature film and the first co-production between British distributor Artificial Eye and the UK's National Film and Television School. This new cooperative venture lets NFTS current students and recent graduates create fully funded feature films. It was executive produced by Philip Knatchbull, Nik Powell and Daniel Chamier. The producer was Tamsin Lyons. The crew was made up primarily of NFTS students. 
The film is set in present day Daulatpur, an isolated corner of Bangladesh. The Thakur's home in the film was a semi-derelict mansion of a Maharajah, which had around 400 people squatting in it as the filmed. Some became extras, while the film crew were able to help. They installed toilets and bathrooms to be left behind in return for allowing them to film inside.
The film was shot over 24 days in December 2007, on High Definition cameras, a first for Bangladesh. The original set, purpose built, is the largest open air set ever built in Bangladesh.
The cast features some of Bangladesh's best known actors, among them Tariq Anam, Rubel Amin and Tanveer Hussan. 
The story a 'Spaghetti Eastern', about a stranger in a small town who plays two groups against each other, is familiar to Akira Kurosawa's "Yojimbo", Sergio Leone's "A Fistful of Dollars", Takashi Miike's "Sukiyaki Western Django", the Coen Brothers' "Miller's Crossing" or even Walter Hill's "Last Man Standing". The bare bones of this scenario can also be discerned in "The Last Thakur", set in a rural backwater of contemporary Bangladesh, but Ahmed is less interested in cowboy movie pastiche than in an intense drama of misunderstandings, madness and murder.
Release.
On 25 October 2008, "The Last Thakur" had its world premiere premiered to a sold out screening at the London Film Festival to a sold-out audience at the National Film Theatre.
On 21 June 2009, the film held a special screening at the Curzon Renoir Cinema in Russell Square. On 26 June 2009, the film began its UK theatrical release at the Genesis Cinema, Mile End and at the Ciné Lumière, South Kensington. It has since been screened or selected at Dubai International Film Festival, Solothurn Filmtage Celebration of Swiss Film, Munich International Film Festival, Durban International Film Festival and Granada Film Festival.
5 October 2009, the DVD of the film was released. The DVD extras include a short documentary.
Reception.
"The Daily Star" called "The Last Thakur" "an intense contemporary Western." Derek Malcolm of "London Evening Standard" described the film as "taut, well shot and confidently acted." Dan Carrier of "Camden New Journal" called it "a stylish and beautifully produced film." "Redhotcurry.com" thought it "features breath-taking locations from an unseen and unknown part of the world."
Anton Bitel of "Little White Lies" said "This bleak message is offset by wonderful widescreen cinematography and a soundtrack that perfectly blends influences both eastern and western." Jennie Kermode of "Eye for Film" said "All in all, it's a well balanced effort which maintains the proper sense of ironic distance without losing sight of its characters' humanity, even when they lose sight of that of others."
Matthew Turner of "View London" thought it is "a watchable drama, but the painfully slow pacing detracts from its tried-and-tested plot." Sukhdev Sandu of "The Daily Telegraph" said "Its digital photography could be improved and its pacing needs to be more dynamic, but this is a promising calling card." Derek Elley of "Variety" thought the "pic maintains a gently simmering atmosphere but starts to feel stretched after the first few reels." Philip Kemp of "Total Film" felt it "expends a bit too much time on talk, with all the action shoehorned into the last few minutes. But it doesn't lack for atmosphere or vivid performances." 
"Film4" felt "The plot is relatively simple but the execution is baffling... The film ends up looking pretty silly, which is a shame because in many ways it's a worthwhile production." Anthony Quinn of "The Independent" felt it was "long on smouldering looks and short on narrative bite, makes it difficult to know, and harder to care." Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" thought "The film itself is a disappointment; the action is weirdly inert and monotonous, and the acting is opaque." Tony McKibbin of "The List" rated it two stars as "a clumsily realised tale of Oedipal tensions... There are mythic overtones in Ahmed's film, but an almost complete absence of sub-text. In both formal and dramatic terms Ahmed offers the heavy-handed... The film may indicate a timeless quality in its story, but the form of its telling indicates a very contemporary patronage of the audience's intelligence." 

</doc>
<doc id="19877375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877375" title="Sumuru">
Sumuru

Sumuru may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19877393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877393" title="List of University of Central Oklahoma alumni">
List of University of Central Oklahoma alumni

The list of University of Central Oklahoma alumni includes notable alumni, faculty, and former students of the University of Central Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="19877398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877398" title="Together Forever – Greatest Hits and More...">
Together Forever – Greatest Hits and More...

Together Forever is a compilation album by Rick Astley released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19877418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877418" title="Love Songs (Rick Astley album)">
Love Songs (Rick Astley album)

Love Songs is a compilation album released by Rick Astley in 2004

</doc>
<doc id="19877436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877436" title="Ivan Prpić (soldier)">
Ivan Prpić (soldier)

Ivan Prpić (1887 - Zagreb, January 10, 1967) was an infantry general of the Croatian Home Guard and its chief of staff from 1942 to 1943. He received the Military Order of the Iron Trefoil in 1942.
In July 1943 there was an assassination attempt on Prpić. Some sources allege that it was organized by Ivo Herenčić. In 1944 Prpić retired and moved with his family to the Slovak Republic, and later to Prague in the reestablished Czechoslovakia. He was arrested by the British there in August 1945 and taken back to Yugoslavia. After questioning in Belgrade and Zagreb he was released in October. 
Prpić was one of few generals of the Independent State of Croatia not to be sentenced by the communist regime in Yugoslavia. He is buried in Mirogoj cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19877445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877445" title="Station Mérignac Centre (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Mérignac Centre (Tram de Bordeaux)

Mérignac Centre Station is located in Mérignac on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. It has served as the terminus of the line 21 June 2007.
Situation.
La station est située avenue du Maréchal Leclerc à Mérignac.

</doc>
<doc id="19877476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877476" title="Jimmy Stephen">
Jimmy Stephen

James Findlay "Jimmy" Stephen (23 August 1922 – 5 November 2012) was a Scotland international footballer who played as a defender. At club level, he played in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue and Portsmouth.
Stephen signed for Bradford when he left school in 1938, and turned professional the following year. During the Second World War he made guest appearances for clubs including Halifax Town, Middlesbrough and Huddersfield Town. He left Bradford for Portsmouth in 1949, although National Service in the RAF meant he was restricted to a solitary appearance in the Portsmouth team that won the 1949–50 League title. He finished his career in non-league football with Yeovil Town.
Stephen made his international debut as captain in the first competitive match Scotland played after the war, a 3–1 defeat to Wales on 19 October 1946 in the British Home Championship. His second and last cap came a year later, also against Wales. Stephen also represented Scotland in five wartime internationals against England.

</doc>
<doc id="19877482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877482" title="Morriston Town A.F.C.">
Morriston Town A.F.C.

Brief History & Current Information.
Morriston Town Association Football Club is an amateur association football team based in Morriston, Swansea, Wales. The club was formed in the 1940s as Midland Athletic and played in the Swansea & District League prior to joining the Welsh Football League in 1951. 
During their time in the Welsh League Morriston Town achieved limited success by raising to the Welsh Premier Division in the early 1990s. However, by the 2007/08 season, the club was languishing in the lower echelons of the Welsh League, and after suffering relegation from the third division, Morriston Town parted with the Welsh League after over 50 years. 
Currently, Morriston Town compete in the Swansea Senior League Division 2, a feeder league at the bottom of the Welsh Football Pyramid and feeding into the MacWhirter Welsh Football League. 
Morriston Town's home ground, The Dingle Field, was purchased from a local farmer during the time that the club first joined the Welsh Football League. One of the founder memebrs helpping to buy the field was one george payne who lived in front of the fields. Located in the northern area of Morriston, The Dingle plays host to the club's three senior teams, and various youth sides.
Morriston Town share local rivalries with fellow Swansea League clubs Morriston Olympic FC and Ynystawe Athletic FC.
External links.
Website: http://www.clubwebsite.co.uk/morristontown/233653/Home

</doc>
<doc id="19877546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877546" title="Åge Rønning">
Åge Rønning

Åge Rønning (1925 – 1991) was a Norwegian writer and journalist.
Rønning was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1982 for the novel "Kolbes reise". In 1986 he received the Fritt Ord Honorary Award. He received the Dobloug Prize in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19877563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877563" title="Hans Dersch">
Hans Dersch

Hans F. Dersch (born December 25, 1967) is a former international breaststroke swimmer from the United States, who participated for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. 
There he won the gold medal in the men's 4x100-meter medley relay, after having swum in the preliminary heats for the United States. Dersch is a two-time gold medalist at the Pan American Games (1991).

</doc>
<doc id="19877574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877574" title="Silk Centre">
Silk Centre

The Silk Centre was an area of business property, composed of buildings and lofts, which opened in Manhattan, in 1924. It was adjacent to a car-barn site, numerous clothing firms, and advertising agents located within a block or two of this corner. Harper & Brothers was also situated on East 33rd Street.
The Silk Centre was located in Midtown Manhattan between two great railroad terminals and close by the hotel district of New York City. The region radiating from 34th Street to Madison Avenue was well suited to the growth of the wholesale silk trades. In addition to its proximity to the railroad terminals, the silk hub benefited from a closeness to the elevated and surface lines of the subway and eighty-one clubs located within a few blocks of Madison Avenue and 34th Street. The significance of Madison Avenue as an impetus to the expansion of the silk trade was enhanced with its widening, by five feet on each side, extending from 23rd Street to 41st Street. This provided of additional roadway.
History of growth, 1914 "-" 1931.
One of the buildings at the Silk Centre was a twelve story edifice located at 33 "-" 43 East 33rd Street. It was valued at $1,000,000 and was entirely
rented for $145,000. The structure fronted East 33rd Street for and had a depth of . It tenants were mostly engaged in the silk
trade. The site for the building was purchased in 1913 from Dr. John B. Walker, who ran a private hospital there. It was sold to the George Backer Construction Company which completed the edifice in 1914.
In the fall of 1924 Cheney Brothers and Belding Brothers announced plans to relocate to the southeast and southwest corners of Madison Avenue. They awaited the completion of two buildings designed to their specifications. Their relocation designated the Madison
Avenue area as a new axis of the silk industry. Schoolhouse & Company moved to the ground floor of a new building at the northwest corner of
Madison Avenue and 39th Street. L.O. Thompson & Co. opened their headquarters on the second floor of an edifice on 244 Madison Avenue, at the southwest corner of Madison Avenue and 38th Street. L.D. Tompkins leased the second floor of the Cameron Building at the northeast corner of Madison Avenue and 34th Street. South of 34th Street on Madison Avenue was a region where a number of prominent silk houses
found new locations and signed extended leases. One of these was the R & H Simon Company which moved from 4th Avenue
and 20th Street to 159 Madison Avenue. Another was Menke Kaufmann & Co., which removed from lower 5th Avenue to East 33rd Street. The Golding Fabric Corporation was exceptional, having just moved to a spacious new location at 417 Fifth Avenue, in November 1924.
In early 1925 excavation began on land once occupied by the August Belmont home, at the southeast corner of Madison Avenue and 34th Street. A seventeen story building was being planned for the site, to be occupied by a syndicate headed by Robert M. Catts. Cheney Brothers were
to have offices on the first three stories of the structure. Silk manufacturer, Belding Brothers, purchased a plot of land measuring ninety feet on the southwest corner, directly opposite. The company was soon to occupy a sixteen or seventeen story edifice on the site.
The Heminway Silk Company signed a twenty year lease to occupy the store, basement, second, and third floors of a fourteen story building at 
the northwest corner of Madison Avenue and 37th Street. The total rental was $1,000,000. Heminway Silk Company, which had a capitalization
of $3,500,000, was founded in Watertown, Connecticut in 1848. The firm opened a New York office in 1872.
The Duplan Silk Corporation moved into three floors of the Continental Building, a forty two story office structure completed by Louis Adler in early 1931. The edifice was located at the southeast corner of 41st Street and Broadway. The lease totaled above $1,000,000
and included the second, third, and mezzanine floors of the banking concourse of the building. The three floors encompassed more than . The second floor was reached via a broad marble staircase leading from the main lobby fronting on Broadway. Previously
the Duplan Silk Corporation was located on the east side of New York City for a dozen years. Earlier the firm was situated successively at Broome Street and Greene Stree and Union Square. The business was a leader in the silk industry and one of its most recognized names.

</doc>
<doc id="19877588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877588" title="Speedwell, New Jersey">
Speedwell, New Jersey

Speedwell is an unincorporated area in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
History.
Alfred Vail of Speedwell received a one half share of the telegraph patents held by Samuel F. B. Morse on September 23, 1837 in exchange for Vail providing a working model from his Speedwell Ironworks.

</doc>
<doc id="19877631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877631" title="Glen Campbell's Greatest Hits">
Glen Campbell's Greatest Hits

"Glen Campbell's Greatest Hits was the first official Capitol compilation album by Glen Campbell and was released in 1971. The Best of Glen Campbell" followed in 1976, covering his later hits in addition to five on this compilation.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19877636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877636" title="Tha Cum Up">
Tha Cum Up

Tha Cum Up was the second and final album released by Sylk-E. Fyne. After her successful debut, Raw Sylk, expectations were high but "Tha Cum Up" was a critical and commercial failure, however, the single "Ya Style", featuring Snoop Dogg and Bizzy Bone, made it to #17 on the Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19877655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877655" title="Time to Say Hello">
Time to Say Hello

Time to Say Hello: The Autobiography (ISBN 978-0752888385) is a 2008 autobiography by Katherine Jenkins. It was published in hardback in January 2008 by Orion Books.
It was released on paperback on 5 February 2009.
The book's title comes from the song, "Time to Say Goodbye".

</doc>
<doc id="19877680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877680" title="Reg Swinfen">
Reg Swinfen

Reg Swinfen is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Queens Park Rangers and Yeovil Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19877690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877690" title="The Gazette (Virginia)">
The Gazette (Virginia)

The Gazette is a newspaper based in Galax, Virginia. The newspaper is owned by Landmark Community Newspapers.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19877711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877711" title="Biloxi Blues (film)">
Biloxi Blues (film)

Biloxi Blues is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Mike Nichols, written by Neil Simon, and starring Matthew Broderick and Christopher Walken. Simon adapted his semi-autobiographical 1985 play of the same title, the second chapter in what is known as the "Eugene trilogy", the first being "Brighton Beach Memoirs" and the third being "Broadway Bound".
Synopsis.
The story centers on Eugene Morris Jerome, a 20-year-old Jewish Brooklynite who is drafted into the United States Army during the last year of World War II and is sent to Biloxi, Mississippi for basic training. While there he learns to cope with fellow soldiers from all walks of life, falls in love, and loses his virginity in less than ideal circumstances, all while having to cope with an eccentric drill instructor.
Soundtrack.
Period songs heard on the soundtrack include "How High the Moon" by Morgan Lewis and Nancy Hamilton, "Blue Moon" by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart, "Marie" by Irving Berlin, "Solitude" by Duke Ellington, Irving Mills, and Edgar DeLange, "Chattanooga Choo Choo" by Harry Warren and Mack Gordon, and "Don't Sit Under the Apple Tree (With Anyone Else but Me)" by Sam H. Stept, Charles Tobias and Lew Brown.
Reception.
Critical.
"Biloxi Blues" received generally positive reviews from critics. It currently holds an 81% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 26 reviews.
Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" called the film "a very classy movie, directed and toned up by Mike Nichols so there's not an ounce of fat in it." He added, "Mr. Nichols keeps the comedy small, precise and spare. Further, the humor is never flattened by the complex logistics of movie making, nor inflated to justify them." Rita Kempley of the "Washington Post" thought the film was "an endearing adaptation" and "overall Nichols, Simon and especially Broderick find fresh threads in the old fatigues" despite some "fallow spells and sugary interludes."
"Variety" called it "an agreeable but hardly inspired film" and added, "Even with high-powered talents Mike Nichols and Matthew Broderick aboard, World War II barracks comedy provokes just mild laughs and smiles rather than the guffaws Simon's work often elicits in the theater."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called the film "pale, shallow, unconvincing and predictable" and added, "nothing in this movie seems fresh, well-observed, deeply felt or even much thought about ... It's just a series of setups and camera moves and limp dialogue and stock characters who are dragged on to do their business."
Box office.
The film opened on 1,239 screens in the US and earned $7,093,325 on its opening weekend, ranking #1 at the box office. It eventually grossed $43,184,798 in the US and $8,500,000 in foreign markets for a total worldwide box office of $51,684,798.

</doc>
<doc id="19877727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877727" title="GWI.net">
GWI.net

GWI (Great Works Internet) is a privately held telecommunications company providing internet and phone services for residential and business customers in Maine. The company was established in 1994 and is headquartered in Biddeford, Maine.
History.
Originally known as Biddeford Internet Corporation, the company was set up to serve the Greater Biddeford, Maine area as a local Internet Service Provider. Within one year, the Corporation had expanded to serve 70 percent of the Maine population with dial-up service. In 1996, the Biddeford Internet Corporation partnered with Casco Cable and New England Cable Vision and became one of the first ISP's in the United States to provide technical support to the cable industry. The Corporation also offered wholesale Domain Name System (DNS), domain name hosting, and technical support direct to its cable customers. 
In 1997, Biddeford Internet Corporation completed statewide network access in Maine and changed its name to Great Works Internet, in honor of the Great Works River - a 27-mile long river in Southwestern Maine. The name was later shortened to GWI.
In 2002, GWI introduced GWI Broadband, an ADSL based High Speed Internet service, rolling the service out to 50 communities in Maine and New Hampshire within one year.
In 2003 and 2004, Inc. Magazine recognized GWI as one of the country’s 500 fastest growing companies. GWI was again recognized by Inc.com in 2010 and 2011 as one of the 5000 fastest growing private companies in the USA.
The company added residential phone service in 2005 and commercial phone service in 2007.
In 2011, GWI CEO Fletcher Kittredge was named large company Business Leader of the Year by MaineBiz, a business news magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19877731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877731" title="Cotalpa ashleyae">
Cotalpa ashleyae

Cotalpa ashleyae is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19877740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877740" title="Michael Degiorgio">
Michael Degiorgio

Michael Degiorgio (born 15 November 1962 in Malta) was a professional footballer. He played as a midfielder and at the end of his playing career played as a central defender He started his career with Ħamrun Spartans and then also played for Naxxar Lions, Lija Athletic and Marsaxlokk. He is now managing Fgura.

</doc>
<doc id="19877751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877751" title="Rick Colella">
Rick Colella

Richard Phillip Colella, Jr. (born December 14, 1951) is an American former breaststroke swimmer who represented the United States at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1972.
Colella's sister Lynn was also a competition swimmer and Olympian. In 1971, he and his sister were co-winners of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" Man of the Year award.
Colella finished fourth in the final of the 200-meter breaststroke at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, he finished third and won the bronze medal in the 200-meter breaststroke.
Colella and his wife Terry have raised four children, Elise, Mariel, Brian and Angie. For the past seven years, the Colellas have dedicated themselves to raising money for research to find a cure for facioscapulohumeral disease (FSHD), a common form of muscular dystrophy that affects their son Brian. They formed FSH Friends, an organization that they run out of their home. They work to raise money and put on an annual auction gala that takes place in the end of January. They've also co-sponsored local workshops, bringing researchers together from around the world, to help move the research forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19877766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877766" title="Kerry Benninghoff">
Kerry Benninghoff

Kerry Benninghoff is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 171st Legislative District. He is the Republican Chairman of the House State Government Committee and also sits on the House Health and Human Services Committee.
Career.
While working as an orderly at Mount Nittany Medical Center in State College, Pennsylvania, Benninghoff was appointed as Deputy Coroner of Centre County, Pennsylvania in 1985. In 1991, when Coroner Robert Neff retired, Benninghoff was elected to the office. He was re-elected in 1995.
In 1996, when Rep. Ruth Rudy retired, Benninghoff stepped into the race to succeed her. He defeated Democrat Keith Bierly in the general election that year and has been re-elected to each succeeding session of the House.
Personal.
Benninghoff graduated from State College Area High School and attended Pennsylvania State University. He is also a graduate of the Certified Coroners Training Program of the Pennsylvania State Police Academy. 
Benninghoff lives in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania with his wife. He has five children and three stepchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19877779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877779" title="Ernie Jenkins">
Ernie Jenkins

Ernie Jenkins (20 September 1880 – 18 July 1958) was a Welsh international dual-code international rugby player. He played club rugby union predominantly for Newport and later switched codes by joining rugby league team Rochdale Hornets. While playing for Newport, Jenkins faced the three major Southern Hemisphere teams, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand.
International career.
Jenkins made his debut for Wales against Scotland at the Cardiff Arms Park on 5 February 1910 as part of the Five Nations Championship. It was a one-sided affair with Wales scoring 4 tries without reply, including one from fellow new cap Billy Spiller. Jenkins was reselected for the next match in the tournament, this time against Ireland. Wales won again, this time scoring five tries, the highest number scored by Wales in Ireland. With two wins out of two games, Jenkins should have been part of future Welsh teams, but turned professional in September 1910, joining rugby league team Rochdale Hornets, making him ineligible to play union in future.
His first game for the Hornets took place on 17 September 1910, and on 10 December he was selected for his first rugby league international when he was chosen to represent Wales against England at Coventry. He played a total of four league international between 1910 and 1912, three against England and a single encounter against Australia at Ebbw Vale.
International games played.
Wales (rugby union)
Wales (rugby league)

</doc>
<doc id="19877785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877785" title="Carl Fredrik Engelstad">
Carl Fredrik Engelstad

Carl Johan Fredrik Engelstad (11 November 1915 – 1 October 1996) was a Norwegian writer, playwright, journalist, translator and theatre director.
Personal life.
Engelstad was born in Hadsel as the son of jurist Sigurd Engelstad (1878–1916) and younger brother of archivist Sigurd Engelstad.
He married Vibeke Engelstad, a physician. Their son Fredrik became a professor of sociology, and married professor Irene Johnson.
Career.
Carl Fredrik Engelstad was hired as a theatre critic in "Morgenbladet" in 1945. He stayed here until 1960, the last two years as cultural editor. He was theatre director for Nationaltheatret from 1960 to 1961, and from 1965 he worked in "Aftenposten". He was known for writing from a Christian viewpoint.
From 1946 to 1949 he also edited the periodical "Spektrum". He debuted as a writer in 1949, with two plays. His novels included "Gjester i mørket" (1958), "Størst blant dem" (1977) and "De levendes land" (1986). For the two latter novels, Engelstad was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature. He also wrote books about Francis of Assisi, Ronald Fangen, Ludvig Holberg and Johan Herman Wessel, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19877803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877803" title="Real Time (film)">
Real Time (film)

Real Time is a 2008 comedy drama which premiered on 18 January 2008 at the Slamdance Film Festival.
Synopsis.
The film is about a hit man (Randy Quaid) who gives a compulsive gambler (Jay Baruchel) one hour to live. The movie takes place in real time and its ultimate subject is what we do with the time we have in this world. The film begins when Andy, a hyperactive compulsive gambler, is plucked off the street by the calm yet imposing hit man, Reuban. Reuban tells Andy that he has been dispatched to kill him. Andy does not believe him at first. He figures it is just another one of Reuban’s scare tactics to get him to pay off his gambling debt.
Andy soon learns Reuban is not bluffing. Reuban gives Andy just one hour to do whatever he wishes. In his one hour Andy is educated about his mistakes, visits his former workplace, visits his old school, visits his grandmother, gets shot at, and learns about luck, love, and choices.
Festivals.
"Real Time" has played at many festivals including:

</doc>
<doc id="19877872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877872" title="Shyam Ramsay">
Shyam Ramsay

Shyam Ramsay (born 17 May 1952 in Mumbai) is a Bollywood film director. He was one of the seven Ramsay Brothers who were active in Indian cinema throughout the 70s and the 80s. Shyam Ramsay was considered the main artist and head of this group. They produced a number of horror movies such as Darwaza, Purana Mandir and Veerana.
Their popularity waned towards the end of the 1980s, as Shyam Ramsay started diverting his creative energy and focus on television programming which was in demand because of the multiple private channels such as Zee TV, Star Plus etc that were launched in the early nineties in India. He started India's first horror TV series for Zee TV - Zee Horror Show. Zee Horror Show was a huge hit and its popularity is proved by the various communities created in its memory on social networking communities like Facebook & Orkut by its fans.
After Zee Horror Show, he made a few episodes of Saturday Suspense, X Zone and Nagin for Zee TV. In 2008, he along with his daughter, Saasha Ramsay directed a supernatural series based on the concept of wishful female serpent for Sahara One, called Neeli Aankhen.
Shyam Ramsay came back to features films from the year 2000 when he started the production of which was released on 21 February 2003. Then he made Ghutan in 2007 and a comedy horror film, Bachao in 2010. His latest release is Neighbours which will get release in the month of January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19877881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877881" title="Pointe (magazine)">
Pointe (magazine)

Pointe (magazine) is an international magazine aimed toward ballet dancers and students. It is published by Macfadden Performing Arts Media, acquired with the purchase of Lifestyle Media, Inc. in 2006.) Pointe covers international news on company debuts, competition results, and rising stars. Pointe also offers reviews, company profiles, a calendar of events, ballet oriented shopping guides as well as guides for ballet programs, auditions, and higher education. The website offers a blog and an online store with the option to purchase back issues. Virginia Johnson was formerly "Pointe"'s editor.

</doc>
<doc id="19877899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877899" title="Mercury Island">
Mercury Island

Mercury Island is a small rocky island off The Diamond Coast, Namibia. Despite its small size it is recognised by Bird Life and other global conservation groups as one of the Important Bird Areas (IBAs) for its important coastal seabird breeding.
Situation.
Mercury Island is situated in 800 metres offshore in Spencer Bay, 110 kilometres north of Lüderitz. The island is only 750 metres long (North-South) and about 270 metres wide, reaching a height of 38 metres above the sea. Steep, rocky, without vegetation, covered in a thick layer of bird guano, and riddled with a number of caves (one of which completely bisects the island), Mercury Island's name comes from the shaking which reverberates through the island during westerly wave action. Its nearest neighbour and like bird habitat is Ichaboe Island, about 65 kilometres to the south. With Ichaboe Island, Mercury is one of the two most important island seabird breeding sites along the Namibian coast. Consequently, it is permanently inhabited by a two-person bird research station, built on the remains of a bird guano mining dock along the northeast side of the island. The Island's 3 hectares are home to 16000 penguins, 1200 gannets and 5000 cormorants, which range tens of kilometres out to sea, and return to the island to breed.
Importance to wildlife.
Together with Ichaboe Island, Halifax Island and the Possession Island, these islands support the entire Namibian breeding population of Cape Gannets "Morus Capensis", 96% of the Namibian population of the endangered African Penguin "Spheniscus Demersus", and nearly one quarter of the global breeding population of Crowned Cormorants Phalacrocorax coronatus.
Approximately 80% of the global population of the endangered Bank Cormorant Phalacrocorax neglectus breeds on Mercury Island and in the Ichaboe Islands.
There is a dwelling on the island, which is frequented by scientists and conservationists monitoring wildlife in the area.
Survivors from the wartime shipwreck "SS Point Pleasant Park" landed on the island in 1944 before being rescued by a South African fishing boat.

</doc>
<doc id="19877921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877921" title="Debbie Rodriguez">
Debbie Rodriguez

Deborah "Debbie" Rodriguez is an American author and hairdresser, who wrote a best-selling book regarding her experience in Afghanistan managing the Kabul Beauty School.
Biography.
Deborah Rodriguez, a hairdresser, went to Afghanistan as part of a group offering humanitarian aid after the fall of the Taliban in 2001. Soon after arriving, she became involved in the set up of a beauty school training program to certify Afghan women to work in and set up their own beauty parlors.
Rodriguez wrote a book about her experience, entitled "Kabul Beauty School". The book became a best seller, and at one point, it was slated to become a movie, with Sandra Bullock playing the lead. In the book, Rodriguez portrays herself as the founder and main force behind the success of the beauty school and a savior for some of the women who trained there. However, other women who were also involved at the founding of the Kabul Beauty School say the book is filled with inaccuracies and inconsistencies, that events did not unfold the way Rodriguez depicts them, and that she exaggerated her role in the formation of the school. They say that she moved the school from the Ministry of Women's Affairs (Afghanistan) to the house she shared with her Afghan husband, and that she took over the school for personal gain. Some of the women who worked at the beauty school said that, because of the publication of the book and the details it revealed about them, their lives had been put in danger. Some also claimed that Rodriguez had not made good on promises for financial support and other help.
In 2002, Rodriguez married an Afghan, Samer Mohammad Abdul Khan, who works for Afghan warlord Abdul Rashid Dostum. She had known Khan for 20 days before the marriage, though they don’t speak the same language and he had a wife in Saudi Arabia, with whom he retained a romantic relationship; his first wife became pregnant with his eighth child while he was married to Rodriguez. The marriage with Rodriguez was reported as a happy one as late as April 2007, but soon after, she had to flee Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19877937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877937" title="Rain (Breaking Benjamin song)">
Rain (Breaking Benjamin song)

"Rain" (also credited as Rain (2005) and Rain (2005) Single Version) is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin. It is the third single of their second album, "We Are Not Alone".
The 2005 single version of Rain is found only on newer pressings of "We Are Not Alone". This version is a full-band version of "Rain" (as opposed to the original version in which the only instrument used is an acoustic guitar). The song was performed on AOL Sessions along with "So Cold" and "Sooner or Later".

</doc>
<doc id="19877942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877942" title="Mark Chatfield">
Mark Chatfield

Mark Webster Chatfield (August 11, 1953 – December 23, 1998) was an American breaststroke swimmer who participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. 
There he ended up in fourth place in the men's 100-meter breaststroke, after having won the gold medal in the same event the previous year at the 1971 Pan American Games. 
He was the 1973 U.S. national champion in the 100-yard breaststroke (57.36). He attended the University of Southern California (USC), where he swam for the USC Trojans swimming and diving team from 1972 to 1975. As a college swimmer, he was recognized as an All-American in 1972 (100-yard breaststroke, 200-yard breaststroke), 1973 (100-yard breaststroke, 200-yard breaststroke, 400-yard medley relay), 1974 (100-yard breaststroke, 200-yard breaststroke, 400-yard medley relay), and 1975 (100-yard breaststroke, 200-yard breaststroke, 200-yard individual medley, 400-yard medley relay).
An accomplished Baroque and period musician, vocalist and composer, he played principal cello and was a countertenor.
Chatfield came out of retirement in 1994 to participate in the Gay Games, he recounted how "he could never disclose his sexuality for fear of losing his spot on the team." 
Chatfield died of lymphoma on December 23, 1998; he was 45 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19877943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877943" title="Stephen Fry bibliography and filmography">
Stephen Fry bibliography and filmography

Stephen Fry is an English actor, comedian, author and television presenter. With Hugh Laurie, as the comedy double act Fry and Laurie, he co-wrote and co-starred in "A Bit of Fry and Laurie", and the duo also played the title roles in "Jeeves and Wooster". Fry played the lead in the film "Wilde", was Melchett in the "Blackadder" television series and is the host of celebrity comedy trivia show, "QI". He has contributed columns and articles for newspapers and magazines, and has written four novels and two autobiographies, "Moab Is My Washpot" and "".

</doc>
<doc id="19877957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877957" title="G String Divas">
G String Divas

G String Divas is an American documentary series that aired on HBO. The show was filmed in 2000, and follows the lives of strippers working in a Bristol, Pennsylvania gentlemen's club. 
Overview.
The show has thirteen episodes and there were nine featured women: Miss Bunny, Jordan, Ginger, Cashmere, Joey, Chrissy, Silver, Summer and Angel. The premiere episode delivered a 7.7 share, or 3.4 million viewers. The show was produced and directed by Patti Kaplan, who also produced HBO's Real Sex series. The club featured on it, Divas International Club, was attached to a hotel, and was converted to a banquet facility shortly after filming ended.
In one episode, the dancer Summer refers to a homicide case in which an obsessed customer killed his wife. The killer, Craig Rabinowitz, had become obsessed with her when she was dancing at another Pennsylvania strip club. The case was later profiled on an episode of "Forensic Files", called "Summer Obsession", in which Miss Bunny, another of the performers from the HBO show, were interviewed.

</doc>
<doc id="19877969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877969" title="K.P. Brehmer">
K.P. Brehmer

KP Brehmer, in full, Klaus Peter Brehmer (*b. 12 Sept, 1938 in Berlin, Germany; d. November 16, 1997 in Hamburg, Germany), was a German painter, graphic artist and filmmaker. From 1971 to 1997 he was professor at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg.
Most of his works can be considered as political art or the visualization of political trends.
Biography.
Brehmer was born 1938 in Berlin After school he graduated from 1957 to 1959 as a process engraver and as early as 1959 he first made etchings. The training was followed from 1959 to 1961 by the study of graphics at the Werkkunstschule Krefeld, (now in the class of , a disciple of .
Beginning in 1961, he started using photographic films, radiograms, and block prints, and further studied graphics at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, where he worked until 1963 with Coester.
After a year's residence in Paris at the studio of Stanley William Hayter, he returned to Berlin, and dedicated himself to various types of graphic design. In this time his folded graphics, stamps series, colors and scales, different demographics and film works were produced.
In 1971 he became professor at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and in 1987 and 1988, he was a guest lecturer at the China Academy of Art in Hangzhou.
Works.
In the earliest works using photomechanical reproduction techniques (block prints, screen printing and offset printing), soon "real" objects such as architectural, technical and organic elements were added to the abstract motifs.
Influenced by the emerging new definitions of art and direction as the pop art around 1960, but also by the political rebellion of the younger generation of the 60s, Brehmer defined a new form of language, which, in opposition to abstract art of the 50s, served realistic motifs. Thus arose around 1963 so-called trivial graphics, as the cliché pressure (a high-technology, also known as "Rasterätzung" or Autotypie) were exported. Brehmer used "everyday" motifs from advertising and the mass media, like naked women, cars or spacemen. he finally overcome with the construction of boxes and the limited dimensionality of printmaking. In the mid-60s he took advantage of a new motif: the stamp, which can be defined as authoritative body with cultural definition of power. Sometimes he combined these individual graphics to album pages or stamp-bags.
With his work since the mid-60s Brehmer was, along with Konrad Lueg, Sigmar Polke, Gerhard Richter and Wolf Vostell, an important representative of the capitalist realism style. Today, the capitalist realism works are often attributed to the European Pop Art, with a particular political remark. At the same time Brehmer tried to democratize the art and to infiltrate the structures of the commercial exploitation of art with incorrectly declared unlimited editions, proofs or special editions. 
In the'70s, a new group of works - the so-called "diagrammatic work" in which colors, maps and statistics have been processed had been created. The political character came out even stronger. Brehmer dealt with the interpretation and significance of color as a symbol (Farbengeografien, Ideale Landschaft, Farbmuster) and created oversized charts and maps to Fascism (Hitler's Rede, 1973), the communist threat (Lokalisierung von Rotwerten, 1972), environmental damage ( Skyline, 1972) and war (Lokalisierung Rot/Rosa, 1972 My Lai).
The best-known work of this group is a rigged German Flag (Korrektur der Nationalfarben, 1972), wherein the three colours black - red - gold valued in different sizes are defined by the distribution of wealth in West Germany. This flag was hoisted in front of the documenta 5.
From the late'70s Brehmer - in addition to the continued production of graphics and drawings - he began to paint. The motives are collected from scientific journals thermography, sonogram, etc..
Besides the graphics, panel paintings and drawings Brehmer produced films (such as "walking" 16 mm, 20 min., B / w, sound, "Kleistfilm", 16 mm, 9 min., Color, sound, several documentaries on performances by J. Beuys, Moorman C., A. Kaprow, A. Koepcke, P. Polke and others) and compositions based on graphical templates ("Seele und Gefühl eines Arbeiters", 1978; "Composition No. 3" "(In Form eines Spitzkleeblattes)", 1983, etc.)
The visualization of social developments and political trends can be seen as the “common” thread in his art.
Group Exhibitions.
"KP Brehmer did not focussed on individual exhibitions. He appeared in group exhibitions because of the more interesting artistic exchanges."(Quote, Monika Brehmer)

</doc>
<doc id="19877976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877976" title="Card Game 9">
Card Game 9

Card Game 9 is a card game-based video game released for the Nintendo DS only in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19877998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19877998" title="Idaho Centennial Trail">
Idaho Centennial Trail

The 900 Mile (1,448 km) Idaho Centennial Trail (ICT) is a scenic trail through Idaho. It winds its way through various ecosystems from high desert canyonlands in southern Idaho to wet mountain forests in Northern Idaho. ICT travelers will cross many mountains, streams and rivers in between. Below find information about the Idaho Centennial Trail in regards to its history, route, elevation gain and loss, controlling agencies, maps, and trail guide.
History.
The notion of a trail connecting the Northern and Southern borders of Idaho was first envisioned in the early 1980s. Roger Williams and Syd Tate came up with the idea in 1986. Williams and Tate were made a challenging three month long, twelve hundred mile journey over the entire length of Idaho and in the process the idea of an official trail route was born.
The ICT was designated as the official state trail during Idaho’s Centennial year in 1990 by the Lasting Legacy Committee of the Idaho Centennial Commission. Since then the number of hikers completing the trail have remained low.
Route.
The Idaho Centennial Trail (ICT) route is along existing trails and primitive roads. Hikers typically start at the southern trailhead near Murphy Hot Springs on the Idaho-Nevada border in early June when snow levels are starting to recede and travel northward through high desert with the goal of entering higher country before the heat of summer sets in. As thru-hikers approach the Sawtooth Mountains the snows have receded enough by mid-July to allow for easier and safer travel. The end of the trail at the Idaho-British Columbia border must then be reached before the snows of late September/early October.
The ICT is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness, the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness and the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness for more than 300 miles (483 km). Within these areas the trail borders Middle Fork of the Salmon River and the Selway River. These rivers are both bestowed with the designation as National Wild and Scenic Rivers a designation due largely to Frank Church of whom one of Idaho's Wilderness areas is named.
North of the Selway-Bitterroot, the trail hop-scotches along the Idaho-Montana border on the backbone of the Bitterroot Mountains for more than 85 miles (137 km) on high ridges. Dozens of high mountain lakes along this portion of the route will beckon angler and those who delight in scenery.
Elevation Gain and Loss.
The trail features many climbs and descents losing and gaining elevation to cross a river or canyon, and then climbing once again to a high ridge. The Centennial Trail begins at 6,000 feet (1,829 m) near Murphy Hot Springs, descends to 2,500 feet (762 m) at the Snake River near Glenns Ferry, and then yo-yos up and down through the mountains of Central Idaho between 3,000 (914 m) and 9,000 feet (2,743 m). The trail’s low point (1,900 feet (579 m) above sea level) is along the Selway River near the Moose Creek Guard Station, and then it climbs again to high points between 5,000 (1,524 m) and 6,000 feet (1,829 m) in the Cabinet Mountains and Selkirk Mountains as the trail approaches the northern boundary.
Controlling Agencies.
The Idaho State Centennial Trail is a cooperative effort. The Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation provides overall trail coordination. The Bureau of Land Management manages of southern section of trail. The U.S. Forest Service manages of the middle and northern sections of the trail and private and other public land agencies allow trail users to cross their property for continuity.
Maps.
U.S. Forest Service maps, Bureau of Land Management maps, and U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) 1-24,000 scale topographic hard copy maps or topographic software such as National Geographic TOPO! are recommended for planning and on-trail use. A trail map is available for digital download in seventy-six separate PDF files at the Idaho Parks and Recreation Department Web site (see links section below). The link below does not lead to the PDF files but they can be found by searching the Idaho Parks and Recreation Web site.
Trail Guide.
In 1998 Stephen Stuebner's "Idaho Centennial Trail Guidebook" was published. This guidebook, although well written is considered to be out of date by the Idaho Centennial Trail coordinator, Leo Hennessey.

</doc>
<doc id="19878026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878026" title="List of National Football League and Arena football players">
List of National Football League and Arena football players

The following is a list of American football players that have played in BOTH the Arena Football League as well as the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19878029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878029" title="José Fiolo">
José Fiolo

José Sylvio Fiolo (born March 2, 1950 in Campinas) is a former international breaststroke swimmer from Brazil.
Fiolo participated for his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics: 1968 Mexico City, 1972 Munich and 1976 Montreal. In 1968, he obtained the 4th place in the 100-metre breaststroke; also participated in the 200-metre breaststroke and 4×100-metre medley, not going to the finals. In 1972, he was 6th in the 100-metre breaststroke, and along the Brazilian relay, ranked 5th in the 4×100-metre medley. Also attended the 200 meter breaststroke, not going to the finals. In 1976, participated in the 100-metre breaststroke, not going to the finals.
His greatest achievement occurred on February 19, 1968, at age 17, when, alone in the pool but in front of a crowd in the stands of the Clube de Regatas Guanabara, in Rio de Janeiro – the same place and the same way as Manuel dos Santos broke seven years before the world record of 100-metre freestyle – he established the World Record for the 100-metre breaststroke race, with a time of 1:06.4.
Fiolo also holds seven medals in Pan American Games. 
At the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Fiolo won two gold medals in the 100-metre and 200-metre breaststroke events, and a bronze medal in the 4×100-metre medley.
At the 1971 Pan American Games in Cali, Fiolo won two bronze medals in the 100-metre breaststroke and 4×100-metre medley events. He also finished 5th in the 200-metre breaststroke. In the 4×100-metre medley, he broke the South American record, with a time of 4:02.94.
At the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Fiolo won two bronze medals in the 100-metre breaststroke and 4×100-metre medley events. He also finished 6th in the 200-metre breaststroke. 
He's been living in Australia for more than 20 years. His son, Pietro Figlioli, was player of water polo of the Australian team, and now, by the Italian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19878042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878042" title="Shelton Sheriff's Department">
Shelton Sheriff's Department


</doc>
<doc id="19878043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878043" title="Low (Cracker song)">
Low (Cracker song)

"Low" is a song by American alternative rock band Cracker. It appears on their 1993 album "Kerosene Hat".
A number 64 hit on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May 1994, its biggest success was on the rock charts, where the song reached number three on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in November 1993 and number five on the Album Rock Tracks chart in March 1994. The music video portrayed lead singer David Lowery badly losing a boxing match with actress/comedienne Sandra Bernhard.
In 2012, the song was featured in the film "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" and its accompanying soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19878063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878063" title="Teen Angst (What the World Needs Now)">
Teen Angst (What the World Needs Now)

"Teen Angst (What the World Needs Now)" is a song and single by the alternative rock band Cracker. Released in 1992, it appeared on their debut album "Cracker". The song was also released as a successful single, and it charted at number 1 on the US Modern Rock Tracks, arguably breaking Cracker into the mainstream.
The song was later released on the compilation albums, "Garage D'Or" and "Get On with It: The Best of Cracker". A re-recording of the song appears on the album "Greatest Hits Redux".
In popular culture.
The song was made available for download on June 5, 2012 to play in Rock Band 3 Basic and PRO mode utilizing real guitar / bass guitar, and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits.

</doc>
<doc id="19878080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878080" title="Odd Eidem">
Odd Eidem

Odd Eidem (23 October 1913, Kristiania – 10 June 1988) was a Norwegian writer, journalist and literary critic. He was an active member of the political movement Mot Dag in the 1930s.
Eidem was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1978 for the flaneries "Cruise".

</doc>
<doc id="19878089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878089" title="Eric Wickman">
Eric Wickman

Carl Eric Wickman (August 7, 1887 – February 5, 1954) was the founder of the Greyhound Lines, Inc.
History persona.
Wickman was born Martis Jerk in the small village Våmhus, 15 km north of Mora in the province Dalarna, Sweden. The distinctly Dalecarlian name "Martis Jerk" literally means "Martin's Eric", i.e., 'Eric of Martin's farm'. In 1905 when "Martis Jerk" arrived in the United States as a Swedish emigrant he changed his name to "Carl Eric Wickman".
Career.
In 1905 he arrived in the U.S. and worked in a mine as a drill operator in Hibbing, Minnesota until he was laid off in 1914. In the same year, Wickman became a Hupmobile salesman as a partnership-owner. When he could not sell the first Hupmobile he received, he began operating a livery route from Hibbing and Alice, Minnesota. By using the seven multi-seat Hupmobile, he drove his former colleagues between the mines and homes. This was the start of what would later become Americas' largest bus line, renamed "Greyhound" in 1929. 
By 1934, he had expanded to 50 buses and had revenues of $340,000. In 1952, he sold out of the business for $960,000. Wickman began buying up small businesses, establishing Northland Transportation Co. In 1954, Great Northern Railway bought 80% of Northland for $240,000. Leaving that concern largely in Great Northern's hands, Wickman formed Greyhound Corp., a holding company for other bus lines which he and associates proceeded to buy.
Family.
In 1916 Wickman married Olga Rodin, a Swedish-American. They had two children Robert (Bob) and Peggy (Margaret).
John Wickman, Eric's brother and President of the Florida Chapter had three children. Olga(Porter), Jean(Bogess) and Kathy( Montefusco) Wickman. Olga married Dave Porter and they resided Washington state with their two children Vic Porter and Dorothy Porter. Olga passed away on January 24th 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19878096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878096" title="Federal Building and Post Office">
Federal Building and Post Office

Federal Building and Post Office, and variations such as prefixed by Old, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19878133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878133" title="HN3">
HN3

HN3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19878150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878150" title="Mario Scavello">
Mario Scavello

Mario Scavello is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 176th Legislative District of Pennsylvania. He is currently a member of the House Appropriations, Ethics, Finance, Professional Licensure, and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
Career.
Prior to his election to the House, Scavello was the mayor of Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania and former chairman of the Monroe County Board of Commissioners.
Scavello was first elected in a special election held April 23, 2002 to replace Chris Wogan, who was elected to serve on the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas. The combination of Wogan's resignation and statewide redistricting eliminated the Philadelphia district and triggered a special election for the new district in Monroe County. Scavello defeated Democrat Joseph Battisto with over 60% of the vote to take the seat. He was elected to a full term in the 2004 general election and has been re-elected to each succeeding session of the House.
Personal.
Scavello is a graduate of Theodore Roosevelt High School in the Bronx, New York and attended the City University of New York. He personally identifies as a conservative Republican.
He lives in Mount Pocono with his wife Mary Ann, and has two grown daughters. In his free time, Scavello volunteers with many community groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19878186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878186" title="Lauren Shakely">
Lauren Shakely

Lauren Shakely (born 1948 Cleveland, Ohio) is an American poet, editor, and publisher.
Life.
Her grandfather was Federal Appeals Judge Warren L. Jones.
She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Denison University in 1970.
Since the publication of this book, she has worked in the publishing industry for more than 20 years, holding senior editorial positions at Rizzoli, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, "Aperture", and "ARTnews".
She is now senior vice president and the publisher of Clarkson Potter Publishing, a division of Random House, which publishes among others, Martha Stewart.
Her work appeared in "Sulfur", "Aperture",
She lives in Brooklyn.
Work.
Her poem "My Father in a Foreign Country" offers one vision of survival:
After dinner, the coffee boy spoke to him.
He heard the sound, silver sliding on silver,
rose up blinking and dripping.
The ladies demanded satisfaction,
but my father said nothing:
the boy was so young,
the urn was so heavy,
the customs, as always,
so different from his own.
Reviews.
The contest judge, poet Diane Wakoski, said the work was a powerful and terrifying ironic vision of twentieth-century urban madness and the desire to survive it not by love, understanding, historic or mythic renewal by death, or even humor. But rather, by blinding wit, piercing irony and an uncompromising attention to truth.

</doc>
<doc id="19878188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878188" title="Cameron McAllister">
Cameron McAllister

Cameron McAllister is a British television writer and producer, best known for producing television series such as "Daylight Robbery", "Jericho" and ITV science-fiction drama "Primeval".
He has also written for "Hollyoaks", "Mile High", "", "Holby City", "Emmerdale" and in 2009 co-wrote an episode of "New Tricks". Since 2009, Cameron has worked as a core writer on Emmerdale.

</doc>
<doc id="19878261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878261" title="Gunnar Bull Gundersen">
Gunnar Bull Gundersen

Gunnar Bull Gundersen (5 April 1929 - 7 November 1993) was a Norwegian sailor, novelist, playwright and lyricist.
Gunnar Bull Gundersen was born in Stavanger, in Rogaland, Norway. Gundersen grew up with changing foster parents and at different boarding schools. He referred to his young years as a very itinerant childhood and said he had visited 10 schools and been expelled from three of them. Shortly after World War II, he went to sea. He was welfare secretary in the State Welfare Office for the merchant navy ("Statens Velferdskontor for Handelsflåten"), where he was stationed in Antwerp, Rotterdam and Liverpool. He took the exam officer and later captain examinations at Oslo Public Seamen's School ("Oslo Offentlige Sjømannsskole") in 1953 and sailed for some years as an officer in foreign trade. At one time he was also captain of the ferry between Nesodden and Oslo. As a newly qualified officer was hired as stage manager at the Radio Theatre for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.
Gundersen was active in many fields. He was a theater director, novelist, playwright, emcee of radio and television, and wrote lyrics with jazz musicians or in concert with his friend and colleague, lyricist Harald Sverdrup (1923–1992). He also made an important contribution as an enthusiastic jazz communicates through a long series of radio programs in 1960 - 1970. In addition, he was a frequent contributor to the press.
In 1956, he made his literary debut with the novel "Om natten – en bakgårdsfantasi". He was soon noticed for his sure sense of language and fanciful imagination, which would become his trademarks. Gundersen published twelve novels receiving positive reviews and earning four awards. Gundersen was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1959 for the novel "Martin". For the stage, he wrote several plays and in collaboration with Jon Michelet created a distinct tendency theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19878266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878266" title="Poison dress">
Poison dress

The tale known as "The Poison Dress", or "Embalmed Alive" features a dress that has in some way been poisoned. This is a recurring theme throughout legends and folk tales of various cultures, including ancient Greece, Mughal India, and the United States. Although there is no evidence suggesting that the American urban legends are directly linked to the classical tales, they share several common motifs.
Greek mythology.
In Greek mythology, when Jason left the sorceress Medea to marry Glauce, King Creon's daughter, Medea took her revenge by sending Glauce a poison dress and a golden coronet, also dipped in poison. This resulted in the death of the princess and, subsequently, the king, when he tried to save her.
The Shirt of Nessus is the shirt smeared with the poisoned blood of the centaur Nessus, which was given to Hercules by Hercules' wife, Deianira. Deianira had been tricked by Nessus into believing that his blood would ensure that Hercules would remain faithful. According to Sophocles' tragedy "The Women of Trachis", Hercules began to perspire when he donned the shirt, which soon clung to his flesh, corroding it. He eventually threw himself onto a pyre on Mount Oeta in extreme agony and was burnt to death.
Indian folklore.
Numerous tales of poison khilats (robes of honour) have been recorded in historical, folkloric, and medical texts of British Indianists. Gifts of clothing were common in major life-cycle rituals in pre-industrial India, and these stories revolve around fears of betrayal, inspired by ancient custom of giving khilats to friends and enemies as demonstrations of a social relationship or a political alliance. 
In 1870, Norman Chevers, M.D., a Surgeon-Major to the Bengal Medical Service, authored "Manual of Medical Jurisprudence for India", describing unusual crimes involving poisons native to India. The book included three cases of poison khilat death, attributing the cause of one of the deaths to lethal vesicants impregnating fabric of the robe and entering victim's sweat pores.
American urban legends.
The theme of the poison dress appears in several American urban legends, which were recorded in folklore collections and journal articles in the 1940s and 1950s. Folklorist Stith Thompson noted the classical prototype in these stories, "Shirt of Nessus", and assigned Motif D1402.5, "Magic shirt burns wearer up". Jan Harold Brunvand provides the summary of one of the stories:
Folklorist Ernest Baughman speculated that the story might have been used as adverse publicity to discredit a well-known store, since several variants of the story specifically mention the name of the store at which the dress was supposedly purchased. The legend continued to be told long after its initial popularity, with "embalming fluid" sometimes replacing the formaldehyde mentioned in the earlier version. This urban legend was dramatized in the episode "," from the crime-scene drama, "".
Also related to the poison-dress theme is the prevalence of smallpox-contaminated blankets, which were allegedly given to native Americans. This example too, may be largely apocryphal, and there is considerable debate about its authenticity.

</doc>
<doc id="19878320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878320" title="BASEketball">
BASEketball

BASEketball is a 1998 American sports comedy film by David Zucker starring "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with Dian Bachar, Robert Vaughn, Ernest Borgnine, Yasmine Bleeth, and Jenny McCarthy. The movie follows the history of the sport (created by Zucker years earlier) of the same name, from its invention by the lead characters as a game they could win against more athletic types, to its development as a nationwide league sport and a target of corporate sponsorship. This is the only work involving Parker and Stone that was neither written, directed, nor produced by them, although Zucker himself has said Parker and Stone contributed innumerable suggestions for the film, most of which were used.
Plot.
At Game 6 of the 1977 World Series, Joe "Coop" Cooper catches Reggie Jackson's third home run in the stands and proclaims to his best friend, Doug Remer, that "One day, I'm gonna be a big sports star."
16 years later, Coop (Trey Parker) and Remer (Matt Stone) are 23 and unemployed and about to have their gas shut off. They arrive uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate of theirs. After finding out that their classmates have grown up and moved on with their lives, Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting hoops on the driveway basketball court. There, two other former classmates challenge them to a game. The two see that their opponents are very good at basketball, so they say they will only play a new game they picked up "in the hood".
Clearly making this new game up as they go, Coop originally proposes the game Horse, but changes it to basketball with baseball rules: shots made from different locations count as singles, doubles, triples, and home runs, and missed shots count as outs. During the challenger's first shot, Coop "psyches" him out to make him miss; this is another rule made up on the spot. A "psyche out" can be anything said or done that makes the offense lose their concentration and miss their shot. Essentially "BASEketball" is a hybrid of "Horse," "Around The World" and a lot of trash talking. Coop and Remer continue playing their new game, "BASEketball", and add a third member to their team, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari (Dian Bachar).
Six months later, people come from miles around to watch them play the game they created against other neighborhood teams. Ted Denslow (Ernest Borgnine) shows up to propose creation of the National BASEketball League (NBL), with numerous rules in place to prevent the sport from deteriorating as other sports had done: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, and individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals.
Five years after creation of the league, the NBL is in full swing with stadiums, teams, fans, and a major championship (the Denslow Cup). During the 1997 championship, Denslow, who is the owner of the Milwaukee Beers for whom Coop and Remer both play, chokes on a hot dog and dies. Denslow's will grants Coop ownership of the Beers for one year; if they do not win the next Denslow Cup, ownership reverts to Denslow's widow Yvette (Jenny McCarthy).
The owner of the Dallas Felons, Baxter Cain (Robert Vaughn), wants to change the league rules to allow teams to move cities and players to switch teams, but could not accomplish this while Denslow was alive. Yvette would have been willing to comply had she been given ownership of the team, but Coop refuses to accept any of the proposed changes. Cain and Yvette work together to make sure the Beers will lose the next Denslow Cup and Yvette will win ownership of the team.
In a private conversation at Cain's office, Cain tells Remer that Coop has said no to Cain's plans without talking to the other members of the Beers. Remer then goes to the Beers behind Coop's back and tells the team what he learned from Cain. After Remer and the other members of the Beers confront him, Coop and Remer have an argument, using the word, "dude" multiple times. Coop then agrees to split all decision making with Remer and the team. The team continues to agree that the rules should not be changed. Coop also seemingly enters into a relationship with Jenna, despite Remer's attempts to get between them.
Cain cuts the funds to Jenna's foundation, forcing Coop and Remer to ask Cain for help. Cain suggests creating a clothing line and sending the proceeds to her foundation. Coop is entirely against it, but Remer, as part team owner, immediately agrees, and becomes so obsessed with his newfound fame that he alienates Coop. After they win the league semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer through photos that their clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta. If the public learns about it, the team and Jenna's foundation will be ruined. Cain threatens to show the photos to the public unless Coop and Remer lose or skip the Denslow Cup game. Jenna learns about the child labor scandal and breaks it off with Coop. Coop blames Remer for the mess, while Remer blames Coop for saying no to Cain's plan in the first place. They have a falling out, and Coop decides to go to Calcutta to resolve the situation.
Coop replaces all the child workers in the factory with adult workers and makes it back just as the fifth annual Denslow Cup begins. The Beers start with an abysmal performance, failing to make one hit in six innings. At the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16–0, and Coop and Remer continue to fight and blame each other. After a moving speech from Squeak, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences and Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. Coop, Remer, and Squeak finally get back into the game and start scoring.
In the bottom of the ninth, Remer is on second, Squeak is on third, and Coop is up when his custom-made BASEketball (La-Z-Boy) pops. Joey brings Coop a new custom-made BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. Coop misses, but successfully completes the conversion, which is considered a home run for the win and the Denslow Cup. He meets Reggie Jackson after the game, who wishes him luck in the next season. Coop and Jenna reunite while Remer hooks up with Yvette, as the team happily carries Squeak on the Denslow Cup.
A post credits scene shows Al Michaels and Bob Costas (as themselves) in the broadcast booth after the game repeating Coop and Remer's "Dude" argument and then drawing down a curtain as they are seemingly about to kiss.
Cast.
Cameo appearances as themselves:
BASEketball teams.
All of the teams represent stereotypes and include references to their respective areas:
When the league began to spin out of control, it was supposedly inundated with expansion teams. During the scene describing the extremely complex playoff system (complete with "a blind-choice round robin" and "the two-man sack race held on consecutive Sundays"), references were made to teams in Boston, Buffalo, Atlanta, Indianapolis, Charlotte, Oakland, Toronto, Tampa, Baltimore, Pittsburgh and Denver. No team names or mascots were given for these.
Some teams on the bracket behind Kenny Mayne and Dan Patrick can also be made out if a viewer looks closely, adding even more cities, not all of which make sense. These include New York, Cleveland, Sacramento, Pasadena, Cincinnati, Philadelphia, Green Bay, St. Paul, Anaheim, Salem, Burbank, Morgantown, Tucson, Phoenix, Jackson, Tulsa, St. Louis, Oklahoma City, Chicago, San Diego, Santa Monica, Las Vegas, Lincoln, Knoxville, Memphis, Baltimore and Cairo. It appears there is also a Hawaiian Division, which included Oahu, Maui and a team named "Volcano".
Reception.
"BASEketball" was released to mixed reviews, earning 41% approval from 49 critics on review-aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes but receiving a 74% approval rating from audiences. It also garnered a score of 38 out of 100 from 18 critics on Metacritic.
Yasmine Bleeth and Jenny McCarthy were given nominations at the 1998 Golden Raspberry Awards for Worst Actress and Worst Supporting Actress respectively for their performances in "BASEketball", but did not "win."
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack featured a bouncy ska cover of Norwegian band a-ha's signature single "Take on Me" by Reel Big Fish. The band also appears as the live entertainment at the home stadium of the Milwaukee Beers, playing "Take on Me" and several of their other songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19878327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878327" title="Bridgeport Police Department">
Bridgeport Police Department

The Bridgeport Police Department is the primary law enforcement agency in Bridgeport, Fairfield County, Connecticut. It is responsible for most law enforcement within the geographical boundary of City of Bridgeport, with the exception of :
Notably, Bridgeport was the first city in New England to deploy radio patrol police cars in September 1933.
Park Law Enforcement.
Law enforcement in Bridgeport's parks is handled by the Bridgeport Park Police Department, a separate department devoted to law enforcement in Bridgeport's parks. 
Officer Salary.
In 2012, the maximum annual salary for police officers was $168,374.
Crime.
The department enforces the laws within Connecticut's most populous city. Bridgeport has the 56th largest metro area in the United States. Consequently there is a considerable amount of criminal activity the department has to contain and neutralize. This may range from occurrences of (but not limited) to gang violence, car theft, standoffs, murder and muggings.
Major Standoffs.
July 2008 Stand Off.
This was a 7 hour standoff situation off of Capital Avenue with a mentally unstable man who was heavily armed and believed he was a Soviet spy. The man barricaded himself in his home with his family, including his wife and several children. The standoff lasted for several hours and was a top story in Connecticut.
January 2008 Stand Off.
In January 2008 a 30-minute standoff occurred in January 2008. Several buildings and streets were evacuated to make way for police. After 30 minutes the police arrested the man for breach of peace.
June 2007 Stand Off.
A two-day-long standoff results in Andy Garcia being arrested. The situation apparently started when police received a shots-fired call in the middle of the day, someone reported the suspects name and licence-plate number to police. The licence-plate number lead police to a house on Seaview Ave. Police say when they arrived at the house a man began opening fire at them. They evacuated the neighborhood, blocked off the street and put the house under surveillance.
click here for a picture of this standoff
March 2005 Stand Off.
In March 2005, a man was arrested after shooting at and having a standoff with Bridgeport police officers. Police responded to a dispute call with guns involved on Black Rock Avenue. According to police the suspect had two shotguns and a rifle in the apartment and was firing at Bridgeport police while having a dispute with a woman.
The current chief is Joseph Gaudett.
Media.
In the 2008 film, "Pistol Whipped", Steven Seagal plays an ex-cop from the Bridgeport Police Department.

</doc>
<doc id="19878339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878339" title="1997 Libyan Super Cup">
1997 Libyan Super Cup

The 1997 Libyan Super Cup was a two-legged football match that took place between Friday, October 24, 1997 and Monday, October 27 between LPL winners Al Tahaddy and Libyan Al Fatah Cup winners Al Nasr. This was the first edition of the competition, and as this was an all-Benghazi final, both legs were played at the March 28 Stadium, consequently the home stadium of both sides. Al Tahaddy won the match 1-0 over the two legs, and claimed the first Super Cup title.

</doc>
<doc id="19878341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878341" title="Namibian Coast Conservation and Management Project">
Namibian Coast Conservation and Management Project

The Namibian Coast Conservation and Management Project (NACOMA) is a conservation and wildlife monitoring project operating in Namibia. NACOMA, as it is known, was officially launched in March 2006 as a five-year project co-funded by the Global Environmental Facility (GEF) and the Namibian government with the support of the World Bank.
NACOMA's objectives are to prevent the loss of biodiversity and coastal degradation in Namibia and to promote sustainable development which comply with global environmental demands on a localised and national level.
NACOMA has centers for scientific monitoring and research along the coast of Namibia including Mercury Island, Ichaboe Island, Halifax Island and the Possession Islands, islands which support the entire Namibian breeding population of Cape Gannets "Morus capensis", 96% of the Namibian population of the endangered African Penguin "Spheniscus demersus", and nearly one quarter of the global breeding population of Crowned Cormorants "Phalacrocorax coronatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19878347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878347" title="Hero Indian Open">
Hero Indian Open

The Hero Indian Open is a golf tournament on the Asian Tour that has been held for several years at the Delhi Golf Club. 
The inaugural event was held in 1964 and won by Peter Thomson of Australia, who was the inspiration behind the event. Thomson used to stop off in India whilst travelling worldwide to play and soon realised the potential for golf and that the best way to promote it would be an international tournament. It was this insight that persuaded the Indian Golf Union to establish the Indian Open. Thompson continued to play in the event and won again in 1966 and 1976 a record. His three wins has only been equalled by Jyoti Randhawa in 2007. 
The first home-bred winner was amateur Prem Gopal (Billoo) Sethi, who in 1965 won by seven strokes, and still remains the only amateur winner. It was not until 1991, when Ali Sher became champion, that India had another winner; he won again in 1993. Since then Indians Firoz Ali (1998), Arjun Atwal (1999), Jyoti Randhawa (2000, 2006, and 2007) and Vijay Kumar (2002) have all won.
In 1970 the Indian Open became part of the Asia Golf Circuit and as a result the field increased in strength with notable winners such as three time major champion Payne Stewart.
There have been a number of sponsors over the years, with Hero Honda Motors Ltd taking over sponsorship in 2005. The prize fund for 2009 increased to US$1.25 million. It and the Iskandar Johor Open in Malaysia, which has the same prize fund, were the events with the largest prizes sanctioned solely by the Asian Tour. The Singapore Open had held the distinction with a US$5 million purse, but it became co-sanctioned by the European Tour from 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19878389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878389" title="Oasis Academy Brightstowe">
Oasis Academy Brightstowe

Oasis Academy Brightstowe is an secondary school with academy status in Bristol, England. It opened in September 2008 in the buildings of the former Portway Community School.
Sponsors.
Oasis Academy Brightstowe is sponsored by Oasis Community Learning, which is a separate charity, but is part of the Oasis Global family. Oasis UK, a Christian organisation, was founded by Rev Steve Chalke M.B.E. in 1985, and began its work in the UK but now delivers educational, healthcare and housing projects throughout the world.
Oasis Community Learning sponsor ten other academies across the UK, including South Bristol, Grimsby, Immingham, Enfield, Salford, Croydon and Southampton East and West.
About.
Oasis Academy Brightstowe is an independent Academy for 11 to 16 year olds, located in Shirehampton, North Bristol. The Academy opened in September 2008 in the recently redeveloped buildings of the former Portway School. The facilities include an on-site restaurant, sports hall and learning resource centre. Currently Nazanin Jahared is head girl and Jack Harvey is Head Boy. Deputy head girl is Magda Dolega and deputy Head Boy is Xavier Barthelet.
Specialism.
The specialism of this Academy is Mathematics and ICT with Business and Enterprise, and these disciplines are emphasised throughout the curriculum.
Oasis Academy Brightstowe was given £1.8million to develop a 21st-century ICT capability, providing current technology, a Learning Resource Centre, access to Wi-Fi Internet and a Virtual Learning Environment. 

</doc>
<doc id="19878404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878404" title="Saeed Reza Ghaffari">
Saeed Reza Ghaffari

Dr Saeed Reza Ghaffari () is an Iranian scientist and physician born in 1962, Fasa, Iran. He graduated from Tehran Medical School in 1986. He received his MSc and PhD degrees in medical Genetics from Glasgow university, UK. He is the first Iranian doctor who obtained MSc, MD and PhD in medical genetics. He has founded the Iranian Fetal Medicine Foundation (FMF Iran), Hope Generation Foundation of Iran, Center for prevention of congenital disorders and developmental delays and the "Gene Clinic". He is the founder of the "Electronic Journal of Medical Genetics" and current elected head of the Iranian Society of Medical Genetics. Dr Ghaffari has pioneered the Down syndrome and newborn screening programs using Tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) in Iran. "Iranian Genetic Core Facility" designed and established by Dr Ghaffari was opened officially in February 2010 in Imam hospital, Tehran, Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19878410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878410" title="United States v. Feola">
United States v. Feola

United States v. Feola, 420 U.S. 671 (1975) is a United States Supreme Court case in which the court held that conspiracy to assault a federal officer, like the substantive crime of assaulting a federal officer, doesn't require knowledge that the victims were federal officers.
The case involved a drug "rip-off" in which the defendant and his co-conspirators agreed to sell sugar as heroin to unsuspecting buyers. They agreed that if the buyers discovered their ruse, they would jump the buyers and take their money. The sellers didn't know that the buyers were all undercover federal narcotics agents. Although the sellers tried to assault one of the agents, another agent pulled out his revolver and the agents eventually arrested the sellers. 
The court's opinion addressed—and eventually dispensed with—Judge Learned Hand's famous analogy in "United States v. Crimmins" 123 F.2d 271, 273 (2d Cir. 1941). Hand noted that conspiracy to commit mail fraud was akin to conspiracy to run a red light - both substantive crimes don't require knowledge beforehand. But agreement or conspiracy requires knowledge that there is such a red light, or that the mails will be used. The Court characterized this analogy as "effective prose...bad law." 420, at 689-90. The court argued that conspiracy agreements don't require agreement on every point of the crime, and so imposing a higher agreement requirement for a conspiracy to assault was illogical in light of the policy reasons for criminalizing conspiracy. The court identified these reasons as protecting society from concerted criminal activity and the social threat posed even by an inchoate crime.
Instead the court reasoned that because the conspiracy statute didn't require a higher "mens rea" than the substantive crime, the same "mens rea" requirement applies to both by default. The court reasoned that one purpose of the assault statute was to provide a federal forum (specific jurisdiction) for assaults on federal officers. Therefore conspiracy to assault a federal officer didn't require proof that the defendant knew that his intended victim was a federal officer.
Justice Potter Stewart dissented, arguing that the structure of the assault statute and legislative history of its predecessor supported his interpretation that the statute only applied if the defendant knew his victim was a federal officer.

</doc>
<doc id="19878449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878449" title="John Edward Sharman">
John Edward Sharman

John Edward Sharman, DSC and Bar and Croix de guerre (11 September 1892 – 22 July 1917) was a Canadian Flying Ace in World War I credited with 8 victories.
Background.
Sharman was born in Oak Lake, Manitoba to parents Thomas Higgins Sharman and Frances A Sharman. He was the oldest child in his family, followed by his younger sister Beverly and his younger brother Thomas. He attended University in Toronto where he studied to become a Mining Engineer. His father served in the 90th Winnipeg Rifles during the North West Rebellion of 1885 and then as a member of the Militia with the 12th Manitoba Dragoons. His brother Thomas stayed on the family farm during the Great War and eventually took over after his father's death and worked it until his own death. His sister Beverly studied and became a school teacher spending the majority of her career teaching at Balmoral Hall in Winnipeg, Manitoba. There were no children born to John or any of his siblings.
Involvement in World War I.
Sharman joined the Royal Naval Air Service on 3 February 1916 and served with 3 Wing until its disbandment in April 1917. Flying Sopwith 1½ Strutter aircraft, he participated in at least twenty-nine raids and claimed one enemy aircraft destroyed. Sharman was cited by the French General Castelnau for services in eleven of these raids, notably two raids on the same day on Freiburg and was awarded the Croix de guerre.
From 1 May 1917, Sharman was posted to form part of the nucleus of 10(N) Squadron, flying Sopwith Triplanes; his flight commander was the notable Canadian Ace Raymond Collishaw. In June and July 1917 Sharman claimed seven victories and became a flight commander on 9 July 1917.
Death.
On 22 July 1917, Sharman and the rest of C Flight set off for a morning patrol at around 0725 hrs. His flight was patrolling the area between Ypres ad Messines when they encountered scouts from JG1. As he engaged the first aircraft, his Triplane received a direct hit from anit-aircraft fire. He was probably hit by fire from Flak Batterie 503. John Sharman is commemorated on the Arras Memorial to the Missing. During the same dogfight, FLt J. Page was shot down and killed by Ltn Otto Brauneck. They were both shot down in the same area around Comines-Warneton, Belgium.
Sharman and Page are buried side by side at Pont-Du-Hem Military Cemetery, La Gorgue, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19878461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878461" title="Oasis Academy John Williams">
Oasis Academy John Williams

Oasis Academy: John Williams is a secondary school with an academy status in the Hengrove district of Bristol, England. Opened in 2008, it is run by the Christian charity Oasis Trust.
History.
Before 2008, the school was known as Hengrove Community Arts College and then Oasis Academy: Bristol, before adopting its current name in September 2010, in tribute of the school's founding Principal, John Williams, who had died of a heart attack.
Events.
On 8 October 2012, The Countess of Wessex visited to celebrate the academy's work on dyslexia and literacy. To commemorate her visit, she unveiled a plaque.

</doc>
<doc id="19878462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878462" title="Mag-ingat Ka Sa... Kulam">
Mag-ingat Ka Sa... Kulam

Mag-ingat Ka Sa... Kulam or Kulam is a Filipino horror film starring Judy Ann Santos and Dennis Trillo. It is produced and released by Regal Films as part of their year-long 48th anniversary celebration. The film was released domestically on October 1, 2008. The film received an "A" rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board and rated PG-13 by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board.
<br>
The film is about a married woman who starts behaving unpredictably as she recovers from a terrible car accident.
Plot.
Ever since Mira (Judy Ann Santos) woke up from a car accident, she started seeing things that she could not explain. She felt paranormal activity is occurring inside their house. Although she could not remember anything that happened before the accident, Dave came to her house and explained to her that she was supposed to leave her husband, Paul and elope with him. Dave told her that she loved him and she trusted a secret to him. Mira learned that Paul had another sexmate before which caused their relationship to deteriorate. Even her blind child, Sophie seemed aloof and is scared of her. She started to patch things up between her and her family but she could not forget what Dave told her about trusting him her secret.
Mira called up Dave to meet him and Dave explained to her the secret she seemed to have forgotten already because of the accident. Dave told her how she had a twin sister named Maria that she left in a mental institute because she had been insane since their mother's death. Mira and Dave went to the mental institute to see Maria but the doctor said that Maria had died a month back and since no one claimed her body, they took the corpse to a University for study. She told Paul about this which surprised him, all along not knowing that Mira ever had a twin sister. Paul called the university to claim the corpse and then had it cremated.
Mira and Paul's daughter, Sophie, underwent an eye transplant. Sophie was so excited to see the eclipse as this is her first time to see again since she got blind. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw a woman standing behind her mother and the people around were wondering who she was seeing since no other people were there.
Paul and Mira could no longer take the paranormal activity so they decided to consult a medium to help them. The old man told Mira and Paul that a powerful black magic is due to acquire a physical body on the eclipse when all spirits become more powerful. The medium found a doll which he called "antigua", a powerful device that the bad spirit used to let itself remain in this world.
On the night of the eclipse, Sophie and Paul were watching the phenomenon when Paul caught a glimpse of something white approaching them. It was Maria's body. He took Sophie inside the house and in her room, he found a tape which when he played in Sophie's video cam recorder, he saw it was recorded by Mira for him. The video showed Mira videotaping herself before the car accident she went through. Mira was saying in the tape how Paul could fight Maria. In the room where Mira was, her body became that of Maria. The twist was then revealed. It was Maria who came back from the car accident and it was Mira who died in the asylum and got cremated. Mira had been dead all along and it was Maria who used her body to come back to the world and take vengeance against Mira through her family.
Mira recalled that their mother was a mangkukulam and tried to transfer her powers to the twins when they were young. Being the braver one, Mira tried to contradict their mother's chants as she did not want to learn about her evil doings and voodoo magic. When the twin grew up, Mira decided to run away from home, leaving Maria behind. Their mother died soon after. Mira attended the burial and realized that Maria had gone insane, claiming she could talk to things that Mira could not see. Mira then told her twin that she would bring her with her to Manila. It turned out though that Mira sent her to a mental institute. Maria was left heartbroken. One night, she stayed up late and did a powerful black magic so that her and Mira's body could switch. The chant was effective although when Maria's soul transferred to Mira's body who was on the way to the mental asylum to stop Maria from doing any harm to her family, the car got into a horrible accident. Maria, who woke up in Mira's body could no longer remember anything while Mira who found herself in Maria's body woke up from the trance already in the asylum.
In the present, Paul replayed the video tape that Mira left for him. Mira said that by the time that Paul got to watch the video, she would have been dead. Paul needed to trap Maria into a circle made of Mira's body's dust. Paul did this but Maria discovered the trick. She was pushed though by Sophie from behind and there, she was trapped in the circle of dust. Paul stabbed the "antigua" with a piece of wood and Maria's soul burned and disappeared. Mira's soul showed up to the father and daughter to bid her final farewell. It is hinted at the end that Mira's Daughter Sophie saw the book that is used in "kulam"
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received an "A" rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board.
Film critics praised Judy Ann Santos's performance in this film.
Box Office.
The film was a box office success. The film grossed P43.3 million on its opening weekend.
The film grossed P87.4 million on its entire theatrical run.

</doc>
<doc id="19878483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878483" title="Astrid Tollefsen">
Astrid Tollefsen

Astrid Tollefsen (1897 – 1973) was a Norwegian lyricist. She made her literary debut with the poetry collection "Portrett i speil" (1947). She lived in a long-term relationship with the lyricist Gunvor Hofmo.
Tollefsen was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1967 for the poetry collection "Hendelser". 

</doc>
<doc id="19878491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878491" title="Jackpot Comics">
Jackpot Comics

Jackpot Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc., more commonly known as MLJ Comics, for nine issues between Spring 1941 and Spring 1943. It featured new stories of a number of characters previously seen in other MLJ publications.
Publication history.
Jackpot Comics was published by MLJ Magazines Inc., the precursor to what would become the publisher Archie Comics. It featured a number of MLJ's existing characters from their other titles, "Blue Ribbon Comics", "Top-Notch Comics" and "Pep Comics": Steel Sterling written by Joe Blair and drawn by Irv Novick, Black Hood, Mr Justice by Joe Blair and Sam Cooper and Sergeant Boyle by Charles Biro. Each issue contained at least one one-page text story of either Steel Sterling or Black Hood, and sometimes both, to satisfy U.S. Postal Service requirements for magazine rates; all comic books did this through the early 1960s. The Sergeant Boyle stories in the first two issues also featured Corporal Collins, who had his own series, "Corporal Collins, Infantryman", in "Blue Ribbon Comics" at the same time. The series was edited by Harry Shorten. 
Beginning with issue #4 (Winter 1941/2) Jackpot also featured Archie and his gang, written and drawn by Bob Montana. Archie's stories in "Jackpot Comics" are notable for featuring the first appearance of his friend Reggie Mantle; originally named 'Scotty' in #5 (Spring 1942), and then Reggie in #6 (Summer 1942). From issue #5, the Steel Sterling supporting characters Clancey and Looney had their own humor strip for two issues, while later issues featured other humor strips: "Senor Siesta" by Don Dean in issue #7 (Autumn 1942), "Cubby the Bear" in #8 and "It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog" in #8-9, all by Joe Edwards, and "Porkchops" in #9.
With issue #10 (Summer 1943), "Jackpot Comics" changed its title to Jolly Jingles and also changed focus: Instead of being a "best of" anthology of the company's characters, it was now an anthology of original funny animal characters. Issue #10 introduced Super Duck, the company's longest-lasting funny animal character. The series was canceled with #16 (Winter 1944-1945), and Super Duck was given his own title.
It has not been revived since. However, in August 2009 Michael Uslan announced that five one-off comics reviving the Archie-as-superhero 'Pureheart' concept would be released in 2010, one of those titles being "Jackpot Comics"

</doc>
<doc id="19878494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878494" title="Connecticut State Marshal">
Connecticut State Marshal

The Connecticut State Marshals are peace officers in the state of Connecticut. They are authorized by the state as "an essential part of implementing the constitutional rights of individuals to access to courts and due remedies."
History.
Sheriffs existed in Connecticut prior to the adoption of its first constitution in 1818. Following several corruption scandals involving sheriffs, Article IV, Section 25 of the 1965 Constitution of the State of Connecticut, which specified the election of county sheriffs, was repealed in 2000. The sheriffs were replaced with the State Marshal System and Judicial Marshals.
The sheriffs in Connecticut had several powers and duties under Connecticut statutes: deputy sheriffs received and executed process, and special deputy sheriffs handled transportation of prisoners and courthouse security. With the abolition of sheriffs, the special deputies and their direct judicial functions were absorbed into the Judicial Branch as Judicial Marshals, and the deputy sheriffs with their civil functions became the State Marshals.
Description.
The State Marshall System consists of an eight-member State Marshal Commission, appointed for a three-year term, which sets training requirements and professional standards amongst other things; a 24-member Advisory Board – marshals elected by other marshals for one year – for communicating with the branches of government and discussing law changes and issues important to marshals; and over 200 State Marshals, allocated by county. Two members of the advisory board also sit "ex officio" on the commission. The State Marshal System is a function of the executive branch of state government, although it is also publicized by the judicial branch.
Connecticut State Marshals are not state employees: they are private contractors paid by the person or business that hires them. They are authorized by the state to perform certain duties and services, and their fees are governed by state law, although the Judicial Branch can arrange a fee waiver in certain circumstances.
Services.
Current duties and services State Marshals perform include, but are not limited to, serving process in civil matters (including mandatory serving of restraining orders); serving bench warrants; claiming monies or property in enforcing judgments; evictions; and arresting individuals in child custody matters.
Equipment.
Connecticut State Marshals have a warrant unit made up of approximately 25 State- or POST-certified uniformed officers. They are provided unmarked and marked vehicles by the State of Connecticut, generally kept at local State Police barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19878498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878498" title="Vincent Fecteau">
Vincent Fecteau

Vincent Fecteau (born 1969) is a sculptor based in San Francisco. He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1992.
He is known for working with ordinary materials such as foamcore, seashells, string, rubber bands, paper clips, walnut shells, and popsicle sticks, and transforming them into beautifully precise handcrafted sculptures. Constructed of papier-mâché, Fecteau often works on several sculptures at a time, taking a year or longer to finish each work. He layers materials and textures, revealing a painstaking creative process that alters significantly the original spherical shapes.
Fecteau's art has been included in numerous exhibitions, including the 2002 and 2012 Whitney Biennials, the 2013 Carnegie International, and a 2008 solo exhibition at the Art Institute of Chicago, Focus: Vincent Fecteau, New Work. In 2005, the Guggenheim Foundation announced Vincent Fecteau as recipient of their fellowship. His work is held in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
He is represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19878508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878508" title="No More Orchids">
No More Orchids

No More Orchids is a 1932 drama film starring Carole Lombard and Lyle Talbot as mismatched lovers, based on the novel of the same name by Grace Perkins.
Plot.
The departure of an ocean liner is held up to wait for spoiled heiress Anne Holt (Carole Lombard). Tony Gage (Lyle Talbot) expresses his contempt of her inconsiderate behavior to a fellow passenger, who agrees with him, even though she is the woman's paternal grandmother, Gran Holt (Louise Closser Hale). During the voyage, Anne and Tony become acquainted and fall in love, but he refuses to marry her because she is already engaged to Prince Carlos (Jameson Thomas) and because of the enormous financial gulf between them. He is too poor to even afford to buy her orchids.
Anne's father Bill (Walter Connolly) finds out and invites the man to dinner. He likes Tony very much. Eventually, Anne breaks down Tony's resistance and they become engaged. 
However, there is a formidable obstacle - her grandfather Jerome Cedric (C. Aubrey Smith). He had already been foiled once before in his ambition to have royalty in the family, when his daughter married Bill against his wishes. The richest man in America, Cedric had arranged the marriage to Carlos, going so far as to finance a revolution to restore the prince to his position. When he learns of the danger to his plans, he first threatens to disinherit his granddaughter; when that does not work, he informs Anne that Bill's bank is on the verge of bankruptcy and that he will not prop it up unless she marries his choice. Heartbroken, Anne gives in and breaks off her engagement to Tony without telling him why.
When Bill finds out, he lies to Anne, telling her that he has found alternate financing to save the bank. He arranges an impromptu wedding for Anne and Tony. Then, he flies off in his plane, supposedly on business, but in reality to commit suicide.
Production.
This was the first time that Lombard worked with cinematographer Joseph H. August. According to Robert Osborne of Turner Classic Movies, she was so pleased with the results, she always asked for him from then on. They reteamed for the film that made her a major star, "Twentieth Century".

</doc>
<doc id="19878517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878517" title="Oliver Morosco">
Oliver Morosco

Oliver Morosco (June 20, 1875 - August 25, 1945) was an American theatrical producer, director, writer
and theater owner.
Biography.
Born Oliver Mitchell in Logan, Utah, to John Leslie Mitchell and Esmah Badure Montrose. The Mitchells divorced, and Esmah Mitchell took her two sons to California, eventually arriving in San Francisco. At the age of six, Oliver and his brother Leslie, three years his elder, were hired by Walter M. Morosco (1846-1901) to perform in his acrobatic troup, the Royal Russian Circus, then a regular attraction at Woodward's Gardens, a popular San Francisco amusement park. 
Walter Morosco made an arrangement with Esmah Mitchell to become the foster father of her sons and to give them his name. He was a theatrical impresario as well as an acrobat, and operated Morosco's Grand Opera House, one of San Francisco's leading theaters. When Oliver was a teenager, his foster father took over operation of another San Francisco venue, the Amphitheater, and of The Auditorium at San Jose, California, and made Oliver the manager of both houses.
In 1899, Oliver Morosco moved to Los Angeles to begin his independent career as a theatrical impresario. He took over the lease on the troubled Burbank Theatre and soon made it a success with a series of stock companies and shows featuring the popular actors of the day. Such stars as Wilton Lackaye, Richard Bennett, Edgar Selwyn, and Margaret Illington appeared at the Burbank Theatre. A number of original plays were first mounted at the Burbank and later performed in New York City. These included "The Rose of the Rancho" by Richard Walton Tully, and actor-playwright Edgar Selwyn's "The Country Boy" and "The Arab."
In 1908, Morosco became the lessee of the new Majestic Theatre on Broadway in Los Angeles, and in 1911 took over the former Los Angeles Theatre on Spring Street which had for several years been the Los Angeles home of the Orpheum Vaudeville Circuit, renaming it the Lyceum Theatre. He also entered into a partnership with the Belasco-Meyer interests of San Francisco to take over management of their theaters on the west coast, including the Belasco Theatre in Los Angeles, the Burbank's chief rival as a stock house. In 1913, he opened the Morosco Theatre on Broadway, the most luxurious theater yet built in Los Angeles.
Though Los Angeles remained his home, Morosco began producing plays in New York City in 1906 and mounted over 40 productions on Broadway including "Peg o' My Heart" and "The Bird of Paradise" both starring Laurette Taylor. He contributed lyrics to a Victor Schertzinger song he had added to L. Frank Baum and Louis F. Gottschalk's musical, "The Tik-Tok Man of Oz", which he produced in 1913. Through this show he discovered Charlotte Greenwood and made her a star. In 1917, he opened the Morosco Theatre in New York.
In 1926 the once successful Morosco filed for bankruptcy, his fortune lost in part due to a large speculative purchase of land in California where he planned to create a development called "Morosco Town".
At the age of 69, Morosco was struck and killed by a streetcar in Hollywood. He had been married four times and was the father of Walter Morosco the film producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19878612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878612" title="AS Douanes (Niamey)">
AS Douanes (Niamey)

AS Douanes (fr:"Association Sportive des Douanes de Niamey" -- en:"Niamey Customs enforcement Sports Association") is a Nigerien football club based in Niamey and sponsored by the government taxation police. Prior to the 2005-6 season they played in the city of Tillabéry, and have competed in the top national league since the 2004 season, when they were promoted from the regional division 2. AS Douanes has never won a Nigerien league or cup championship, or played in the final of either competition.
2008 season.
AS Douanes finished in third place in Group A of the first round of the 2008 Niger Premier League. They failed to qualify for the championship round, but easily avoided the elimination playoff, meaning they will return for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19878629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878629" title="High-level synthesis">
High-level synthesis

High-level synthesis (HLS), sometimes referred to as "C synthesis, electronic system-level (ESL) synthesis, algorithmic synthesis, or behavioral synthesis", is an automated design process that interprets an algorithmic description of a desired behavior and creates digital hardware that implements that behavior. Synthesis begins with a high-level specification of the problem, where behavior is generally decoupled from e.g. clock-level timing. Early HLS explored a variety of input specification languages., although recent research and commercial applications generally accept synthesizable subsets of ANSI C/C++/SystemC. The code is analyzed, architecturally constrained, and scheduled to create a register-transfer level (RTL) hardware design language (HDL), which is then in turn commonly synthesized to the gate level by the use of a logic synthesis tool. The goal of HLS is to let hardware designers efficiently build and verify hardware, by giving them better control over optimization of their design architecture, and through the nature of allowing the designer to describe the design at a higher level of tools while the tool does the RTL implementation. Verification of the RTL is an important part of the process.
Hardware design can be created at a variety of levels of abstraction. The commonly used levels of abstraction are gate level, register-transfer level (RTL), and algorithmic level.
While logic synthesis uses an RTL description of the design, high-level synthesis works at a higher level of abstraction, starting with an algorithmic description in a high-level language such as SystemC and Ansi C/C++. The designer typically develops the module functionality and the interconnect protocol. The high-level synthesis tools handle the micro-architecture and transform untimed or partially timed functional code into fully timed RTL implementations, automatically creating cycle-by-cycle detail for hardware implementation. The (RTL) implementations are then used directly in a conventional logic synthesis flow to create a gate-level implementation.
History.
Early academic work extracted scheduling, allocation, and binding as the basic steps for high-level-synthesis. Scheduling partitions the algorithm in control steps that are used to define the states in the FSM. Each control step contains one small section of the algorithm that can be performed in a single clock cycle in the hardware. Allocation and binding maps the instructions and variables to the hardware components, multiplexors, registers and wires of the data path.
First generation behavioral synthesis was introduced by Synopsys in 1994 as Behavioral Compiler and used Verilog or VHDL as input languages. The abstraction level used was partially timed (clocked) processes. Tools based on behavioral Verilog or VHDL were not widely adopted in part because neither languages nor the partially timed abstraction were well suited to modeling behavior at a high level. 10 years later, in early 2004, Synopsys end-of-lifed Behavioral Compiler.
In 2004, there emerged a number of next generation commercial high-level synthesis products (also called behaviorial synthesis or algorithmic synthesis at the time) which provided synthesis of circuits specified at C level to a register transfer level (RTL) specification. Synthesizing from the popular C language offered accrued abstraction, expressive power and coding flexibility while tying with existing flows and legacy models. This language shift, combined with other technical advances was a key enabler for successful industrial usage. High-level synthesis tools are used for complex ASIC and FPGA design.
High-level synthesis was primarily adopted in Japan and Europe in the early years. As of late 2008, there was an emerging adoption in the United States.
Source Input.
The most common source inputs for high level synthesis are based on standards languages such as ANSI C/C++ and SystemC.
High level synthesis typically also includes a bit-accurate executable specification as input, since to derive an efficient hardware implementation, additional information is needed on what is an acceptable Mean-Square Error or Bit-Error Rate etc. For example, if the designer starts with a FIR filter written using the "double" floating type, before he or she can derive an efficient hardware implementation, they need to perform numerical refinement to arrive at a fixed-point implementation. The refinement requires additional information on the level of quantization noise that can be tolerated, the valid input ranges etc. This bit-accurate specification makes the high level synthesis source specification functionally complete.
Process stages.
The high-level synthesis process consists of a number of activities. Various high-level synthesis tools perform these activities in different orders using different algorithms. Some high-level synthesis tools combine some of these activities or perform them iteratively to converge on the desired solution.
Functionality.
Architectural constraints.
Synthesis constraints for the architecture can automatically be applied based on the design analysis. These constraints can be broken into
Interface synthesis.
Interface Synthesis refers to the ability to accept pure C/C++ description as its input, then use automated interface synthesis technology to control the timing and communications protocol on the design interface. This enables interface analysis and exploration of a full range of hardware interface options such as streaming, single- or dual-port RAM plus various handshaking mechanisms. With interface synthesis the designer does not embed interface protocols in the source description. Examples might be: direct connection, one line, 2 line handshake, FIFO.

</doc>
<doc id="19878635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878635" title="1998 Libyan Super Cup">
1998 Libyan Super Cup

The 1997 Libyan Super Cup was a football match that took place on Tuesday, November 24, 1998 between LPL winners Al Mahallah and Libyan Al Fatah Cup winners Al Shat. This was the second edition of the competition, and as this was an all-Tripoli final, the match was played at the 11 June Stadium. Al Mahallah won the match 3-1, and claimed the second Super Cup title.

</doc>
<doc id="19878669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878669" title="Lynn W. Enquist">
Lynn W. Enquist

Lynn W. Enquist is Henry L. Hillman Professor in Molecular Biology and Professor in the Princeton Neuroscience Institute at Princeton University. He was chair of the department of Molecular Biology, 2004-2013 .
He received his Ph.D. in Microbiology from the Medical College of Virginia, Virginia Commonwealth University in 1971 with S. Gaylen Bradley studying streptomyces biology. He did postdoctoral training at the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology from 1971 to 1973 studying bacteriophage lambda replication and recombination with Ann Skalka. He served in the Public Health Service from 1973-1981. He was a senior staff fellow at the National Institutes of Health in the laboratory of Dr. Philip Leader working with Robert Weisberg from 1974-1977 studying bacteriophage lambda site-specific recombination and development of recombinant DNA technology. He accepted a tenured staff position in the National Cancer Institute in 1977 where he continued the development of recombinant DNA technology and also began his work on neurotropic herpes viruses. In 1981 he left the National Cancer Institute to be Research Director at Molecular Genetics Incorporated in Minnetonka, Minnesota where he worked on recombinant DNA based viral vaccines. In 1984, he joined DuPont as a Research Leader where he ran a laboratory studying neurotropic viruses. In 1990, he joined DuPont Merck Pharmaceutical Company where he was a Senior Research Fellow working on developing neurotropic viruses as tools for gene therapy and studying the mammalian nervous system. In 1993, he accepted the position of tenured full professor of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. His research interests are in the field of neurovirology, specifically on the mechanisms of herpesvirus spread and pathogenesis in the mammalian nervous system. He teaches an undergraduate course in virology and won the President’s award for teaching excellence in 2001.
Dr. Enquist has published 246 articles or books and is an inventor on four US patents. He is the current editor in chief of the Annual Review of Virology. He is a member of the American Society for Microbiology, American Society for Virology, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He is a past President of the American Society for Virology. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Association for the Advancement of Sciences (AAAS). He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010. He was a member of the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity from 2005-2012.
His laboratory focuses on understanding the molecular mechanisms by which neuroinvasive alpha-herpesviruses spread in the mammalian nervous system. His work employs imaging technology, cell biology, and viral genetics to reveal how virion components move inside and between neurons. Experiments are divided between two general areas to visualize how infection spreads from one neuron to another in vitro (dissociated neurons) and in vivo (living animals and tissues). His students have developed compartmented neuronal cultures to establish separate fluid environments for neuronal axons and the soma from which they emanate. These compartmented neuronal cultures are used for in vitro study of directional infection of neurons by alpha herpesviruses. Students also have constructed a variety of herpesvirus mutants that define mechanisms of neuronal spread and provide useful tools for tracing neuronal circuitry in living animals and uncovering mechanisms of alpha-herpesvirus pathogenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19878672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878672" title="Finn Alnæs">
Finn Alnæs

Finn Alnæs (1932 – 1991) was a Norwegian novelist. He made his literary debut with the novel "Koloss" (1964). 
Alnæs was awarded the Norwegian Booksellers' Prize and the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1968 for the novel "Gemini". Both his books "Koloss" and "Gemini" were nominated for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize, but did not win the prize. 

</doc>
<doc id="19878700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878700" title="Jonas Lundh">
Jonas Lundh

Jonas Lundh, born April 8, 1965 in Fagersta, Västmanland, Sweden, is a Swedish abstract expressionist artist, represented in a number of municipalities in Sweden and among collectors in the US, Great Britain, Denmark, Finland, Africa and France. Lundh creates his own world of art, where "clarity is prohibited" and rhythm is one of the main ingredients.
Lundh has developed a technique in which he paints with paperboard instead of brushes. The characteristic features of his painting are the figurative elements in his abstract images, often with mystical surfaces of emptiness. The people in Lundh's paintings are anonymous; more like symbols than individuals, and it is not difficult to see how they connect to the history of abstract expressionism. Observers have said that Jonas Lundh in his painting "reaches a cubist effect".
Lundh's art is dominated by mysticism. Some of his works have been compared to works by American painter Edward Hopper, as he has managed to concentrate the light and express something of the same loneliness in his paintings.
As one of southern Sweden's most active exhibiting painters, Lundh has also worked with installation- and video art, always with musical undertones. His ways of combining the two professions are considered brilliant. He often works with projects that include both music and painting. "Lundh Meets Lindgren" is a project that started in August 2007, where Lundh and guitarist Tommy Lindgren "visualize tones, sounds and rhythms in a conversation between two modes of expression". Together with Örjan Bertilsson and Alf Nilsson, Lundh and Lindgren form the band "State of Art", playing modern jazz with elements of Latin, soul and funk.
In the 1980s, Jonas Lundh worked as a freelance musician, playing drums and percussion. He has also played the flute and the violin.
Jonas Lundh has spoken out against racism, saying there should not be any racism in music.
Lundh is currently a resident of Sölvesborg. He lives with his family in the rectory (from 1833), next to St Nicholas' Church ("Sankt Nikolai kyrka") in central Sölvesborg. In the old monk's hut on the ground floor is his gallery with entrance from the rectory gable.

</doc>
<doc id="19878759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878759" title="CECAFA">
CECAFA

The Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations (, ; officially abbreviated as CECAFA) is an association of the football playing nations in East and Central Africa. An affiliate of the Confederation of African Football (CAF), it is the oldest sub-regional football organisation on the continent.
History.
CECAFA was founded unofficially in 1927. The competition was sponsored by the major Nairobi-based soap-manufacturing firm Gossage, owned by the British Lever Brothers. Its formation is often misattributed to William Gossage, founder of the Gossage company. However, he died 50 years before the CECAFA was established.
The tournament was known as the "Gossage Cup" until the mid-sixties, when it was redubbed the "East African Challenge Cup".
CECAFA's head offices are in Nairobi, Kenya. The first tournament was contested between Kenya and Uganda, which saw the Kenyan squad win the two legs 3-1 on aggregate.
Broadcasting rights.
In 2007, television rights for the tournament were sold to GTV. Since 2009, broadcasting of CECAFA competitions has been taken over by SuperSport.
Current members.
All associations that joined in 1973 were founding members of CECAFA.

</doc>
<doc id="19878783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878783" title="Brunetto Bucciarelli-Ducci">
Brunetto Bucciarelli-Ducci

Brunetto Bucciarelli-Ducci is an Italian magistrate who was born in Terranuova Bracciolini, Province of Arezzo on June 14, 1914 and died in Arezzo February 7, 1994.
History.
Bucciarelli-Ducci was a judge at Constitutional Court of Italy and Italian politician.He was elected by Parliament January 27, 1977 to the Constitutional Court of Italy until January 31, 1986.He dies killed by a Myocardial infarction

</doc>
<doc id="19878806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878806" title="Associação Desportiva Brusque">
Associação Desportiva Brusque

Associação Desportiva Brusque is a successful women's volleyball team, based in Brusque, Santa Catarina (state), Brazil. The team was sponsored by Brazil Telecom.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19878822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878822" title="Pallas-class frigate (1808)">
Pallas-class frigate (1808)

The "Pallas" class constituted the standard design of 40-gun frigates of the French Navy during the Napoleonic Empire period. Jacques-Noël Sané designed then in 1805, as a development of his seven-ship "Hortense" class of 1802, and the French government ordered at least 59 frigates to this new design. Of these some 54 were completed, although ten of these were begun for the French Navy in shipyards within the Netherlands or Italy, which were then under French occupation; they were completed for the Netherlands or Austrian navies after 1813.
Ships launched in 1814 (3).
As noted below, all three vessels launched in 1814 were never added to the French Navy, as they were completed for the Dutch after the liberation of the Netherlands.
Ships launched after 1814 (12).
Six of the following were completed for the French Navy after the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy; the other six, laid down in Rotterdam and Venice while those cities were under French control, were completed for the Netherlands and Austrian Navies respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19878823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878823" title="Innerpeffray Library">
Innerpeffray Library

Innerpeffray Library was the first lending library in Scotland. It is located in the hamlet of Innerpeffray, by the River Earn in Perth and Kinross, southeast of Crieff. The library building is Category A listed.
Innerpeffray consists of an early complete and very important group of educational and religious buildings, all founded, built or rebuilt by the Drummond family of Strathearn.
The library was founded by David Drummond, 3rd Lord Madertie (died 1692), before 1680, when he made 400 of his family books available to the public. The library was originally located in the loft of St Mary's Chapel, and moved into a purpose-built library house in 1762. This was built by Robert Hay Drummond (1711-1776), Archbishop of York from 1761 to 1776, and a descendent of Lord Madertie, who also donated his book collection on his death. The library ceased lending in 1968, but remains open to the public several days a week, except for November to February.
The library has a continuous borrowing record from 1747 to 1968.
Since 1694 the collection has been administered by a charitable trust, the Innerpeffray Mortification. Book inspection is still free but entrance is charged so that the Governors of the Innerpeffray Mortification can maintain the buildings and conserve the collections in good condition. When Lord Madertie built and endowed his school and library pre 1680, his 400 books contained all the knowledge in the world, in English, Latin, French, German, Italian, and Spanish. By the time he died in 1776, Archbishop Robert's collection of books on law, history/geography, maths (Newton), agriculture, the enlightenment, and social comment, had similar breadth.
The Keeper of Books (now Library Manager), an office held continuously since Andrew Patoune in 1692, lives in the schoolhouse (rebuilt 1847). The six sash windows of the attached schoolroom light its interior for meetings of Friends and visiting schoolchildren. 
The Keeper also holds the key of the Collegiate Chapel of St Mary, at Her Majesty's pleasure. By 1508, John 1st Lord Drummond rebuilt this renaissance triple cube with its oblong windows, stately proportions, wall and ceiling paintings, Drummond family hatchments and medieval stone altar. David Lord Madertie rebuilt the west end, pre - 1680, over the arch to house his library in an upper room. Access is free, occasional tours provided. Historic Scotland authorises weddings. The Library's Friends (and local schools) stage musical and dramatic events.

</doc>
<doc id="19878843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878843" title="Despotate of Arta">
Despotate of Arta

The Despotate of Arta was a despotate established by Albanian rulers during the 14th century, when Albanian tribes moved into Epirus and founded two short-lived principalities there. The Despotate of Arta was created after the defeat of the local Despot Nikephoros II Orsini by the Albania tribesmen in the Battle of Achelous in 1359 and ceased to exist in 1416, when it passed to Carlo I Tocco.
History.
Creation.
In the late spring of 1359, Nikephoros II Orsini, the last despot of Epirus of the Orsini dynasty, fought against the Albanians near river Acheloos, Aetolia. The Albanians won the battle and managed to create two new states in the southern territories of the Despotate of Epirus. Because a number of Albanian lords actively supported the successful Serbian campaign in Thessaly and Epirus, the Serbian Tsar granted them specific regions and offered them the Byzantine title of despotes in order to secure their loyalty.
The two Albanian lead states were: the first with its capital in Arta was under the Albanian nobleman Peter Losha, and the second, centered in Angelokastron, was ruled by Gjin Bua Shpata. After the death of Peter Losha in 1374, the Albanian despotates of Arta and Angelocastron were united under the rule of Despot Gjin Bua Shpata. 
At April 1378 the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller, Juan Fernández de Heredia set about to take Arta but failed and was captured in battle by Gjin Bua Shpata. Herendia was sold by Spata to the Ottoman Turks for a huge prize. Thomas II Preljubović, the Despot of Epirus offered valuable help during the battle, however this alliance didn't last for long.
The territory of this despotate at its greatest extend (1374–1403) was from the Corinth Gulf to Acheron River in the North, neighboring with the Principality of Gjirokastër of Gjon Zenebishti, another state created in the area of the Despotate of Epirus. The Despotate of Epirus managed to control in this period only the eastern part of Epirus, with its capital in Ioannina. During this period the Despot of Epirus Thomas II Preljubović was in an open conflict with Gjin Bue Shpata. In 1375, Gjin Bue Shpata started an offensive in Ioannina, but he could not invade the city. Although Shpata married with the sister of Thomas II Preljubović, Helena, their war did not stop.
Fall of the Despotate.
After the death of Gjin Bua Shpata in 1399, the Despotate of Arta weakened continuously, and Shpata Family was involved in civil war. Among the animosities with the rulers of Ioannina Gjin’s successor, Muriq Shpata, had to deal with the intentions of the Venetians and of Count Carlo I Tocco of Cefalonia. Meanwhile Ottoman incursions were intensified as they were occasionally called by despot Esau de' Buondelmonti of the Despotate of Epirus. After the death of de' Buondelmonti in 1411, the throne was offered to his nephew, Carlo I Tocco. Even though his gain was accompanied by a great loss that the forces of Gjon Zenebishi’s inflicted upon his army, he would later subject the leaders of southern Albania. In spite of Muriq Shpata`s victory over Carlo in 1412, the Albanians failed to take Ioannina. On the contrary, not long after killing Muriq Shpata in battle in 1415, Carlo advanced on Arta. In 1416, he defeated Jakub Bua Shpata and conquered Arta thus annexing the Despotate.
Local legacy.
The city of Arta was relatively unknown during the period of the Albanian rule (1358–1416). The Albanian leaders, not accustomed to living in cities, as mountaineers, acquired legally Byzantine titles and tried to adopt Byzantine state structure. Although no architectural activity has been reported for this period, little seem to had changed in Arta and the Albanian and Greek population coexisted peacefully in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19878845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878845" title="2000 Monte Carlo Masters">
2000 Monte Carlo Masters

The 2000 Monte Carlo Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 94th edition of the Monte Carlo Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 17 through April 23, 2000.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 4, Australian Open runner-up, 1999 Stuttgart, Montreal titlist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Santiago winner, Miami finalist, Monte Carlo defending champion Gustavo Kuerten and Auckland winner Magnus Norman. Other top seeds in the field were Lyon titlist Nicolás Lapentti, 1997 Monte Carlo champion Marcelo Ríos, Thomas Enqvist, Tim Henman and Cédric Pioline.

</doc>
<doc id="19878855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878855" title="Truck Eagan">
Truck Eagan

Charles Eugene "Truck" Eagan (August 10, 1877 – March 19, 1949) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played in 1901 with the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Cleveland Blues. He batted and threw right-handed. Eagan had a .133 career batting average. 
He was born and died in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19878857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878857" title="Sam Sesay">
Sam Sesay

Joseph Sam Sesay (born on November 26, 1959 in Kamasasa, Kambia District) is a Sierra Leonean politician and currently serves as Sierra Leone Minister of Agriculture. He was appointed to the position in October 2007 by president Ernest Bai Koroma.
Early life and education.
Joseph Sam Sesay was born in 1959 in the rural village of Kamasasa, Tonko Limba chiefdom, Kambia District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone to ethnic Limba parents. His father was a clergyman and his mother was a farmer. His father established the Wesleyan School and Church in Tonko Limba chiefdom.
Education and career.
Sam Sesay attended primary school in Kamakwie, Bombali District and then proceeded to the Wesleyan Secondary School also in Kamakwie. AFter completing his secondary education, Sam Sesay attended the Magburaka Technical Institute in Magburaka, Tonkolili District and where he earned a tercher's certificate. Sam Sesay later taught at the Pampana High School in Magburaka, and Baton Memorial School in Makeni. 
In 1981, he moved to Russia, where he completed his masters degree in medicine at the Russian Academy of Sciences in Moscow in 1987. Sesay has also undergone postgraduate studies at the Institute of Social Studies in The Hague, the Netherlands. He also completed a certificate programme to the World Bank. 
In 1992 to 2000, he worked in the Planning Evaluation Monetary and Statistics division of the then Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries. In April 2000 he moved over to the National Commission for Resettlement Rehabilitation and Reconstruction (NCRRR) as Programme Manager and Evaluation Unit, after which he became Director of that unit. In 2004, Sesay had two offers, one - to go as the Director of Planning at the Commonwealth, and two, to work as the Civil Affairs Officer with the UN in Liberia. He decided to work in Liberia and was in charge of the civil affairs unit responsible for the Forestry Development Authority.
Personal life.
Sam Sesay is married with two children. He enjous listening to music, read newspapers and follow sports, particularly football.

</doc>
<doc id="19878874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878874" title="Stadium Bowl">
Stadium Bowl

The Stadium Bowl, originally known as Tacoma Stadium, is a 15,000-seat stadium located in Tacoma, Washington. The stadium plays host to the American football teams for both Woodrow Wilson High School and Stadium High School. 
Overview.
The stadium is located next to Stadium High School with views of Commencement Bay and the Puget Sound. It was designed by Frederick Heath.
Originally opened in 1910, the stadium had a capacity of 32,000. It has hosted concerts and events for Louis Armstrong, John Pershing, Marshal Foch, Babe Ruth, Billy Sunday, William Jennings Bryan, and United States Presidents Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, and Warren Harding. It was recently chosen as one of the best high school football stadiums in the United States by ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="19878887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878887" title="Beach volleyball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach volleyball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Beach volleyball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 18–25 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19878917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878917" title="History of shogi">
History of shogi

This article details the history of shogi. Shogi, also known as Japanese chess, is a two-player strategy board game in the same family as Western chess, chaturanga, and Chinese xiangqi, and is the most popular of a family of chess variants native to Japan.
Arrival in Japan.
It is not clear when the ancestral chess-type game that later developed into shogi was brought to Japan. This is in contrast to the game of go, which was almost certainly brought to Japan in or around the Nara period, since a go board is stored in the treasury of . There are tales that relate that it was invented by Yuwen Yong of Northern Zhou, and that brought it back after visiting the country of Tang, but both these tales are likely to have been invented at the start of the Edo period by those keen to make a name for themselves as authorities on shogi.
There are several theories about when shogi spread to Japan, but the earliest plausible date is around the 6th century. It is thought that the pieces used in the shogi of the time were not the current five-sided pieces, but three-dimensional figures, as were used in chaturanga. This parallels the changes in chess pieces, which are more representational and less abstract than those made earlier. However, a large problem with this theory is that as pieces in this form have never been found, let alone stored in the treasury of Shōsōin, there is little physical evidence supporting it.
Another theory gives a later date, stating that shogi was brought to Japan after the start of the Nara period. but as these games are different from shogi, for example in that pieces are placed on the intersections of lines, serious doubts about this theory remain. The games of makruk from Thailand and Cambodia and sittuyin from Myanmar have an elephant which moves in the same way as the silver general. Sittuyin also has the practice of dropping pieces. From the Song Dynasty through the Ming Dynasty, China sent great trade convoys through the southern islands and all around the Indian Ocean and also traded with Japan, so elements of South Asian chess could have reached Japan.
See also the history of chess.
Shogi in the Heian period.
One of the oldest documents indicating the existence of shogi is , written by (972 - 1027), a seven-volume work which contains a description of how to write the characters used for shogi pieces, but the most generally accepted opinion is that this section was added by a writer from a later generation. (1058–1064), written by Fujiwara Akihira also has passages relating to shogi, and is regarded as the earliest document on the subject.
The oldest archaeological evidence is a group of 16 shogi pieces excavated from the grounds of Kōfuku-ji in Nara Prefecture, and as a wooden writing plaque written on in the sixth year of Tenki (1058) was found at the same time, the pieces are thought to be of the same period. The pieces of the time appear to have been simple ones made by cutting a writing plaque and writing directly on the surface, but they have the same five-sided shape as modern pieces. As "Shin Saru Gakuki", mentioned above, is of the same period, this find is backed up by documentary evidence.
The dictionary of common folk culture, , which it is estimated was created between 1210 and 1221, a collection based on the two works and , thought to have been written by , describes two forms of shogi, large (dai) shogi and small (shō) shogi. So as not to confuse these with later types of shogi, in modern times these are called Heian shogi (or Heian small shogi) and Heian dai shogi. Heian shogi is the version on which modern shogi is based, but it is written that one wins if one's opponent is reduced to a single king, apparently indicating that at the time there was no concept of pieces in the hand.
The pieces used in these variants of shogi consist of those used in Heian shogi: the king, gold general, silver general, knight, lance, and pawn, and those used only in Heian great shogi: the copper general, iron general, side mover, tiger, flying dragon, free chariot and go between. According to Kōji Shimizu, chief researcher at the Archaeological Institute of Kashihara, Nara Prefecture, the names of the Heian shogi pieces keep those of chaturanga (general, elephant, horse, chariot and soldier), and add to them the five treasures of Buddhism (jewel, gold, silver, katsura tree, and incense). There is also a theory by Yoshinori Kimura that while chaturanga was from the start a game simulating war, and thus pieces were discarded once captured, Heian shogi involved pieces kept in the hand.
The development of medieval shogi.
In games around the world related to shogi, there have been changes in the rules with the passage of time, such as increasing the abilities of the pieces or their numbers, as winning strategies have been discovered, and the Japanese game of shogi is no exception to this.
Around the 13th century, the game of dai shogi, created by increasing the number of pieces in Heian shogi, was played, and the game of sho shogi, which adds the rook, bishop and drunken elephant from dai shogi to Heian shogi. Around the 15th century, as the rules of dai shogi had become too complicated, they were simplified, creating the game of chu shogi, which is close to the modern game. It is thought that the rules of modern shogi were fixed in the 16th century, when the drunken elephant was removed from the set of pieces. According to , a set of shogi rules published in 1696, during the Ganroku period, it states that the drunken elephant piece was removed from the game of sho shogi by Emperor Go-Nara during the Tenmon period (1532–1555), but whether or not this is true is not clear.
As many as 174 shogi pieces have been excavated from the Ichijōdani Asakura Family Historic Ruins, which are thought to be from the latter half of the 16th century. Most of these pieces are pawns, but there is also one drunken elephant, leading to the hypothesis that in this period variations of shogi with and without the drunken elephant existed side by side.
One point of note in the history of this family of games is that it was during this period that the unique rule in Japanese shogi was developed whereby captured pieces (pieces in the hand) could be returned to the board. It is thought that the rule of pieces in the hand was proposed around the 16th century, but there is also a theory that this rule existed from the time of Heian sho shogi.
In the Edo period, more types of shogi with yet more pieces were proposed: tenjiku shogi, dai dai shogi, maka dai dai shogi, tai shogi (also called "dai shogi", but termed "tai shogi" to avoid confusing the two) and taikyoku shogi. However, it is thought that these forms of shogi were only played to a very limited extent.
Modern shogi.
Modern shogi (hon shogi), like go, was officially approved by the Tokugawa shogunate. In 1612, the shogunate passed a law giving endowments to shogi players including () and (who was given the name after his death). These iemotos (families upholding the tradition of go or shogi) gave themselves the title of (literally, places of go) and , places of shogi. The first O-hashi Shu-kei received fifty koku of rice and five men. In the Kan'ei period (around 1630), the tournament, where games were played before a shogun, was held. During the time of the eighth shogun, Tokugawa Yoshimune, a system was established where the castle shogi tournament was held once a year on the 17th day on Kannazuki, and today the corresponding day in the modern calendar, November 17, has been designated Shogi Day.
The , who were the iemotos of shogi, were paid endowments. Over the reign of the shogunate, the title of meijin became a hereditary title of the Ōhashi family and one of its branches, and the Itō family. Today the title of meijin is still used, for the winner of the Meijin-sen competition. It became a tradition for shogi players inheriting the title of meijin to present a collection of shogi puzzles to the shogunate government.
A number of genius shogi players emerged who were not hereditary meijin. was born in the mid-Edo period, and showed promise as a potential meijin, but died young and never inherited the title (which was bestowed on him posthumously). Kanju was a skilled composer of shogi puzzles, and even today his collection of puzzles is well known as one of the greatest works of its kind. In the late Edo period, came to prominence. As he was one of the "Arino group" of amateur shogi players, the rank of meijin was out of his reach, but he was feared for his skill, being said to have "the ability of a 13-dan player", and was later termed a (literally, wise man or master of shogi). More than a few count Sōho as one of the greatest shogi players in history.
Newspaper shogi and the formation of shogi associations.
After the fall of the Tokugawa shogunate, the three shogi families were no longer paid endowments, and the iemoto system in shogi lost its power. The lines of the three families ended, and the rank of meijin came to be bestowed by recommendation. The popularity of amateur shogi continued in the Meiji period, with shogi tournaments and events held all over Japan, and , played wherever people gathered, in bath houses or barber's shops. However, it is thought that, with the exception of a handful of high-ranking players at the end of the 19th century, it was impossible to make a living as a professional shogi player during this period.
From around 1899, newspapers began to publish records of shogi matches, and high-ranking players formed alliances with the aim of having their games published. In 1909, the was formed, and in 1924, the was formed, with , a thirteenth-generation meijin, at its head. This was an early incarnation of the modern , founded in 1947.
The "meijin" system and title matches.
In 1935, Kinjiro Sekine stepped down from the rank of meijin, which then came to be conferred based on ability in the short term, rather than recommendation as before. The first (known officially at the time as the ) was held over two years, with becoming the first Meijin in 1937. This was the start of the (see titleholder system).
Later, in 1950, the (9-dan title match) (renamed the (10-dan title match) in 1962) and the (King title match) were founded. 
The tournament was started in 1953 and became a title match in 1983. In 1960 the was founded, and later the in 1962, and the in 1974. The Jūdan-sen was changed to become the in 1988, completing the modern line-up of seven title matches.
The ages of Ōyama and Habu.
It was considered to be nearly impossible to hold all the titles at once, but in 1957, Kōzō Masuda took all three of the titles which existed at the time (Meijin, Kudan and Ōshō), to become a . However, another player later took these three titles from Masuda, and went on in 1959 to take the newly founded titles of Ōi and Kisei, to become a - . Ōyama went on to defend these titles for six years, a golden age which became known as the "Ōyama age". Ōyama reached a total of 80 title holding periods, an unprecedented achievement at the time, when there were fewer titles than at present.
After the number of titles increased to seven in 1983, it was believed to be impossible to hold all of them at once, but in 1996, Yoshiharu Habu became the first , beginning an age known as the "Habu age". Since then, there has never been a time when he was without a title, and on July 5, 2012, Habu surpassed Ōyama's record, achieving a total of 81 title holding periods.
The birth of the women's game.
While there are both men and women among the ranks of professional shogi players, no woman player has yet won through the pro qualifier leagues (新進棋士奨励会 "shinshin kishi shōreikai)" to become an officially certified professional player (棋士 "kishi)." This served to slow the spread of the game among women, and to overcome the problem, the system of professional woman shogi players (女流棋士 "joryū kishi)" was introduced.
In 1966, Akiko Takojima (蛸島彰子) left the pro-qualifier leagues at the 1-dan level and became the first professional woman shogi player. However, at the time women's contests were not held, and so her only work as a professional was giving shogi lessons. In 1974, the first women's contest, the Women's Meijin Title Match (女流名人位戦 "joryū meijin-sen)," was held, which Takojima won, becoming the first woman "meijin." 1974 is often considered to be the year in which women's shogi began, and indeed the Ladies Shogi Professional Organization (女流棋士会 "joryū kishi kai)" celebrates "anniversary parties" counting from this year.
At present there are more than 50 professional women players, and as well as the Women's Meijin title match, there is also the Women's Ōshō Title Match (女流王将戦), the Women's Ōi Title Match (女流王位戦), the Ōyama Meijin Cup Kurashiki–Tōka Title Match (大山名人杯倉敷藤花戦), the Ladies' Open Tournament (レディースオープントーナメント), and the Kajima Cup, a total of six competitions. In addition, each of the standard professional tournaments has a women's section, in which the top women in each tournament compete.
Trends in the world of amateur shogi.
Shogi is also well-known among the general public (amateurs). Two different rating systems based dan and kyu ranks are used, one for amateurs and one for professionals, with the highest ranks at amateur level, 4-dan or 5-dan, being equivalent to 6-kyu at the professional level. In the past, there were games between amateurs and professionals, but these were generally special match-ups organised by newspapers or magazines, or instructional games at events or shogi courses.
However, sometimes there are amateurs with an ability to rival professionals, some of whom earn a living as , gamblers playing for stakes. made enough to live on as a shinken-shi, before taking the entrance exam and turning professional in 1944. He later challenged Yasuharu Ōyama in the meijin-sen, but did not manage to take the title of meijin from him. was another shinken-shi, who beat one professional after another in special matches, and won the title of amateur meijin twice in a row, putting him ahead of the crowd in the amateur world. Later, due in part to the instigation of Ōyama, the then chairman of the , a vote was held on whether to accept Koike among their ranks, but there were concerns about his behaviour, and the vote went against him. Although he never became a professional, after his death, television programmes and books telling his story were produced, and he now has more fans all over Japan than when he was alive.
In recent times, the gap in ability between strong amateurs and professionals continues to diminish, and there are even official professional tournaments in which those with the best results in can take part. Some amateurs, including , , , , , and have been called "pro killers", and recently two young players, and have been making waves in the amateur world.
The number of players who have left the pro qualifier leagues and gone on to have success as amateurs has increased. retired from the qualifier leagues due to age restrictions, but went on to compete as an amateur in professional matches. His performance in the was particularly notable, and at one point he won over 70% of his matches with professionals. Segawa submitted a petition requesting entry to the professional ranks to the Japan Shogi Association, and was granted exceptional permission to take the entrance exam. He is the first person to become a professional after retiring from the pro qualifier leagues.
In 2006, the Shogi Association officially admitted the entrance of amateurs and women professionals to the ranks of , and announced details of an entrance exam for the 4-dan level (entering the level of the ) and the . Unless exceptional permission is granted, applicant normally need to have experience in the pro qualifier leagues, and cannot become professionals if they have retired from the leagues, but given the reforms taking place in the Association, it would be by no means unlikely if another Shōji Segawa were to appear.
The spread of shogi outside Japan.
The game of shogi has developed independently inside Japan, and its pieces are differentiated by Japanese characters written on them, factors which have impeded the spread of the game outside Japan. By way of comparison, the game of go has spread internationally for a combination of many reasons, including the facts that it originated in China, its rules are (more or less) unified at an international level, it is played using black and white stones, and that it does not resemble games unique to another country (as is the case with shogi, which is one of many games resembling chess).
However, in the 1990s, efforts to make shogi popular outside Japan began in earnest. It has grown to be particularly popular in the People's Republic of China, and especially Shanghai. The January 2006 edition of states that Shanghai has a shogi population of 120,000 people. The game has been relatively slow to spread to countries where Chinese characters are not in common use, although attempts have been made to aid adoption by replacing the names of pieces with symbols indicating how they move.
Changes in the shogi population.
According to the by the , the "shogi population" (the number of people of 15 years or over who play at least one game of shogi a year) fell from 16.8 million in 1985 to 9 million in 2004, and 8.4 million in 2006, and is continuing to fall gradually.
During the above period, in which the shogi population fell by a half, shogi has often appeared in the general media, for example Yoshiharu Habu's achievement of taking all seven titles in one year (1996), the airing of the NHK TV novel (1996), the reporting of the affair between and , Shōji Segawa taking the professional entrance exam (2005), and the debate about the management of the meijin-sen being passed to a different body (2006). However, none of these led to the birth of a "shogi boom", and in some cases unfavourable media reports accelerated the decline in the number of shogi fans.
The number of 10 to 19 year olds playing go is said in the "Leisure White Paper" above to have increased due to the story "Hikaru no Go", serialised in Weekly Shōnen Jump. (The overall go population is decreasing.) However, the 2006 Leisure White Paper reports that go is most popular among those in their 60's, while shogi is most popular between those aged 10 to 19.
From around 1996, internet shogi programs such as and , which allow users to play games over the internet without the need for an actual shogi set, grew to be widely used. At present, many games are played using services such as , and Yahoo! Japan Games.
Computer shogi.
Computers have steadily improved in playing shogi since the 1980s. Champion Habu estimated the strength of the 2006 world computer shogi champion Bonanza at the level of 2 dan shoreikai. Tools to help shogi programmers are Shogidokoro, annual computer tournaments and the Floodgate shogi server. The Japan Shogi Association restricts professionals from playing computers. 
Current title holders.
In Japan, some 200 professional shogi players, all members of Japan Shogi Association, compete in seven title tournaments. The winner of the previous year defends the title against a challenger chosen from knockout or round matches. 

</doc>
<doc id="19878925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878925" title="Maurice Spata">
Maurice Spata

Muriki or Maurice Spata (; fl. 1401 - 1415†) was the "despot" of Arta from 1401 until his death in 1415, during a battle. Maurice was succeeded by his vigorous brother Jakub Bua Shpata. "" 
Life.
According to a Greek monastic chronicle from the Panteleimon monastery at Ioannina, ""October 29, on Wednesday (1400), Despot Spatas enters Eternity (dies). Immediately afterwards, his brother Sgouros holds Arta. After some days, the Serb-Albanian-Bulgarian-Vlach Vonko attacked and expelled Sgouros, and started to round up all the chieftains/elders and imprisoned them in the fort, and he destroyed their possessions.""
By the end of 1401, Vonko had been driven out from Arta. Sgouros did not retain the town, instead his nephew Maurice Spata took over Arta and Sgouros took over Angelokastron.

</doc>
<doc id="19878927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878927" title="David Myers (rugby league)">
David Myers (rugby league)

David Myers (born 31 July 1971 in Widnes, Lancashire — died 20 October in Sandbach) was an English rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at representative level for Great Britain in non-Test matches on the 1992 tour of Papua New Guinea, Australia, and New Zealand, and at club level for Widnes (twice), Warrington, Wigan, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Wakefield Trinity, Bradford Bulls, Western Suburbs Magpies, and Salford City Reds, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
During the 1991–92 Rugby Football League season, Myers played for defending champions Wigan on the wing in their 1991 World Club Challenge victory against the visiting Penrith Panthers. He scored a match-winning try in the Challenge Cup in 1991 for Wigan against St. Helens. Following the arrival of Martin Offiah, Myers lost his first team place at Wigan, but was nevertheless selected to go on the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand. In October 1992, he was sold to Widnes in an exchange deal which saw Paul Atcheson join Wigan from Widnes.
He continued his success in the Challenge Cup with his new team, helping Widnes to the 1993 Challenge Cup against former team, Wigan, although he was on the losing side in that final.
He died on 20 October 2008 in a car accident on the M6 motorway. It was confirmed in a coroner's report that Myers was using steroids and amphetamines whilst driving, and died of a heart attack, although the report also concluded the condition had occurred naturally, and that the two drugs had only contributed to this.

</doc>
<doc id="19878931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878931" title="Halfway High School">
Halfway High School

Halfway High School is a high school located in Halfway, Missouri, United States. The school's mascot is the Cardinal.
According to the 2006-2007 School Accountability Report, 90.5% of classes at Halfway High School are taught by "Highly Qualified Teachers."

</doc>
<doc id="19878949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878949" title="University School of Jackson">
University School of Jackson

University School of Jackson (USJ) is a college preparatory school located in northern Jackson, Tennessee, that educates students from pre-kindergarten through the 12th grade. It is located at 222 McClellan Road between various pockets of new suburban neighborhoods.
History.
Old Hickory Academy and Episcopal Day School began as two separate schools in 1970 Old Hickory Academy was an independent, non-church-related school which included primary education through a high school curriculum. Episcopal Day School was a smaller, parochial school which emphasized primary education, but had begun a high school program by 1986, enrolling grades nine and ten. In 1987 the two schools consolidated, forming University School of Jackson.
Administration.
Stuart Hirstein is the Head of School. He joined USJ in July 2013. 
In 2007, the Interim Head of School, Don Coffey, was replaced by Clay Lilienstern, who came from Episcopal High School in Houston, Texas. In 2008, Upper School Director Dr. Roland Prudhon retired after 10 years.
Athletics.
Lower School students join community recreation leagues. Students have physical education classes through Eighth Grade.
In Middle and Upper School, USJ offers more than 40 teams in 11 sports – baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, golf, football, soccer, softball, tennis, track, and volleyball. 
USJ is a member of TSSAA’s Division II. Each year, USJ teams are well represented in regional and state tournament play.
Fine Arts.
USJ’s fine arts program begins in the Lower School with visual art and music enrichment classes. Starting in Jr. Kindergarten, classes stage annual music productions. 
Middle School students take classes in band or vocal music and visual art. They perform two musicals each year.
In Upper School, the fine arts curriculum includes drama, band, chorus, and visual art classes. USJ offers AP Studio Art and AP Music Theory. Each year, the Upper School stages two musical productions, band and vocal concerts, a student-designed fashion show with clothing made from recycled materials and other productions. Band students make up much of the live orchestra for musicals and have the opportunity to perform in several groups, including a jazz ensemble and pep band.
Students also perform in theater and musical productions, which include art students helping with sets and band students in the orchestra. Band students have opportunities to perform in several groups, including a jazz ensemble and pep band.

</doc>
<doc id="19878961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878961" title="Underground mine ventilation">
Underground mine ventilation

Underground mine ventilation provides a flow of air to the underground workings of a mine of sufficient volume to dilute and remove noxious gases (typically NOx, SO2, methane, CO2 and CO). The source of these gases are equipment that runs on diesel engines, blasting with explosives, and the orebody itself. The largest component of the operating cost for mine ventilation is electricity to power the ventilation fans, which may account for one third of a typical underground mine's entire electrical power cost.
Types of ventilation.
Flow-through ventilation is the main ventilation circuit for the mine. Air enters the mine from surface via a shaft, ventilation raise or adit. The air is distributed through the mine via internal ventilation raises and ramps, and flows are controlled by regulators and permanently mounted ventilation fans. An Auxiliary ventilation system takes air from the flow-through system and distributes it to the mine workings via temporarily mounted ventilation fans, venturies and disposable fabric, or steel ducting
Regulations.
The volume (expressed in cubic feet per minute or cubic meters per second) of air required to ventilate an underground mine is determined by mining- or geotechnical-engineers. It may also be regulated by the local governing body. However in some developing countries the mandated ventilation requirement may be insufficient, and the mining company may have to increase the ventilation flow, in particular where ventilation may be required to cool the ambient temperature in a deep hot mine. One method to arrange ventilation is to place huge burner on the bottom of the vertical hole. Heated air rises up and the replacing air brings fresh air to the mine.
Heating.
In temperate climates ventilation air may need to be heated during winter months. This will make the working environment more hospitable for miners, and prevent freezing of workings, in particular water pipes. In Arctic mines where the mining horizon is above the permafrost heating may not take place to prevent melting the permafrost. "Cold mines" such as Raglan Mine and Nanisivik Mine are designed to operate below zero degrees Celsius.

</doc>
<doc id="19878965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19878965" title="Jakub Bua Shpata">
Jakub Bua Shpata

Jakub (Yakub) Bua Shpata (also Italian) Jacob Bova Spata was an Albanian Prince and Despot of Arta. He was part of the noble Shpata family. He was the last Albanian Despot of the Despotate of Arta. He reigned as the head of the Despotate until the loss of Arta in 4 October 1416 from Carlo I Tocco. He served after his brother Muriq Bua Shpata. He was the last prince of the Shpata's reign, and was the first Albanian muslim ruler of the despotate of Arta. Jakub Shpata died along with many of his soldiers in a battlefield against the Toccos
War with Carlo Tocco.
Carlo controlled several fortresses on the mainland, including Argyrocastron. He was invited as the successor of his uncle Esau de' in Ioannina after the rejection of the latter's widow and son in February 1411. Nevertheless, he had to overcome the determined opposition of the Albanian clans, and in particular of Despot Jakub Bua Shpata of Arta.
In spite of Jakob Shpata's victory over Carlo in 1412, the Albanians failed to take Ioannina. On the contrary, not long after Muriq Shpata died, and Jakob was killed in battle in 1416, Carlo advanced on Arta and obtained its surrender in 1416. Arta was entrusted to Carlo's younger brother Leonardo II, and now the Tocchi controlled all major towns in Epirus. In 1415 he was granted the title despotes by the Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos. Apart from his conflict with the Byzantine rulers of Morea (the Peloponnese) over Elis, Carlo spent the remainder of his reign in relative peace.

</doc>
<doc id="19879021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879021" title="1999 Monte Carlo Open">
1999 Monte Carlo Open

The 1999 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 93rd edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 19 through April 25, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19879035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879035" title="Bob Jackson (swimmer)">
Bob Jackson (swimmer)

Robert Scott Jackson (born March 5, 1957) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec. He placed sixth in the final of the men's 100-meter backstroke with a time of 57.69 seconds. Two years later he won the gold medal in the same event at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19879038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879038" title="Tales of Three Planets">
Tales of Three Planets

Tales of Three Planets is a posthumous collection of short stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs, with an introduction by Richard A. Lupoff and illustrations by Roy G. Krenkel. It was first published in hardcover in 1964 by Canaveral Press, and has been reprinted once since.
The book collects four novelettes by Burroughs, one set on Earth, two set on the distant planet Poloda "beyond the farthest star," and one set on Venus. Two of its pieces, "The Resurrection of Jimber-Jaw" and "Beyond the Farthest Star," had previously seen magazine publication; the former in "Argosy Weekly" for February 20, 1937 and the latter in "Blue Book Magazine" for January 1942; the others were published for the first time in the collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19879055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879055" title="Model Management">
Model Management

Model Management is a modeling agency based in Hamburg, Germany. Founded by Heidi Gross- in 1990, it has been one of the most successful German agencies since it opened its doors.. It has offices in Miami, New York, Venezuela, and Brazil. Mrs Gross 19 year old son Jorgie Gross has been known for following in his mothers footsteps. He is also reportedly dating multi-millionaire Richard Rodriguez Mendez who is 11 years his senior. Rumor has it that Gross's son proposed to Rodriguez-Mendez with a $100,000 dollar 5 carat diamond ring. There is another rumor that solidifies the impending exchange of vows as Julien's Auction house is reporting that Gross's mother was the successful bidder for the 14.7 Carat Diamond ring that was once owned by Greta Garbo in the mid 1970s and that this was a gift to her new son in law Richard Rodriguez-Mendez estimated to be valued at $1 Million dollars.
It covers the entire range of high fashion and top commercial models. Additional features of the agency are press and PR work as well as scouting. Model Management works with Elite Model Look where they discovered top model turned actress Diane Kruger.
Model Management has been instrumental in promoting the careers of Claudia Schiffer and Heidi Klum, two of the best known faces in the business. Model Managements' celebrities also include Elizabeth Hurley and Inés Sastre.

</doc>
<doc id="19879058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879058" title="Pappenheimer">
Pappenheimer

Pappenheimer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879066" title="List of Pittsburgh Panthers football seasons">
List of Pittsburgh Panthers football seasons

This is a list of Pittsburgh Panthers football seasons and quarterbacks. The Pittsburgh Panthers football team is the American football team of the University of Pittsburgh, which is in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision as members of the Big East Conference. The Panthers have been members of the Big East since 1991. Before 1991 they competed as an Independent. The Panthers are currently members of the ACC conference (Atlantic Coast Conference).
The Panthers began play in 1890. In total, the University officially recognizes nine national championships based on research published by Sports Illustrated in 1970. The NCAA's record book lists Pittsburgh as being selected for a National Championship by "major selectors" in eleven different seasons. Research by College Football Data Warehouse (CFBDW) has found that Pitt was selected as a national champion in 16 different seasons by at least one selector of championships. Of these, CFBDW officially recognizes six as national championship seasons for the University of Pittsburgh.
Season records.
Legend.
Polls have been the most prominent form of championship selection since the inception of the AP Poll in 1936. The following systems have at one point in their history have named Pitt as a national champion or are still active today. Retroactive designations are marked in "italics".
National Championships.
The University of Pittsburgh claims nine National Championships for the Panthers football team: 4 that are mostly unanimous, (1916, 1918, 1937, and 1976) and 5 shared titles (1915, 1929, 1931, 1934, 1936).
The University bases its claim for the first 8 national championships on a study conducted in 1970 by Sports Illustrated. These championships, together with its unanimous championship of 1976, are the basis for the university's claim of 9 national championship seasons.
Furthermore, according to research conducted by "College Football Data Warehouse", in 8 additional years at least one selector of national championships has declared Pitt as its National Champion. Combined with the Sports Illustrated study, Pitt has been recognized as the National Champion by at least one selector in 17 different seasons. According to the "Official NCAA Division 1 Football Records Book", Pitt has been named a national champion by a "Major Selector" in 12 separate seasons.
Note: The table lists all known National Championship selections for the University of Pittsburgh. The list of national championship selecting organizations choosing Pitt for any particular year is not necessarily comprehensive. For more information see College Football Data Warehouse Total National Championships Additional notations include the following:
The following table summarizes the source and totals for Pitt's national championship seasons.
Quarterbacks.
Pitt's season-by-season completion leaders at quarterback since 1974 are depicted in the following table. 
External links.
Video

</doc>
<doc id="19879085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879085" title="Travellers Rest (Nashville, Tennessee)">
Travellers Rest (Nashville, Tennessee)

Travellers Rest is a historic plantation in Nashville, Tennessee. 
History.
In 1799, the two story structure with four rooms was built by Judge John Overton (1766–1833). Overton was an advisor and close friend of Andrew Jackson, judge at the Superior Court of Tennessee and co-founder of Memphis, Tennessee. Overton originally named the property "Golgotha" after the large number of prehistoric skulls that were unearthed while digging the cellar of the house. Archaeologists now know that these remains were part of a large Mississippian village site. Overton changed the name of the plantation to "Travellers Rest" in the early 19th century to reflect the recreational effect his home had on him after the long rides on horseback that he had to undertake as a circuit judge. Overton died at Travellers Rest on April 12, 1833.
At the beginning of the Civil War, Overton’s widow occupied the home until her death in 1862. After her death, her son John and his wife Harriet and their children continued to occupy the home. The plantation’s farm, which covered 1,050 acres and was worked by 80 slaves, was valued at $68 million during this time. 
The plantation building was saved from demolition and restored in 1954 to become a museum. Additional archaeological finds were reported from the property as recently as 1995, when construction at the visitors center resulted in disturbance of additional human burials. As of 2008, the "Travellers Rest Plantation & Museum" houses exhibits that document the life and work of John Overton, the history of the Overton Plantation and Nashville in the Civil War. It is located at 636 Farrell Parkway in Nashville. Travellers Rest is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19879107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879107" title="Pilar Barbosa Education Program">
Pilar Barbosa Education Program

The Pilar Barbosa Education Program is a program in Puerto Rico created as a means to provide professional development training opportunities for public school practitioners and educators in that city. The program serves as a catalyst for long term educational realignment using the graduates as agents of sustainable reform in the public school system.
The program.
On July 27, 1997, the Senate of Puerto Rico approved law #53, authored by Sen. Kenneth McClintock, a Barbosa protégé, which created "The Pilar Barbosa Program of Educational Interns". The program was later renamed "The Pilar Barbosa Educational Internship Program."
Program participants are K-12 public school teachers and administrators from Puerto Rico. Every summer, 25 participants go to Washington, D.C. to take part in a myriad of activities including workshops, tours, lectures and group assignments that focus on U.S. education trends and policies in the context of Puerto Rico, integration of technology in the curriculum, innovative curriculum design, and educational leadership.
Close to 300 public school educators have participated in the program since its inception. The Washington Center for Internships and Academic Seminars successfully administered the Pilar Barbosa Education Internship Program in Washington, D.C. the summers of 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2005-2009. The Washington Center provides an integrated academic and work experience to prepare participants for lives of leadership, profesional achievement, and civic engagement.
Goals and themes.
The Pilar Barbosa Internship Program is designed within the context of four basic themes: "Leadership in Education", "Federal Education Policies in the Context of Puerto Rico", "21st Century Teaching" and "Integration of Technology in the Classroom".
Leadership in education allows participants to look into education trends and how they may impact K-12 education in Puerto Rico. Federal education policies in the context of Puerto Rico focuses primarily on No Child Left Behind and other federal education issues. 21st century teaching looks particularly into various models on innovative teaching in math and science, and strategies for curriculum integration. Finally, models for utilizing technology in the classroom demonstrate practical uses of multimedia in K-12 teaching.
The Pilar Barbosa Education Internship Program delivers on these themes using a series of seminars, orientations, panels, workshops and visits to educational facilities, through which participants broaden their perspectives about innovating education in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="19879141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879141" title="Colin Archer Peninsula">
Colin Archer Peninsula

The Colin Archer Peninsula is located on the northwestern Devon Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut. It stretches eastward into Baffin Bay. It is named in honor of Colin Archer, naval architect and shipbuilder.
Fauna and flora.
The peninsula is frequented by wintering Bearded seals, Ringed seals, polar bears, and walrus.
Cape Vera, at the eastern end of the peninsula, is a breeding site for the Northern Fulmar.

</doc>
<doc id="19879147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879147" title="List of phylogenetic tree visualization software">
List of phylogenetic tree visualization software

This list of phylogenetic tree viewing software is a compilation of software tools and web portals used in visualising phylogenetic trees.
Applications.
1 "All" refers to Microsoft Windows, Apple OSX and Linux; L=Linux, M=Apple Mac, W=Microsoft Windows

</doc>
<doc id="19879156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879156" title="List of gaming conventions">
List of gaming conventions

This is a list of noteworthy gaming conventions from around the world. The list is divided up by location, and each gaming convention includes the dates during which it is typically held. Dates listed are approximate or traditional time periods for each convention.
North America.
United States.
Arranged by regional divisions used by the United States Census Bureau
North East.
New England.
Connecticut, New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont
Middle Atlantic.
New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania
Midwest.
East North Central.
Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin
West North Central.
Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota
South.
South Atlantic.
Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia
East South Central.
Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Tennessee
West South Central.
Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas
West.
Mountain.
Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming
Pacific.
Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon, and Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19879161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879161" title="1998 Monte Carlo Open">
1998 Monte Carlo Open

The 1998 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 92nd edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 20 through April 26, 1998.
The men's field was headlined by. Other top seeds in the field were.

</doc>
<doc id="19879185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879185" title="1910 British Lions tour to South Africa">
1910 British Lions tour to South Africa

The 1910 British Isles tour to South Africa was the eighth tour by a British Isles team and the fourth to South Africa. It is retrospectively classed as one of the British Lions tours, as the Lions naming convention was not adopted until 1950. As well as South Africa, the tour included a game in Bulawayo in Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe.
Led by Ireland's Tommy Smyth and managed by Walter E. Rees and W Cail the tour took in 24 matches. Of the 24 games, 21 were against club or invitational teams and three were test matches against the South African national team. The British Isles team lost two and won one test match against the Springboks.
Seven players from Newport RFC were selected for the tour which remains as the record for players selected from one club for a British Lions Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19879196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879196" title="CIBC National Cricket League">
CIBC National Cricket League

The CIBC National Cricket League, formerly known as the Scotiabank National T20 Championship is the first ever Twenty 20 domestic competition in Canada held by Cricket Canada. The first tournament started in 2005 from August 1 to 5, in Vancouver, British Columbia at the Brockton Oval. It featured teams from British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Quebec and Ontario. It saw British Columbia defeated Ontario in the final, by four wickets.
In 2008, it was revived and was played at the Maple Leaf Cricket Club in King City, Ontario, it was held on a rotational basis, this year the Ontario Cricket Association hosted teams from Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan and the Nova Scotia. Ontario 'B' were champions defeating Quebec in the final.
However, in 2012 Cricket Canada revamped the tournament and modeled it after the Indian Premier League. Instead of each province sending their own representative teams, Cricket Canada divided the country into 5 regions, with a team composed of players from a particular region on the team. In addition, each region was assigned a member of the Canada national cricket team to serve as captain. Other Canadian national team players at both the Senior and Under 19 levels competed for regional teams as well. Also, in 2013, Cricket Canada brought in 5 professional cricketers from Trinidad and Tobago to improve the play of the competition.
In addition to the T20 tournament, this competition also features a 50 over tournament featuring the same squads. The Cliff Cox Trophy is awarded to the 50 overs winner, while the Calvin Clarke Trophy is awarded to the T20 winner. Under the Scotiabank sponsorship, the winner received the Ed Bracht Trophy.
Sponsorship.
CIBC is the title sponsor for this competition. As well each of the clubs have sponsors of their own. The Pacific Edge was sponsored by Vij's at Home, the Western Stallions by Titan GSG Media Corporation, Prairie Fire by CricHQ, Central Shield by Sportsnet World and Eastern Fury by Teacher's Blended Scotch Whiskey.
Television.
In 2013, matches were televised on Rogers Television and Sportsnet World. As well, all matches were webcast at www.sportsnet.ca.

</doc>
<doc id="19879206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879206" title="Universitetskaya Embankment">
Universitetskaya Embankment

Universitetskaya Embankment () is a 1.2 km long embankment on the right bank of the Bolshaya Neva, on Vasilievsky Island in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Starting at the Spit of Vasilievsky Island, it spans between Palace Bridge and Blagoveshchensky Bridge. 
The bank was lined with granite in 1805-1810 (eastern part), 1831-1834 (western part) and the 1850s (near Blagoveshchensky Bridge). It features an ensemble of Petrine Baroque buildings of the early 18th century, including the Kunstkamera, Twelve Collegia, Menshikov Palace, as well as the neoclassical building of the Academy of Arts. 
The embankment was formerly connected to the left bank through Isaakiyevsky Pontone Bridge, constructed in 1819-1841 in front of Senate Square.
One of the campuses of Saint Petersburg State University (hosted in the Twelve Collegia and several other buildings), Saint Petersburg branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Peter the Great Museum of Anthropology and Ethnography (hosted in the Kunstkamera) and Zoological Museum are all situated along the embankment.
The embankment was named after the university in 1887.
Sphinxes.
A quay in front of the Academy of Arts building, adorned with two authentic sphinxes of Pharaoh Amenhotep III brought in 1832 from Thebes, Egypt, was designed by Konstantin Thon and built in 1832-1834. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879220" title="Nietzsche and Philosophy">
Nietzsche and Philosophy

Nietzsche and Philosophy () is a 1962 book about Friedrich Nietzsche by philosopher Gilles Deleuze. Its publication marked a significant turning-point in French philosophy, which had previously given little consideration to Nietzsche as a serious philosopher. "Nietzsche and Philosophy" was the first French study of Nietzsche to treat him as a systematically coherent philosopher. It raised questions that became central to Nietzsche studies and to French post-structuralism generally. Within Nietzsche scholarship, the book was notable for giving serious consideration to the concepts of the will to power and the eternal return.

</doc>
<doc id="19879261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879261" title="Tony Fitzpatrick">
Tony Fitzpatrick

Tony Fitzpatrick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879280" title="1997 Monte Carlo Open">
1997 Monte Carlo Open

The 1997 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 91st edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1997 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 21 through April 27, 1997.
The men's field was headlined by. Other top seeds in the field were.

</doc>
<doc id="19879339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879339" title="United States v. Crimmins">
United States v. Crimmins

United States v. Crimmins 123 F.2d 271 (1941) was a case before the Second Circuit Court of Appeals about conspiracy to commit mail fraud. Judge Learned Hand wrote the court's opinion. Hand reasoned that conspiracy to commit mail fraud required a higher "mens rea" -- purpose instead of reasonable foreseeability—than the substantive crime of mail fraud. To bolster his opinion, Hand made a famous analogy. He argued that while one may inadvertently run a red light, conspiracy to run a red light is an agreement that requires the conspirators know that the light is red. Likewise, conspiracy to commit mail fraud requires prior knowledge that the conspirators will use the mails.
The United States Supreme Court rejected Hand's analogy in "United States v. Feola" (1975), holding that conspiracy to assault a federal agent required no greater "mens rea" than assault would.

</doc>
<doc id="19879356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879356" title="Michael Patrick Shiels">
Michael Patrick Shiels

Michael Patrick Shiels is an American radio personality and author. He is the former host of "Michael Patrick Shiels in the Morning", heard on 9 Michigan radio stations. He is also known for authoring books with Donald Trump, Larry King, Arthur Hills, and Ben Wright.
Media career.
Writing.
Shiels has written for newspapers and magazines on golf and travel. His articles have appeared in publications including "The Los Angeles Times", "Cigar Aficionado", "Travel + Leisure", AAA "Michigan Living", Singapore’s "SC Magazine", "Bermuda Royal Gazette", "Honolulu Star-Bulletin", "Automotive News", "Traverse Magazine", "Lake Magazine", "Traverse City Record-Eagle", Booth Newspapers, "The Detroit News", "Detroit Free Press", Heritage Newspapers, "Sports Illustrated", "Golf Magazine", and more.
Radio.
Shiels was the long-time producer for WJR Detroit's legendary radio host, J.P. McCarthy. He began hosting the Michigan Talk Network's morning show in 2005 until his departure in February 2012. He has won the "Network Radio Personality of the Year" award from the Michigan Association of Broadcasters in both 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19879358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879358" title="Peter Rocca">
Peter Rocca

Peter Drake Rocca (born July 27, 1957) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.
Rocca broke onto the international swimming scene winning two gold medals in the Men's Backstroke events (100m and 4 x 100m Medley Relay) at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico. Peter participated for his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, where he claimed two silver medals in the Men's Backstroke events (100m and 200m). Rocca continued to swim after the Montreal Olympics—two years later he won the silver medal in the men's 100-meter backstroke event at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in Berlin, Germany. The next year, he again represented the United States at the 1979 Pan American Games in San Juan, Puerto Rico winning the 200-meter backstroke in a new world reocrd time. In 1980, Rocca qualified for the Olympic team in both the 100-meter and 200-meter backstroke events and was elected team captain, only to have his culminating performances dashed by the United States-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. 
Rocca, of Cal Berkeley, was one of the top backstrokers in the world from 1975 through 1980 and competed in the eras of Roland Matthes and John Naber finishing second to Naber in both backstroke events at the 1976 Olympics and beating Mathes in the 100m. Collegiately, Rocca led a resurgence of the Golden Bears men's swim program, captaining and winning individual and the Team titles his senior year in 1979. Additionally, he won seven USS titles; five individual and two relays.
At the age of 27, and after three years out of the water, Rocca made a valiant Olympic comeback effort in 1984. At the 1984 U.S. Olympic Trials, he fell short from achieving this goal, finishing fourth in the 200-meter and third in the 100-meter backstroke races.

</doc>
<doc id="19879360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879360" title="Aleksei Kangaskolkka">
Aleksei Kangaskolkka

Aleksei Kangaskolkka (born 29 October 1988 Vyborg, USSR) is a Finnish footballer of Russian origin, who plays as a striker. He currently represents Heracles Almelo in the Dutch Eredivisie.
Career.
Kangaskolkka was born in Russia where he grew up before moving to Finland at the age of eight. In 2004 he made his debut with MyPa in the Finnish top division Veikkausliiga at the young age of sixteen. In that same year he also went on trial with English club Manchester United. In his second year with IFK Mariehamn he had his most successful season yet when he became the second best goalscorer of the 2012 Veikkausliiga. After that Kangaskolkka felt that he wanted to try playing in another league and signed a one year contract with Jönköpings Södra in the Swedish second tier. On 17 July 2013, he signed with Dutch side Heracles Almelo.
Personal life.
Kangaskolkka has both Finnish and Russian citizenship and says that he feels equally Finnish and Russian. He speaks the Finnish language better and considers Tampere in Finland to be his home. But he also admits that he supports the Russia men's national ice hockey team when they play against the Finland men's national ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="19879365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879365" title="French ship Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1795)">
French ship Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1795)

Jean-Jacques Rousseau was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
In October 1796, under Captain Racord, she was part of the Villeneuve's squadron that sailed from Toulon to Brest. On 2 December 1802, she was renamed to Marengo (reflecting the political change from the Revolutionary Republic inspired by Jean-Jacques Rousseau to the advent of General (soon to be Emperor) Napoleon).
In 1803 she sailed to the Indian Ocean as Linois' flagship, notably taking part in the Battle of Pulo Aura and the Battle of Vizagapatam.
At the Action of 13 March 1806 Linois met with the division of Vice-Admiral Sir John Warren, with seven ships of the line (including the 108-gun , the 82-gun and , and the 80-gun ), two frigates (including the 48-gun ) and one corvette. After a fierce duel with "London", "Marengo" struck her colours; battled against "Amazon" and later against "Ramilles", and had to surrender as well.
"Marengo" was taken into British service as HMS "Marengo". She was used as a prison hulk from 1809 until she was broken up in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="19879374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879374" title="Sonia Chang-Díaz">
Sonia Chang-Díaz

Sonia Rosa Chang-Díaz (born March 31, 1978) is an American politician who represents the 2nd Suffolk District in the Massachusetts Senate. She is the first Latina elected to the Massachusetts Senate.
Background.
Chang-Díaz has both Chinese and Spanish heritage through her father Franklin Chang-Díaz, a Costa Rican-American physicist and former NASA astronaut. Sonia Chang-Díaz was born shortly after her father earned his Doctor of Science degree from MIT. Chang-Díaz grew up in Newton, Massachusetts, where her mother was a social worker, and both her parents were active volunteers in the community.
Before seeking election Chang-Díaz was a teacher in the Lynn school system, a teacher in the Boston Public Schools system, and an outreach director for the Massachusetts Budget and Policy Center. She lives in Jamaica Plain. She is married.
Massachusetts Senate campaigns.
In 2006, incumbent state senator Dianne Wilkerson failed to submit nomination papers with enough signatures for certification on the Democratic primary election, requiring her to run a write-in campaign for the party's nomination. Chang-Díaz entered the race as write-in as well, challenging Wilkerson in a minority-majority district covering a number of the inner-city neighborhoods of Boston. Wilkerson won the nomination and was re-elected.
In 2008, Chang-Díaz challenged Wilkerson again for the party's nomination, with both candidates appearing on the ballot. In the September 2008 primary election, Chang-Díaz won the Democratic nomination. Chang-Díaz won the general election on November 4, 2008 and was sworn into office in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19879376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879376" title="MB">
MB

MB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879386" title="Impossible (Edyta song)">
Impossible (Edyta song)

"Impossible" is a 2003 single by Edyta Górniak (known as “Edyta”) from the album "Invisible".
Background.
The single was released in Poland, Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
"Impossible" is the first single from the album "Invisible" and the last after the scheduled release of the second single “The Story So Far” have been cancelled.
Chart performance.
On February 2, 2003, "Impossible" debuted at number fifty-eight on the German Singles Chart, becoming Edyta's highest debut on the German Single Chart to date and her second entry in the German Chart after "One & One".
The song also debuted at number sixty-six in Austria on February 16, 2003, rising to number fifty, and at number sixty-four in Switzerland on March 2, 2003.
"Impossible" reached number thirty-five on Lista Przebojów Trójki of the public radio station Polskie Radio 3, the most popular unofficial Polish Singles Chart.
Live performances.
Edyta performed "Impossible" in 2003 at the German edition of Top of the Pops on RTL, at the SWR3 Rheinland-Pfalz Open-Air in Mainz and at the Polish national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest as a show act.
Music video.
At the beginning of the music video Edyta walks in white clothes through a dark hallway which is only illuminated by blinking lights and then she starts do dance, then she is sitting in black clothes on a white chair in front of a white background.
In the next scenes she dances in front of a white background alone or together with some guys, then also in front of the dark room with the blinking lights. Between this scenes Edyta is spinning also in the white chair.
In another scene Edyta is lying in the midst of colour changing LED-based lights. The video ends with a close-up view of Edyta singing into a microphone.

</doc>
<doc id="19879395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879395" title="Protection">
Protection

Protection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879397" title="Esporte Clube Pinheiros (women's volleyball)">
Esporte Clube Pinheiros (women's volleyball)

Esporte Clube Pinheiros is the professional women's volleyball team from multisports club from the same name, based in São Paulo, São Paulo (state), Brazil.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19879402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879402" title="2000 Paris Masters">
2000 Paris Masters

The 2000 Paris Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 26th edition of the Paris Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from November 13 through November 20, 2000.
The draw was headlined by. Other top seeds were. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879430" title="Manchester Liners">
Manchester Liners

Manchester Liners was a cargo and passenger shipping company, founded in 1898, based in Manchester, England. The line pioneered the regular passage of ocean-going vessels along the Manchester Ship Canal. Its main sphere of operation was the transatlantic shipping trade, but the company also operated services to the Mediterranean. All of the line's vessels were registered in the Port of Manchester, and many were lost to enemy action during the First and Second World Wars.
A successful switch from traditional to container shipping in 1968 was relatively short-lived, as the subsequent introduction elsewhere of much larger container ships meant that the company's vessels, which were restricted to a maximum length of imposed by the ship canal's lock chambers, could no longer compete economically. The line ceased operations in 1985.
Early history.
The opening of the Manchester Ship Canal in 1894 made it possible for large ocean-going ships to sail directly into the heart of Manchester. However, because of opposition from cartels of ship-owners based at Liverpool and other ports in the United Kingdom, shipping lines were slow to introduce direct services to the new Port of Manchester, which found it difficult to compete against the established ports. New trading routes from Manchester to West Africa and Mediterranean ports were countered by the established shipping conferences sharply reducing their own charges and by inducing their customers to sign binding contracts. In some cases, after achieving their aims, the cartels re-imposed their old charges. To help counter these 'sharp practices', Sir Christopher Furness, of Furness Withy & Company, proposed in 1897 that a Manchester-based shipping line should be formed, to encourage the use of the Manchester Ship Canal and docks. The public prospectus for Manchester Liners Ltd (ML) was issued on 10 May 1898, with an authorised share capital of £1 million. Furness' company became the largest shareholder, and he was appointed chairman. Other directors included representatives from the Ship Canal company and Salford Borough Council. Robert Burdon Stoker, a director of Furness Withy, was appointed as ML's first managing director.
Initial operations 1898–1914.
Manchester Liners decided from the outset to make Manchester–Canada their prime route, with a secondary route to the southern United States cotton ports of New Orleans and Galveston. Other lesser, sometimes seasonal routes, were added later.
Two 1890-built 3,000 gross registered ton (grt) ships were bought for £60,000 in May 1898, and renamed "Manchester Enterprise" and "Manchester Trader". The "Trader" made the shipping line's first voyage, setting out from Avonmouth for Montreal on 26 May, before docking in Manchester with a cargo of grain.
The two secondhand vessels were joined in January 1899 by the newly built "Manchester City" of 7,696 grt, constructed by Raylton Dixon & Co of Middlesbrough. This steamship carried of coal, burned at per day, giving a speed of , fast for her day. She was a refrigerated vessel, designed to carry frozen meat and live cattle, and was claimed to be one of the largest meat-carrying ships then afloat. She made a successful maiden voyage from Canada and up the new canal to Manchester, taking two days and stopping overnight at Irlam to give the crew a rest. The "Manchester Guardian" reported on 16 January 1899 that "there were many shakings of the head, not only in Liverpool, at the audacity of the attempt" and that "the canal pilots, on reaching Irlam, looked as if they had not been in bed for a week, as their eyes were bleared with exhaustion". The "City" discharged 450 cattle and 150 sheep at Manchester Corporation's Foreign Animals Wharf near the Mode Wheel locks in Salford. With an overall length of , she was by far the largest vessel to have ventured up the waterway, and her successful navigation disproved the claim of Liverpool owners that only ships of or less could safely reach Manchester. The vessel continued to Manchester docks for further unloading, where she was met by the Lord Mayor, accompanied by a band and a festive crowd. This successful voyage did much to encourage other shipowners to use the new port. On her first voyage to Halifax, Nova Scotia in March 1899, the "City" took nine days and sixteen hours; and arrived before the mail boat, which had left the Mersey twelve hours ahead of her.
The ML fleet was joined by two new smaller 5,600 grt vessels, the "Manchester Port" and "Manchester Merchant" during 1899 and 1900, and further new vessels followed quickly thereafter. The basic sailing pattern to Canada was St John, New Brunswick, year-round and to Montreal when the St Lawrence River was ice-free.
Between 1899 and 1902, four Manchester ships and their crews were requisitioned by the United Kingdom government to transport troops, horses, and supplies to South Africa during the Boer War and its aftermath. Collecting points for horses and mules included Galveston and New Orleans (USA) and Buenos Aires and Montevideo in South America. "Manchester Port" made its second voyage to the Cape in 1900, then continued to Australia to bring troops to the conflict. On the first voyage after her return to ML, in January 1903, the first "Manchester Merchant" was lost while on passage from New Orleans to Manchester. A serious fire developed in her cotton cargo, and she was scuttled in Dingle Bay on the west coast of Ireland to douse the flames, but subsequently broke up in bad weather.
By 1904 the line was operating fourteen steamships of between four and seven thousand tons, several built by the associated Furness Withy shipyards. Services to ports in eastern Canada were supplemented by regular sailings to Boston, Philadelphia, and the southern US cotton ports of New Orleans and Galveston. Between 1904 and 1908 ML deployed three vessels including the "Manchester City" to the River Plate route, serving other UK ports as well Manchester. The main return cargo was frozen and chilled meat, and the "City" set a record for the largest meat consignment up to that time. Lord Furness, as he had become, died in 1912 and was succeeded as ML's chairman by R. B. Stoker until his death in 1919. ML's fleet was maintained at 14 vessels during the last few years before the First World War. Eleven of their ships were deployed on the Canadian routes, carrying mainly manufactured goods outwards and meat and grain inbound.
Operations during the First World War.
At the start of the war in July 1914, ML had a fleet of fifteen ships. Most of the fleet continued to operate services to ports in eastern Canada and to USA including Baltimore, returning with war and other supplies. In August 1914, the "Manchester Miller" (1903) and "Manchester Civilian" (1913) were requisitioned as supply ships and sent with coal to the Falkland Islands to refuel the battlecruisers HMS "Inflexible" and HMS "Invincible". As the "Civilian" was coaling the cruisers, the German vessels approached and the British warships cast off immediately to engage them. In the ensuing battle Admiral Von Spee's battleships "Scharnhost" and "Gneisenau", plus escorting cruisers, were sunk. The "Civilian" was later equipped with minesweeping gear. She returned in 1916 carrying supplies and equipment from Canada to the troops in France.
All vessels were fitted with defensive guns at the bow and stern. In June 1917 "Manchester Port" (1904) beat off a submarine attack with gunfire near Cape Wrath. "Manchester Commerce" (1899), outward-bound for Quebec City was sunk off northwest Ireland on 26 October 1914, with the loss of 14 crew, becoming the first merchant ship to be sunk by a mine. On 4 June 1917 the second "Manchester Trader", en route from Souda Bay in Crete to Algiers, was engaged in a running battle with U-boat U 65 before she was captured and sunk near Pantellaria island, with the loss of one crewmember. The master, Captain F. D. Struss, was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, and went on to complete 40 years service with the line after surviving another sinking in the Second World War. A further nine ships were sunk by U-boats, seven of the losses occurring in 1917.
ML acquired seven ships between 1916 and 1918, four of which were sunk in 1917. "Manchester Engineer" acquired secondhand in 1917 had a short but eventful career with ML. On 18 June, when bound for Archangel, she was chased by a U-boat but escaped when her naval escort arrived. On 16 August when sailing from the Tyne to St Nazaire with coal, she was torpedoed five miles off Flamborough Head and sunk. "Manchester Division" achieved fame on her maiden voyage from West Hartlepool to join a westbound Atlantic convoy at Plymouth when she rammed and sank a German submarine off Flamborough Head in October 1918. At the end of the war in November 1918, ML had twelve surviving vessels on strength.
Peacetime operations 1919–1939.
In 1921–22, ML's fleet was augmented by two second-hand vessels. Sailings were resumed to New Orleans, and the Baltimore service was extended to Norfolk, Virginia. Some ships including the "Manchester Civilian" and "Manchester Spinner" became regular carriers in the coal trade from Sydney, Nova Scotia. The "Civilian" made several round trips from the USA to Japan in 1923, carrying relief supplies after the Japanese earthquake. ML took delivery of the 7,930 tons steam turbine "Manchester Regiment" in 1922, constructed on the Tees by the Furness Shipbuilding Company. This ship with a crew of 65 was the largest operated to date, carrying 512 cattle, plus hold cargo and was equipped with large derricks to assist in heavy goods handling. The "Regiment's" record from the Mersey Bar to Quebec was seven days nine hours. In 1925 her captain won the gold-headed cane traditionally awarded each Spring to the master of the first ship to break through the St Lawrence ice to reach Montreal, a feat repeated later by several other ML captains. ML's old head office in Deansgate, Manchester became inadequate and was replaced in August 1922 by a purpose-built five-storey modern building located in St Ann's Square next to the Royal Exchange.
The line acquired two new vessels in 1925, but later that year its fortunes were adversely affected by competition from subsidised American firms on the North Atlantic routes; ML disposed of seven ships between late 1925 and 1930, reducing its fleet to ten vessels. The "Regiment" steamed 160 miles through a gale in 1929 to reach the sinking Glasgow steamer "Volumnia". A lifeboat was launched to rescue the crew of forty-five. On return home, King George V awarded the "Regiment's" lifeboat crew the Silver Medal for Gallantry in Saving Life at Sea and Manchester's Lord Mayor presented a silver salver from the Board of Trade to Captain Linton. In 1933, amid the Great Depression, several ships were laid up; the "Manchester Merchant" of 1904 was disposed of for breaking up and the "Manchester Civilian" was sold to Greek owners. The public sailing programme for the 1933 summer season listed six ships as allocated to the weekly "Fast Freight Service" to Quebec and Montreal. The six steamers were advertised as being "fitted with fan or forced ventilation and all have cold storage accommodation". Most vessels were also able to carry up to twelve passengers. After a ten-year gap, three new vessels were commissioned between 1935 and 1938 as trade started to recover, maintaining the fleet at ten ships. The trio were equipped with automatic stokers for their coal-fired boilers and had greatly improved accommodation for the passengers and the crew.
Operations during the Second World War.
ML had ten vessels at the start of World War II, but early in the conflict lost "Manchester Regiment" in December 1939, when outbound with general cargo for St John, New Brunswick. She was proceeding without lights when she was run down by the Pacific Steam Navigation's "Oropesa", which had been detached from an eastbound convoy. While the ML fleet continued to be deployed on the North Atlantic routes during the war, the company's vessels also undertook a wide variety of roles elsewhere during the conflict. "Manchester City" became a minelayer, then a naval auxiliary ship, working in the Far East. "Manchester Progress" was one of the last ships to leave Rangoon in 1941 before the Japanese conquest of Burma. "Manchester Commerce" (1925) was deployed on Mediterranean convoys in 1942/43 and next year transported mules from South Africa to India for the Burma Campaign. "Manchester Trader" (1941) was fitted with extra crew quarters for use as a commodore ship on Atlantic convoys. Except for two supply runs to Bone, Algeria, she remained in the Atlantic theatre and served ML until 1963. "Manchester Brigade", having survived the first World War, was sunk on 26 September 1940 after being torpedoed by U-137 when bound for Montreal in convoy off Malin Head, to the north of Ireland; 58 crew were lost.
"Manchester Merchant", completed in May 1940, quickly became involved in "Operation "Fish"", transporting Britain's gold reserves to Canada, making two voyages with bullion valued in total at £4.5 million. In late 1942 she was deployed on Operation "Torch" as a supply ship to North Africa. On 25 February 1943, she was torpedoed by "U 628" while part of an outbound Atlantic convoy; 36 of the crew of 65 including gunners were lost, but Captain Struss again survived, and received the OBE. "Manchester Division" (1918) bound for Table Bay was directed to assist the Blue Star Line's "Dunedin Star" which had beached on Namibia's rugged coast. The "Division" stood by in heavy swell for three days, rescuing 40 passengers and crew, before taking them to Cape Town. "Manchester Citizen" (1925) was also sunk by a U-boat, whilst on passage to Lagos on 9 July 1943 after surviving several supply runs for the Eighth Army. The last vessel to be "lost", albeit deliberately, was "Manchester Spinner" (1918), which had taken military supplies to India in 1942. On 7 June 1944, shortly after D-Day, manned by a volunteer crew, she led a line of Mulberry Harbour blockships and was sunk off Juno Beach Normandy to act as a breakwater, whilst troop reinforcements and stores were landed on the beaches. Her superstructure was then armed with anti-aircraft guns.
Peacetime operations 1945–1968.
At the war's end, ML had a fleet of eight vessels built between 1918 and 1943, and these continued to operate the traditional service to eastern Canada for a further two years before new vessels could be acquired. In 1946 the "Manchester Shipper" became the first merchant ship to be fitted with radar, and to navigate the St Lawrence with its aid. In the same year the company carried Manchester's Lord Mayor and party to Canada on a goodwill and trade mission. "Manchester Exporter" was sold in 1947 and replaced by the newly built larger "Manchester Regiment". Two further 7,000 ton ships were commissioned in 1952, which meant that the "Manchester Division", veteran of both wars, could be sold for scrapping after a record 35 years service with the line. In 1952, Robert B. Stoker, grandson of the second chairman, became the third generation of his family to be appointed an executive director of ML. He had joined the line in 1932 and in turn became chairman in 1968.
"Manchester Shipper" was used to transport WWII German aircraft to Canada. It left Ellesmere Port on the 23rd of August 1946 arriving in Montreal September 1. Its cargo included two Me 262s (WNr500210, WNr111690). "Manchester Commerce" also carried Second World War German aircraft to Canada, leaving Seaforth Docks on 26 August and arriving on 9 September with two He 162s (WNr 120076, WNr 120086) and two Me 163s (WNr191454, WNr191914).
ML contracted Cammell Laird of Birkenhead to build two smaller vessels of 1,800 tons. Commissioned in 1952, they were named the "Manchester Pioneer" and "Explorer". They were joined by the secondhand 1,400-ton "Manchester Prospector". The trio were the first of a size able to pass through the restricted-size canals and locks leading directly to Toronto and the other Great Lakes ports as far as Detroit, Michigan. This initiative, the first by a British line, and taken well ahead of the 1959 completion of the Saint Lawrence Seaway, gave the line a head start in the direct trade to the Midwest ports. During the winter months, when thick ice prevented navigation on the lakes, the trio were employed elsewhere, sometimes on charter to other lines.
"Manchester Progress", 5,620 grt, opened a regular mid-summer service to Churchill, Manitoba on Hudson Bay in 1954, during the short ice-free season, bringing back grain shipped to the port by rail from the Canadian Prairies. Captain F. Struss, survivor of sinkings in both wars, retired in March 1954 after forty years service, the last ML Commodore who had gained his master's ticket in sail. That same year the Great Lakes service was extended to Chicago, and ML's pre-1914 service to the southern US ports of Charleston, Savannah, and Jacksonville was resumed.
A USAF RB-36 "Peacemaker" ten-engined strategic bomber suffered engine fires on 5 August 1954, while en route from Travis AFB California to RAF Lakenheath Suffolk. The crew of twenty-three were ordered to bail out west of Ireland at 03:40. The "Manchester Shipper", inbound from Montreal, and the outbound "Manchester Pioneer", diverted to the scene and despite bad weather were able to rescue the four surviving crew. The USAF's HQ Third Air Force sent messages commending the ship masters and crews efforts under adverse circumstances.
ML's first two motor vessels, with engines and accommodation located aft, were commissioned in April 1956. The "Manchester Vanguard" and "Venture", 1,662 grt, were designed for the Great Lakes service. Two larger motor vessels, the "Manchester Faith" and "Fame", 4,460 grt, were commissioned in April 1959, and the "Faith" quickly became the first commercial vessel to transit the newly opened St Lawrence Seaway with its larger locks.
Two ML vessels were involved in a successful mid-Atlantic rescue of airliner passengers on 23 September 1962. A Flying Tiger Line Lockheed Super Constellation was en route from McGuire AFB New Jersey to Frankfurt Airport with 76 persons aboard. Two out of four engines failed and the airliner changed course for Shannon Airport Ireland. After a further hour, a third engine failed and Captain John Murray made a successful ditching in darkness west of Shannon. All occupants evacuated the aircraft before it sank. The larger "Manchester Progress" acted as a radio relay ship, while "Manchester Faith" picked up 48 survivors. The other 28 persons on board the aircraft were lost when their rafts sank in heavy seas.
Switch to containers 1968–1978.
Manchester Liners House, the company's new headquarters in Salford Docks was officially opened on 12 December 1969 by the High Commissioner for Canada. The design was advanced for its day and it remains basically unchanged today except for re-glazing. The unusual curved facade of the ten-storey building was designed to echo the bridge shape of the "Manchester Miller". Later renamed "Furness House", it was built on the former Manchester Ship Canal railway sidings between Nos. 8 and 9 Docks.
By the late 1960s rising shore costs, dock workers strikes, restrictive practices on both sides of the Atlantic, and subsidised competition from American shipping lines, persuaded Manchester Liners to switch its future fleet to container ships only. An example of the delaying effect of the strikes in the Canadian ports, with consequent impact on operating costs, was an extended ninety-day return voyage to Quebec City in early 1967 by the new "Manchester Progress".
Initially, three new ships were ordered from Smiths Dock Company in Middlesbrough, the first of which, "Manchester Challenge", was delivered in 1968, becoming the first British-built and operated cellular container ship. The "Challenge" and her two sisters "Manchester Courage" and "Concorde" were followed from the Tees in 1971 by the "Crusade". UK manufacturers supplied 10,000 containers. The four ships each had the capacity to carry five hundred containers, all of them below deck. A new regular container route started in November 1968, with a twice-weekly service to Montreal, where the containers were transferred to smaller vessels which could navigate to the ports of the Great Lakes. The four new powerful (16,000 hp) vessels were constructed to a standard exceeding Lloyds class 1 ice-stiffening, with additional aft protection over the rudder to permit reversing through ice.
On her second voyage in early 1969, "Manchester Challenge" lived up to her name by entering the heavily iced Montreal harbour, discharging, reloading and departing only two days late. Another thirty-seven conventional vessels were stuck at the port for a month. The quartet's ice-breaking capability often resulted them in leading a convoy of other vessels into Montreal during the winter months. The four ships of 12,039 gross tons were of the maximum size able to navigate the Manchester Ship Canal.
To obtain the greatest operational efficiency, ML constructed two dedicated container terminals with their own gantry cranes, spreaders etc. The Manchester terminal was built on an open site next to the western end of No. 9 Dock. A second container berth was added in 1972. The other terminal was created at Montreal, with similar equipment, where the containers were trans-shipped to a dedicated liner train operated by Canadian National Railways, which carried them onwards to Toronto and further destinations.
ML inaugurated a container service to the Mediterranean in 1971 using smaller ships. Initial destinations included Malta, Cyprus and Israel. Later in the decade, the countries served were extended to include Italy, Greece, Lebanon and Syria. To further improve service to shippers, two large road hauliers were acquired in 1971 and 1972, enabling a "door-to-door" container operation to be introduced. Facilities for container storage and repair were also acquired. Following its successful pioneering of the UK container trade, ML was given the Queen's Award for Export in 1971, the first to be given to a shipping company; every ship in the fleet flew the award flag.
In 1974 ML carried out of the total of dry cargo handled on the ship canal (27%). During the same year, ML acquired Manchester Dry Docks Ltd, which operated three large and one small dry docks on the canal adjacent to MLs berths in Salford Docks. These facilities assisted greatly in keeping the fleet fully operational. "Manchester Challenge" completed her 100th round voyage to Montreal in 1975 having carried 95,000 containers weighing a distance of  – the equivalent of a round trip to the moon. During 1976 MLs Manchester to Canada route had three sailings per week.
Decline and closure.
Manchester Liners had been partly owned by Furness Withy from the beginning, and they became a subsidiary in 1970. Furness Withy was itself taken over in 1980 by the C. Y. Tung Group of Hong Kong. Robert B. Stoker retired in 1979 as Chairman of Manchester Liners after 47 years service with the company.
Severe competition following the building of excess container shipping capacity by many companies badly affected ML's trade and profitability. The company's vessels were by then smaller than average in the industry, leading to higher operating costs per unit of cargo carried. Their operations were further severely affected during the mid-1970s by both official and unofficial strikes by dock workers. The service to Canada ended in 1979, and by the early 1980s only five "Manchester" ships remained – the 30,000 ton container vessel "Manchester Challenge" and four 1,600–4,000 ton vessels: "Manchester Crown", "Manchester Trader", "Manchester Faith" and "Manchester City". The line had by then ceased using the Port of Manchester, and the four smaller vessels were operating to the Mediterranean out of Ellesmere Port, closer to the sea on the lower reaches of the ship canal.
In 1981, ML jointly with the Canadian Pacific Steamship Company and the Dart Container Line, instituted a weekly containership service from Felixstowe, Suffolk, to Montreal. MLs contribution to the service was the large "Manchester Challenge". The last of Manchester Liners' ships was sold in 1985, and in 1988 the services formerly operated by the company were taken over by the Orient Overseas Container Line, successor to the Tung Group.
Ship naming policy, house and flag colours.
The company's ship-naming policy throughout its 87-year period of operations was to use its home port's name plus a suffix word, often a trade or occupation. The most frequently used name was "Manchester Trader", applied to six different vessels between 1898 and cessation of operations in 1985. Some names used appropriately during the First World War, such as "Manchester Hero", "Manchester Brigade" and "Manchester Division" were not reused after the disposal or loss of those vessels. Some vessels operated short-term or on charter retained their original names and did not receive the "Manchester" prefix.
From the earliest days, the line's colours were: funnels – dark red with black top and thin black band; hulls – black with white boot topping. During the Second World War, ships were painted in battleship grey and the names were deleted for security, except when in friendly ports. From the 1960s onwards, some ships' hulls were painted light grey and others red.
The line's flag colours were a red oval, placed horizontally, with white "ML" lettering in the centre, imposed on an overall white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19879434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879434" title="Fang">
Fang

A fang is a long, pointed tooth. In mammals, a fang is a canine tooth, used for biting and tearing flesh. In snakes, it is a venom-injecting tooth (see snake venom). Spiders also have fangs, which are part of the chelicerae. 
Fangs are most common in carnivores or omnivores, but some herbivores, such as fruit bats, carry them as well. They are generally used to hold or swiftly kill prey, such as in large cats. Omnivorous animals, such as bears, use their fangs when hunting fish or other prey, but they are not needed for consuming fruit. Apes also have fangs, which they use for threats and fighting. However, the relatively short canines of humans are not considered to be fangs.
Fangs in religion, mythology and legend.
Certain mythological and legendary creatures such as dragons, gargoyles and yakshas are commonly depicted with prominent fangs. The fangs of vampires are one of their defining characteristics. 
The deities of certain religions such as Hinduism have fangs. One example is Chamunda, as well as Kali and Yama in some iconographic representations. These are an indication of their fierce aspect. Fangs are also common among demonic figures such as Rangda in Balinese Hinduism.

</doc>
<doc id="19879438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879438" title="Kevin Moore (rugby league)">
Kevin Moore (rugby league)

Kevin Moore (born 30 November 1965 in Lakemba, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league football coach and former player.
Rugby league career.
Playing career.
As a player he played as a scrum-half. He played for the Halifax RLFC team in the RFL Championship (1984–1986). He then joined the Canterbury Bulldogs team in 1989, where he remained until 1994.
Coaching career.
He became the head coach for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs of the NRL from the 2009 season and was named in place of Steve Folkes after his retirement.
Personal life.
He is the son of Peter "Bullfrog" Moore. He is also brother-in-law to his predecessor, former Bulldogs coach Steve Folkes.

</doc>
<doc id="19879443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879443" title="Eddie Su'a">
Eddie Su'a

Eddie Su'a (born 13 January 1983) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Cronulla Sharks in the NRL. He plays as a prop. He is a Portuguese international.

</doc>
<doc id="19879451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879451" title="Ross Barbour">
Ross Barbour

Ross Barbour (born 27 March 1981 in Wexford, Ireland) is a rugby league player for the Carlow Crusaders in the Irish Carnegie League. He plays as a full-back. He is an Irish international. He was educated in Wesley College, Dublin 
He had been named in the Ireland squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19879474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879474" title="1999 Paris Open">
1999 Paris Open

The 1999 Paris Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 25th edition of the Paris Masters, and is part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from November 1 through November 8, 1999.
The draw was headlined by. Other top seeds were. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879500" title="Ron Tomsic">
Ron Tomsic

Ronald Paul Tomsic (born April 3, 1933) is a former American basketball player.
Tomsic, a guard, played college basketball at Stanford University from 1951–1955. He scored 1,416 points in his Stanford career, the most in school history at the time. He scored 40 points in a game against USC in 1955, sixth on the school's single-game scoring list, and still holds Stanford's single-season field goal attempts record. His name appears near the top of many other Stanford basketball scoring records. 
Following his graduation from Stanford, Tomsic was drafted by the Syracuse Nationals in the 1955 NBA Draft but did not play in the NBA. He played AAU basketball for the San Francisco Olympic Club, and in 1956, was selected to be on the United States national basketball team for the 1956 Summer Olympics. In the Olympics, he scored 89 points for Team USA as the United States dominated its competition on the way to the gold medal. Ron has 3 children, Mark, Jill and Todd.

</doc>
<doc id="19879504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879504" title="Siriporn Thaweesuk">
Siriporn Thaweesuk

Siriporn Thaweesuk (often known by her name in the ring, Samson) is a female light-flyweight boxing champion (western boxing, not Muay Thai), from Thailand.
Thaweesuk won the title while serving a prison sentence, and was granted an early release from Thai prison after winning a world title, having been promised such prior to her victory. Originally a ten-year sentence, Thaweesuk served seven years.
She defeated Japan's Ayaka Miyano in a title fight, which was held in a prison yard boxing ring.

</doc>
