<doc id="19890120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890120" title="Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein">
Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein

Prince Alfred Louis of Liechtenstein ("Alfred Aloys Eduard") (Prague, 11 June 1842 - Frauenthal castle, 8 October 1907) was the son of Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein (1802–1887) and Countess Julia Eudoxia Potocka-Piława (1818–1895), older brother of Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein, and uncle and brother in law of Franz I of Liechtenstein.
He was the 1,143rd Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria in 1903.
Marriage and issue.
On 26 April 1865, in Vienna, he married his cousin Princess Henriette Maria Norberta (Schloss Liechtenstein bei Mödling, 6 June 1843 - Schloss Frauenthal, 24 December 1931), daughter of Aloys II, Prince of Liechtenstein. The couple had ten children together.
References.
s

</doc>
<doc id="19890149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890149" title="Sheed (disambiguation)">
Sheed (disambiguation)

Sheed is a nickname for the American basketball player Rasheed Wallace.
Sheed may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19890155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890155" title="Thompson Coburn">
Thompson Coburn

Thompson Coburn LLP is a U.S. law firm.
Practice areas.
Thompson Coburn is a law firm with more than 325 attorneys nationwide and offices in Chicago, St. Louis, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C, and Southern Illinois. The firm’s attorneys practice in more than 40 areas of the law and serve Fortune 500, mid-market and smaller clients on a national, regional and international basis. In 2012, Thompson Coburn was rated one of the top 13 law firms in the U.S. for client service. The firm has been especially active in the field of product liability. The firm also has practices in business litigation, class action, mergers and acquisitions, admiralty law, aviation, bankruptcy and restructuring, government contracts, intellectual property, labor law and employee benefits, environmental law, railroad law, corporate law, real estate and transportation.
Thompson Coburn attorneys serve Fortune 500, mid-market and smaller clients on a national, regional and international basis. The main headquarters are located in St. Louis, Missouri. Thompson Coburn is a law firm that has become cutting edge in computer technology that improves client service. The firm’s IT department has an internal team that is tasked with developing custom applications that can improve attorneys’ ability to serve clients.
History.
Thompson Coburn was founded in 1996 through the merger of two older St. Louis firms, Thompson & Mitchell and Coburn & Croft. In July 2007 Thompson Coburn completed a merger with Fagel Haber of Chicago, giving the firm its first outpost in the Windy City. In December 2009 and January 2010, 10 attorneys from the Chicago law firm of Schain, Burney, Ross and Citron joined the firm, strengthening its client services in the area of Land Use Real Estate Law. In 2013 the firm launched its Lobbying & Policy Group.
Lawsuits.
In 2000, Thompson Coburn attorney Michael Lazaroff admitted that he had charged clients for "$380,651 worth of entertainment and gifts they believed were free", using falsified bills that inflated costs for telephone and fax charges, witness preparation and courier and legal services. The Associated Press reported that Lazaroff left Thompson Coburn and would surrender his law license. Thompson Coburn's chairman John Musgrave said that according to an independent audit, Lazaroff had improperly billed around 50 clients, and no other lawyer besides Lazaroff was involved in the billing irregularities.
In 2008, Union Planters Bank, then operating as Magna, filed a complaint against Thompson Coburn alleging negligence and breach of contract and seeking $11,789,053 from the firm, in an amendment to an earlier suit filed in 2003. Magna was eventually awarded $3,654,606.40 in damages by a Madison County Circuit Court jury. Both parties appealed, but the judgment was upheld by Fifth District Appellate Court justices in 2010. 
In April 2013, Thompson Coburn and Mark Sableman, a partner of the firm, were sued after Sableman ran over a woman on a crosswalk. The plaintiff asserted Sableman was engaged in a cell phone conversation at the time, remained in his car after the incident, and did not come to her assistance as "she lay in the street bloodied, battered and unconscious." Sableman released a statement saying he got out of his car "immediately, stayed with her while onlookers called 911, and cooperated fully with the police and paramedics. I was not using my cell phone, as cell phone logs confirm."

</doc>
<doc id="19890173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890173" title="Are You an Egghead?">
Are You an Egghead?

Are You an Egghead? was a BBC quiz show presented by Dermot Murnaghan. It was a spin off from the quiz show "Eggheads", with its goal to find a further Egghead to complement the existing team. The first series was aired weekdays from 20 October to 2 December 2008 and was won by Barry Simmons. The second and final series was aired from 12 October to 23 November 2009 and was won by Pat Gibson.
Origins.
In May 2008, auditions for a sixth person to join the "Eggheads" team began. These auditions developed into a spin-off show, hosted by original Eggheads presenter Dermot Murnaghan. During the first series, from 20 October to 2 December 2008, the show aired at 4:30pm, weekdays on BBC Two.
Series 2 also aired at 4:30pm on BBC Two and began on 12 October 2009.
The auditions whittled the competition down to 32 contestants, who then played against each other in a straight knockout format to decide who would become the sixth Egghead. There were 16 first round matches, 8 in the second round, 4 quarterfinal matches and two semi finals and the final.
Rounds.
The format is similar to that of the original "Eggheads" show with the two contestants on the day playing five head-to-head main rounds and then a final round to decide the winner. The difference is that in "Are You an Egghead?" the prize for winning a head-to-head round is to choose one of the existing Eggheads to be on your team in the final.
In the five main rounds, the contestants are given a category, with the player who has won the coin toss before the show choosing whether or not to go first in the opening round. They are asked three multiple choice questions each; if these result in a tie, non-multiple choice questions are asked in pairs, in a sudden death fashion. The winner then gets to choose an Egghead and whether to go first or second in the next round.
After the main rounds the final takes place, in which the contestants are asked five multiple choice questions each (sudden death again determining a winner should the scores be level after the first five questions). The contestants can call on the help of the Eggheads they have won in the head to head rounds (once each) should they wish. The advantage in the final round should be with the contestant who has won more of the main rounds and hence has more Eggheads on their team, although the Egghead might not necessarily know the answer when they are asked and the contestant does not have to take their answer. Like "Eggheads", the category is always General Knowledge in the final.
Final.
The final of "Are You an Egghead?" has a slightly different format from that of the first five rounds, in the following ways:
Subjects.
There are nine possible subjects (the same as "Eggheads") in the head-to-head rounds.
Results.
The opportunity to become the sixth Egghead attracted some of the 'biggest' names from the British quizzing scene as they attempt to join 'arguably the greatest quiz team in Britain'.
Series 1.
Last 32.
Match One: Stephanie Bruce v. David Rainford: "The National Lottery People's Quiz" winner from 2007 Stephanie Bruce was defeated by former "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" contestant David Rainford 5–3 in the final round after David had won four head-to-heads to Stephanie's one.
Match Two: Jenny Ryan v. Mark Labbett: Jenny Ryan, a regular on the British quizzing circuit, defeated Mark Labbett 5–3 after a closely fought contest. Jenny won three head-to-heads to Mark's two. Mark made an error in the final round on one question whereas Jenny got all hers correct. Mark admitted afterwards that he should have asked for Daphne's help on the question (On which island of the Bahamas is the capital Nassau?) which she would have known.
Match Three: Kathryn Johnson v. James Webb: James Webb, a former "University Challenge" semi-finalist, defeated former "Mastermind" and "University Challenge - The Professionals" contestant Kathryn Johnson 2–1 in the final round. James won three head-to-heads to Kathryn's two.
Match Four: Andy Kelly v. Dr Ian Bayley: Andy Kelly, a regular on quiz shows over the last 15 years, was defeated by former British Quiz Champion, Dr Ian Bayley. Dr. Bayley won all 5 head-to-head rounds before winning 4–2 in the final round.
Match Five: Sarah Lang v. Alan Morgan: Alan Morgan, winner of The People's Quiz Wildcard and a finalist in the "National Lottery People's Quiz", defeated Sarah Lang, who was a million pound winner on "PokerFace" and also a winner on "In It to Win It". Alan won all five head-to-head rounds and then went 4–1 in the final round for victory.
Match Six: David Edwards v. Dom Tait: David Edwards, the first male jackpot winner of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", defeated Dom Tait, a former "University Challenge" semi-finalist. David won four head-to-head rounds to Dom's one before winning 4–3 in the final round.
Match Seven: Shanker Menon v. Isobel Williams: Shanker, a 2008 World Quizzing Championships competitor, beat Isobel Williams 7–6 in the first match to go to sudden death in the final round. Shanker had won 3 head-to-head rounds to Isobel's 2 in a closely fought battle. Isobel was the first contestant on the programme to have no previous quizzing experience.
Match Eight: Pete Dixon v. Barry Simmons: Barry Simmons, a former "Mastermind" and "Brain of Britain" contestant, defeated Pete Dixon, who has appeared on "The Weakest Link" and "Fifteen to One". Barry, who has also played for the England quiz team, won four head-to-head rounds to Pete's one. Pete made one mistake in the last round and lost 5–3.
Match Nine: Val Edmondson v. Pat Gibson: Pat Gibson, a winner on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", "Mastermind" and "Brain of Britain", came through his first round match with experienced quizzer Val Edmondson, who appeared on quiz shows "Top of the Form" and "Double Your Money" in the 1950s and 1960s. Pat won 4 head-to-head rounds to Val's 1 to have the advantage in the final and won 4–3 in that round.
Match Ten: Said Khan v. Jan Crompton: Jan Crompton, who is primarily a quiz question setter and researcher, defeated Said Khan. The head-to-head rounds saw Jan winning 3 to Said's 2 to take a slight advantage into the final round, which Jan won 5–3.
Match Eleven: Diane Hallagan v. Rob Hannah: Rob Hannah, a question setter, became the first contestant on Are you an Egghead? to win despite his opponent winning more of the head-to-head rounds. Diane, who has appeared on many quizzes, including "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", won 4 head-to-heads to Rob's 1 but Rob won 5–4 in the last round.
Match Twelve: Mark Kerr v. Steve Clark: Mark Kerr defeated Steve Clark again after the eventual loser had won more head-to-head rounds. Mark, who is 'Britain's Brainiest Estate Agent' and a former "Mastermind" finalist, lost out in the head-to-head rounds by 3–2 to Steve, who also won a section of Britain's Brainiest but for Nurses. However, Mark came back to win 3–1 in the final round.
Match Thirteen: Shaun Wallace v. Rob Swarbrick: Shaun Wallace, the 2004 winner of "Mastermind", came through a close contest with "Duel" winner Rob Swarbrick to win 7–6 in the final round. Despite Rob winning 3 head-heads to Shaun's 2, Rob required all his eggheads in the final round to get the score to 6–6 before eventually slipping up on a question.
Match Fourteen: Danielle Cartwright v. Olav Bjortomt: Olav Bjortomt, a regular on the quiz circuit and former World Quiz Champion, defeated Danielle Cartwright in a close contest. Danielle, who is one of the few contestants in the series to come in with no previous quizzing credentials, put up a strong fight before narrowly being edged out 3–2 in the head-to-heads and 4–3 in the final round.
Match Fifteen: Sophie Good v. Terry Toomey: Sophie Good, who is a teacher, was defeated by Terry Toomey, who has been a contestant on "The Weakest Link" and "Fifteen to One". Terry won four head-to-heads to Sophie's one before winning 4–3 in the final round.
Match Sixteen: Harold Wyber v. Mark Leete: Harold Wyber, a "University Challenge" winner with Warwick in 2006/07, was defeated by Mark Leete, who has appeared on "Pass the Buck" and "Payday", despite winning more of the head-to-head rounds. Harold won 3 head-to-heads to Mark's 2, but was beaten 4–3 in the final round with one slip up proving costly.
Last 16.
Match One: David Rainford v. Jenny Ryan: David Rainford defeated Jenny Ryan in the first of the second round matches. David won 3 head-to-head rounds to Jenny's 2 before David completed the job 4–3 in the final round using his Eggheads to better effect.
Match Two: James Webb v. Dr. Ian Bayley: James Webb caused a shock to knock out seasonsed quizzer Ian Bayley. Dr. Bayley won 3 head-to-heads to James' 2. However Dr. Bayley, surprisingly, slipped up on 2 consecutive questions in the final round and James answered his 4 correctly to win 4–2.
Match Three: Alan Morgan v. David Edwards: Alan Morgan defeated David Edwards in a contest that was neck and neck all the way. Alan won 3 head-to-heads to David's 2 and with the final round level at 3–3 David slipped up on his final 2 questions to hand the advantage to Alan who won 4–3.
Match Four: Shanker Menon v. Barry Simmons: In another close contest, Barry Simmons defeated Shanker Menon. Barry won 3 head-to-heads to Shanker's 2 before Barry used his Eggheads to better effect in the final round. With Barry 2–1 up, Shanker made the mistake that would cost him the game, when asked which quotation Napoleon had made when referring to not interrupting his enemies, Shanker believed it was 'Planning Revenge' even when Daphne had suggested it was 'Making a Mistake'. Barry went on to win 4–2.
Match Five: Pat Gibson v. Jan Crompton: Pat Gibson looked in fine form as he dispatched Jan Crompton. Pat won all 5 headto—head rounds and although Jan put up a strong fight in the final round and took the game to sudden death Pat prevailed 6–5.
Match Six: Rob Hannah v. Mark Kerr: Mark Kerr defeated Rob Hannah in a close final round. Rob again lost the majority of the head-to-heads 4–1. However, like his previous encounter, he appeared to be heading for victory when Mark answered his third question wrong in the final, but Mark fought back to win 7–6 and claim a place in the quarter finals.
Match Seven: Shaun Wallace v. Olav Bjortomt: Olav Bjortomt was beaten by Shaun Wallace in a surprise defeat. Olav won 4 head-to-heads to Shaun's 1. However, he slipped up in the final round when not taking Chris's advice on the question 'On which river are the sailing vessels Nuggers used?' Olav incorrectly chose the Indus, whereas the answer was the Nile. This allowed Shaun to complete a 5–4 victory when he answered his fifth question correctly.
Match Eight: Mark Leete v. Terry Toomey: Terry Toomey beat Mark Leete in the final last 16 encounter. Terry took the head-to-head rounds 3–2 before one slip up from Mark in the final round proved enough for a 5–4 victory.
Quarter finals.
Match One: David Rainford v. James Webb: David Rainford ended James Webb's run in the competition after coming from behind in the final round. James had led 2–1 in the final round before David fought back to claim a 4–3 victory. Earlier David had won 3 head-to-heads to James' 2.
Match Two: Alan Morgan v. Barry Simmons: Barry Simmons despatched Alan Morgan to make the semi-finals. Barry won all five head-to-head rounds and looked as though he would complete a comfortable win when Alan made an early slip up in the final. However, Barry made a mistake on a question too thus taking the contest into sudden death. Alan's lack of Eggheads though came back to haunt him and Barry scraped home 5–4.
Match Three: Pat Gibson v. Mark Kerr: Mark Kerr beat Pat Gibson in a close contest to move into the semi-finals. Mark won 3 head-to-heads to Pat's 2 before the final round went all the way to sudden death. 1 incorrect answer from Pat proved crucial and Mark won 6–5.
Match Four: Shaun Wallace v. Terry Toomey: Shaun Wallace set up a semi final with Mark Kerr after coming through a match with Terry Toomey. Shaun took the head-to-head rounds 4–1 before completing the job 5–3 in the final round.
Semi-finals.
Match One: David Rainford v. Barry Simmons: Barry came from behind after the head-to-head rounds to book his place in the final. Dave had won 3 to Barry's 2 but one slip up in the final round from David and with Barry going first saw him win 5–3.
Match Two: Mark Kerr v. Shaun Wallace: Shaun eventually prevailed over Mark in the longest game of the competition before the final. Trailing 3–2 to Mark from the head-to-heads, the match went all the way to sudden death before Shaun finally won 8–7 to move into the final.
Final.
The final of Are you an Egghead?: Barry Simmons v. Shaun Wallace: In the final, Barry Simmons came back against all the odds to claim his place as the sixth Egghead. However, during the head-to-head rounds it looked anything but, as Shaun took the first 3 on Music, Geography and Arts and Books to assure he would have the advantage in the final round. It was the fourth head-to-head before Shaun even got an answer wrong, Barry finally winning at Science. Shaun eventually took a 4–1 lead into the final round as he completed the head-to-heads with a win on Sport. With 10 points needed to win the contest, an extraordinary turnaround saw Barry fight back from his deficit to win the match. Shaun went from having answered only one question wrongly in the head-to-heads to getting his first eight in the final wrong. Barry, on the other hand, stormed ahead to lead 8–4 before Shaun finally answered a question correctly, coming back to 9–6. Barry though was not to be denied and completed a 10–6 victory and thus a place on the "Most Feared Quiz Team in the Country!"
Structure.
Tournament overview with score in the final, followed by head-to-head victories in brackets.
Series 2.
Last 32.
Match One: Gary Grant v. Julia Hobbs: Julia, who has set questions on quiz shows, such as "Going for Gold" seemed to be breezing through to the last 16 against Gary Grant, a finalist on "The Weakest Link" and a future "Mastermind" series champion, taking 4 Eggheads into the final round, but after Chris let her down on the final multiple choice question, Gary won in sudden death.
Match Two: Pam Thomas v. Chris Young: Pam, winner of the first series of "A Question of Genius" took on Chris, whose exploits included being involved in a "University Challenge" team with the highest winning margin in their series. Chris seemed to be making it a one-sided affair, despite Pam's amazing Lazarus-esque comeback in the Sport round, but despite both players messing up on their first General Knowledge question, Daphne's advice gave Chris the win.
Match Three: Nic Paul v. Charles Mosley: Nic, a £32,000 winner on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" was brushed to one side by Charles, a veteran of "University Challenge". Although, despite having 4 Eggheads, Charles gave 2 wrong answers, but Nic's risky strategy of saving Kevin for a more difficult question failed to pay off as when Kevin was called, the answer given was incorrect.
Match Four: Beth McClure v. Shanker Menon: Shanker, beaten by Barry in Series 1 of "Are You an Egghead?" took on Beth, who was in a team on the very first series of "Eggheads". After the head-to-heads, Beth had 3 Eggheads to Shanker's 2, but her inability to use them for their appropriate questions led her to getting 4 questions wrong, giving Shanker the win.
Match Five: Rob Huxley v. Paul Sinha: In one of the most amazing comebacks in the show's history, Rob, whose only previous experience in TV game shows was an appearance on Busman's Holiday in the 1990s, beat the more experienced Paul, despite the fact that Paul had all 5 Eggheads available to him. Paul's downfall came in 2 questions which none of the 4 Eggheads he asked advice for knew the answer, giving Rob an unlikely 2–1 win.
Match Six: Cathy Gillespie v. Pat Gibson: Pat, back after his quarter-final appearance in the last series took on Cathy, whose "Mastermind" experience made it a tough match. However, wasting both her Eggheads on her first question gave the tie to Pat, who didn't require the help of any of his Eggheads.
Match Seven: Jim Eccleston v. Liz Heron: A close match up between 2 heavyweights of the quiz world. Faults by the Eggheads on some of the General Knowledge round led to Liz winning on a question in which her and CJ's guesses were thrown out of the window.
Match Eight: Barbara Thompson v. Mark Kerr: Mark, semi-finalist from Series 1 took on former Brain of Britain Barbara in a game which was closely fought until Mark took full control in General Knowledge, getting all 4 of his questions correctly after Barbara stumbled on a couple of questions.
Match Nine: Jenny Ryan v. Ken Owen: A battle of 2 quiz goliaths saw Jenny beating Ken thanks mainly of Ken's use of the Eggheads on the wrong questions.
Match Ten: Melanie Beaumont v. Anne Hegerty: In another close battle, Anne's strategy of going second in every round, combined with Chris (Melanie's only Egghead) unable to help Melanie, Anne managed to win with ease in the end.
Match Eleven: David Clark v. Peter Ediss: A to-and-fro match between David, a former Mastermind champion, and Peter, who won £32,000 on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", went smoothly, but better guessing from David proved to be crucial.
Match Twelve: Olav Bjortomt v. Gill Woon: Olav (who lost to runner-up Shaun Wallace in Series 1)'s strategy of going second in every round proved to be his winning formula and got him a 4–2 win and even using 3 Eggheads on his final question.
Match Thirteen: Jan Crompton v. Alan Crompton: A sibling rivalry brewed as brother and sister Alan and Jan took part in this one. After each getting all their first 4 questions correctly, Alan went against Kevin and despite Chris only being 15% sure of his answer, Jan gave his answer which won her the tie.
Match Fourteen: David Rainford v. Isabel Morgan: David, back after losing to Barry in Series 1's semi-finals totally dominated Isabel, but then a close head-to-head, in which both players got 1 multiple-choice question wrong, was eventually decided after Isabel got her first sudden death question wrong.
Match Fifteen: Amy Godel v. Rupy Jedon: A close fought match took place between these 2 contestants, but hesitation and his use of Eggheads on questions which they struggled on cost Rupy the match.
Match Sixteen: David Edwards v. Alan Gibbs: David, back on for a second time, found the going hard during the head-to-heads, despite obtaining an Egghead advantage, but despite CJ's fumble on a question, he got through to the last 16.
Last 16.
Match One: Gary Grant v. Chris Young: As in his first match, Gary yet again showed his amazing recovery skills in his match against Chris. Totally outclassed in the head-to-heads, in which he also gave 9 incorrect answers in a row. However, a fatal mistake on Chris' first question gave Gary all the room he needed to win through to the quarter-finals.
Match Two: Charles Mosley v. Shanker Menon: Despite Shanker's overwhelming advantage going into General Knowledge, Charles more than held his own, only losing out in the second sudden death question.
Match Three: Rob Huxley v. Pat Gibson: In a one-sided match, Pat, despite losing the first head-to-head, was in imperious form. He totally outclassed Rob, whose main mistake was probably picking CJ, when he had the full choice of Eggheads, as he didn't use him in any of his 3 General Knowledge questions.
Match Four: Liz Heron v. Mark Kerr: Mark was on good form in this second round match. With Liz wasting Chris, her only Egghead, Mark wisely used 3 of his Eggheads to help him win through to the quarter-finals.
Match Five: Jenny Ryan v. Anne Hegerty: Anne carried on using her tactic of going second in every round and her only question she got wrong in the head-to-heads cost her having all 5 Eggheads. Nevertheless, she managed to beat Jenny after only answering 3 questions in General Knowledge.
Match Six: David Clark v. Olav Bjortomt: In a titanic battle between David & Olav, pressure mounted on Olav in the final round, when he went against his instinct on the first question and against Judith's original judgement, which gave David his hard earned win.
Match Seven: Jan Crompton v. David Rainford: In the head-to-heads, David managed to get the upper hand on Jan, although Jan got Kevin after winning the first one. With the help of their Eggheads, the General Knowledge round finished 5–5 after the multiple choice questions, but Jan stumbled in sudden death giving David the win.
Match Eight: Amy Godel v. David Edwards: In another close game, Amy and David provided tough opposition for each other until Chris let Amy down in General Knowledge leaving David, with the help of Kevin to get through to the next round.
Quarter-finals.
Match One: Gary Grant v. Shanker Menon: Gary once again proved that having more Eggheads doesn't guarantee a win. After losing the first 3 head-to-heads, Gary got back in to take the final 2, before managing to beat Shanker in sudden death.
Match Two: Pat Gibson v. Mark Kerr: Pat Gibson, a former World Quiz Champion, takes on Mark Kerr; Pat's phone-a-friend when he won Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?. As in Series 1, these met in the quarter-final, in what was the closest result ever in "Are You an Egghead?" history. Despite having only 1 Egghead, Mark managed to get all 5 answers correct in General Knowledge and after 2 more were correctly answered each, Mark fell at the 8th question, giving Pat the game.
Match Three: Anne Hegerty v. David Clark: Another tight match in which only one fatal slip-up in General Knowledge by David, gave Anne the win.
Match Four: David Rainford v. David Edwards: In the battle of the David's, David R.'s mistake on a ship question gave David E. the chance to win, which he took.
Semi-finals.
Match One: Gary Grant v. Pat Gibson: Pat managed to brush aside Gary in the first semi-final with relative ease, getting all 5 of his General Knowledge questions without using all his Eggheads.
Match Two: Anne Hegerty v. David Edwards: Despite having 4 Eggheads, Anne sensationally collapsed in General Knowledge, wasting 2 Eggheads and giving a wrong answer on the first question, before getting another one wrong, making it easy for David.
Final.
The final of Are you an Egghead?:
Pat Gibson v. David Edwards: The final seemed to be going Pat's way early on, after winning all 5 head-to-heads, giving him a 5–0 lead in the final round. It looked even more certain after David got one wrong to go 8–1 up. But, then after failing to get a question wrong all game, Pat was suddenly stuck on 8, while David made a miraculous recovery to get the score to 8–7, but then Pat found another gear going to 9–7, then after David got another question wrong, he wrapped up proceedings to win 10–7 to become the 7th member of the "Most Feared Quiz Team in the Country!"
Structure.
Tournament overview with score in the final, followed by head-to-head victories in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="19890187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890187" title="Pea River">
Pea River

The Pea River is a tributary of the Choctawhatchee River near Geneva, Alabama. It is a popular destination for those with canoes and other small boats, as well as fishermen seeking bass, sunfish, or mullet.
Course.
The Pea River begins near Midway, in Bullock County, Alabama, then flows southerly through Elba, where there is a dam, and then south through Ino, Samson, and on to Geneva, where it joins the Choctawhatchee. The river flooded Elba in 1929 and in the 1990s, and joined the Choctawhatchee in flooding Geneva on those same occasions. Although the Pea River begins and ends in Alabama, it makes a short dip into Florida right before it joins the Choctawhatchee at Geneva, Alabama, which some fishermen have discovered to their chagrin when caught fishing without a Florida license. Alabama allows residents to fish in their county of residence without a license, so long as they only use a pole (no reels), and have proof of county residence on them, such as a driver's license.
The Pea River is navigable by boat to Elba, and beyond, although at low water the most common powerboats are 14 to 16 feet, and powered by outboards.
Etymology.
The Pea River gets its name from its pea green color. Indeed, the Muscogee name for the Pea River is "Talakhatchee", which means "Pea Green Stream". The Pea and the Black Warrior River (in northern Alabama) are said to be the only two rivers in the state without Native American names. (Tuscaloosa means "Black Warrior", so perhaps a Native American name is available, but just not used.)
Aquatic life.
Bass, bream, shellcrackers, mullet, and catfish are caught in the river. Mullet make the trip up from the Gulf of Mexico to feed on the moss that grows on the "rock" walls of the river (actually more of a clay-like substance, probably blue-marl clay, referred to sometimes as soapstone, because it is so slippery when wet) periodically, and a large number are caught from time to time. Bass are more of a challenge.
Historically, the river has been home to sturgeon, who were fished commercially in the early 1900s. Since they have been protected, the sturgeon are making a comeback, and sturgeon as long as six feet long have been seen jumping near the junction in Geneva. Dr. Dwayne Fox did research for his Ph.D. in the Choctawhatchee and Pea Rivers by radio-tagging sturgeon in the Gulf of Mexico and tracking them up the Choctawhatchee and Pea Rivers upstream of Geneva. He even was able to collect samples of eggs to prove they were breeding in the Pea and Choctawhatchee rivers.
Suckers are another fish that travel upstream as the weather changes. About the time that the sap beings to flow in the early spring, suckers will seek small tributaries in which to spawn. Fisherman set out gill nets to catch these tasty fish, which are rather difficult to catch with hook and line. Shad are common in the river, but, since they eat moss, are seldom caught.
The last Saturday in April is set aside by the city of Geneva to celebrate its river heritage and the rich history of the Choctawhatchee and Pea rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19890200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890200" title="David Mena">
David Mena

David Mena (, born 8 April 1953) is an Israeli lawyer and former member of the Knesset.
Biography.
Mena was born in Or Yehuda, Israel in 1953. He served in the Israel Defense Forces and later studied law at Tel Aviv University and was certified as a lawyer. He is also a graduate of criminology and international relations studies at Bar-Ilan University and of scoial services' management at Brandeis University.
Between the years 1978 and 1987, Mena was a member of Ramat Gan local council. He was also a member of the Israel Broadcasting Authority's plenum from 1984 until 1988. In 1992 he was elected to the thirteenth Knesset on behalf of the Likud party, serving on the House Committee, Labor and Welfare Committee and the Committee on Drug Abuse. Mena was also the chaiperson of the parliamentary inquiry committee regarding the Bedouin sector in Israel. He lost his seat in the 1996 elections, and returned to his law practice. 
For the 2003 elections he was placed 43rd on the Likud list. Although the party won 38 seats, he re-entered the Knesset on 5 January 2006 as a replacement for Omri Sharon. He lost his seat again in the 2006 elections.
Mena resides in Ramat Gan.

</doc>
<doc id="19890201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890201" title="Almirante Cervera-class cruiser">
Almirante Cervera-class cruiser

The "Cervera" class (or "Alfonso" class) were three light cruisers built for the Spanish Navy in the 1920s. The ships were built by Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval in Ferrol which had strong British links and were designed by Sir Philip Watts. The design was based on the British Emerald-class cruiser, but had all boilers grouped together reducing the number of funnels to two. The main armament comprised Vickers pattern 6 inch guns with single mountings in A and Y positions and twin turrets in B,Q and X positions. The programme was initially authorised in 1915 but was delayed by World War I with construction of the first ship starting in 1917.
"Galicia" and "Cervantes" had substantial refits in the 1940s. The 6 inch turret in Q position was replaced by a catapult for a seaplane and the single 6 inch mountings were replaced by twins to retain an 8 gun broadside. Extra AA guns were fitted in all three ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19890208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890208" title="Candice Yu">
Candice Yu

Candice Yu (Yu On On) born Yu De Ying on 22 October 1959) is a Hong Kong film actress and occasional singer, best known for her films with Shaw Studio of the 1970s and 1980s. She was the first wife of acclaimed Hong Kong actor, Chow Yun-fat.
Film career.
Yu made her debut in film at the age of 16 in "Let's Rock" and was instantly signed by the Shaw Brothers Studio in 1976 after starring in the film "Massage Girls" with Chow Yun-fat, her future husband and in "Forever and Ever" alongside Alan Tang. Between 1977 and 1979, she starred in six of Chu Yuan's sword films, including "Death Duel, The Sentimental Swordsman", "Legend of the Bat", "Murder Plot", and two Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre films.
In the late 1970s, Yu also began appearing on television, notably the Rediffusion TV series "Reincarnated", and her appearances as Princess Xiang Xiang in the martial arts series "Book and Sword". In 1984 she portrayed a lesbian in the film "Lust For Love of a Chinese Courtesan".
In 1992, Yu had a cameo role in "Swordsman 2, directed by Tsui Hark. 
In 2005, Yu came out of retirement to appear in Derek Yee's film "2 Young". She has since rekindled her career, appearing in two films in 2006 "Rob-B-Hood" and "My Name Is Fame" and four films in 2007, including "Whispers And Moans", "House of Mahjong", "Exodus", and "Beauty And The 7 Beasts".
Yu received her first Hong Kong Film Awards nomination in 2007 for Best Supporting Actress in the film My Name is Fame. In 2011, Yu received a 30th Hong Kong Film Awards Best Supporting Actress nomination for her role in "Once a Gangster". In 2012, Yu received a Hong Kong Drama Awards Best Supporting Actress nomination for her performance in The Hong Kong Repertory Theatre's Boundless Movement.
Personal life.
During her late teens and early twenties, she dated Derek Yee for eight years. Yu then married Chow Yun Fat in 1983, but the marriage only lasted several months. She remarried in 1987 to Hong Kong businessman Henry Lee Junior and now has two children. The couple divorced in 2003 after 16 years of marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19890212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890212" title="Western Development Region, Nepal">
Western Development Region, Nepal

The Western Development Region (Nepali: पश्चिमाञ्चल विकास क्षेत्र, "Pashchimānchal Bikās Kshetra") is one of Nepal's five development regions. It is located in the west-central part of the country with headquarters in Pokhara.
It comprises three zones:

</doc>
<doc id="19890229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890229" title="Running Mates (film)">
Running Mates (film)

Running Mates is a 2000 American political comedy/drama television film directed by Ron Lagomarsino and starring Tom Selleck. The film follows the presidential election campaign of James Pryce, a Democratic Party presidential candidate, who has a hard time deciding on whom to pick as his vice-presidential running mate. Laura Linney, Nancy Travis, Faye Dunaway and Teri Hatcher also star as Pryce's current or former love interests who have had a major influence on his success so far but who also have a great deal of control over his decisions.
Created for Turner Entertainment, "Running Mates" was initially aired on Turner Network Television on the night of August 13, 2000 and has since been broadcast in countries such as Australia, Hungary, Iceland and Sweden. Faye Dunaway's performance in the film earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television which she lost to Vanessa Redgrave for her work in "If These Walls Could Talk 2".
Plot.
Michigan Governor James Reynolds Pryce (Tom Selleck) is a popular liberal politician who, while running for the office of the President of the United States, finds out to what a great degree his life and career are influenced by the women in his life. As a front-runner for the Democratic Party presidential candidate, Pryce owes the success of his campaign to his manager Lauren Hartman (Laura Linney) and his wife Jennifer (Nancy Travis). Pryce has not yet chosen a vice-presidential running mate and has a hard time making the decision. Senator Parker Gable (Robert Culp) was something of a mentor to Pryce in his early political career but Gable is a womanizer which makes Pryce uncomfortable with making him the vice-presidential candidate. Nevertheless, Gable's Washington socialite wife Meg (Faye Dunaway) considers Gable to be the best choice and tries to exert pressure over Pryce to make this happen. Pryce's other choices are Senator Mitchell Morris (Bruce McGill), a lobbyist whom Pryce dislikes due to his close ties to Big Business, and Senator Terrence Randall (Bob Gunton) who is disliked by Pryce's shallow Hollywood campaign fundraising manager Shawna Morgan (Teri Hatcher). Being previously sexually involved with Lauren, Meg and Shawna before marrying Jennifer is a fact that makes listening to their advice all that much harder for Pryce. All four women are seemingly more intent on exerting control over Pryce and winning their own personal battles against each other rather than honestly trying to help him make the correct political decision.
Production.
"Running Mates" was intended to give the viewers a somewhat realistic although humorous and exaggerated insight into politics and decision making of presidential campaigns. For that reason, Gerald Rafshoon was brought on board. Rafshoon was the media manager during Jimmy Carter's presidential campaign as well as his tenure in the White House. A private screening of the film was held for Carter after which he agreed that the film was, indeed, "realistic". In an interview with Lou Dobbs on CNN Today, Rafshoon admits that there were "intentional" similarities between the film's characters and living persons on whom the characters were partially based, even admitting that "they're all public figures so they can sue us". Tom Selleck was picked for the role of Governor Pryce because he is politically independent, having donated money to both the Republican and the Democratic parties, as well as that Rafshoon believed that "'s got the look and the heft" for the role, making it easy for viewers to "buy him as presidential candidate".

</doc>
<doc id="19890246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890246" title="Mid-Western Development Region, Nepal">
Mid-Western Development Region, Nepal

The Mid-Western Development Region (Nepali: मध्य-पश्चिमाञ्चल विकास क्षेत्र, "Madhya-Pashchimānchal Bikās Kshetra") is one of Nepal's five development regions. Westward from the Central region surrounding Kathmandu are the Western, Mid-Western and finally Far-Western regions. Counter-intuitively, "Mid-Western" lies west of "Western".
It comprises three zones:

</doc>
<doc id="19890267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890267" title="Central Development Region, Nepal">
Central Development Region, Nepal

The Central Development Region (Nepali: मध्यमाञ्चल विकास क्षेत्र, "Madhyamānchal Bikās Kshetra") is one of Nepal's five development regions. It is located in the east-central part of the country with headquarters at Kathmandu, the country's capital.
It comprises three zones:

</doc>
<doc id="19890275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890275" title="Jana Jacková">
Jana Jacková

Jana Jacková (born 6 August 1982) is a Czech chess player. She played for the Czech team in following Chess Olympiads: Elista 1998, Istanbul 2000, Bled 2002, Calvià 2004, Turin 2006 and Dresden 2008.
In 2007 she played a friendly match against Dutch Grandmaster Jan Timman in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19890280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890280" title="Duddenhausen">
Duddenhausen

Duddenhausen is a village in the municipality of Bücken, district of Nienburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Duddenhausen has an area of 705 hectares (7,72 square miles).
History.
Duddenhausen was first mentioned 987 in a document of the Archdiocese of Bremen. Tenors were possessions of the chapter of Bücken, which was found 882. The four oldest farms in Duddenhausen were always property of this cloister, so the village may be already existed 882 minimum. There are two other references for a greater age: 1) In Duddenhausen are rests of hill-graves from the bronze-age. 2) The Saxon place-name "Duddenhausen" means "Dudo's house" (Dudden= Dudo, a Saxon first name. hausen=house or houses). In Lower Saxony are these place-names-formations; a reference for villages existing before 1000.
In the 13th century a knight-family was domiciled in Duddenhausen.
Duddenhausen was situated in the County of Hoya. When the last count of Hoya died 1582, the new dominion duchy Brunswick-Lüneburg ordered a "Ratslagerbuch", a book with declarations of the farms, the farmers names, taxes and the size of arable land. At his time there were 14 farms in Duddenhausen. 
In the Thirty Years' War some farms were destroyed.
Since 1706 there existed a school in Duddenhausen (closed 1969).
In 1793 there were 32 farms in Duddenhausen mentioned.
In 1840 in the Kingdom of Hanover the serfdom was abolished. 
In 1940 there were 50 farms in Duddenhausen.
Until 1974, Duddenhausen was an independent municipality. Since 1974 Duddenhausen has been a district of the market-town Bücken. 
Official population numbers for Duddenhausen:
Economy.
For centuries the people were farmers. Today there are six families which are still farmers and cultivate wheat, rye, barley, avena, triticale, maize, rapeseed, sugar beet, potatoes, asparagus and bilberries. This district is very famous for asparagus. The main animals here are milk cattle and horses. 100/150 years ago the farmers had also bees, sheep and were making peat in the moor. Now the people work in Hanover, Bremen, Nienburg, Verden, Hoya, Syke. But the old farm buildings are still left. Some of them are traditionally timber framed buildings. The pupils attend schools in Bücken, Hoya and Nienburg. There are no shops and inns in Duddenhausen, but some businesses exist: an ecologic wine trade, a veterinarian, an Iceland-pony stud farm, bricklayer, wheelwright and an architecture bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="19890299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890299" title="Eastern Development Region, Nepal">
Eastern Development Region, Nepal

The Eastern Development Region (Nepali: पुर्वाञ्चल विकास क्षेत्र, "Purwānchal Bikās Kshetra") is one of Nepal's five development regions. It is located at the eastern end of the country with headquarters at Dhankuta.
It comprises three zones:
Cities.
The major cities of this region are Biratnagar, Dharan, Dhankuta, Itahari, Rajbiraj, Birtamod and Damak. Other notable places are Namche Bazaar, the town near the base camp of Mt. Everest, Gaighat, Lahan, Ilam etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19890300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890300" title="William Barrow (Jesuit)">
William Barrow (Jesuit)

Blessed William Barrow (alias Waring, alias Harcourt) (1609 – 30 June 1679) was an English Jesuit, executed as a result of the Popish Plot, a fabricated story. He is a Catholic martyr, beatified in 1929. By a papal decree of 4 December 1886, this martyr's cause was introduced, but under the name of "William Harcourt". This is the official name of beatification.
Life.
He was born in Lancashire. He made his studies at the Jesuit College, St. Omer's, and entered the Society of Jesus at Watten in 1632. He was sent to the English mission in 1644 and worked on the London district for thirty-five years, becoming, in the beginning of 1678, its superior.
In May of that year he was arrested and committed to Newgate on the charge of complicity in the plot alleged by Titus Oates. The trial, in which he had as fellow-prisons his colleagues, Father Thomas Whitebread, John Fenwick, John Gavan, and Anthony Turner, commenced 13 June 1670.
Lord Chief Justice Scroggs presided, and Oates, William Bedloe, and Stephen Dugdale were the principal witnesses for the Crown. The prisoners were charged with having conspired to kill the king Charles II and subvert the Protestant religion. They defended themselves by the testimony of their own witnesses and their cross-examinations of their accusers.
Scroggs laid down principles that
Father Barrow and the others were found guilty, and condemned to undergo the punishment for high treason. They were executed together at Tyburn, 20 June 1679.

</doc>
<doc id="19890310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890310" title="Rita Ranch">
Rita Ranch

Rita Ranch is a masterplanned community located in southeastern Tucson, Arizona. It is home to the Vail School District, one of the top public school districts in Arizona. It borders the small towns of Vail and Corona de Tucson. Many military families from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base live in the area. The population was estimated at 18,925 in 2007.
History.
Rita Ranch is part of Esmond Station Area Development Plan created in 1986 by the City of Tucson. It was so named that in reference to the historical Esmond Train Station, which was located near the current neighborhoods of Rita Ranch. Between 1890 and 1910, the nation's growing railway system had finally reached the city of Tucson in the Arizona territory. The Southern Pacific Railroad was the first route. In the early 1900s, a rail line was established to connect Tucson to El Paso, Texas. This set of lines ran through present day Rita Ranch, and many of the undeveloped areas still have deteriorating railroad tracks that can be found today. East of the present day intersection of Houghton Road and Old Vail Road, about half a mile down the old Esmond Station Road, lie the remains of Esmond (once called Papago) and its dilapidated train depot, Esmond Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19890335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890335" title="1974 BMW Open – Singles">
1974 BMW Open – Singles

Jürgen Fassbender won the title, defeating François Jauffret 6–2, 5–7, 6–1, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19890363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890363" title="Pavel Polakovič">
Pavel Polakovič

Pavel Polakovič (born January 11, 1974 in Smolenice, Trnava) is a retired amateur boxer, who was born in Slovakia but represented the Czech Republic during his career. He gained the bronze medal in the men's light middleweight division at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle, Denmark, alongside Hungary's György Mizsei.

</doc>
<doc id="19890366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890366" title="Supervan">
Supervan

Supervan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19890388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890388" title="Mazda Biante">
Mazda Biante

The Mazda Biante (a car name is coined word from the Italian word for environment, ambiente, "Ambient") is an 8-seater large MPV introduced for Japanese market, in 2008 by Mazda.
It is available with 2.0 litre or 2.3 litre petrol engines in two trim levels - CS or S. It is available with front wheel drive mated to a five-speed automatic gearbox, or with four wheel drive mated to a four-speed automatic gearbox. The cheapest model (20CS) is available for ¥2,199,000; the most expensive model (20S 4WD) is available for ¥2,669,000. It fits between the Premacy and MPV in Mazda's range. The Biante is aimed at young couples with small children. Mazda designed the Biante with style in mind unlike most other MPVs. Biante also sold for Indonesian market, Indonesia is the first country outside Japan that sold the Biante Minivans.

</doc>
<doc id="19890394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890394" title="William Barrow">
William Barrow

William Barrow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19890397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890397" title="FC Chindia Târgoviște">
FC Chindia Târgoviște

FC Chindia Târgovişte is a Romanian football club based in Târgovişte, founded in 2010 and currently playing in the Liga III.
Not to be confused with FCM Târgovişte.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="19890402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890402" title="Račji Dvor Manor">
Račji Dvor Manor

Račji Dvor Manor (, "Ducks' Court Manor") is a 17th-century manor located on a plain at the western edge of the city of Maribor, Slovenia, at the address of "Raški dol 1". It has been protected as a cultural monument of national significance.
Architecture.
The manorhouse complex consists of four two-story non-connected buildings enclosing a central courtyard. The pediment of the facade of the main building bears the arms of the Admonts and the date "1778." The facades of the lesser buildings are more modest. The inner courtyard was once faced with arched arcades, since walled over.
History.
The manor is first mentioned in 1284. It was rebuilt in 1414-16, and extensively altered during the 17th and 18th centuries. The east building is the oldest, dating from the 17th century. The 1733-34 rebuilding saw the southern (now main) wing enlarged. Between 1776-78 the western (housekeeping) wing was added, the facades altered to their current form and the inner arcades filled in. The Northern wing was added in 1864.
Open-air museum.
An open-air museum lies on a plain directly adjacent to the manor and below a series of hills covered with abandoned vineyards. The museum's central building is surrounded by examples of typical architecture from the neighboring areas of Drava Plain, Haloze, Slovene Hills, Pohorje and Kozjak. The complex is surrounded by heirloom orchards, gardens, pastures and fields.

</doc>
<doc id="19890413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890413" title="Vitaliy Rozgon">
Vitaliy Rozgon

Vitaliy Viktorovych Rozgon (, born 23 March 1980 in Khmelnytskyi) is a Ukrainian footballer. As of July 2012, he plays for FC Tytan Armyansk.

</doc>
<doc id="19890448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890448" title="Eduard Grosu">
Eduard Grosu

Eduard Grosu (born 5 January 1980) is a Moldovan footballer who currently plays for FC Dacia Chișinău.

</doc>
<doc id="19890470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890470" title="Shota Maminashvili">
Shota Maminashvili

Shota Maminashvili (born 30 August 1986) is a Georgian footballer. As of May 2009, he is a free agent.
His father Yuri Maminashvili played for FC Dinamo Tbilisi and FC Torpedo Kutaisi.

</doc>
<doc id="19890479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890479" title="Probabilistic logic network">
Probabilistic logic network

A probabilistic logic network (PLN) is a novel conceptual, mathematical and computational approach to uncertain inference; inspired by logic programming, but using probabilities in place of crisp (true/false) truth values, and fractional uncertainty in place of crisp known/unknown values. In order to carry out effective reasoning in real-world circumstances, artificial intelligence software must robustly handle uncertainty. However, previous approaches to uncertain inference do not have the breadth of scope required to provide an integrated treatment of the disparate forms of cognitively critical uncertainty as they manifest themselves within the various forms of pragmatic inference. Going beyond prior probabilistic approaches to uncertain inference, PLN is able to encompass within uncertain logic such ideas as induction, abduction, analogy, fuzziness and speculation, and reasoning about time and causality.
PLN was developed by Ben Goertzel, Matt Ikle, Izabela Lyon Freire Goertzel and Ari Heljakka for use as a cognitive algorithm used by MindAgents within the OpenCog Core. PLN was developed originally for use within the Novamente Cognition Engine.
Goal.
The basic goal of PLN is to provide reasonably accurate probabilistic inference in a way that is compatible with both term logic and predicate logic, and scales up to operate in real time on large dynamic knowledge bases.
The goal underlying the theoretical development of PLN has been the creation of practical software systems carrying out complex, useful inferences based on uncertain knowledge and drawing uncertain conclusions. PLN has been designed to allow basic probabilistic inference to interact with other kinds of inference such as intensional inference, fuzzy inference, and higher-order inference using quantifiers, variables, and combinators, and be a more convenient approach than Bayesian networks (or other conventional approaches) for the purpose of interfacing basic probabilistic inference with these other sorts of inference. In addition, the inference rules are formulated in such a way as to avoid the paradoxes of Dempster-Shafer theory.
Implementation.
PLN begins with a term logic foundation, and then adds on elements of probabilistic and combinatory logic, as well as some aspects of predicate logic and autoepistemic logic, to form a complete inference system, tailored for easy integration with software components embodying other (not explicitly logical) aspects of intelligence.
PLN represents truth values as intervals, but with different semantics than in Imprecise Probability Theory. In addition to the interpretation of truth in a probabilistic fashion, a truth value in PLN also has an associated amount of "certainty". This generalizes the notion of truth values used in autoepistemic logic, where truth values are either known or unknown, and when known, are either true or false.
The current version of PLN has been used in narrow-AI applications such as the inference of biological hypotheses from knowledge extracted from biological texts via language processing, and to assist the reinforcement learning of an embodied agent, in a simple virtual world, as it is taught to play "fetch".

</doc>
<doc id="19890492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890492" title="1927–28 Montreal Canadiens season">
1927–28 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1927–28 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 19th season, and 11th in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team improved from its second-place finish to place firs in the Canadian Division and qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in a playoff rematch against the rival Maroons in a two-game total-goals series 3–2.
Regular season.
Howie Morenz, the NHL's top drawing card, dominated the scoring race and was runaway winner of the Hart Trophy. He scored 33 goals and led the league in assists as well. The Canadiens, who were running away with the Canadian Division at mid-season, slumped after an injury to Pit Lepine but managed to hold onto first place at season's end.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens received a first-round bye and met the Maroons in the semi-finals. In a two-game, total goals series, the series was tied going into sudden-death overtime before Russell Oatman scored the winner at 8:20 to win the series 3–2 ( 2–2, 1–0) for the Maroons.
Roster.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19890495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890495" title="Donghuamen Night Market">
Donghuamen Night Market

Donghuamen Night Market is a night market located in the northern end of Wangfujing in Beijing, China. Dong Hua Men is written 东华门, the name of the East Gate of the Forbidden City.
Description.
One can find a row of unusual food stalls. An array of Chinese food delicacies are on display with people bustling around to experience some new tastes. Items such as sheep's particular parts, offal soup, deep fried crickets, centipedes, silk worms, scorpions and lizards are available to eat on a stick. There are also the more widely recognised Western foods such as spring rolls, dumplings, crab cakes and candy fruit. All stalls display their food selections in both Chinese (Mandarin) and English. The food is displayed raw and can be deep fried in a large Wok upon request.

</doc>
<doc id="19890506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890506" title="Zabd shuda nazmein">
Zabd shuda nazmein

Zabt shuda nazmein is the title of a collection of Urdu-language poems which were declared by the British Raj, the colonial government of India, to be unlawful to recite or distribute, because of their nationalistic fervour for a sovereign India.
They were published in 1975 by a committee called "Jashn-e-Zaidi", translated to English as "A Celebration for Zaidi", formed to honor Shri Ali Jawad Zaidi, a noted writer, statesman and freedom fighter. The book was released when presented to the then Prime Minister of India, Mrs. Indira Gandhi, by Mr. Zaidi himself.
The committee consisted of prominent leaders of the time, and included Shri Durga Prasad Dar, Minister Family Planning and later Ambassador of India in Moscow, Shri Rafiq Zakaria, Minister of Health, Shri Chandrajit Yadav, AICC General Secretary, Shri Shashi Bhushan, Member of Parliament, Shri R. K. Sinha, Member of Parliament, Shri Sajjad Zaheer, noted writer, Kwaja Ahmad Abbas, Shri Abid Ali Khan, Shri Ali Sardar Jaffri, Shri Jaan Nissar Akhtar and Shri R. K. Misra, Member of Parliament.
In 1985, the poems were published in Hindi by Sahitya Akademi under the same title "Zabt Shuda Nazmein".

</doc>
<doc id="19890510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890510" title="Maksym Morozov">
Maksym Morozov

Maksym Alentynovych Morozov () (born 28 September 1978) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing for FC MIKA.

</doc>
<doc id="19890540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890540" title="Chandan Prabhakar">
Chandan Prabhakar

Chandan Prabhakar was born in Amritsar (Punjab, India). He is a popular Indian stand-up comedian. He was the first runner up in The Great Indian Laughter Challenge 3. He plays the role of Kapil Sharma's servant on color's show Comedy Nights with Kapil. 
Some of his most popular characters are Harpal Singh (Hawaldar) and Jhanda Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="19890571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890571" title="The Betty Ford Story">
The Betty Ford Story

Awards and nominations.
Casting Society of America
Emmy Awards
Golden Globe Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19890574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890574" title="Mimi Dietrich">
Mimi Dietrich

Mimi Dietrich is an American quilter and quilting instructor who resides in Catonsville, Maryland.
She is the author of 15 quilting books, including "Happy Endings: Finishing the Edges of Your Quilt". She teaches quilting classes in the Maryland area as well as nationally. Mimi's books and workshops focus mainly on applique techniques and Baltimore Album Quilts. In total, her books have sold over a half million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="19890582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890582" title="Tomislav Živko">
Tomislav Živko

Tomislav Živko (born 29 January 1988) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for Zrinjski Mostar.

</doc>
<doc id="19890583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890583" title="Helitron">
Helitron

Helitron is a mixed choir operating in Tallinn and originally set up to cater to employees of Tondi Elektroonika. Of the employment-related choirs established during Soviet occupation of Estonia, Helitron was one of the most famous ones, and is one of the few ones who have outlived the USSR.
A number of people who participated in the Singing Revolution in musical rôles have at some point in their life been involved with Helitron, as either a singer in it, or as a conductor or arranger.
Repertory.
The choir has been singing baroque and religious music and is also known for its chamber music performances. Before dissolution of USSR, it also performed Soviet music.
On 1 May 1975, Helitron was the first choir to perform Mõistatused (Estonian for "Puzzles"), an orchestral piece based on Estonian folk songs by Ester Mägi. This performance was conducted by Harald Siiak.
Conductors.
In 1964, Harald Siiak became the chief conductor of Helitron.
In 1998–2004, the chief conductor of Helitron was Veronika Portsmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="19890591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890591" title="Shyam (actor)">
Shyam (actor)

Sunder Shyam Chadda (born February 1920 in Sialkot - died April 25, 1951) was a Hindi film actor of the 1940s. He originally hailed from Sialkot and his full name was Sunder Shyam Chadha, but he grew up in Rawalpindi.
Shyam graduated from Gordon College in Rawalpindi. He was a close personal friend of Sadat Hasan Manto and was the inspiration of many of his stories. Even after partition their bond of friendship endured. One of his famous movies was "Bazaar", released in 1949 where he starred with Nigar Sultana. He married a Muslim, Taji Mumtaz Qureshi with whom he had a daughter Saira Kazmi and a son named Shakir, a psychiatrist based in UK. She is a Pakistani television artist who is married to fellow artist & educationist Rahat Kazmi. Shyam died on the set of the film "Shabistan" in 1951 after he fell off a horse. The film was completed with a stand-in and body double in his place.

</doc>
<doc id="19890596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890596" title="Khaled Khalaf">
Khaled Khalaf

Khaled Ahmad Khalaf Matar (; born August 15, 1993 in Kuwait City) is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays in Attack for Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi and the Kuwait national football team.
He played for Al-Arabi in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19890635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890635" title="Nenad Šljivić">
Nenad Šljivić

Nenad Šljivić (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Шљивић ;born June 8, 1985 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FC Tobol in Kazakhstan Premier League.
Previously he played with FK Napredak Kruševac and Russian FC Rostov.

</doc>
<doc id="19890643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890643" title="Alex Lanipekun">
Alex Lanipekun

Alex Lanipekun (born 7 April 1981) is a British actor of Nigerian and Italian/English origin. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art but left early to join the cast of the BBC drama "Spooks" as journalist-cum-spy Ben Kaplan, the role for which he is best known.
Early life.
Lanipekun was born on 7 April 1981, at St Thomas' Hospital, London, during the Brixton Riots. His father is Nigerian and his mother is half-Italian and half-English. When he was four, his parents separated and he moved from Brixton to Finsbury Park. An only child, he was raised in North London by his single mother, a secondary school music teacher. He attended Crowland Junior School, St Aidan's Primary School and then Rokesly Junior School, before attaining a financial scholarship to Christ's Hospital School in Horsham, West Sussex. He then attended Westminster College. Lanipekun has A-Levels in English, Psychology, History, Drama and Religious Studies. He then obtained a Grant to study for a BSc in Anthropology at University College London. After University, he attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art as a Grant Student. He was assisted financially by many Arts Charities and Foundations, including The Actors' Charitable Trust. Lanipekun has a younger brother and sister who live with his father and stepmother in South London.
Career.
At age thirteen, Alex auditioned for the National Youth Music Theatre, and became a member, subsequently playing the part of Leroy The Boxer in the musical adaptation of the film "Bugsy Malone". At seventeen, he auditioned for the National Youth Theatre, and gained a place. It was then that he first seriously considered acting as a career.
Lanipekun was a member of the MOBO-nominated Hip-Hop Collective 'ONE'. Originally consisting of members from three different groups, his own, alongside producer Al Shux, and two others made up of friends from the local Secondary Schools, Highgate Wood and St David's and St Katherine's. The group was made up of 12 MC's and Producers, including rappers Pyrelli, Artcha, Sway and Mr Ti2bs. ONE released their only album, "Onederful World", in 2001. They set up their own label to coincide with its release and Lanipekun secured distribution through the label CARGO. ONE were nominated for a MOBO Award after reaching the final of the Unsung Competition for independent artists and although not the final winners, the group's profile had been raised within the music industry and they began to get airplay on major British radio stations.
At this time, Lanipekun was also working as a freelance journalist. Originally joining the Sony Street Team under Dj Semtex, he was given the opportunity to write for their promotional website and eventually for their magazine. He wrote reviews, and advertorials, as well as interviewing many of the Urban Division's roster of Artists. Lanipekun began freelancing more widely and was hired as the Entertainment Editor for Alexander Amosu's online magazine 'ICON' where he worked for eighteen months.
Lanipekun was cast in his first professional acting role after school friend and actor Leo Gregory, suggested him to a casting director. Years later, Alex attended Drama School, but would end up leaving early after being cast in "Spooks". The part was his first audition, and after four rounds of meetings, the executives at Kudos decided to award him the part.
In 2007 he won the prestigious Carleton Hobbs Award, joining the BBC Radio Drama Rep during their winter season. To date, he has appeared in over fifty radio drama productions. In 2008 after completing his second season on "Spooks", he played the part of Ashley in "Apples and Oranges" for Channel 4 alongside Nathan Stewart-Jarret. He would return to the series in 2012 as Ashley in New Cross, alongside Russell Tovey. In 2008, Lanipekun also played Eric the Red in Wig Out! at the Royal Court Theatre, by Tarrell McCraney, directed by Dominic Cooke.
In 2009, Lanipekun played Danilo in "Dimetos", by Athol Fugard, at the Donmar Warehouse with Jonathan Pryce, directed by Douglas Hodge. The play was previously last performed in 1976 with Paul Scofield in the title role and Ben Kingsley playing Danilo. The production received mixed reviews, but Charles Spencer of the Telegraph gave the play 5 stars, highlighting the central performances of Pryce and Anne Reid, as well as the young leads, Lanipekun and Holliday Grainger. In series 2 of Jonathan Harvey's comedy "Beautiful People", Lanipekun guest starred as the Jamaican personal trainer Tiger. The same year, In series 2 of the BBC's "Being Human", Lanipekun guest starred in the opening double episode, playing the character Saul. He then completed roles in the films "Clash of the Titans", starring Sam Worthington and Ralph Fiennes, and the British film "Blitz", starring Jason Statham and Paddy Considine.
In Autumn 2010 Lanipekun returned to the stage, taking on the character of Laertes in Nicholas Hytner's production of "Hamlet" at the National Theatre. Alongside Rory Kinnear, David Calder, Claire Higgins and Ruth Negga the play had a sellout run and tour. It then returned to the National and finally ended in April 2011. The production and Alex's performance were critically well received, earning 5 and 4 star reviews across all the major broadsheets. The Telegraph, highlighted Lanipekun's portrayal of Laertes, and the Spectator described his performance as "outstanding". The production was also nominated for Evening Standard and Olivier Awards.
Lanipekun returned to TV, appearing as Benjamin Lightfoot in Series 1 of "Death in Paradise" starring Ben Miller and Sara Martins and playing the role of Mohammed in the Showtime/Sky Atlantic Series "The Borgias", starring Jeremy Irons. He then completed roles in the films "Twenty8k" alongside Parminder Nagra, Kirsten Wearing, Jonas Armstrong and Stephen Dillane, and the Tony Krawitz-directed "Dead Europe" alongside Ewan Leslie.
In Autumn 2012, Lanipekun filmed "Way To Go" for BBC3 and the regular role of Steve for Comedy Central's new show "Big Bad World", alongside Blake Harrison, Caroline Quentin and James Fleet.
He can also be heard as the voice of the 'Use Sports' campaign for Nike Asia.
Lanipekun plays the regular role of DC Sean Armitage alongside Kenneth Cranham in the BBC Radio 4, show "The Interrogation", written by Roy Williams and directed by Jessica Dromgoole.

</doc>
<doc id="19890651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890651" title="Pre–Royal Military Academy Sandhurst">
Pre–Royal Military Academy Sandhurst

The Pre–Royal Military Academy Sandhurst (Pre-RMAS), commonly known simply as PRAMS, is a course designed to develop the potential of candidates deemed uncultured or character risks before they attend Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. The course is held at the Army School of Education, Worthy Down, Hampshire and lasts for 11 weeks.
Overview.
The course is designed to culturally broaden, develop communication and ensure candidates are at the correct stage of fitness and injury free before RMAS. The students will visit London on numerous occasions to view Operas, Theatre Productions, Ballets and Musicals. This is utilised to allow students to carry out analysis, which is vital as an officer in the British Army
Essay Writing & Presentation.
All students are expected to write essays and deliver a presentation on various topics. These topics include, Leadership, International Organisations and Culture.
Fitness.
All students are expected to meet the minimum requirements for RMAS entry. In addition, fitness sessions are built into the programme to allow students to maintain and develop their fitness levels.
Visits.
The students on the course will undertake various visits to London, Southampton and Winchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19890663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890663" title="Mercer Raceway Park">
Mercer Raceway Park

Mercer Raceway Park is a 3/8-mile dirt oval located just minutes from both the Interstate 79 and 80 exits just off Route 19 & 62 at 555 Fairground Road in Findley Township, Mercer County, just outside the northeast borough limits of Mercer, Pennsylvania. It is currently owned by Bill Altman and promoted by Kristin Swartzlander. 
Today, Mercer Raceway Park is one of the region's top dirt tracks running Saturday nights beginning late March and continuing into early October. Regular racing divisions included the 410 Sprints, 358 Modifieds, Outlaw Sprint Warriors, Mod Lites, Stock Cars and Mini Stocks. Touring series that visit the track include the: UFO Late Models, Auto Racers for Kids Charities, All Star Sprint Circuit of Champions, All-American Sprint Nationals Pulling, BRP Modified Tour, and ARDC Sprint Midgets. 
Mercer Raceway Park will celebrate its 60th Anniversary season in 2011. 
Purchase and Management.
Bill Altman is the current owner of the track, having purchased it from longtime owner and promoter Vicki Emig on April 30, 2010. Emig owned and operated the facility from 1999 through the start of 2010. Upon purchasing the track, Altman immediately increased the Sprint Car purse by over $1,000 to support the division.
In late 2010, Altman added Kristin Swartzlander to the track management as promoter. Swartzlander has a storied family history in racing, along with professional experience in advertising, public relations, and marketing in both the agency setting as well as in professional sports. At 24, Swartzlander is one of the youngest dirt track promoters in the country, and one of few females to hold the position.
Location.
Mercer Raceway Park is located at 555 Fairground Road in Mercer, PA. The track office can be reached at 724-662-1310. 
Western PA Sprint Championship.
The Western PA Sprint Championship is one of the most highly regarded events in the storied track's history. The event began in 1966 with a 100-lap endurance sprint race, seeing Ralph Quarterson as its first winner. Quarterson went on to win the next three events until the race was canceled in 1970. The Western PA Sprint Championship was revived in 1971 and remained a 100-lap event until 1977, where it was reduced to 50 laps. 
The 1978 Western PA Sprint Championship was sanctioned by the World of Outlaws and was won by Johnny Beaber of Gibsonburg, OH. The race dropped to 40 laps in 1981 and was run once more in 1982 before a hiatus until 2004, during which the track was closed for nearly 11 years from 1982 - 1994.
While the 2004 and 2008 races were rained out, recent Western PA Sprint Championships have provided race fans the opportunity to see an impressive sprint car field with three different winners in veterans Ed Lynch, Jr. (2005, 2007) and Brian Ellenberger (2006, 2010), and up-and-coming young driver Carl Bowser (2009). 
As of 2010, there have been 21 races with 11 different winners: Ralph Quarterson (5), Bobby Allen (4), Johnny Beaber(2), Ed Lynch, Jr. (2), Brian Ellenberger (2), Kenny Weld (1), Jan Opperman (1), Buddy Cochran (1), Lynn Paxton (1), Lou Blaney (1), Carl Bowser (1).
History.
Mercer Raceway Park is the site of the former Mercer County Fair and is one of the oldest dirt tracks in the nation with horse racing dating back to the 19th century. Mercer ran its first auto race on July 26, 1951. 

</doc>
<doc id="19890666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890666" title="3G Studios">
3G Studios

3G Studios, Inc. is an independent video game development studio with a range of titles available on traditional consoles, iPhone applications and social gaming platforms. Founded in 2006, 3G Studios is based out of Reno, Nevada and has been known to collaborate with other companies in the game development industry.
Over the past few years 3G has grown into several key areas of technology. Their experience working on mobile devices and video game consoles allows the company to create high performance user experiences that today's customers demand.
History.
3G Studios was founded in 2006 by James Kosta and several key employees from BattleBorne Entertainment, which produced ' for the PlayStation 2 in 2005. In 2006, 3G Studios worked with MTV to create "Stacked with Daniel Negreanu" for the PlayStation Portable (PSP). In 2007, 3G Studios launched ' for the PSP and also collaborated with Harmonix to release "Rock Band".
In 2008, 3G Studios published "Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009", working directly with the fitness guru, Jillian Michaels herself. By March 2009, the game sold over 500,000 copies in the U.S. and over 1,240,000 copies worldwide.
At the end of 2009, 3G Studios launched a handful of iPhone games in the App Store developing with what has been branded as 3G's Rocket Powered Mobile Technology: "Zombeat", "The Deep", "Bloodlines: The Alexa Holmes Chronicles", and "Skate or Die".
In 2010, 3G developed one of the first "Social Shooters" on Facebook, "Brave Arms". In 2011, 3G made another social application, "The Dating Game", available on Facebook, MySpace, Friendster and Bebo.

</doc>
<doc id="19890669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890669" title="Mihkel Lüdig">
Mihkel Lüdig

Mihkel Lüdig ( in Reiu Parish – 7 May 1958 in Vändra) was an Estonian composer, organist and choir conductor. As a composer, he particularly worked on a cappella choral songs. Lüdig is considered one of the major organisers of large-scale musical events in 20th century Estonia. He was a student of Nicolai Soloviev.
Events.
Lüdig initiated and led a number of events:
Business.
Lüdig was among the founders of Esto-Muusika, the most successful music supply business in Estonia of the time, and the short-lived monthly journal Helikund, edited by Eduard Visnapuu.
Career.
In 1918–1924, Lüdig worked as an organist of the Kaarli kirik.
In 1920–1922, Lüdig was an organ teacher in the Tallinn Higher School of Music, one of whose founders he had been in 1919. Lüdig was also a director of the school in 1919–1923.
In 1925, Lüdig moved to Argentina, hoping to find better work. However, the rumours of lack of organists in Buenos Aires turned out to be severely overblown, so his career there began at the post of an inn pianist; later he also conducted for a local German male choir. In 1929, Lüdig moved back to Estonia. Until 1932, he taught organ playing and played it himself in Tallinn; then, he moved to Pärnu and became a conductor of the Endla society. In 1934–1958 — until his death — he lived and worked in Vändra.

</doc>
<doc id="19890697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890697" title="Askira uba">
Askira uba

Askira/uba is one of the biggest Local Government Areas of Borno State in northeastern Nigeria. It has an area of 2,362 km² and a population of 138,091 at the 2006 census. It is dominated by Mostly the Chibok (Kibaku) and Marghi Tribes, although different dielects and some Fulani in the upland areas. It is one of the settlement areas of the Christian Missionaries in Northern Nigeria. The main areas in this area include Uba, Askira, Wamdeo, Lassa, Uvu, Mussa and Husara. It is the only Local Government in Borno State with two emirates. The emir of the Uba, Til Samaila Mamza died on the 4th of April, 2010 after months of protracted illness and Emir of Askira, Mai Mohammed Askirama the Second. (Died August 2011) and was succeeded by his son Bala.

</doc>
<doc id="19890703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890703" title="Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein">
Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein

Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein ("Franz de Paula Joachim Joseph") (Vienna, 25 February 1802 - Vienna, 31 March 1887) was a son of Johann I Joseph, Prince of Liechtenstein (1760-1836) and wife Landgravine Josepha of Fürstenberg-Weitra, nephew of Aloys I, brother of Aloys II and uncle of Johann II and Franz I.
Marriage and issue.
On 3 June 1841, in Vienna, he married Ewa Jozefina "Julia" Eudoxia Hrabia Potocka (Paris, 10 August 1818 - Vienna, 21 May 1895), sister of Count Alfred Józef Potocki (1817–1889), Sejm Marshal, Minister-President of Austria, and had four children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19890706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890706" title="List of Penguin Musume Heart episodes">
List of Penguin Musume Heart episodes

This article is a list of episodes for the ONA series, . The majority of episode titles are parodies of miscellaneous anime, manga and other media.

</doc>
<doc id="19890708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890708" title="Donatas Navikas">
Donatas Navikas

Donatas Navikas (born 30 June 1983) is a Lithuanian footballer who is currently playing for Atlantas.
Navikas previously played for FC Salyut-Energia Belgorod in the Russian First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19890717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890717" title="Todd Greanier">
Todd Greanier

Todd Greanier is an author and software architect, widely regarded as an expert in Java programming. He has written several books on the subject, including "Java Foundations", which is used as a textbook in many college-level computer science programs. It has been translated into over forty languages and is the standard text for Java programmers in India, Russia, Germany, and South Africa.
Once a popular instructor for Sun Microsystems, Greanier now works to develop and deliver online training programs. He was a frequent contributor to the now defunct New York Sun newspaper, and was co-author (with sportswriter Sean Lahman) of three books on professional football.
Todd published his first book of poetry, Despising Van Gogh, in February 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19890730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890730" title="Ajman Castle">
Ajman Castle

Ajman Castle (, 'Ehrenau Castle') is a 17th-century manor located near the settlement of Sveti Duh in the Municipality of Škofja Loka, Slovenia.
The late-renaissance castle was built (as Ehrenau Castle) in 1679 by the governor of the Škofja Loka lordship, Franc Matija the noble Lampfrizhaimb. Successive owners included the noble families of Angerburg, Widmannsstätten, Dietrich, Zanetti, Flachenfeld, and Dienzl.
The manorial chapel of the Holy Virgin was built in 1733 and contains an altar-wall mural by Franc Jelovšek, one of the more prominent Slovene painters of the eighteenth century. Commissioned between 1739 and 1746 by its owner Kristof Laurenz von Flachenfeld, the painting features the Virgin flanked by St. John Nepomuk and St. Francis Xavier.
In 1746 the manor was sold to Adam Dinzl Angerburg. In the late 18th century it obtained its current name, "Ajman Castle", after another owner named Heimann. In 1918 it passed into the hands of Marija Guzelj (née Detela), and then to the Demšar family, which held it until World War II. On 30 April 1944 the Partisans burned the manor down. It was thoroughly renovated some decades later. Today it houses an Ursuline monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="19890742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890742" title="SC Bacău">
SC Bacău

SC Bacău can refer to two Romanian football teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19890753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890753" title="Going Nowhere (album)">
Going Nowhere (album)

Going Nowhere is the debut full length album by Indian post-rock band Lounge Piranha. The supporting tour was called the Going Nowhere tour, to Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Pilani and Manipal.

</doc>
<doc id="19890754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890754" title="Susanne Lothar">
Susanne Lothar

Susanne Lothar (15 November 1960 – 21 July 2012) was a German film, television and stage actress. 
Early life and education.
Susanne Lothar was born on 15 November 1960 in Hamburg, Germany. She was the daughter of actors Hanns Lothar and Ingrid Andree, who divorced in 1965, the year before her father's death. She studied drama at the Hochschule für Theater und Musik (School of Theatre and Music) in Hamburg.
Career.
Lothar was a member of the company of the "Deutsches Schauspielhaus" theatre in Hamburg for many years and her performances include roles in Frank Wedekind's Lulu plays ("Erdgeist" ("Earth Spirit") and "Die Büchse der Pandora" ("Pandora's Box")), produced by Peter Zadek. For her first film "Strange Fruits" ("Eisenhans") in 1983, she received the German Federal Film Prize. With Ulrich Mühe, she appeared as the victimised married couple in the original version of Michael Haneke's "Funny Games" in 1997. Lothar worked again with Haneke as Mrs Schober in "The Piano Teacher" and in "The White Ribbon".
Her films "The White Ribbon", " The Piano Teacher" and "Funny Games" were shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
Death.
Susanne Lothar's death was announced in a written statement by lawyer Christian Schertz, representing her family, on 25 July 2012.
Lothar had married actor Ulrich Mühe in 1997. They had two children. Mühe died of stomach cancer in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19890758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890758" title="Provisional Government of Albania">
Provisional Government of Albania

The Provisional Government of Albania (Albanian: "Qeveria e Përkohshme e Shqipërisë") is the first Government of Albania created by the Assembly of Vlorë on 4 December 1912. It was a paternal government, led by Ismail Qemali, until his resignation in 22 January 1914 and by Fejzi Alizoti, until the proclamation of the Principality of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="19890765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890765" title="Daniel Benyamini">
Daniel Benyamini

Daniel Benyamini (Tel Aviv, 1925–1993) was an Israeli violist, who studied at the Shulamit Conservatory. 
He served as the Israel Philharmonic's principal violist (1960–1990), a chair he also held at the Orchestre de Paris under Daniel Barenboim. In addition, he was internationally active as a soloist and a chamber musician, and was a professor at the newly founded Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía for the two last years of his life. 

</doc>
<doc id="19890769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890769" title="Uncial 0126">
Uncial 0126

Uncial 0126 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 36 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 8th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Mark 5:34-6:2, on one parchment leaf (30 by 22 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in large uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category III.
It is dated to the 8th-century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown.
The manuscript is cited in the Novum Testamentum Graece.

</doc>
<doc id="19890772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890772" title="Meet Mila De Rabba">
Meet Mila De Rabba

Meet Mila De Rabba is a Hindi language drama series that aired on Sony TV, every Monday - Thursday at 8pm UTC. The story is about a young Punjabi woman's poignant love story and highlights the trials of the bubbly girl who happily accepts her fate, simply to please her family and society. The series premiered on November 3, 2008 and concluded on May 21, 2009.
Concept.
The story is set within the deep-rooted tradition and customs of Punjabi culture. It begins with the excitement and preparation of the most vibrant and chirpy young woman: Geet. She agrees to marry a man she has never met before. For her, her parent's happiness and honor is important and she will do everything to make her marriage work. So she waits with great excitement until her wedding day, for her prince to come and sweep her away. Everyone who is stepping on to the soil is going to attend the big wedding. As the beautiful bride, Geet is all dressed up in her bridal finery, the entire village awaits the arrival of the baraat and the dulha. The couple gets ready to exchange their marriage vows; the customary gunshot is fired to announce the auspicious moment, a tradition followed over the years, and suddenly all are shocked to witness an untoward incident at the ceremony: The gunshot has hit the groom.
She gets re-married to Kulwant Singh, an army officer. She loves her new husband and her new family. Sadly, she finds that Kulwant has to return to fulfill his duty on the border. He gets shot on his first day on duty. Kulwant is still alive, and somehow he ends up in Pakistan. He didn't realize that he was there until the Pakistani army came in front of him. The army starts asking him what is he doing in Pakistan and what is he here for. When Kulwant is trying to find his way back home he suddenly gets lost; he sees a woman in a veil and she tells him the way. But after that, it seems like she gave him the wrong directions. He finds the woman's husband and thinks that he is a terrorist. Someone shoots him but the woman thinks that Kulwant shot her husband. Kulwant gets shot by the army of Pakistan and he buried and saluted. Geet finds out and doesn't believe that Kulwant died. Then suddenly her kirpan goes missing and then she realizes that Kulwant is no more. She wears white mourning clothing for widowed women. Geet's parents want her to get married to Sukhi but she refuses. She learns that Kulwant is alive. Geet is pregnant. Kulwant is taken from his home to the army headquarters during the welcome party at his home. Everyone is shocked. Where will the fate of Geet and Kulwant's love take the serial?
Replacement.
"Meet Mila De Rabba" replaced the popular soap "Waqt Batayega Kaun Apna Kaun Paraya" on November 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19890773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890773" title="Ghair Khanooni">
Ghair Khanooni

Gair Kaanooni is a 1989 film starring Sridevi, Rajnikant, Govinda, and Kimi Katkar. The movie was an instant hit due to sridevi's crowd pulling power at that time.
Synopsis.
This movie begins in a hospital in India where Sridevi and Govinda are switched at birth. Kader Khan, Sridevi's dad, steals Govinda from the nursery after finding out that his wife gave birth to a girl. He leaves the girl in the arms of the bewildered mother who passes away from a heart attack after discovering that someone stole her baby. As the tragedy unfolds throughout the movie, Govinda and Sridevi eventually find who out their biological parents really are. 
Both actors meet in a financial scandal and fall in love, but Sridevi resists. Sridevi commits insurance fraud by intentionally walking in front of Govinda's vehicle. She is compensated accordingly, but not before stealing his father Kader Khan's watch. Though the events in the movie are tragic, they are portrayed in a comedic way. This is supported by Sridevi pretending to be a courtesan minutes after the incident. Sridevi performs to a dance number with a beautiful coral colored Indian dress. The name of the song is, "Tum Jo Parda Rako Ge," which means, "If you keep the curtain in its place," referring to the first day Sridevi met Govinda in the financial scandal where Sridevi stole money from Govinda along with his father's watch.

</doc>
<doc id="19890784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890784" title="Favorite Flies and Their Histories">
Favorite Flies and Their Histories

Favorite Flies and Their Histories - "With many replies from practical anglers to inquiries concerning how, when and where to use them-Illustrated by Thirty-two colored plates of flies, six engravings of natural insects and eight reproductions of photographs" is a fly fishing book written by Mary Orvis Marbury published in Boston in April 1892 by Houghton Mifflin. It was considered by most fly fishers as the standard reference on flies in its era.
Synopsis.
"Favorite Flies" is a unique volume that compiles the stories and images of popular American artificial flies of the late 19th century. It is one of the earliest works to use chromolithography color plates. Today, the original flies used to create the color plates are preserved in the American Museum of Fly Fishing in Manchester, Vermont. The stories for each fly described in the volume were obtained through correspondence with fly fisherman and fly tiers throughout the U.S. and Canada. The following is a typical story about the "Professor", a popular wet-fly of time:
No. 192. The Professor was named after the much-loved Professor John Wilson (Christopher North), and the story of the fly is, that one time, when this famous angler Was fishing, he ran short of flies, and, to create something of a flylike appearance, he fastened the petals of buttercups on his hook, adding bits of leaves or grass to imitate the wings of a fly. This arrangement was so successful that it led to the making of the fly with a yellow silk body, since then was widely known as the Professor
Professor. - A prime favorite; use it on almost all casts when I see more than one fly. When using a black tail fly, I use a brown fly and a Professor for droppers; find it a good fly under general conditions, when using a Miller for tail fly; then use Professor for droppers. "From a letter from W. David Tomlin ("Norman") Duluth, Minn as favorite flies for trout in Michigan streams".
"Favorite Flies" contains plates and stories for Bass Flies, Trout Flies, Hackles, Salmon Flies, and Lake Flies
Reviews.
The legacy of Mary Marbury, through her book and her leadership in Orvis's commercial fly-tying operation, is the standardization of American fly patterns. Her book "Favorite Flies and Their Histories", remains one of the most significant landmarks in American fly tying literature.
Mary Orvis Marbury, daughter of Charles F. Orvis, produced "Favorite Flies and their Histories" in 1892. While it may not complete favorably with later works on entomology, it certainly is unique for its time. It included a practical treatise on fly classification
WHEN Mary Orvis Marbury died in 1914, the English Fishing Gazette acclaimed her as "the most famous but one female angling author." (The other was Dame Juliana Berners, an Englishwoman who wrote "A Treatyse of Fysshying Wyth an Angle" in 1496.) Marbury's "Favorite Flies and Their Histories," which became a best seller among anglers after it appeared in 1892 and went through nine printings by 1896, has recently been reprinted by the Wellfleet Press.
Mary Orvis Marbury produced one of American fishing literature's milestone volumes, "Favorite Flies and Their Histories" (1892), which not only served generations as the bible of fly patterns but further strengthened the company's reputation for expertise and reliability
...the book which captured the American wet-fly tradition at its peak was Charles' daughter's "Favorite Flies". Mary ran the Orvis company's fly tying department and she was inspired to set pen to paper when she realised how little standardization there was among fly patterns... The answers were compiled and key to colour plates in a book which was still in print sixty years later, such was its popularity
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange
See also.
Bibliography of fly fishing

</doc>
<doc id="19890803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890803" title="John R. Connolly">
John R. Connolly

John R. Connolly (born July 6, 1973) is an at-large Boston city councilor and was a candidate for mayor of Boston, Massachusetts. He was first elected in November 2007.
Family.
Connolly is a resident of West Roxbury where he lives with his wife, Meg, and children, Clare, Teddy, and Mary Katherine. Meg is a psychologist and former social worker. His mother, Lynda Connolly recently retired as a Massachusetts court judge. His father, Michael J. Connolly, is a former Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth 
Education.
During his high school years, Connolly attended Roxbury Latin School. After graduating he earned his B.A. "cum laude" from Harvard University and later earned his J.D. from Boston College Law School.
Career.
In 1998 he taught at the Boston Renaissance Charter School.
After graduating from Boston College Law School, Connolly began his legal career with the firm Ropes and Gray. He started his own law firm, Schofield Campbell & Connolly, with two other Boston residents.
Controversies.
On November 3, 2007 Connolly's campaign for City Councilor At-Large admitted to mailing literature about incumbent councilor Stephen J. Murphy which until that point came from an unknown source. The acknowledgement came after a Boston Herald columnist accused the candidate of sending the unsigned, unattributed flyers.
Run for mayor.
On February 26, 2013, Connolly announced he would stand in the Boston mayoral election, 2013. Connolly finished the second of twelve in the preliminary election in September 2013. On November 5, 2013 - He lost the general election to Marty Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19890808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890808" title="Five Golden Dragons">
Five Golden Dragons

Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British action film filmed in Hong Kong directed by Jeremy Summers, starring Robert Cummings, Margaret Lee and a cast of "guest stars". 

</doc>
<doc id="19890876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890876" title="Vachon River">
Vachon River

Vachon River (, Inuktitut: "Ikkatujaaq (seemingly shallow)" or "Qarnatulik (unknown meaning)" or "Avaluko (unknown meaning)") is a river in the Arctic tundra of Nunavik, Quebec. It originates on Lac Laflamme at just north of Pingualuit crater and finishes at where it joins Arnaud/Payne River. It was named after bishop Alexander Vachon (1885–1953), rector of Laval University in 1939 and from 1940 to 1953, archbishop of the diocese of Ottawa.
Despite the access and paddling difficulties (long rapids and ledges) and extreme climatic conditions, river is occasionally paddled by canoeists:
River is inhabited by an important arctic char population harvested for subsistence by the Inuit of Kangirsuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19890891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890891" title="Keith Herber">
Keith Herber

Keith Donald "Doc" Herber (January 3, 1949 - March 13, 2009) was an American author, editor, and musician.
Career.
Keith Herber was born in Detroit, Michigan, United States. He began working on the fourth edition of Chaosium's "Call of Cthulhu" role-playing game in 1989; he was the line editor for the game for the next five years, including the change to the fifth edition of "Call of Cthulhu" in 1992, until he left Chaosium in 1994. While there he wrote and edited such award-winning books as "The Fungi from Yuggoth", "Trail of Tsathoggua", "Spawn of Azathoth", "Arkham Unveiled", "Return to Dunwich", "Investigator’s Companion" Volumes 1 & 2, and the "Keeper’s Compendium". The anthology Cthulhu's Dark Cults was dedicated to his memory.
Herber wrote for Pagan Publishing's "The Unspeakable Oath" magazine. Following his time at Chaosium, Herber wrote two novels for White Wolf's game as well as the Tremere Clanbook. He also served as an editor for "Cinescape" Magazine.
Herber's venture at the time of his death was Miskatonic River Press, a publishing company started in 2009 to produce a number of supplements for "Call of Cthulhu", as well as several fiction anthologies.
Throughout his time as an author and editor, Herber played bass guitar for blues and rock bands across the United States, including Detroit's Progressive Blues Band, Dr. John, Bonnie Raitt, Mitch Ryder, The Thunderbirds and opening for The Temptations, John Mayall, The Violent Femmes, and others.
Herber died in Lakeland, Florida in March 2009, aged 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19890901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890901" title="Uncial 0127">
Uncial 0127

Uncial 0127 (in the Gregory–Aland numbering), ε 54 (Soden), is a bilingual Greek–Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 8th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the John 2:2-11, on one parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page, 6-9 letters in line, in large uncial letters.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Probably it was written in Egypt. It was found in the White Monastery in Egypt.
Formerly it was designated by siglum Tq. In 1908 Gregory gave siglum 0127 to it.
It is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,10 fol. 207) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19890913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890913" title="Hygromia kovacsi">
Hygromia kovacsi

Hygromia kovacsi, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Eastern Europe, in Hungary and in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19890919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890919" title="Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles">
Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles

The ladies' individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1932 Winter Olympics. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which had previously been held twice at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 as was as twice at the Winter Games in 1924 and 1928. The competition was held on Tuesday February 9, 1932 and on Wednesday February 10, 1932.
Fifteen figure skaters from seven nations competed.
Results.
Sonja Henie successfully defended her 1928 title with Austrian Fritzi Burger finishing in second place again.
The points and score are given as shown in the official Olympic report, placing Colledge in eighth, Phillips in ninth, Davis in twelfth, and Fisher in 13th.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19890935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890935" title="Bottle Rocket (company)">
Bottle Rocket (company)

Bottle Rocket, Inc. was a leading developer of Web-based casual games and advergames from 1996 until 2000, when the company was acquired by ACTV, a technical and creative interactive television services company later acquired by OpenTV. Based in New York City, the company created more than 40 licensed trivia, prediction, simulation, arcade-style and multiplayer game formats played by more than 600,000 registered users, and specialized in sports-related content.
History.
The company was founded in Manhattan’s “Silicon Alley” in 1996, and was briefly known as Lucid Media. Bottle Rocket’s first game title was IBM Rangers Shootout, an online hockey trivia game built for the New York Rangers and sponsored by IBM. Bottle Rocket also built football, baseball, basketball and soccer sports trivia games for clients including AC Milan, Arsenal FC, Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association, National Football League, StarMedia and The Sporting News, and also to develop arcade-style games and prediction games.
In 1998, with investment from London-based online sports company Pangolin, Bottle Rocket began to sign larger game development deals in the sports industry, and to expand into music, general entertainment and other non-sports content. Bottle Rocket and the NHL launched the NHL Game Room, featuring a variety of hockey-themed games, and the company also partnered with The Sporting News on TSN TriviArena, a suite of five sports trivia games offering collectible sports memorabilia as prizes to the best players monthly. Bottle Rocket also developed titles such as The Hollywood Aptitude Test (entertainment trivia) for E! Online, Predict The Winners (Oscars prediction game) for Reel.com, VMA Pool Party (Video Music Awards prediction game) for MTV, and Skengle & Skengle (a tamogatchi-like game) for Noggin.
In 1999, Electronic Arts made an investment in Bottle Rocket, and also announced a three-year development agreement between the two companies to develop FanSlam, an online trivia contest that pits sports fans against one another. In 1999 and 2000, Bottle Rocket announced new deals and game launches including Shoot for Six (golf trivia) for SportsNuts.com, an interactive game for the Westminster Kennel Club, and Bubble Boy Hockey (simulated table-top hockey game) for ESPN with sponsorship by Budweiser.
In August 2000 Bottle Rocket was acquired by ACTV for an undisclosed sum. Bottle Rocket continued to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, developing both online and interactive television games. ACTV, including the Bottle Rocket subsidiary, was acquired by OpenTV in 2002.
External links.
“Just Off the Launch Pad, Bottle Rocket Shoots for Stars”, atNewYork (InternetNews), (1998-04-24)

</doc>
<doc id="19890945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890945" title="Linoleum knife">
Linoleum knife

A linoleum knife (also called a banana knife or hook axe) is a small knife that has a short, stiff blade with a curved point and a handle and is used to cut linoleum or other sheet materials such as wood panelling and veneer and sheet mica. The knife is similar in design to the sickle. Like most cutting tools with hooked blades, the purpose of this design is to cut by pulling. This helps to reduce the wasted effort of simultaneously pressing the blade into the item as one would with a straight blade. It also allows the user to reach out and cut an item with the arm fully extended, such as during plant trimming or harvesting, or making a long continuous cut into a surface. This tool can also be used to pick locks by bypassing the safety latch in the doorjamb. Knives of a similar shape and design are commonly used by carpet fitters.

</doc>
<doc id="19890972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890972" title="Berlin-Peck Memorial Library">
Berlin-Peck Memorial Library

The Berlin-Peck Memorial Library is a public library located in Berlin, Connecticut. The original library was founded in 1829. The library is now located at 234 Kensington Road, in a facility built in 1989. The library serves a population of 20,137. The total collection consists of 107,364 items (94,646 print).

</doc>
<doc id="19891018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891018" title="Psychopath (1968 film)">
Psychopath (1968 film)

Psychopath (, ) is a 1968 Italian-German crime film directed by Guido Zurli and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19891019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891019" title="Uncial 0128">
Uncial 0128

Uncial 0128 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 071 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Matthew 25:32-37.40-42.44-45, on one parchment leaf (35 cm by 25.5 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 33 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It uses accents; it has itacistic errors.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
It is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.
Formerly it was designated by Tr. In 1908 Gregory gave number 0128 to it.
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,10 f. 208) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19891029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891029" title="Gila Gamliel">
Gila Gamliel

Gila Gamliel (, born 24 February 1974) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Likud.
Biography.
Born in Gedera to a family of Yemenite and Libyan Jewish origins, Gamliel studied at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, where she was awarded a BA in Middle Eastern history and philosophy and an MA in philosophy. During her time as a student, she was elected chairwoman of the university's student union. She was controversially re-elected to the post after her boyfriend Sagiv Assulin had removed members who opposed Gamliel's candidacy from the association's steering council. She also served as the first woman chair of the National Students' Association, and later obtained a Bachelor of Laws at the Ono Academic College and a Master of Laws at the Bar-Ilan University.
For the 1999 elections she was placed 25th on the Likud list, but missed out on a place in the Knesset when the party won only 19 seats. In 2003 she surprisingly won 11th place on the Likud list for the elections that year, ahead of several cabinet ministers. She became a Knesset member when the party won 38 seats, standing down as head of the Ben-Gurion University student's union, where she was replaced by Assulin. Following her election to the Knesset, police decided to open an investigation into the suspected transfer of student funds into a private company. She was also accused of blackmailing a fellow student council member in order to retain the chairmanship of the students' association of the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev at the time. Gamliel denied both accusations. In November 2003 the fraud police decided to stop the investigations against her because of lack of enough evidence. 
In June 2003 she and three other Likud MKs were banned from the Likud faction for three months after voting against government economic policy. During her first term in the Knesset she chaired the committee on the Status of Women, and in March 2005 was appointed Deputy Minister of Agriculture. 
Gamliel missed out on a place on the Likud list for the 2006 elections and lost her seat. Prior to the 2009 elections she won nineteenth place on the party's list, and returned to the Knesset as Likud won 27 seats. On 1 April 2009 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appointed Gamliel as Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister's Office in his new government, with the portfolio of the Advancement of Young People, Students and Women. 
In the 2013 elections she was re-elected to the Knesset, but lost her Deputy Ministerial post.
Personal life.
Whilst at Ben-Gurion University, Gamliel dated Sagiv Assulin, with whom she worked closely together in the students' association, with the couple becoming known as "Sagilon". Assulin was also on the Likud list for the 2009 elections, but in 35th place and failed to win a seat. Gamliel is now married with two daughters and lives in Tel Aviv.
She has five elder brothers. Her father's family, the Gamliels, are a big family of Yemenite Jews in Gila's birthplace Gedera. Her mother is a Libyan Jew, originating from Tripoli. Other family members of Gila are politicians as well. Her brother Chaim is/was chairman of Likud in Gedera, her uncle Yoel Gamliel is mayor of Gedera and another relative, Aryeh Gamliel, is a former member of the Knesset for Shas.

</doc>
<doc id="19891071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891071" title="Fahad Al Rashidi">
Fahad Al Rashidi

Fahad Al-Rashidi (; born 31 December 1984) is a Kuwaiti football player. He currently plays for Kuwaiti Premier League side Al Arabi.

</doc>
<doc id="19891078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891078" title="Psychopath (disambiguation)">
Psychopath (disambiguation)

Psychopath can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891084" title="Papua New Guinea Academic and Research Network">
Papua New Guinea Academic and Research Network

The Papua New Guinea Academic and Research Network (PNGARNET) is a nonprofit organisation owned and operated by the Papua New Guinea Vice-Chancellors Committee. PNGARNET's stated mission is to expand the availability of cost-effective Internet services to the nation's universities and research centres. 
History.
Efforts to develop cost-effective Internet connectivity between Papua New Guinea’s higher education institutions began in the mid-1990s. In 2006, discussions between the nation’s telecommunications providers, universities and government resulted in the decision to create a single entity that would address the issue.
PNGARNET was launched in April 2008, and its initial membership consisted of four state-funded schools – University of Goroka, University of Papua New Guinea, University of Technology and Vudal University – plus the privately owned Divine Word University and Pacific Adventist University and two government agencies, the National Research Institute and the National Agricultural Research Institute.
Internet connectivity.
Among PNGARNET’s earliest projects has been the development of a computer satellite virtual local area network designed to increase Internet bandwidth to the nation's higher education institutions. The first installation coordinated by PNGARNET was a 3.7 metre satellite dish at the University of Goroka, which was designed to replace an older and slower dish while enabling the facility to facilitate full Internet research and communications services across Papua New Guinea and in connection with other nations.
Papua New Guinea’s topography, with its rugged landforms and seismic activity, discouraged the installation of optical fibre as the main telecommunications medium for Internet connectivity. A microwave transmission was not pursued, since the technology requires line-of-sight between towers, which could only be constructed and maintained by PNG Telikom. Therefore, it was decided to use satellite transmission for PNGARNET’s connectivity.
The PNGARNet system is made up of the participating institutions and a hub that is located in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong location was chosen due to the guarantee of uninterrupted electrical power and Internet connectivity and for its access to technology experts and supplies. PNGARNet rents its bandwidth on a geo-stationary orbiting satellite. 
Funding.
The institutions participating in PNGARNET are required to purchase and maintain their on-site equipment, and each institution is charged a fee to help defray the costs of the Hong Kong hub. Internet bandwidth needs are paid on a predetermined scale that is reviewed annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19891088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891088" title="Sun scorcher">
Sun scorcher

Sun scorcher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891097" title="Blas de Lezo-class cruiser">
Blas de Lezo-class cruiser

The "Blas de Lezo"-class cruisers were a group of two cruisers built for the Spanish Navy in the 1920s. The ships were ordered in 1915 but construction proceeded slowly due to materials shortages during World War I. The ships were built by Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval in Ferrol and showed considerable British design influence, resembling contemporary British C-class cruisers. 
"Mendez Nunez" was reconstructed into an anti-aircraft cruiser in 1944. She was re-armed with 8 - 120mm Vickers anti-aircraft guns in single mountings, 4 × 2 37mm and 2 × 4 20mm light AA guns of German origin. The superstructure was completely rebuilt and fitted with modern fire control equipment. Two triple banks of torpedo tubes were retained.

</doc>
<doc id="19891132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891132" title="FC Ploiești">
FC Ploiești

FC Ploieşti was a football club based in Ploieşti, Romania. It was founded in 1922 and dissolved in 1949.
History.
In 1922, in Ploieşti, Tricolor club was formed, some of the founding members being: Gheorghiu, Jan Vasopol, Elly Roman the composer (the first president) and N. Stambolgiu.
Until 1932, when the divisionary system is inaugurated, it activates in the district championship. Team used in this period: Botez - Lang, Gh. Dragomirescu - Anastasescu, M. Popescu, Şerbănescu - Stavrescu, Antonescu, Lae Dumitrescu, Frunzulescu, T. Ionescu. In 1927-28, plays against Olympia Bucharest the South League Final, and lost 1-2. Two years later, the club becomes the champions of the South League, winning against Victoria, at Constanţa, with 1-0.
In 1932 it wins the Ploieşti districtual championship and gets the right to play in the first season of the newly formed Divizia A (1932–33). Team used: Cristescu - Dunăreanu (A. Dragomirescu II), Gh. Dragomirescu I - Anastasescu, Schwarts, Grün - M. Dumitrescu, Oane Stănescu (Gohn), Spirea, Ştefănescu, M. Rădulescu. After two seasons played in the first division it relegates.
In 1936, Tricolor merges with CFPV (Căile Ferate Ploieşti-Văleni). The new club is named Tricolor CFPV and in charge of it we see: ing. V. Haret, ing. Gh. Coconea, Nelu Teodorescu and Nicu Stambolgiu. After 4 years in the Second Division, in 1938, Tricolor succeeds to promote, but only plays for one season, because it relegates again. But the following season it promotes once again, this time under a new name FC Ploieşti. It finishes the 1940-1941 of the First Division on an honorable position, 10th. Players used in the interwar period: Schrameck, Iordăchescu, Neagu, Dunăreanu, Lupaş, Pop, Miscoltz, Lakatos, Sperlea, Dobra, Marienuţ, Mosko, Kovács I, Kovács II, Bocşa, Kocsis, Galis, Maliţa, Antonescu, Bărbulescu, Bartunek.
After the war FC Ploieşti plays in the districtual championship, and in the 1946-47 season in the Second Division when it succeeds to promote for the third time in history in the First League. Team used: Ivan - Belesnay, Neagu (Kocsis) - Comănescu, Morava, Aştilean - Bădin, Antonescu, Georgescu, Maliţa, Palfi. The experience is brief, they relegate once again, and with this, the club disappears.
Honours.
Liga I:
Liga II:

</doc>
<doc id="19891140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891140" title="Johan Randulf Rogge">
Johan Randulf Rogge

Johan Randulf Rogge (16 June 1859 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Coalition Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907, representing the constituency Nygaard in Bergen. He worked as a merchant there, and was a member of Bergen city council for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="19891152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891152" title="Coplan Saves His Skin">
Coplan Saves His Skin

Coplan Saves His Skin () is a 1968 French Francis Coplan spy film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Claudio Brook. 

</doc>
<doc id="19891169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891169" title="Institute for Economic Competitiveness">
Institute for Economic Competitiveness

The UCF Institute for Economic Competitiveness (IEC) is an economic research institute of the College of Business Administration at the University of Central Florida located in Orlando, Florida, USA. The director of the institute is Sean Snaith, Ph.D.
The Institute for Economic Competitiveness was created to foster a relationship and forum among academia, business, and government, and aims to expand public understanding by convening business leaders, scholars, policy makers, civic groups and media to discuss critical issues. The Institute publishes economic forecasts every quarter and provides analysis of the economic impact of current events, such as the 2008 recession and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Operations and Faculty.
Mission Statement.
"The Institute for Economic Competitiveness strives to provide complete, accurate, and timely national, state, and regional forecasts and economic analyses. Through these analyses, the Institute provides valuable resources to the public and private sectors for informed decision making." 
Faculty.
Sean Snaith, Ph.D., is the director of the Institute for Economic Competitiveness within the College of Business Administration at the University of Central Florida and a widely recognized economist in the field of business and economic forecasting.
As an award-winning forecaster, researcher and professor, Snaith is always interested in applying academic expertise to solving real-world problems. Snaith has served as a consultant for a client list ranging from local and regional municipalities to multi-national corporations, such as Compaq, Dell and IBM. He has held teaching positions at Pennsylvania State University, American University in Cairo, University of North Dakota and University of the Pacific.
Snaith frequently appears in national and regional media and is a sought-after speaker. He has been quoted in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and CNNMoney.com and has appeared on CNBC, Fox Business Network and Business News Network, based in Toronto.
Known for his engaging presentations, Snaith was described by one business editor as “(having) an uncanny knack of making economics not only understandable but interesting.” 
Snaith is a member of several economic organizations and national economic forecasting panels including The Wall Street Journal's Economic Forecasting Survey, USA Today's Survey of Top Economists, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia's Survey of Professional Forecasters, Bloomberg, Reuters and the Livingston Survey.
In 2007, he was named California’s most accurate forecaster by the Western Blue Chip Consensus Forecast, besting UCLA, Wells Fargo and other esteemed forecasting groups.
Snaith holds a B.S. in Economics from Allegheny College and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Economics from Pennsylvania State University.
Bloomberg News named the Institute's director, Dr. Sean Snaith, as one of the country's most accurate economic forecasters in 2008. He was one of two academic economists making the list, which appeared in the December issue of Bloomberg Markets, according to UCF News release. Snaith is named in the top five for his accurate predictions about the Federal Reserve's benchmark interest rate, the Federal Funds rate.
Snaith is also the host of “Money Talk$ America,” a show produced by UCF TV, which aims to break down complex issues into digestible news about subjects as diverse as interest rates, the job market and the cost of food.
Economic Forecasts and Research.
New economic forecasts are produced and distributed by the Institute every quarter. Each edition provides updated economic information that is vital to the academic, government and business communities. The Institute serves as a single point of contact between commerce and government with economic information resources.
Each year the Institute releases multiple economic reports, with the reports falling into two overall categories. One forecast focuses on the United States and the other focuses on the Florida and its metropolitan areas. U.S. Forecast includes analysis and predictions on GDP, consumer spending, government spending, investments, net exports and unemployment. Forecast information has been featured in the USA Today Survey of Top Economists, Livingston Survey, Survey of Professional Forecasters, Reuters, and Bloomberg monthly surveys. In addition to the U.S. Forecast, the institute prepares a comprehensive, quarterly forecast of the Florida economy and 12 metropolitan areas. Metropolitan areas covered by the forecast include: Pensacola, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, Gainesville, Ocala, Deltona-Daytona Beach, Tampa-St. Petersburg, Lakeland, Orlando-Kissimmee, Palm Bay-Melbourne, Naples-Marco Island, and Miami-Fort Lauderdale.
Research in the Media.
University and Institute research has appeared in the New York Times, Forbes, U.S. News & World Report, Parenting Magazine and on ABC World News, CBS Evening News and National Public Radio. In addition, the Institute's director and forecasts have appeared on national television, including CNN and MSNBC, and have been included in notable publications, such as Reuters, Bloomberg BusinessWeek, The Miami Herald, and The Palm Beach Post.
Latest Forecasts.
Florida & Metro Forecast December 2012.
Florida & Metro Forecast December 2012
A comprehensive, quarterly forecast of the Florida economy and 12 metropolitan areas. Metropolitan areas covered by the forecast include: Pensacola, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, Gainesville, Ocala, Deltona-Daytona Beach, Tampa-St. Petersburg, Lakeland, Orlando-Kissimmee, Palm Bay-Melbourne, Naples-Marco Island, and Miami-Fort Lauderdale.
U.S. Forecast March 2013.
U.S. Forecast March 2013
A new economic forecast is produced and distributed by the Institute every quarter. Each edition provides updated economic information that is vital to the academic, government, and business communities. Information from the forecast is included in exclusive panels including the USA Today Survey of Top Economists, Livingston Survey, Survey of Professional Forecasters, Reuters, and Bloomberg monthly surveys.
Special Projects.
Metro Orlando Cleantech Report - October 2009.
Metro Orlando Cleantech Report - October 2009
Commissioned by Orange County Mayor Richard T. Crotty, this study assesses Metro Orlando’s Assets, Capabilities, and Potential in the cleantech industry. In this report, the Institute highlights the evolution of the cleantech industry, and studies the six major cleantech areas of opportunity for the region, based on the Institute's research. The report also highlights the existing cleantech clusters and initiatives; Metro Orlando’s current strengths, including its natural resources, educational institutions, supporting organizations; the Metro Orlando cleantech industry; its potential for growth, including the region’s economic strengths, the leadership, its R&D capabilities, and its strong technology base. Finally, the report shares the findings of the survey and makes recommendations on the best course of action in the near or medium future, including the policies that could benefit the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19891177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891177" title="Chindia Târgovişte">
Chindia Târgovişte

May refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891184" title="Beinn Udlamain">
Beinn Udlamain

Beinn Udlamain is a Scottish mountain which stands just to the west of the summit of the Pass of Drumochter and east of Loch Ericht, some 30 km west-northwest of the village of Blair Atholl. The mountain’s summit stands on the border between the Highland and Perth and Kinross council areas.
Overview.
At 1011 metres (3317 feet) Beinn Udlamain qualifies as a Munro and a Marilyn. It is the highest of the Drumochter hills, however it is not the most eye catching of the group, being flat topped and shielded from a clear view from the A9 road by the surrounding Munros of Sgairneach Mhòr and A' Mharconaich. The best view of the mountain can be obtained from the other hills around Coire Dhomhain. The most common interpretation of the mountain’s name from the Gaelic language is “Gloomy Mountain” which comes from the word Ùdlaidh which means gloomy but can also mean secluded. Other explanations of the name put forward by mountain writers are “hill of the unsteady place” and “hill of the shaking”.
Geography.
Beinn Udlamain has a long north-south orientated summit ridge which stays above the 970 metre contour for over 1.5 kilometres. This ridge continues to the south to a col with a height of 809 metres which links to the adjacent Munro of Sgairneach Mhòr. In the opposite direction this ridge swings NE to link to A' Mharconaich which lies three km distant. Beinn Udlamain’s slopes consist mostly of grass and heather with very little rock but they do drop steeply to the west towards Loch Ericht and to the east to the valley of the Allt Coire Dhomhain. On the northern side of the mountain are two grassy corries, the Glas-choire and the Fraoch-choire, which both drain NW into Loch Ericht. The mountain is crossed by an ancient line of iron fence posts which mark the old boundary between Perthshire and Invernesshire, this can be an aid to navigation in poor visibility. 
The rolling topography of Beinn Udlamain and its adjoining peaks make it ideal ski touring country. The ski circuit of A' Mharconaich, Beinn Udlamain and Sgairneach Mhor is a classic route made popular by the close accessibility of the A9 road and the fact that the hills hold snow very well. Drainage from Beinn Udlamain goes to the east coast of Scotland either via Loch Ericht or the Allt Coire Dhomhain, both routes eventually join the River Tay.
Ascents and view.
Beinn Udlamain is invariably ascended from the A9 road from near the summit of the Drumochter Pass at grid reference , which gives a starting altitude of 462 metres. From here the direct ascent goes up Coire Dhomhain to its head where the south ridge of the mountain can be followed to the summit. A complete round of all the peaks around Coire Dhomhain can be done from this starting point, including the two already mentioned Munros and the Corbett The Sow of Atholl. The summit of the mountain is marked by a large cairn and wind shelter. The highlight of the view from the summit is to the SW where there is a fine view of a long stretch of Loch Ericht with the Ben Alder massif behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19891186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891186" title="Hector Gooderham">
Hector Gooderham

The Very Reverend Hector Bransby Gooderham was an eminent Episcopalian priest in the third quarter of the 20th Century.
He was born on 11 October 1901 and educated at George Heriot's School, Edinburgh and the City's University. He was ordained in 1924 and began his career with a curacy at St. Mary's Cathedral, Glasgow after which he was appointed Rector of St John's, Selkirk. Subsequently the incumbent at St Baldred's, North Berwick he was appointed Provost of St Mary’s Cathedral, Edinburgh in 1949, a post he was to hold until 1956. His last appointment before retirement was at St Peter's, Cranley Gardens and he died on 30 December 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19891192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891192" title="Foresta Fălticeni">
Foresta Fălticeni

Foresta Fălticeni was a Romanian professional football club from Fălticeni, Suceava County, Romania, founded in 1954 and dissolved in 2003.
History.
The club was founded in 1954 in Fălticeni under the name of "Avântul Fălticeni".
Foresta played one Romanian Cup final against Steaua Bucureşti at the end of the 1966–67 season, but lost 0-6.
In 1997, the club was moved to Suceava after it won the promotion to the Divizia A for the first time in history. Another reason for the move was, that the main team in the city, CSM Suceava had failed to achieve any notable performances during the previous decade.
During the 3 seasons it spent in the Divizia A, a notable match was played against Dinamo Bucureşti in which Dinamo was leading with 4-0 in the 70th minute, only to see Foresta turn the tables on them and win 5-4 in the end. The man of those 20 minutes was Robert Niţă who scored 2 goals. 
Before it was dissolved in 2003 it moved back to Fălticeni to play the last matches in its history there.
Name timeline: Avântul Fălticeni (1954–1956), Recolta Fălticeni (1956), Energia Fălticeni (1957), Chimia Fălticeni (1982–1988); NC Foresta Suceava (1997–2002); Foresta Fălticeni (1957–1982, 1988–1997, 2003)
Honours.
Liga I:
Liga II:
Liga III:
Romanian Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="19891195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891195" title="Washington Goode">
Washington Goode

Washington Goode (1820–1849) was an African American sailor who was hanged for murder in Boston in May 1849. His case was the subject of considerable attention by those opposed to the death penalty, resulting in over 24,000 signatures on petitions for clemency to Massachusetts governor, George N. Briggs. His trial was presided over by Justice Lemuel Shaw who the following year would sentence Professor John White Webster to death for the murder of Harvard Medical School benefactor, Dr. George Parkman, another trial that would capture Boston's imagination and blur the lines of distinction between opponents and advocates of capital punishment. Goode's trial was reported widely in the newspapers, including the "Tioga Eagle" of June 13, 1849, published in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania, which carried a brief notice of his hanging:
"Washington Goode,a colored man, was hung
at Boston on Friday, for the murder of Thomas
Harding. He made a desperate attempt the
night previous to commit suicide by cutting the
veins of his arm with glass, and swallowing tobacco
and tarred rope. Goode was only 20 
years of age, and was with General Taylor
through all the Florida War. He protested
his innocence to the last."
Life.
Washington Goode was born in 1820 in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania. He lived for a time in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. Goode reportedly fought for General Zachary Taylor who would eventually become the twelfth president of the United States in the Florida war. There is some discrepancy to the date and place of Goode's birth. While Goode claimed to have been born in Pennsylvania, his uncle George Myres claimed that Goode was born in Baltimore, Maryland and was 28 years of age in 1849 which would have made his birth year 1821. His uncle also claimed that 15 year old Washington accompanied him to Boston in 1836 and after settling among the city's small black population, began working as a servant on board ships that sailed from Boston. Myers rarely saw his nephew while he was in port in Boston as Goode preferred to hang out in the North End section of Boston known as the "Black Sea".
By 1848, Goode was a seaman who had reportedly served as second cook on board the steamer William J. Pease and also as a cook aboard the barque Nancoockee. While in port in Boston, it was known that Goode was friends with Mary Ann Williams who he considered to be his girlfriend although she was married. At the same time, another black seaman, Thomas Harding was friends with Williams and also considered her to be his girlfriend. On the night of Wednesday, June 28, 1848, an argument broke out between Thomas Harding and Washington Goode regarding a handkerchief that Harding had given to Williams. Sometime thereafter, Thomas Harding was dead of a blow to the head and a knife wound between the ribs. Washington Goode was promptly arrested for the murder of his fellow seaman.
Trial.
Washington Goode's trial began on January 1, 1849. As it was a capital case, it was tried before the Supreme Judicial Court presided over by Chief Justice Lemuel Shaw, one of the most influential jurists in nineteenth-century America. The evidence used by District Attorney Samuel D. Parker to build his case against Goode was largely cirmcumstantial. Although no one saw Goode crack Harding's skull or stab him between the ribs, several witnesses at the trial testified that they saw a person fitting Goode's description in the area of the crime. Also, when he was arrested Goode had in his possession a knife whose blade measured ten or eleven inches. Harding's stab wound was measured at nine inches deep. Goode was defended by two young distinguished attorneys, William Aspinwall (who had not previously defended a capital case) while Edgar F. Hodges assisted Aspinwall. The two attorneys argued that their client was innocent, denouncing the testimony of the prosecution's witnesses and casting doubt on the circumstantial evidence presented by Samuel Parker. In his closing argument, Hodges began to discuss the inappropriateness of capital punishment in Massachusetts when Parker objected and was told by Chief Justice Shaw that he was out of order to discuss the appropriateness of justice of the death penalty. The jury deliberated for only thirty-five minutes before finding Goode guilty of murder and on January 15, 1849 he was sentenced to death by Chief Justice Shaw. He was to be hanged on May 25, 1849.
Debate over capital punishment and petitions for clemency.
Goode's case came about in the midst of a national debate over capital punishment and served as a rallying point for Boston's opponents of the death penalty who hoped to save Goode from the gallows. By most accounts, the community's opposition to the death penalty was solid and widespread. Meetings were held in several Massachusetts cities and towns in support of Washington Goode with a committee being appointed by the Massachusetts Society for the Abolition of Capital Punishment to advocate on his behalf. Those volunteering to serve on the committee included his attorneys Aspinwall and Hodges, as well as Wendell Phillips, Charles Spear, Walter Channing, Samuel May, Robert Rantoul, Jr., Ellis Gray Loring, James Freeman Clarke, Frederick Douglass, and other politicians, ministers and reformers. One such meeting was chaired by Amasa Walker and took place on Good Friday April 6, 1849 at the Tremont Temple. Attendees of the meeting were addressed by several prominent figures of the time including Reverend William H. Channing, Wendell Phillips and Reverend James Freeman Clarke. Each speaker implored attendees of the meeting to sign a petition to have Goode's death sentence commuted on the grounds that society, by its neglect, prejudice, and injustice, had in fact made Goode into a murderer and was now using him as an example. 
While others who had been given the same sentence had already been pardoned, Goode's sentence was still scheduled to be carried out even though the evidence presented against him was not clear and conclusive. Committee meetings were held in all the principal towns throughout the state to collect signatures from those who opposed Goode's impending execution. More than twenty four thousand signatures were obtained. In all, 130 petitions from Massachusetts communities were compiled. 
One such document entitled the "Protest of 400 inhabitants of Concord against the execution of Washington Goode" is being preserved in the materials of the Thoreau Institute at Walden Woods [http://www.walden.org/institute/thoreauupdate/thoreauupdate2005spring.htm] as a document of vital historical interest in the history of human rights. In the effort to save Washington Goode from execution, 400 citizens of Concord, Massachusetts-including Henry David Thoreau, two of his sisters-Sophia Thoreau and Helen D. Thoreau, his mother-Cynthia D. Thoreau as well as Ralph Waldo Emerson signed the petition now known as the "Protest of 400...against the execution of Washington Goode."
William Lloyd Garrison editor of "The Liberator" also became involved in the debate over the commutation of Goode's death sentence. In "The Liberator" Garrison argued that the verdict relied on "circumstantial evidence of the most flimsy character..." and feared that the determination of the government to uphold its decision to execute Goode was based on race. As all other death sentences since 1836 in Boston had been commuted, Garrison concluded that Goode would be the last person executed in Boston for a capital offense writing, "Let it not be said that the last man Massachusetts bore to hang was a colored man!" Parker Pillsbury also used the pages of a prominent newspaper, the Semi-Weekly Republican as well as "The Liberator" to plead for commutation of Goode's sentence. The activists involved in the protest relied heavily on the question of race to play a large role in saving Goode from the gallows. Through his case, reformers not only sought to express their opposition to the death penalty but also to racism.
Despite the powerful and numerous appeals to spare Goode's life including an application by his counsel to commute his sentence, Governor George N. Briggs adamantly refused to commute Goode's death sentence. Washington Goode's execution marked a turning point in the early nineteenth-century campaign to abolish the death penalty in Massachusetts. Since no person had been hanged in Boston since 1836, those opposed to the death penalty thought this showed a shift in the public's attitude away from capital punishment. However, Goode was to be hanged as scheduled on May 25. Distressed and disappointed reformers concluded that Goode was to be executed due to racial prejudice and orthodox religion.
Hanging.
In the days before the scheduled hanging, Goode repeatedly professed his innocence to the clergymen who entered his prison cell. On the night before the hanging, Goode attempted suicide by swallowing large pieces of tobacco and paper and slashing the veins in his arms with a piece of glass. When the prison guards entered his cell, he had already lost a considerable amount of blood. However, the prison doctor stopped the bleeding thus saving his life so that he could suffer a more terrible death the next day. Exhausted and weakened by the loss of blood, Goode was carried to the gallows at 9:30am on May 25, by prison guards who had strapped him to a chair. A large crowd had gathered in the rain to watch the gruesome event that took place inside the walls of the Leverett Street Jail. At 9:45am Goode was placed still strapped to the chair on the platform over the drop, the sheriff placed a white hood over his head and the rope was adjusted around his neck. The sheriff then read the warrant signed by the Governor after which the trap door sprang open and Goode plunged several feet. Twenty-five minutes later, doctors examined the body and pronounced him dead. His body was then turned over to his uncle George Myres who took his body back to his house to prepare for the funeral. Perhaps as a testament to their continued opposition to the death penalty, over one thousand people paraded through the tenement where Goode's body laid, escorting it to the South Burying Ground where it was laid to rest in one of the city's tombs.

</doc>
<doc id="19891205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891205" title="Magne Johnsen Rongved">
Magne Johnsen Rongved

Magne Johnsen Rognved (27 June 1858 - 28 October 1933) was a Norwegian politician for the Moderate Liberal Party and the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1904, representing the constituency of Søndre Bergenhus Amt. He had served as a deputy representative during the term 1900–1903, and returned as a deputy in 1913–1915. He represented the Moderate Liberal Party in the first two terms.
Born in Haus, Rongved first had a career in the military before returning to his home island in 1909 to serve as police sergeant in Hammer. Besides this, he worked as a farmer. He was mayor of Haus for twelve years.
He married three times.

</doc>
<doc id="19891220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891220" title="Dogs in Mesoamerican folklore and myth">
Dogs in Mesoamerican folklore and myth

Dogs have occupied a powerful place in Mesoamerican folklore and myth since at least the Classic Period right through to modern times. A common belief across the Mesoamerican region is that a dog carries the newly deceased across a body of water in the afterlife. Dogs appear in underworld scenes painted on Maya pottery dating to the Classic Period and even earlier than this, in the Preclassic, the Chupicaro buried dogs with the dead. In the great Classic Period metropolis of Teotihuacan, 14 human bodies were deposited in a cave, most of them children, together with the bodies of three dogs to guide them on their path to the underworld.
In many versions of the 20-day cycle of the Mesoamerican calendar, the tenth day bears the name dog. This is "itzcuintli" in Nahuatl, the language of the Aztecs, "tz'i in the K'iche' Maya language and "oc" in Yucatec Maya. Among the Mixtecs, the tenth day was taken by the coyote, "ua".
The Maya.
Maya burials from the Classic Period are frequently found with associated animal remains, often dogs. For example, in the ruins of the Classic Maya city of Kaminaljuyu in Guatemala, a dog was found interred with a sitting skeleton, along with grave goods offered to the deceased. The frequent finds of dog skeletons in Classic Maya burials confirms that the belief that dogs guided the souls of the departed on their journey into the underworld already existed at this time.
The dog is sometimes depicted carrying a torch in the surviving Maya codices, which may be a reference to the Maya tradition that the dog brought fire to mankind.
In the Postclassic Popul Vuh of the K'iche' Maya of highland Guatemala, dogs and turkeys killed the people of the second age in retaliation for the people beating them. The people who escaped this fate were transformed into monkeys.
The Aztecs and their contemporaries.
In Aztec mythology, the Fourth Sun disappeared in a great flood. A man and a woman survived inside a log and were washed up upon a beach, where they promptly built a fire and roasted some fish. The smoke from the fire upset the stars Citlallatonac and Citlalicue, angering the great god Tezcatlipoca. In his fury, he severed their heads and stitched them onto their rears, creating the first dogs.
Among the Aztecs, the god Xolotl was a monstrous dog. During the creation of the Fifth Sun, Xolotl was hunted by Death and escaped him by transforming himself first into a sprout of maize, then into maguey leaves and finally as a salamander in a pool of water.The third time that Death found Xolotl, he trapped and killed him. Three important foodstuffs were produced from the body of this mythological dog. Mictlantecuhtli, Lord of the Dead, had the bones of man in the underworld, kept over from the previous creations. Xolotl descended to the underworld to steal these bones so that man could be reborn in the new creation of the Fifth Sun. Xolotl managed to recover the bones and brought man to life by piercing his penis and bleeding upon them. Xolotl was seen as an incarnation of the planet Venus as the Evening Star (the Morning Star was his twin brother Quetzalcoatl). Xolotl was the canine companion of the Sun, following its path through both the sky and the underworld. Xolotl's strong connection with the underworld, death and the dead is demonstrated by the symbols he bore. In the Codex Borbonicus Xolotl is pictured with a knife in his mouth, a symbol of death, and has black wavy hair like the hair worn by the gods of death.
The fourteenth 13-day period of the "tonalpohualli" ritual calendar started with the day "ce itzcuintli" (1-dog) and people, especially rulers, were fated to be especially lucky if born on this day. The tenth day of the "xiuhpohualli" 20-day agricultural calendar, "itzcuintli" (dog), was governed by Mictlantecuhtli, the grim lord of the dead. In the Postclassic, when an Aztec commoner died he had to pass through each of the nine levels of Mictlan, the underworld. Mictlan was only reached after four years of wandering, accompanied by a dog that had been cremated with the deceased. The first level of Mictlan was called Apanoayan ("where one crosses the river"), this place was also known as Itzcuintlan ("the Place of Dogs") because of the many dogs that roamed the near shore. A dog that recognised its former owner would carry him across the river on its back. In some accounts, the dogs on the shore act differently according to their colour, yellow dogs would carry the soul of the deceased across the river, while white dogs refuse because they have just washed themselves and black dogs refuse because either they have just swum the river or because they are dirty.
In Aztec folklore, the "ahuizotl" was a dog-like water monster with a hand on the end of its coiled tail. It was said to dwell underwater near river banks and would drag the unwary to a watery death. The victim's soul would be carried off to Tlalocan, one of the three Aztec paradises. A similar belief existed among the neighbouring Tarascans, their dog-god was called Uitzimengari and he saved the souls of drowned people by carrying them across to the Land of the Dead.
Modern folklore.
In modern times, the Chinantecs and Mixes of Oaxaca believe that a black dog will help the newly dead to cross a body of water, either a river or a sea, to the land of the dead. The Huitzilan believe that a dog carries the dead across the water to reach the underworld home of the Devil.
Across much of Mexico, evil sorcerers are believed to be able to transform themselves into a black dog in order to prey upon the livestock of their neighbours. In the states of central Mexico (such as Oaxaca, Tlaxcala and Veracruz) such a sorcerer is known as a nahual, in the Yucatan Peninsula they go by the name of "huay chivo". Another supernatural dog in the folklore of Yucatan is the "huay pek" (witch-dog in Yucatec Maya), an enormous phantom black dog that attacks anybody that it meets and is said to be an incarnation of the Kakasbal, an evil spirit. 
A folktale from Tlaxcala tells how some hunters saw an enormous black dog one night and decided to capture and keep it. It fled at their approach, so one hunter shot at it, wounding it in one leg. Following the blood trail they came to a richly furnished peasant hut, whose owner was tending a wound in his leg. They gave up the chase and headed for the nearest village, where the locals told them that the peasant had been a "nahual" who could transform into a dog to steal riches.
The Tzeltal and Tzotzil Maya of highland Chiapas in Mexico say that a white dog mated with Eve in the Third Creation, producing Ladinos, while a yellow dog fathered the indigenous peoples.
A Jakaltek tale from the Guatemalan Highlands relates how the first dog witnessed the creation of the world and ran everywhere telling everyone the secrets of creation. Hunab' Kuh, the Creator-God, was furious and swapped the dog's head for its tail and its tail for its head. Now, whenever a dog wants to talk and give away its secrets, it cannot speak, instead it may only wag its tail.

</doc>
<doc id="19891236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891236" title="Andreas Thidemand Carlsen Ruud">
Andreas Thidemand Carlsen Ruud

Andreas Thidemand Carlsen Ruud (28 July 1857 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the terms 1900–1903 and 1904–1906, representing the constituency of Drammen.
Born in Sande, he worked in Drammen as a molder. He was a member of Drammen city council from 1901 to 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19891241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891241" title="Nike (name)">
Nike (name)

Nike is a family name and feminine given name found in various cultures, deriving from Greek νίκη ("nikē"), "victory". 
It is sometimes traceable to Nike, the Greek goddess of victory, which is also present in the more frequently-occurring names Nicholas and Nicole.
In the case of people of Nigerian heritage, Nike is an element of Yoruba names signifying "cherished".

</doc>
<doc id="19891242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891242" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Christmas Island">
Postage stamps and postal history of Christmas Island

The postage stamps and postal history of Christmas Island, in the Indian Ocean, was linked to its original economic situation until 1993. Mainly ruled by a phosphate production commission, the island was part of the British Strait Settlements colony from 1901 to 1942, then of Singapore from 1946 to 1958. Although it was placed under Australian control in 1958, the island remained postally and philatelically independent until 1993 when Australia Post became the island's postal operator.
The island issued its own postage stamps from 1958. Those issued by Australia Post since 1993 are also valid in Australia, as are Australian stamps in Christmas Island.
According to the Stanley Gibbons stamp catalogue, 32 stamps were issued when postal responsibility was exercised by the Phosphate Commission between 1958 and 1969, and 335 under the responsibility of the Christmas Island Administration between 1969 and 1993. From March 1993 to February 2003, during its ten first years of postal responsibility, Australia Post issued 153 stamps for Christmas Island.
Linked to the Straits Settlements.
Christmas Island was annexed by the United Kingdom in 1888 and exploited by the Christmas Island Phosphate Company since 1899 with European employees and Malayan and Chinese workers. A post agency was opened in 1901, managed by the District Officer, the representative of the Straits Settlements colony on the island. The agency sold stamps of this colony, figuring the British monarch.
Mail travelled between Christmas Island and Singapore with cargo and migrant workers by the ships commanded by the company. Most of the small amount of mail was sent and received by the European part of the population.
During World War II, the Japanese forces invaded the island on 31 March 1942. After the British forces liberated Christmas Island, British Military Administration overprinted stamps of Malaya were in use in the island. The civil postal agency was reopened by the end of 1946.
After these events, the local postal system followed the political changes in British Malaya. Administratively linked to Singapore in April 1946, Christmas Island received this colony's stamps in 1948, but the mail was transported by the Pan Malayan Postal Union.
Postal independence under Australian administration.
1958-1959 transition.
While Singapore prepared its accession to self-government, the United Kingdom decided to transfer Christmas Island administration to Australia, a country which had been controlling along with New Zealand the phosphate company, the British Phosphate Commission, since 1948. The Australian Christmas Island Act accepted the continuity of the Singapore legal system in the island, including the postal system. The Malayan dollar remained the currency because of the needs of South-East Asian workers. Consequently, the island's postal system was independent from Australia's and placed under the responsibility of the Christmas Island Phosphate Commission. Inhabitants could collect their mail at the post office in Flying Fish Cove. For outgoing mail, specific postage stamps would be issued even if the Australian Department of Territories asked the Australian post office to produce them. Postal rates remained those of Singapore, placing this State inside the interior rate zone of Christmas Island.
However, two modifications were made on the Singapore postal system in Christmas Island: the airmail postage rate to Australia was reduced and Australian cancelling stamps were sent in 1958 with the designation: "CHRISTMAS ISLAND / INDIAN OCEAN / AUST".
The first philatelic issue was released on 15 October 1958. It was an adaptation of Australia's 1 shilling 7 pence stamp of March 1955, using a "bas-relief" profile of Queen Elizabeth II by W.L. Bowles with floral ornament. The design by F.D. Manley was reshaped by engraver G. Lissenden to include a black "CHRISTMAS ISLAND" and encircled value in Malayan dollars overprint. The face values and part of the chosen colours were inspired by the last definitive stamps of Singapore in use in Christmas Island. Stamps were printed in recess for the effigy and the word "Australia" and in typography for the overprint by the Note Printing Branch of the Commonwealth Bank in Melbourne. The philatelic office in Melbourne, in charge of the Australian Territories stamp sales, delivered one hundred stamp sheets to the Phosphate Commission which expedited them to the island by ship sailing from Fremantle. The same royal effigy served for the registered postal stationery issued on 18 May 1959.
Under the Phosphate Commission's postal responsibility.
The first stamps were viewed as a temporary issue, but it took five years to produce the next series. Under supervision of the Department of Territories, the Stamp Advisory Committee and representatives of the island, the Australian Post Office and Note Printing Branch's artists and printers worked on the project from photographs taken on the island presenting its flora, fauna and mining industry. Finally, ten stamps were scheduled, drawn and engraved by G. Lissenden, Peter Morris and Bruce Stewart. They were issued on 28 August 1963.
Two years later, the island participated in the omnibus issue for the 50th anniversary of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps landing in Gallipoli during World War I.
These two issues bore the designation "CHRISTMAS ISLAND" without any reference to Australia like the new cancelling datestamps on which the "AUST" abbreviation disappeared. Nonetheless, on 6 May 1968, the monetary and postal systems of Christmas Island were brought closer to the Australian ones: the Malayan dollar was replaced by the Australian dollar and the Australian Post and Telegraphs Act came into force. Local adaptations remained possible, like the localisation in Western Australia of Christmas Island to calculate the postal rates, and the special low rate for letters to Malaysia and Singapore.
A third definitive issue was released on 6 May 1968 too, depicting Indian Ocean fish. This zoological topic was proposed as early as 1966 by the Christmas Island representatives for the second series, who approved artist George Hamori's designs. But the twelve stamps were not issued until 1968 in order to coincide with the monetary change. The designation "CHRISTMAS ISLAND / INDIAN OCEAN" appeared for the first time on these 1968 stamps and remained in use until 1993.
Under the local administration's responsibility.
On 1 February 1969, postal responsibility on the island was transmitted by the Phosphate Commission to the Christmas Island Administration. It quickly created a philatelic office and in 1971 chose an agent for sale in the rest of the world, the Crown Agents. The stamp program was then decided locally, produced with the Agents' expertise and printed by specialised printers in Europe, and in Australia starting in the late 1980s.
The philatelic program did not surpass four issues per year. The major topics were local: fauna and flora, local history (political, economical and daily life). Christmas became an annual topic from the 1970s due to the name of the island, with some gaps around 1990: the seasonal issue was replaced by minisheets announcing international philatelic exhibitions.
Mail was moved by the ships exporting phosphate to Australia or the liners to Singapore. In June 1974, the mail transportation took advantage of the establishment of new regular air services between the island, Perth and Singapore.
Australian postal territory.
At the beginning of the 1990s, Australia decided to impose full Australian legislation to Christmas Island. In postal matters, starting 2 March 1993, Australia Post became the postal operator of the island and responsible for its philatelic program. Consequently, Christmas Island stamps issued after March 1993 were usable in Australia, and Australian stamps in Christmas Island.
On 4 March 1993 the first five Australia Post stamps were issued with a new designation: "CHRISTMAS ISLAND / AUSTRALIA". The philatelic program topics remained limited. Australia Post promised three issues per year: a Christmas stamp that was issued every two years during the 2000s, a Chinese New Year stamp since 1995 (later a twelve stamp issue after 2002) and one issue on local life.

</doc>
<doc id="19891259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891259" title="Ladies Love Brutes">
Ladies Love Brutes

Ladies Love Brutes is a 1930 American motion picture starring George Bancroft, Mary Astor, and Fredric March. The film was directed by Rowland V. Lee and based on the play "Pardon My Glove" by Zoë Akins.

</doc>
<doc id="19891260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891260" title="RML 6.3-inch howitzer">
RML 6.3-inch howitzer

The RML 6.3-inch howitzer was a British rifled muzzle-loading "siege" or "position" howitzer/mortar proposed in 1874 and finally introduced in 1878 as a lighter version of the successful 8-inch howitzer that could be carried by the existing 40-pounder gun carriage.
By 1880 the RML 6.3-inch was superseded by a longer 6.6-inch howitzer with higher muzzle velocity.
Description.
The barrel consisted of an inner "A" tube of toughened mild steel, surrounded by wrought-iron "B" tube and jacket.
Rifling was of the "polygroove" type, with 20 grooves and a twist increasing from 1 turn in 100 calibres (i.e. 630 inches) to 1 in 35 (i.e. 220 inches). 
Second Boer War.
A number of RML 6.3-inch howitzers were used by the British forces during the Second Boer War, normally mounted on 40 pr RML carriages.
Ammunition.
The gun was the first British rifled muzzle-loader to dispense entirely with studs on shells to impart spin : its shells from the beginning had gas checks attached to their base which expanded and engaged with rifling on firing to impart spin to the shell.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19891278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891278" title="Elle Evans">
Elle Evans

Elle Evans (born Lindsey Gayle Evans on December 9, 1989), is an American model and actress who lives and works in Los Angeles, California. She is most notable for her appearance in Robin Thicke's music video "Blurred Lines" featuring Pharrell Williams, and is one of the faces of NYX Cosmetics.
Early life.
Evans was born in Paris, Texas, and grew up in Blanchard, Louisiana. She graduated from Northwood High School in 2008 and attended Northwestern State University, where she majored in broadcast journalism. Evans completed one semester before leaving to travel the world and then going to Los Angeles to embark on a modeling career.
Evans is a former pageant titleholder who held the Miss Louisiana Teen USA 2008 and competed in the Miss Teen USA 2008 pageant. Prior to winning Miss Louisiana Teen USA on November 10, 2007, she had placed first runner-up in the 2006 competition. Evans was the third runner-up in Miss Teen USA 2008.
Career.
Modeling and acting.
Evans was discovered in 2010 after MMG cast her in a commercial in China. She appeared in the commercial dressed up to look like Marilyn Monroe. It was shot in Beijing and aired all throughout Shanghai, China.
Evans is represented by Selekt Media Management in addition to being signed with Elite Model Management in Miami, Florida. It wasn't until she appeared in Robin Thicke's music video for his 2013 song "Blurred Lines" featuring Pharrell Williams that her career took off. The music video generated over 200 million views and made the "Texas-born model part of a pop culture phenomenon." Shortly after that, Evans was cast in two of Beyoncé's music videos: "Haunted" and "Superpower". Both videos were directed by Jonas Akerlund in 2013.
Evans is one of the faces of NYX Cosmetics and has appeared in Kmart's 2013 national ad campaign "Money Can't Buy Style". She can be seen in high-fashion, avant-garde magazine editorials including "Flower Child" for BISOUS Magazine shot by Benjo Arwas, and on the cover of "FHM France" in 2014. Evans has also modeled for Samuel Bayer. Evans and 15 other models were shot fully nude for Bayer's exhibition "Diptychs & Triptychs". The black-and-white series of 6-foot-tall diptychs and 12-foot-tall triptychs was "to capture beauty in its most vulnerable state,"and was on view at the ACE Gallery in Beverly Hills from March 2013 to April 2013.
In 2013, Evans starred in an AXE Apollo Cologne commercial that aired during the 2013 MTV Movie Awards, and in February 2014 she guest starred in an episode of "Two and a Half Men".
Personal life.
Evans is dating contemporary artist Gregory Siff. She can be seen in his video installation "Kissing, Lying, Crying", and as the model for his collaboration with Project Angel Food and Helmut Lang. In this collaboration Siff hand-painted 21 Helmut Lang tees that Evans modeled both for a photo series and also at the charity event held at Helmut Lang's flagship store in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19891285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891285" title="The Ruthless Four">
The Ruthless Four

The Ruthless Four () is a 1968 Italian Western film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Van Heflin.

</doc>
<doc id="19891286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891286" title="Exit Art">
Exit Art

Exit Art is a non-profit cultural center established in 1982. Located in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, New York City, United States, the two-story gallery exhibits contemporary visual art, installation, video, theater, and performance.
Jeanette Ingberman and Papo Colo founded Exit Art as an alternative exhibition space. Beginning with “Illegal America,” the very first show at Exit Art, and continuing through to today, the gallery has focused on representing the underdog, dedicating shows to the exploration of ideas and people outside the political, social, sexual, and aesthetic mainstreams. Throughout its history, Exit Art has taken on many homes. It was one of the first galleries to move to SoHo, setting up a space in 1982. In 2002, the gallery moved to its current location in Hell’s Kitchen.
The gallery has been lauded for its diverse and daring programming. The 1992 show “Fever” was declared to be one of the ten most important shows of the decade by Peter Plagens from "Newsweek", and the gallery’s 18-year retrospective, The End, won the Association of International Art Critics Award for Best Show in an Alternative Space in 2000.
Artists who have exhibited at Exit Art include Willie Birch, Chakaia Booker, Patty Chang, COOPER, Sue DeBeer, Jimmie Durham, Nicole Eisenman, Inka Essenhigh, Jane Hammond, David Hammons, Tehching Hsieh, Steve Giovinco, Jerry Kearns, Matt Kenyon, Julie Mehretu, Shirin Neshat, Roxy Paine, Adrian Piper, Ursula von Rydingsvard, Juan Sanchez, Rirkrit Tiravanija, Fred Tomaselli, Cecilia Vicuña, Cynthia von Buhler, Krzysztof Wodiczko, David Wojnarowicz, Martin Wong and World War 3 Illustrated.
Exit Art co-founder Jeanette Ingberman died August 24, 2011 from complications of leukemia.

</doc>
<doc id="19891327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891327" title="The Point (radio show)">
The Point (radio show)

The Point was a Canadian radio program, which aired weekday afternoons on CBC Radio One. Hosted by Aamer Haleem, the program presented a mix of current affairs and lifestyle interviews and panel discussions.
Each day's episode also featured two guest "Point People", who participated with Haleem in further discussion on the topics raised by the program's main segments. Point People featured on the show have included journalists Jacqueline Hennessy, Fiona Forbes, Michael Hlinka, Simi Sara and Victor Dwyer, political strategist Tasha Kheiriddin, writers Kevin Patterson and Heather Mallick, and Sarnia mayor Mike Bradley.
"The Point" was cancelled by the CBC after one season as part of cost-cutting measures. Its final show aired on 26 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19891333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891333" title="My Home">
My Home

My Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891375" title="Jacopo Salviati">
Jacopo Salviati

Jacopo Salviati (September 15, 1461 – September 6, 1533), was an Italian politician and son-in-law of Lorenzo de' Medici. He was married to the prestigious Lucrezia de' Medici, daughter of Lorenzo de' Medici, on September 10, 1486, having 10 children. Son of Giovanni Salviati and Maddalena Gondi, he devoted himself in the economic affairs of the family, becoming very wealthy. He then engaged in political life. He was Prior of the Guilds (see Guilds of Florence) in 1499 and 1518, then gonfalonier of Justice in 1514. In 1513, he was appointed ambassador to Rome.
He tried to prevent the Siege of Florence (1529–1530), but without result, and was among the advisers of Pope Clement VII during his meeting with Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor.
In 1531, he was part of the "balìa" of 200 Florentine citizens charged with reforming the republican government.
He died on 6 September 1553.
Children.
His marriage to Lucrezia produced ten children,
Many of Salviati's children held significant political positions throughout Europe or were parents of important people.
Some references.
Lauro Martines, a professor emeritus of European history at UCLA, (U.S.A.), "April Blood: Florence and the Plot against the Medici" , 328 pages, Oxford Univ. Press,(2004), also accessible through Kindle, Publisher: Vintage Digital (January 31, 2011).ISBN 978-1-4391-9389-1, (ebook). Also, ISBN 978-0-19-517609-4
He was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, England. Available in Kindle Edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19891396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891396" title="John Wilson (priest)">
John Wilson (priest)

The Very Reverend John Skinner Wilson (5 January 1849, Fyvie – 11 November 1926, Strathtay) was an eminent Anglican priest in the first quarter of the twentieth century.
John Skinner Wilson was born in 1849 and educated at Trinity College, Glenalmond and St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1873 and was Rector of St George's, Edinburgh after which he was appointed Provost of St Mary’s Cathedral, Edinburgh in 1897, a post he held until he died on 11 November 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19891417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891417" title="EWU–UM Governors Cup">
EWU–UM Governors Cup

The EWU–UM Governors Cup is the annual college football game between the University of Montana Grizzlies and the Eastern Washington University Eagles.
History.
Traditionally, the Governors Cup is a very intense and heated rivalry between these two teams, mainly because the winner of the game usually is in the running to be the champion of the Big Sky Conference.
In the past 7 seasons the winner of the game has gone on to the playoffs. The rivalry between the two teams is so popular that the game has also sold out the past 7 years. The game is usually played in the middle of the regular season, played on the Saturday alternating between Roos Field and Washington-Grizzly Stadium each year. From 1967-2004 (except for 1974), EWU hosted the game at Spokane's Joe Albi Stadium.
The Montana Grizzlies currently lead in the rivalry with 26 wins and 13 losses. There has been only one tie, which occurred in 1984.
Roos Field.
With more than 2,000 bleachers added, record crowds of 11,702 in 2010 and 11,583 in 2006 attended the showdowns with Montana, the most recent match up in 2010 was won by the Eagles. The previous record before 2004 was 6,879 for the Eastern - Idaho game on Oct. 17, 1992, when temporary bleachers were employed in addition to the 5,000 permanent seats. The top 25 attendances at Roos Field have come since the early 1990s, including the top eight in the last three seasons.
On February 26, 2010, ESPN reported that Eastern Washington planned to remove the natural turf at Woodward Field and replace it with red SprinTurf, making it the second Division 1 college football program to have a non-green playing surface (Boise State of the WAC has a blue surface). On May 20, 2010 the Eastern Washington Board of Trustees approved a name change to Roos Field, scheduled for the 2010 season, upon the successful completion of the project.
Washington-Grizzly Stadium.
The stadium is named after construction magnate Dennis Washington, a Montana business pioneer who donated $1 million to finance the stadium's construction in 1985. The stadium has been expanded three times since its opening in 1986, most recently in 2008 with an upper deck expansion of 2,000 seats on the east side.
The original seating capacity in 1986 was 12,500 permanent seats on the sidelines with open grass seating behind the end zones, an approximate capacity of 15,000. Permanent seating for the end zones was installed in 1995, which brought the seating capacity to over 19,000. The most recent expansion in 2008 brought the seating capacity to over 25,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19891426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891426" title="Alegent Health System">
Alegent Health System

Alegent Creighton Health is a non-profit, faith based health organization with headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.
Hospitals.
Alegent Creighton Health is made up of ten acute care hospitals, six of which are located in the Omaha metro area. Bergan Mercy Medical Center, Creighton University Medical Center, Immanuel Medical Center, Lakeside Hospital, Midlands Hospital and Mercy Hospital in neighboring Council Bluffs, Iowa. Alegent Creighton Health has more than 100 sites of service, with over 1,300 physicians on its medical staff and roughly 9,000 employees.
History.
Alegent Creighton Health is sponsored by Catholic Health Initiatives. It was created in 1996, resulting from a long-standing partnership between Immanuel Medical Center and Bergan Mercy Medical Center under the Community Health Vision. Both boards unanimously approved the union. The campuses joined together along with Mercy Hospital in Council Bluffs, Iowa and two regional health partners, Corning and Schuyler, as one health care system while maintaining their own identities and religious affiliations. In 1997, Midlands Hospital joined Alegent Health.

</doc>
<doc id="19891430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891430" title="Ben Addelman">
Ben Addelman

Ben Addelman is a filmmaker from Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He is best known for directing three documentaries: "Discordia", "Bombay Calling" and "Nollywood Babylon". Besides directing, he is known for work as a cinematographer, screenwriter and sound designer. 
Career.
His first film "Discordia" (2004) co-directed with Samir Mallal follows three students during the aftermath of the Netenyahu Incident at Concordia University in Montreal in 2002. 
His second film, "Bombay Calling" (2006) also co-directed with Samir Mallal follows the lives of telemarketers working outsourced jobs in a call center in Bombay (Mumbai), India. Both films were produced by Adam Symansky from the National Film Board of Canada.
His third film, "Nollywood Babylon" (2008) with co-director Samir Mallal, a documentary co-produced with the National Film Board of Canada in association with the Documentary Channel is about the explosive popularity of Nigerian movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19891432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891432" title="The Myspace Transmissions (Thrice EP)">
The Myspace Transmissions (Thrice EP)

The Myxpace Transmissions is a live EP recorded by the post-hardcore/art rock band Thrice. It was released exclusively on iTunes on July 22, 2008. It consists of six songs from The Alchemy Index. Most of the songs are from the Air and Earth discs, except "Lost Continent," which is from the Water disc. All songs were performed and recorded live at Atlantic Sound Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19891447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891447" title="Methyldihydromorphine">
Methyldihydromorphine

Methyldihydromorphine (Dihydroheterocodeine) is a semi-synthetic opioid originally developed in Germany in 1936, controlled under both domestic law and UN conventions because of its possible potential for abuse. Methyldihydromorphine is related to heterocodeine and is not a synonym for dihydrocodeine. Its structure suggests that it is six to nine times stronger than morphine and 72 times stronger than dihydrocodeine.
So far, little is currently known about this compound.

</doc>
<doc id="19891466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891466" title="Caine Black Knife">
Caine Black Knife

Caine Black Knife is a 2008 fantasy novel written by American Science Fiction author Matthew Stover. It is labeled as the third of the "Acts of Caine", and is act one of the "Atonement" story arc. It is published by the Ballantine Books division of Del Rey. This is the third book in "The Acts of Caine" series, following "Heroes Die" and "Blade of Tyshalle".
Setting.
The story takes place on a futuristic Earth, and the parallel dimension world called Overworld. The futuristic Earth is a strictly caste-based society, the reason of which is explained in "Blade of Tyshalle". After the discovery of Overworld, Actors are sent there to entertain Earth's population, by "putting their lives in danger in interesting ways". Overworld is a fantasy world, featuring an array of Tolkien-inspired races, such as primals/feys (elves), stonebenders (dwarves), ogrilloi (lizardmen), ogres, and trolls.
Summary.
The novel is split between the adventure that made Caine a star ("Retreat from the Boedecken") and events in the present day. Both events take place in the same area, and both involve the Ogrillo Black Knife clan who roam the Boedecken Wastes. A twenty-five-year gap separates the two timelines. 
The arc was completed in Caine's Law (earlier working title: "His Father's Fist"), released April 2012.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" gave the novel a somewhat mixed review saying, "Stover has a gift for brutal, detailed action sequences, and Caine is at his most enthralling when he's fighting or discussing tactics, but the high levels of (occasionally creative) profanity and the cliffhanger ending may put off some readers."

</doc>
<doc id="19891472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891472" title="Chemical Heritage Foundation">
Chemical Heritage Foundation

The Chemical Heritage Foundation is an organization in Philadelphia with a library, museum, archive, and conference center, whose purpose is to celebrate, preserve, and advance the study of the history of chemistry. It was founded in 1982 as a joint venture of the American Chemical Society and the University of Pennsylvania, as the Center for the History of Chemistry. Renamed the Chemical Heritage Foundation in 1992, it moved to its current location, 315 Chestnut Street in Old City, in 1996. 
CHF sponsors an exhibit of pioneering and landmark instruments used in scientific research. This exhibit is the result of efforts begun in 1991 by John Ferraro of the Argonne National Laboratory, and Robert Jarnutowski.
History.
The foundation was founded in 1982, and its first home was in several vacant basement rooms on the University of Pennsylvania campus. Its founding president was Arnold Thackray, winner of the Dexter Award in 1983. Thackray was succeeded by Thomas R. Tritton, under whose leadership the history of science museum opened to the public in its present location, and the fellowship program expanded. Following a global search, Carsten Reinhardt, a professor of the history of science from Bielefeld University, Germany, was chosen in August 2013 as President and CEO of the organization.
Collections.
Chemical Heritage Foundation is home to many significant collections relevant to the history of chemistry. 
Fellowships.
CHF offers many fellowships-in-residence, of varying lengths.
Research Travel Grants (1–2 weeks).
The Beckman Center for the History of Chemistry offers travel grants for periods of up to two weeks for research using the primary research materials in CHF’s Othmer Library of Chemical History. Applicants must currently reside more than 75 miles from Philadelphia in order to be eligible.
Alchemy.
As one of the only organizations focusing on the history of chemistry, CHF is particularly interested in art and articles detailing the origins of early science and chemistry. CHF’s varied fine-art holdings have considerable depth in the area of art depicting early modern alchemists. The Fisher Scientific International Collection and the Roy Eddleman Collection contain more than 90 paintings and 200 works on paper that illustrate alchemists' relentless pursuit of the philosophers' stone.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19891477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891477" title="New York State Forests">
New York State Forests

New York State Forests are administered by the Division of Lands and Forests of the Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC). There are four classifications:
The types of State Forest are further described below. They include approximately classified as reforestation areas and approximately classified as multiple use lands. Land within the Adirondack Park or the Catskill Park is not included as part of the State Forest system.
Reforestation Areas.
Lands obtained for reforestation and maintained for watershed protection, the production of timber and other forest products, and for recreation and related purposes. These areas must have at least of contiguous lands that shall be forever devoted to the planting, growth and harvesting of such trees as shall be reforested.
Multiple Use Areas.
Funded by the park and recreation land acquisition bond acts of 1960 and 1962 to provide opportunities for outdoor recreation, including public camping, fishing, hunting, boating, winter sports. Wherever possible, the multiple-use-areas should also serve multiple purposes involving the conservation and development of natural resources, including the preservation of scenic areas, watershed protection, forestry and reforestation.
Unique Areas.
Lands of special natural beauty, wilderness character, geological, ecological or historical significance; the unique areas may include lands within a forest preserve county outside the Adirondack and Catskill Parks.
State Nature and Historic Preserves.
Lands dedicated to the State Nature and Historic Preserve (as referred to in Section 4 of Article XIV of the State Constitution) are declared to be put to their highest, best and most important use for one or more of the following purposes:

</doc>
<doc id="19891479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891479" title="Tommy Smyth (rugby union)">
Tommy Smyth (rugby union)

Dr Tommy Smyth (1 December 1884 - 15 May 1924) was an Irish international, rugby union prop forward who played club rugby for Newport and Malone and invitational rugby with the Barbarians. He won fourteen caps for Ireland and was selected to captain the British Isles 1910 tour of South Africa, and played in two of the test games.
Rugby career.
Smyth first played for Ireland in 1908, in the Home Nations Championship against England at Richmond's Athletic Ground. Although Ireland lost the match 13-3 Smyth was back for the next game of the tournament against Scotland. With the match played at Landsdowne Road, the Irish beat the Scottish team in a game which was notable as the last game for Scotland's David Bedell-Sivright, the British Isle's captain of the 1904 campaign to Australia and New Zealand. Smyth played out the 1909 and 1910 Championships and scored his first international try in the 1910 game against France. Smyth's next and last score for his country was in a 3-0 win at Landsdowne road versus England, when the Harlequin centre Frank Stoop's poor clearing kick led to Smyth scoring the only points of the game when he took the ball over the line for a try.

</doc>
<doc id="19891503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891503" title="Methyldesorphine">
Methyldesorphine

Methyldesorphine is an opioid analgesic. First synthesized in Germany in 1940 and patented in the USA in 1952, it has a high potential for abuse as with any potent opioid agonist, and is sometimes found along with desomorphine as a component of the home-made opioid mixture known as "Krokodil" used in Russia and the neighboring former Soviet republics. It is approximately 15 times more potent than morphine as an analgesic but if the 6-7 bond is saturated, the β isomer is some 50 times more potent than morphine.

</doc>
<doc id="19891506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891506" title="San Antonio Christian Schools">
San Antonio Christian Schools

San Antonio Christian Schools is an independent, non-denominational Christian school San Antonio, TX. It was established in 1972 to provide a Christ-centered, college preparatory education (grades PK-12). It is accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).

</doc>
<doc id="19891511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891511" title="Frankfurt City Link Line">
Frankfurt City Link Line

The Frankfurt City Link Line (, commonly just called the "Verbindungsbahn") in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, emerged in the 19th century as a link line between Frankfurt's western stations at the "Gallustor" and the Frankfurt-Hanau railway in the east of the city. It was an initiative by the government of the Free City of Frankfurt.
On 31 July 1859, services opened on the 6 km long route that, for the most part, followed the northern bank of the river Main. It was initially operated by the Frankfurt-Hanau Railway Company and, from 1872, the Hessian Ludwig Railway Company ("Hessische-Ludwigs-Eisenbahngesellschaft"). Since the annexation of the free city into the Kingdom of Prussia in 1866 the line has remained in the ownership of the city authorities.
To begin with only freight services ran between the stations within the city to the customs house and the harbour. From 1 June 1869 passenger services were also operated, including express trains from Frankfurt's western stations to central Germany. This traffic ended when in 1873 the state-operated Frankfurt–Bebra railway picked up these services on the left bank of the Main.
In 1880 the line was extended by 1.7 km to the west. At that time the Hessian Ludwig Railway ran trains from Frankfurt East station to Limburg along the river Main, where a halt had been built at Fahrtor. Passenger services were withdrawn on 1 April 1913, when the Frankfurt-Hanau railway was linked to Frankfurt South station from the East station via the Deutschherrnbrücke bridge. 
Since then the line has been operated as the Frankfurt Harbour Railway ("Städtische Hafenbahn"). Its importance for the newly developed harbour facilities, industrial estates on the Hanau state highway and Frankfurt's wholesale market, the Grossmarkthalle grew continuously in the period after the Second World War.
When all the bridges over the Main were destroyed in 1945 after the end of the war, the line gained increased importance for transit traffic, because it was the only line for goods services from Frankfurt to the east. Even a modest amount of passenger traffic flourished: the Frankfurt-Königstein branch line ran its trains over the line from 13 July to 30 September 1945 from the Taunus via Frankfurt-Höchst station and Fahrtor to Frankfurt-Mainkur station.
Today there are daily transfers of goods to the Harbour Railway and occasional passenger train specials run by the Historic Railway, Frankfurt ("HEF") with steam and diesel locomotives as well as railcars.

</doc>
<doc id="19891540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891540" title="Rieu">
Rieu

Rieu can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891556" title="Trust Me (TV series)">
Trust Me (TV series)

Trust Me is an American drama series that began airing on TNT on January 26, 2009 at 10 p.m Eastern/ 9 P.M Central. In Canada, "Trust Me" can be seen on Super Channel.
"Trust Me" premiered with 3.4 million viewers.
In March 2009, "Trust Me" moved to Tuesday nights. 
On Friday, April 10, 2009, the New York Times reported that TNT opted out of renewing "Trust Me" for a second season due to low ratings.
Synopsis.
The series revolves around Rothman, Greene, and Moore, a fictional advertising firm. The storylines center on the difficulties of securing accounts and the characters' personal lives.

</doc>
<doc id="19891561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891561" title="Big Spring Country Club">
Big Spring Country Club

Big Spring Country Club is a country club located in an unincorporated part of Jefferson County, Kentucky that is bordered by Louisville and St. Matthews. The club borders borders the Middle Fork of Beargrass Creek and the site of Floyd’s Station, a fort built by John Floyd in 1779. It was named Big Spring because of a “big spring” which once furnished water for pioneer settlers in the area. This spring, located just below the 13th green of our golf course, is still flowing today. 
The club was founded in 1926. The golf course at the club hosted the PGA Championship in 1952, which Jim Turnesa won.

</doc>
<doc id="19891563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891563" title="Codeine methylbromide">
Codeine methylbromide

Codeine methylbromide (Eucodin) is the bromomethane (methylbromide) salt of codeine. Its possession is prohibited in many jurisdictions. It is considered a Schedule I controlled substance in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19891577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891577" title="Modern Asian Studies">
Modern Asian Studies

Modern Asian Studies is a bimonthly academic journal in the field of Asian studies, published by Cambridge University Press.
The journal was established in 1967 by the Syndics of the University of Cambridge and the Committee of Directors of the Institute or Centres of Asian Studies in the universities of London, Cambridge, Hull, Leeds, and Sheffield. "Modern Asian Studies" covers the history, sociology, economics, and culture of modern Asia, including South Asia, South-East Asia, China, Japan, and Korea. The book reviews section offers detailed analysis of important new publications in the field. The current editor-in-chief is Joya Chatterji (University of Cambridge).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 0.250, ranking it 39th out of 60 journals in the category "Area Studies".

</doc>
<doc id="19891580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891580" title="Uncial 0129">
Uncial 0129

Uncial 0129 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1037 (Soden), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Pauline epistles, on two parchment leaves (35 cm by 25.5 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 33 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,11) in Paris.
This manuscript was part of the same codex to which Uncial 0203
and Lectionary 1575 (ℓ "1575") belonged. 0129 and 0203 were classified as uncials manuscripts, but when was discovered that they belonged to the same manuscript as ℓ "1575", it was shown they were parts of the same lectionary. 
Uncial 0203 is located at the British Library in London. ℓ "1575" is located at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek (Pap. K. 16.17) in Vienna.
It is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.

</doc>
<doc id="19891592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891592" title="Anton Johan Rønneberg">
Anton Johan Rønneberg

Anton Johan Rønneberg (6 August 1856 - 10 March 1922) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
Personal life.
He was born in Aalesund to Rasmus Gerhard Rønneberg (1822–1884) and his wife Anna Margrethe Holmboe (1825–1907). He had several brothers and sisters. His mother was a niece of Even Hammer Holmboe, Hans Holmboe and Leonhard Christian Borchgrevink Holmboe, and first cousin of Jens Holmboe. Anton Johan Rønneberg was also a distant relative of Hilmar Martinus Strøm and Walter Scott Dahl. Through his older brother Joakim he was a granduncle of WWII resistance fighters Joachim and Erling Rønneberg.
He married in 1850.
Career.
Rønneberg completed his secondary education in Aalesund in 1874. He studied at the Royal Saxon Polytechnic in Dresden from 1876 to 1880, and then enrolled in law studies, graduating as cand.jur. in 1883.
He found a job in Tvedestrand in 1884, but moved back to Aalesund the next year to work as an attorney. He later became stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged"). He was a member of Aalesund city council from 1888 to 1898, serving as mayor from 1897. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1904–1906, representing the constituency of "Aalesund og Molde".
Rønneberg was also tax commissoner from 1892 to 1894, and from 1896 to 1904 he chaired the commission for development of the Rauma Line. He died in 1922, the Rauma Line finally opening in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19891628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891628" title="Birmingham Country Club">
Birmingham Country Club

Birmingham Country Club

</doc>
<doc id="19891653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891653" title="The Octagon at Amherst College">
The Octagon at Amherst College

The Octagon at Amherst College was the first natural history museum and observatory on campus. Edward Hitchcock (President of Amherst College in 1845) hired Henry A Skyes to build it. It was intended to be unusual, with its elegant dome observatory and the collection of materials ranging from meteorites to animals and fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="19891663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891663" title="Idyllen">
Idyllen

Idyllen ("Idylls"), Op. 95, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1851. It was composed for a "Grand Summer Festival Soiree" in the Vienna Volksgarten, with the composer conducting the Strauss Orchestra in its first performance. The fifth waltz melody of the work incorporates themes from the popular song "O Madchen mein unter'm Hollerstock" ("O maiden mine beneath the rose-tree"). The "Theater Zeitung" commented on the Strauss waltz that "it is most original and displays a multitude of piquant dance rhythms which are instrumented with much spirit and, amidst tumultuous applause from the select and numerous public, had to be played "da capo"."

</doc>
<doc id="19891664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891664" title="Stephen Fry in America">
Stephen Fry in America

Stephen Fry in America is a six-part BBC television series in which Stephen Fry travels across the United States of America, a country in which he was almost born. Just before Fry was born, his father was offered a job at Princeton University, in New Jersey, but chose to turn it down in favour of Hampstead. In the six-part series he travels, mostly in a London cab, through all 50 of the U.S. states. 
The episodes are regularly repeated in the UK on Dave, lasting an hour and twenty minutes due to advertising breaks. It was aired in America on HDNet. In Australia, the program screened on ABC1 each Sunday at 7:30pm from 9 August 2009. The ratings were so successful that the broadcaster decided to finally air Fry's other BBC programme, "QI" the next month.
The series was filmed in two segments, the first in October-November 2007, and the second in February-April 2008. Special guests featured on the show include Sting, Jimmy Wales, Morgan Freeman, Buddy Guy, and Ted Turner.
DVD and Blu-ray releases.
The UK home video version was released by West Park Pictures through Lace Digital Media Sales on 17 November 2008. Both the DVD and Blu-ray versions are two-disc sets, complete and uncut. A two-disc Region 1 version was released in the United States in July 2010. In Australia, Madman Entertainment it was released on two-disc DVD and Blu-ray on 19 August 2009.
Book.
A book to accompany the series, also called "Stephen Fry in America", was published by Harper Collins in 2008. In it Stephen writes in more detail about some of his adventures, as well as some of the ones not featured in the show.
Announced follow-up.
In May 2008, it was announced that a five-part companion series, "More Fry in America", had been commissioned for BBC Four. It was to feature in-depth essays excluded from the first series due to time constraints. No further information about the project has since been released.

</doc>
<doc id="19891673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891673" title="Spanish cruiser Navarra (1923)">
Spanish cruiser Navarra (1923)

Navarra was a cruiser serving the Spanish Navy from 1923 to 1956. Construction on Reina Victoria Eugenia—the ship's original name—began in 1915 by Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval in Ferrol. The design showed considerable British design influence resembling contemporary British Town-class cruisers. The boilers were re-arranged into three rooms to give three funnels. The ship was renamed Republica in 1931 and assumed the name "Navarra" in 1936.
Service.
The ship was ordered as the "Reina Victoria Eugenia" (named after Queen consort Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg), laid down in 1915, launched 21 April 1920 and completed on 15 January 1923. She was flagship of the Spanish squadron during the Rif war. After the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic in 1921 she became part of the Spanish Republican Navy and was renamed "Republica".
At the start of the Spanish civil war in 1936 she was being refitted in Cadiz and was seized by the Nationalist side. The refit included replacing the old coal-fired boilers with oil fired units. A new superstructure was added, one funnel was removed and six 6-inch guns were moved to the centre line (four guns were removed). Four German 88mm AA guns were also fitted and the torpedo tubes removed.
The ship had limited war service and was used as a training ship until retirement in 1956. When in service during the Spanish Civil War, "Navarra" was nicknamed "Sigamos a la flota" ("Follow the fleet"), after Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers' film, because it was much slower than the two other surviving Nationalist cruisers ("Canarias" and "Almirante Cervera").

</doc>
<doc id="19891679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891679" title="Meadowbrook Country Club">
Meadowbrook Country Club

Meadowbrook Country Club is a country club in Northville Township, Wayne County, near Northville, Michigan. The idea for Meadowbrook Country Club, a private golf and social club, came about in 1916 when three Northville businessmen purchased of the Fred C. Cochran Farm. The club was named after a brook, which ran through the property. Its golf course hosted the PGA Championship in 1955, won by Doug Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="19891687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891687" title="Bolivian general election, 2009">
Bolivian general election, 2009

The Bolivian general election, 2009 was held on December 6, 2009, following a constitutional referendum held on 25 January 2009. Voters elected:
The five departments which had not already done so all voted to have departmental autonomy. Eleven municipalities voted to have indigenous autonomy, out of twelve holding such referendums. One province voted to have regional autonomy.
Presidential election.
Under the new constitution all previous terms will not be considered for term limits and if any candidate fails to win over 50% of the vote and another candidate is within 10%, a second round will be held. It will be the first time that an incumbent President will run for reelection.
Candidates.
The presidential candidates are:
Opinion polling.
Polling prior to the election indicated that incumbent Evo Morales enjoyed a 55% approval rating, as well as an 18 point lead over his closest challenger Manfred Reyes Villa. As Morales was expected to cruise to reelection, the local press is reporting that Villa has already purchased an airplane ticket to the United States for the 7th (the day after the election).
Results.
Evo Morales won a convincing victory, with 64.22% of the vote. His party, Movement for Socialism, also won a two-thirds majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate.
Autonomy referendums.
Departments.
The five departments which had not already done so all voted to become autonomous departments. Each will have to produce a statute of autonomy. They were:
Regional autonomy.
The Gran Chaco Province in Tarija held a referendum on regional autonomy, which was approved by 80.4% of voters.
Municipalities.
The following municipalities voted on whether to become autonomous municipalities according to the Indigenous Originary Campesino Autonomy provisions of the 2009 Constitution. Eleven voted yes:
One municipality voted no:

</doc>
<doc id="19891696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891696" title="Alan MacEachren">
Alan MacEachren

Alan M. MacEachren (born 1952) is an American geographer, Professor of Geography and Director, GeoVISTA Center, Department of Geography, The Pennsylvania State University. He is known for his cross-disciplinary work in the fields of human-centered geographic visualization, scientific and information visualization, and in statistics. 
Biography.
Alan MacEachren received a B.A. in geography in 1974 at the Ohio University, an M.A. in geography in 1976 from the University of Kansas and a Ph.D. in geography 1979 from University of Kansas.
From 1979 to 1983 he was Assistant Professor of Geography at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University and Director of the Department of Geography Cartography Laboratory. From 1980 to 1983 he was Director of the Department of Geography Spatial Analysis Laboratory, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. In 1983 he became Assistant Professor of Geography at the University of Colorado-Boulder and in 1985 switched to Associate Professor of Geography and Director of the Deasy GeoGraphics Laboratory at the Pennsylvania State University, where he worked until 1992. From 1992 he was Professor of Geography, and since 1998 Director, GeoVISTA Center, Department of Geography, Penn State University. In Fall 2007 he was Visiting Professor, Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, and since 2007 also Affiliate Professor of Information Sciences and Technology, Penn State University.
Awards for Alan MacEachren in 2004-2007 include the E. Willard and Ruby S. Miller Professor of Geography, College of Earth and Mineral Science, Penn State University. He became an Honorary Fellow of the International Cartographic Association in 2005, making him only the sixth Fellow from the U.S. since 1974. In 2004 he was also recognized for Exceptional Scholarly Contributions to the Practice of Cartography, by the Canadian Cartographic Association.
Publications.
Alan MacEachren has written several books and articles. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="19891698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891698" title="KSOS (defunct)">
KSOS (defunct)

KSOS was a radio station broadcasting on 800 kHz, and was licensed to Brigham City, Utah. During the 1980s, it was owned by Brent Larson, who had the transmitter and tower moved from 948 W Forest Street in Brigham City, where the station had operated since the late 1940s, to Plain City in 1985. It carried oldies programming for much of its life, switching to classic rock in 1995. In 2002, the station was sold to Simmons Media, and began simulcasting KZNS 1280, which was also being simulcasted on 960 in Utah County, on KOVO.
When Bonneville International began operating KUTR on 820 AM in 2005, Simmons Media, who had sold KUTR to Bonneville, pulled the station off air completely. Simmons also operated expanded band station KXOL, and a condition imposed by the FCC required that one of the two licenses had to be surrendered. The station never returned to air. KSOS was famous for its weekly Hispanic-oriented "El Ranch Rio Grande show" hosted by a local and veteran broadcaster George Gonzales. When the station was pulled off air, the show was canceled. 

</doc>
<doc id="19891714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891714" title="Bolshoy Prospekt (Petrograd Side)">
Bolshoy Prospekt (Petrograd Side)

Bolshoy Prospekt of Petrograd Side () is a large avenue in Petrogradsky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia, crossing Petrogradsky Island and spanning from Tuchkov Bridge across the Malaya Neva to Petropavlovsky Bridge across the Karpovka River. In 1918-1944 the avenue was named "Karl Liebknecht Prospekt" (проспект Карла Либкнехта). The street is served by the stations Sportivnaya and Petrogradskaya of Saint Petersburg Metro. Not far from the Karpovka, at Leo Tolstoy Square, where Petrogradskaya is situated, Bolshoy Prospekt crosses another large avenue, Kamennoostrovsky Prospekt. While the rest of the road dates back to the 1730s, the short curved section of Bolshoy Prospekt between Kamennoostrovsky Prospekt and the Karpovka was constructed in 1910. After the Karpovka it turns into Prospekt Medikov. For most of its length, excluding the section between the Karpovka and Kamennoostrovsky Prospekt, Bolshoy Prospekt is a straight one-way street with south-west bound traffic heading towards Tuchkov Bridge. Bolshaya Pushkarskaya Street is used for traffic in the opposite direction.
The buildings along the street mostly dates back to the late 19th – early 20th century and are designed in the Art Nouveau, National Romantic and Neoclassical styles, as well as other revivals.

</doc>
<doc id="19891727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891727" title="Duxbury (disambiguation)">
Duxbury (disambiguation)

Duxbury is a coastal town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States; located near Boston.
Duxbury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891745" title="Bolt stump">
Bolt stump

In locksmithing, a bolt stump is a rectangular part of a lock located above the talon, and passes through the slot in the levers as the bolt moves. This part is welded or riveted onto the lathe in some earlier locks. Modern lock manufacture allows this to be machined in. Most are directly cast into the blank and then milled smooth for final use.

</doc>
<doc id="19891764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891764" title="Washington and Lee High School">
Washington and Lee High School

Washington and Lee High School, a fully accredited high school in Montross, Virginia in the United States, is a member school of the Northern Neck District in Region A of the single A division of the Virginia High School League. Fed by Washington District Elementary, Cople Elementary School, and Montross Middle School, W&L is the larger of two high schools in Westmoreland County, Virginia (tiny Colonial Beach High School being the only other public high school in the county). 495 students are enrolled as of June, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19891803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891803" title="Codex Sangallensis 18">
Codex Sangallensis 18

Uncial 0130 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 80 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 9th-century. Formerly it was labelled by Wc.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Mark 1:31-2:16; Luke 1:20-31.64-79; 2:24-48, on 7 parchment leaves (). It is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page, in large uncial letters. The writing is similar to Codex Sangallensis 48 but bigger. It has diacritic marks and accents.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text has Latin Vulgate. The leaves were washed to make a palimpsest, and the writing erased in parts by a knife. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type, with a strong element of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family I'. Aland placed it in Category III.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed text in Luke 1. In Luke 10 and Luke 20 the manuscript is defective.
History.
It is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.
The manuscript was examined by Tischendorf. 
Four leaves of the codex are housed at the Abbey library of Saint Gall (18, fol. 143-146; 45, fol. 1-2) in St. Gallen, and three leaves in Zürich (Zentralbibliothek, C 57, fol. 5, 74, 93, 135).

</doc>
<doc id="19891804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891804" title="The Final Sanction">
The Final Sanction

The Final Sanction may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19891844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891844" title="Even Hammer Holmboe">
Even Hammer Holmboe

Even Hammer Holmboe (18 November 1792 – 23 December 1859) was a Norwegian politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Trondenes as the son of bailiff Jens Holmboe (1752–1804) and his wife Anna Margrethe Irgens (1766–1851). He had several brothers and sisters. His brothers Hans and Leonhard Christian became involved in politics, so did his nephew Jens Holmboe.
In 1823 he married Maren Johanne Rønning, who hailed from Lofoten. The couple had five sons and five daughters.
Career.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, representing the constituency of "Finmarkens Amt" (which at that time included Finnmark and Troms). He served only one term.
He worked as a merchant and vice consul.

</doc>
<doc id="19891854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891854" title="Nister (river)">
Nister (river)

The Nister is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a right tributary of the Sieg. It is 64 km long. Its source is in the Westerwald hills, near Willingen. It flows south of Bad Marienberg and north of Hachenburg. Near Wissen the Nister flows into the Sieg.

</doc>
<doc id="19891867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891867" title="The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1976 TV series)">
The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1976 TV series)

The Legend of the Book and the Sword is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel "The Book and the Sword". It was first broadcast on TVB in Hong Kong in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19891892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891892" title="Three Skeleton Key">
Three Skeleton Key

"Three Skeleton Key" is a short story by the French author George G. Toudouze. The January 1937 edition of "Esquire" marked its first appearance in English. This suspenseful tale and "Leiningen Versus the Ants" were discovered by the magazine's editor Arnold Gingrich. 
George G. Toudouze (1877-1972) was born in Paris, France. His father, Gustave Toudouze, was a well-known author of the time. The younger Toudouze wrote on such topics as art, architecture, travel and French naval history. Although he penned numerous adventure novels and short stories, he is today remembered for a single work: "Three Skeleton Key".
The plot involves three men tending a lighthouse on an island off the coast of French Guiana. An abandoned ship, overrun by thousands of ferocious rats, makes landfall. A life-and-death struggle ensues as the men attempt to save themselves from the hungry horde. 
James Poe adapted the story for radio in a version that aired on "Escape" in 1949 and returned to the program by popular demand in 1950 and 1953. Each episode featured a different cast. 
Vincent Price is the actor most associated with the play, performing it in 1950 for "Escape" and in 1956 and 1958 for "Suspense". 
The One Act Audio Theatre revisited "Three Skeleton Key" in 2001. A modern recording of the piece can be found at 
the organization's web site as well as the script by James Poe.
External links.
Streaming audio

</doc>
<doc id="19891895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891895" title="Oath of Fidelity and Support">
Oath of Fidelity and Support

The Oath of Fidelity and Support was an oath swearing allegiance to the state of Maryland and denying allegiance and obedience to Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War. As enacted by the Maryland General Assembly in 1777, all persons holding any office of profit or trust, including attorneys at law, and all voters were required to take the oath no later than March 1, 1778. It was signed by 3136 residents of Montgomery and Washington counties.
Being a direct female descendant of a signer of the oath is sufficient condition to join the Daughters of the American Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19891906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891906" title="Hypothetical species">
Hypothetical species

Several extinct species have been postulated, but owing to a lack of evidence they can only be regarded as hypothetical extinct species. They have caused confusion, as they may have been a separate species, a subspecies, or an introduced species.
Parrots.
Populations of several parrot species were described mainly in the unscientific writings of early travelers to the Caribbean and Mascarene Islands, and subsequently scientifically described by several naturalists mainly in the twentieth century, with no more evidence than the earlier observations and without specimens, to have their names associated with the extinct species that they were postulating.

</doc>
<doc id="19891914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891914" title="Dalia Raiyen">
Dalia Raiyen

Dalia (full name Dalia Raiyen) is a French R&B/Pop singer and songwriter.
Music.
Dahlia was signed to Sony Music Entertainment at the age of 16, but later parted ways with the label to independently release her first album overseas.
Dalia made her U.S. debut with the album "Sacred", which featured a collaboration with famous rapper Jadakiss for the first single, "Show Me". The album made the top 10 on numerous internet charts including mytk.net, mixunit.com, mixtapetorrent.com, evoice.com, radio1.com, and hiphopcrack.com. 
Top producers and writers who Dalia has worked with include LaShawn Daniels, Mark Nelson, Raul Santiago, Yummy, and Cyph and Carmen.
Childhood.
Born in France, raised in Switzerland, and spending her summers in Tunisia, Dalia has a gift for language: she speaks and sings fluently in seven. Her passion for writing and reading poetry developed into songwriting at an early age.
Dalia's unique and exotic looks allowed her to find success as a model. She has been featured overseas in various magazines, including "Maxim" and "Indian Bride".
Current activities.
Dalia published her U.S. second album in early 2009. The album finds the songstress, once again, working with top producers and taking steps in a bold new musical direction.
Dalia is also continuing to pursue her interest in acting.

</doc>
<doc id="19891938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891938" title="Jessica Herrera-Flanigan">
Jessica Herrera-Flanigan

Jessica R. Herrera-Flanigan (born August 1970) is an American lawyer, technology and security expert, and political professional based in Washington, DC.
Professional.
A former federal prosecutor and Senior Democratic Congressional advisor, Herrera-Flanigan joined the Monument Policy Group, a government affairs and strategic consulting firm, as a partner in July 2008. She is an expert on technology, Internet, cybersecurity, media, immigration, sports, privacy, homeland security, and national security issues and is a published author and frequent speaker on these topics on television, radio,and newspapers. She is a Fellow of Cybersecurity & Innovation at the Center for National Policy, where she works on technology issues.
She serves on the Advisory Boards of the Homeland Security Defense & Business Council and the Infragard Member's Alliance and is the Co-Chair of the E-Privacy Committee for the ABA’s Science & Technology Section.
Previously, she served as the Staff Director & General Counsel of the United States House Committee on Homeland Security, where she managed the Committee's legislative, oversight, and policy staff and agenda for Chairman Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS). She joined the Committee's predecessor in 2003, where she worked for Ranking Member Jim Turner (D-TX), and Subcommittee Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren (D-CA) on technology, privacy, civil rights and civil liberties, and cybersecurity. During the 110th Congress, Herrera-Flanigan was one of the highest ranking Hispanic staffers and the only Latina Majority Staff Director in the U.S. House. It is unconfirmed but it has been noted that she may be the first Latina to ever run a full Committee in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was honored by Women in Government Relations with its 2007 Congressional Staff Award and by the Hispanic Bar Association-D.C. as a 2007 Rising Legal Star. She was also recognized by the Women's High Tech Coalition in 2005 with its Women in Cybersecurity Award.
Before working on the Hill, Herrera-Flanigan was Senior Counsel at the Computer Crime & Intellectual Property Section, Criminal Division, U.S. Department of Justice, where she led a team of prosecutors and investigators pursuing cybercriminals, including hackers and virus writers. She worked on such cases as the Melissa and Love Bug viruses and the 2000 Denial of Service Attacks on U.S. systems. She also served as vice-chair on the U.S. Delegation to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) Experts Group on international information security. She also represented the United States at Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) and the Organization of American States (“OAS”).
She also served as a Special Assistant U.S. Attorney in the D.C. U.S. Attorney's Office Public Corruption Section in Washington, D.C. and as an Associate at Crowell & Moring LLP. She has served as an adjunct professor of cybercrime, criminal law, and cybersecurity at the Washington College of Law, American University and the American Military University. She also has served as a Senior Fellow to the George Washington Homeland Security Policy Institute.
Herrera-Flanigan served as the Regional V (DC,VA,WV, MD) President of the Hispanic National Bar Association in 2008-09, is a past president of the Hispanic Bar Association of the District of Columbia, and has three times been named one of the 100 Most Influential Hispanics in the United States by Hispanic Business magazine (2008, 2002, 2000). She served on the CSIS Commission on Cyber Security for the 44th Presidency and on the Center for National Policy’s Military Transformation Series (MTS) Advisory Group.
Herrera-Flanigan is a contributor to NextGov's Cybersecurity Report, a blog on cybersecurity. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Education.
Herrera-Flanigan received her B.A. in American Studies from Yale University in 1992 and her J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1995. She served as the City Editor of the Yale Daily News and was a member of Pi Beta Phi while at Yale. She served as the Managing Editor of the Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Review, Production Editor of the Harvard Journal of Law & Technology, and as a Founding Editor of the Harvard Latino Law Review while in law school. She also graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in Port Arthur, Texas.
Personal.
Herrera-Flanigan is a native of Port Arthur, Texas and is of Mexican-American and Cajun descent. She is married to Thomas C. Flanigan, an entrepreneur and inventor, and they have two children. They reside in Northern Virginia.
See also.
Lobbying in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19891968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891968" title="Efraín">
Efraín

Efraín is a masculine Spanish given name, a cognate of Ephraim. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19891969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891969" title="Baykal, Omsk Oblast">
Baykal, Omsk Oblast

Baykal () is a village in Kormilovsky District of Omsk Oblast, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19891974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891974" title="The Best of Marillion">
The Best of Marillion

The Best of Marillion is a compilation album from the band Marillion. The songs come from both the Fish era and Steve Hogarth era of the band. It was released in mainland Europe only.
It contains no previously unreleased material.
Track listing.
All are single edits unless indicated with * which are album versions.

</doc>
<doc id="19891977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891977" title="The Boy from Oklahoma">
The Boy from Oklahoma

The Boy from Oklahoma is a 1954 Western movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Will Rogers, Jr. The film became the basis for the 1957 Warner Bros. television series "Sugarfoot", in which Will Hutchins replaced Rogers as lead character Tom Brewster. The movie features Lon Chaney, Jr. and includes one of future TV talk show host Merv Griffin's few theatrical film roles. In the movie version, Rogers as Brewster substitutes facility with a twirling rope, similar to Will Rogers, Sr.'s, for the usual unerring speed and accuracy with firearms typically found in cinematic cowboy heroes.
Three of the original cast members from the movie, Louis Jean Heydt, Sheb Wooley, and Slim Pickens, were transplanted directly into the subsequent TV show's pilot, "Brannigan's Boots," playing their roles from the movie; the first episode of "Sugarfoot" follows the film's script fairly faithfully. Dennis Hopper succeeded James Griffith as Billy the Kid in the television version, Merry Anders took over the part of Katie Brannigan from Nancy Olson, and Chubby Johnson replaced Wallace Ford as Wally Higgins for the small screen.
Reviewing the DVD release in 2013, Gene Triplett of "The Oklahoman" called the film an "amiable oater" with a plot that "may sound like potential corn on the cob to some" but turns out to be "unexpectedly well-crafted entertainment".
Cast.
Will Rogers, Jr. ... Sheriff Tom Brewster<br>
Nancy Olson ... Katie Brannigan<br>
Lon Chaney, Jr. ... Crazy Charlie<br> 
Anthony Caruso ... Mayor Barney Turlock<br>
Wallace Ford ... Postmaster Wally Higgins<br>
Clem Bevans ... Pop Pruty, Justice of the Peace<br>
Merv Griffin ... Steve<br>
Louis Jean Heydt ... Paul Evans<br>
Sheb Wooley ... Pete Martin<br>
Slim Pickens ... Shorty<br>
Tyler MacDuff ... Billy the Kid<br>
James Griffith ... Joe Downey
Cast of "Brannigan's Boots" - pilot of "Sugarfoot".
Will Hutchins ... Tom 'Sugarfoot' Brewster<br>
Merry Anders ... Katie Brannigan<br>
Jack Elam ... Toothy Thompson<br>
Louis Jean Heydt ... Paul Evans<br>
Dennis Hopper ... Billy the Kid<br>
Arthur Hunnicutt ... Pop Purty<br>
Chubby Johnson ... Wally Higgins<br>
Slim Pickens ... Shorty<br>
Ainslie Pryor ... Mayor Barney Turlock<br>
Kurt Russell ... Boy<br> 
Sheb Wooley ... Pete

</doc>
<doc id="19891991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19891991" title="1975 BMW Open – Singles">
1975 BMW Open – Singles

Jürgen Fassbender was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Guillermo Vilas won the title, defeating Karl Meiler 2–6, 6–0, 6–2, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19892023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892023" title="Hans Holmboe">
Hans Holmboe

Hans Holmboe (8 October 1798 - 23 May 1868) was a Norwegian educator and politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Trondenes as the son of bailiff Jens Holmboe (1752–1804) and his wife Anna Margrethe Irgens (1766–1851). He had several brothers and sisters. His brothers Even and Leonhard Christian became involved in politics, so did his nephew Jens Holmboe.
In 1825 he married Welgjerd Endriette Løberg, who hailed from Kongsberg. The couple had four daughters and three sons.
Career.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Bergen. He was re-elected in 1836, 1842, 1848, 1851, 1859 and 1862. He was especially known for his work with Henrik Wergeland and others to grant Jews the right to enter Norway.
He worked as a school principal at Bergen Cathedral School. He was also editor-in-chief of "Bergens Stiftstidende" for some time.
He died in 1868 in Sande.

</doc>
<doc id="19892024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892024" title="United Artists Theatre (Chicago)">
United Artists Theatre (Chicago)

The United Artists Theatre was a popular movie theatre located in Chicago. It was constructed in 1921 and was originally titled The Apollo. It was purchased by the Balaban and Katz cinema chain and renamed in 1927. The theatre began life showing live theatre and later exclusively showed films. It was located at the southeast corner of Randolph and Dearborn. It was later operated by ABC/Great States and Cineplex Odeon. It continued operation until late 1987, and was demolished in 1989. 
The United Artists was located on Randolph Street, which was once known as Chicago's Great White Way and continues to be the center of Chicago's theatre district. The theatre featured ornate interior design common of the movie palaces of its era. It was known for showing exclusive runs and premieres of top Hollywood films. In the 1970s, the theatre focused mostly on the action and horror films popular at the time, with the occasional blockbuster, such as the house-record breaking run of "Jaws".
From the 1950s until its closing, the theater featured an elaborate marquee, which wrapped around the building's curved corner entrance. This marquee can be seen in many films including "The Blues Brothers", "Adventures in Babysitting", and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".
The building was located on Block 37, a parcel in the Chicago Loop that saw nearly every building demolished in 1989. Various projects were proposed for the site before construction began on a new structure in 2005. The retail section will feature a new 7-screen movie theatre from Muvico Theatres.

</doc>
<doc id="19892026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892026" title="Helmut Hölzer">
Helmut Hölzer

Helmut Hoelzer was a Nazi Germany V-2 rocket engineer who was brought to the United States under Operation Paperclip.
Life.
In October 1939, while working for the Telefunken electronics firm in Berlin, Hoelzer met with Ernst Steinhoff, Hermann Steuding, and Wernher von Braun regarding guide beams for a flying body. In late 1940 at Peenemünde, Hoelzer was head of the guide beam division (assistant Henry Otto Hirschler), which developed a guide-plane system which alternates a transmitted signal from two antennas a short distance apart, as well as a vacuum tube mixing device () which corrected for momentum that would perturb an object that had been moved back on-track. By the Fall of 1941, Hoelzer's "mixing device" was used to provide V-2 rocket rate measurement instead of rate gyros. 
Then at the beginning of 1942, Hoelzer built an analog computer to calculate and simulate V-2 rocket trajectories Hoelzer's team also developed the Messina telemetry system. After evacuating Peenemünde for the Alpenfestung (Alpine Fortress), Hoelzer returned to Peenemünde via motorcycle to look for portions of his PhD dissertation prior to surrendering to United States forces at the end of World War II.
Family.
One of his grandchildren is Olympic swimmer Margaret Hoelzer.

</doc>
<doc id="19892032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892032" title="Death Duel">
Death Duel

Death Duel is a 1977 Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Chor Yuen under the Shaw Brothers Studio banner. The film stars Derek Yee and Ling Yun and marked the debut of Candice Yu for Shaw Studio where she plays a prostitute.

</doc>
<doc id="19892034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892034" title="Boxing at the 2001 Mediterranean Games">
Boxing at the 2001 Mediterranean Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 2001 Mediterranean Games was held in Tunis, Tunisia from September 6 to September 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19892038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892038" title="Bergens Stiftstidende">
Bergens Stiftstidende

Bergens Stiftstidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Bergen.
"Bergens Stiftstidende" was started in 1840. It went defunct in 1855. Editors were Hans Holmboe and the priest Peter Albert Sagen.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19892052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892052" title="Paul A. Magnuson">
Paul A. Magnuson

Paul A. Magnuson (born February 9, 1937) is a United States District Judge from Minnesota.
Magnuson was born in Carthage, South Dakota, a small town in the eastern part of the state. He graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College in 1959, having served as president of the student body and an active member of the College Republicans. He graduated from William Mitchell College of Law in 1963.
After law school, Magnuson entered private practice in the South St. Paul law firm of LeVander, Gillen & Miller. The firm is exceptional in the history of Minnesota law and politics because it produced a federal judge (Magnuson), a Minnesota governor (Harold LeVander), a United States Senator (David Durenberger), and a Minnesota Supreme Court justice (Paul H. Anderson). No other firm could claim the same number of distinguished alumni, all of whom practiced together at the same time. Magnuson worked at the LeVander law firm for eighteen years, eventually becoming a partner and adding his name to the letterhead.
In November 1981, he was appointed by President Ronald Reagan to the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. He succeeded Edward J. Devitt, who assumed senior status on the court. Magnuson became Chief Judge in October 1994 and served in that position until he himself assumed senior status in February 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19892055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892055" title="5Rebbeccas">
5Rebbeccas

"5Rebbeccas" was the first single released by Dundee indie band The View from their second album "Which Bitch?". The single was released on 27 October 2008.
The music video for the single was released on YouTube on 23 September 2008, with a handwritten version of the lyrics released on the band's website two days later. The video itself features a mixture of live action footage with animation.
In its first week after release, the single marked a very disappointing return for The View, only reaching #57 in the UK Singles Chart before dropping out of the UK Top 100 altogether the following week.

</doc>
<doc id="19892063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892063" title="Michigan gubernatorial election, 1982">
Michigan gubernatorial election, 1982

The 1982 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 1982.
The Democratic candidate was Congressman James Blanchard and the Republican candidate was insurance executive Richard Headlee.

</doc>
<doc id="19892083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892083" title="Jane Corwin">
Jane Corwin

Jane Lewis Corwin (born February 29, 1964) is an American politician and businesswoman who has served as a Republican Party member of the New York State Assembly since 2009. She represents the 142nd Assembly District which covers parts of Erie and Niagara counties. Corwin was also the Republican Party nominee in the special election held on May 24, 2011 to fill Western New York's 26th district seat in the U.S. House of Representatives previously held by Republican Chris Lee. She faced three other candidates in the election; losing to Democrat Kathy Hochul 47 percent to 43 percent, according to unofficial results. Independent Jack Davis who ran on a Tea Party line garnered 9 percent of the vote, and Green Party candidate Ian Murphy got 1 percent.
Before entering politics, Corwin was on the board of directors of the family business, and worked at a financial firm while earning her master's degree in business administration.
Early life and education and business career.
Corwin has said she spent 36 years working in the private sector, beginning her business career at age eight by delivering phone books for The Talking Phone Book, the family business that had been founded by her father, Wilbur Lewis, a former salesman. During her teen years, she proof-read the company's publications, and while in college, she was vice president of marketing. Corwin has stressed she did not grow up wealthy, noting that in the 1980s, her family almost lost their home.
She began college at the private Ithaca College and had to transfer to the State University of New York at Albany because of cost concerns. She earned a B.A. degree in psychology from SUNY in 1985, and then attended Pace University earning an M.B.A. in finance in 1990.
She worked on Wall Street from 1987 to 1990 as a research director for Henry Ansbacher, Inc., a British financial firm that helped large media conglomerates acquire small, locally-owned newspapers. She also served on the board of directors of the Talking Phone Book as Secretary-Treasurer beginning in 1987, making strategic decisions for the company. After completing her education in 1990, she returned to Western New York State to marry Philip M. Corwin II whom she had met in graduate school. The couple worked at The Talking Phone Book with Philip serving as chief financial officer. She also began a family, and has said of this time, "I didn't go into the office every day ... We had more board discussions over the kitchen table than the board room." The business was sold to Hearst Corporation in 2004 for $400 million, making Corwin and her siblings wealthy, according to the "Buffalo News". Campaign disclosure forms have indicated Corwin's personal assets is between $58 and $158 million, mainly derived from her family's business.
Community activities.
Since 2004, Corwin has been President of the Philip M. and Jane Lewis Corwin Foundation to provide direct funding to educational, medical and religious charities that benefit children. A review of the foundation's financials by the "Buffalo News" indicated that more than half of its distributions have gone to Boston College, Philip Corwin's "alma mater"; the second largest recipient has been a school the Corwin children attended. In recent years, she has given $500 college scholarships to local public high school students, and has indicated she has not taken any tax benefits for her donations. She has also been a community volunteer, serving as president of a committee of the Women and Children’s Hospital of Buffalo, as confirmation leader at her church, and as a member of a committee of the Community Foundation for Greater Buffalo. She served on the board of directors of Brookfield Country Club Women's Association and became a private sector "protégé" of Erie County Executive Christopher Collins serving as an assistant treasurer for his campaign from 2007–2008, according to the "Buffalo News".
State Assembly.
Corwin has said she entered politics in 2008 because she "could not stand idly by and watch state government spend away our children's future." During her first campaign for the Assembly, she said the State needed to adopt a business-like approach, cut spending, cut taxes, end "unfunded mandates" and improve the business environment. She won the primary for the 142nd Assembly District seat against three other Republican candidates including incumbent Assemblyman Mike Cole, who had the Republican party endorsement, but who had been censured for fraternizing with an intern one year earlier. Corwin went on to defeat Working Families Party candidate Jeffrey Bono in the November 2008 general election, receiving 89 percent of the vote. She ran uncontested in the November 2010 general election, receiving endorsements from the Conservative and Independence parties of New York State.
While in the State Assembly, Corwin was appointed chair of the Assembly Minority Manufacturing Task Force and became ranking minority member of the Corporations, Authorities and Commissions Committee. She opposed a bill that would legalize gay marriage. She also opposed a loosening of state drug laws that would reduce long prison terms and give judges more leeway in sentencing, and voted "no" on a bill that required the unshackling of prisoners while giving birth. Based on her Assembly voting record on fiscal matters, the state Conservative Party placed her near the top in its 2009 and 2010 annual rankings of Assembly members.
U.S. Congressional run.
In February 2011, U.S. Representative Chris Lee resigned abruptly after reports surfaced that he had been flirting with a woman on Craigslist. Later that month, Corwin was unanimously chosen by Republican Party leaders to be the Party's nominee in the special election to fill the seat. (State law does not provide for primary elections prior to special elections.) Corwin also received the endorsements of the New York Conservative Party and the Independence Party of New York. She vied for the congressional seat against local businessman Jack Davis, an independent candidate running on the Tea Party ballot line; Erie County Clerk Kathy Hochul, a Democrat; and writer Ian Murphy the Green Party candidate. The election was held on May 24.
Political positions.
Corwin said that if elected, she would work to cut federal government spending, reduce taxes and repeal the health care overhaul that was enacted by the Democratic majority Congress in 2010. She signed a tax pledge, promising to oppose all efforts to increase marginal tax rates on individuals and businesses, and to oppose reductions of tax credits or deductions that are not matched by reductions in tax rates.
She strongly supported U.S. Representative Paul Ryan's proposal to reform the Medicare program for senior citizens by turning it into a program that would give seniors vouchers to purchase private health insurance coverage. Corwin said the plan would protect Medicare for future generations by putting it on solid financial ground. On May 17, Corwin's campaign announced that Corwin would consider alternatives to the Ryan voucher plan, if they would help keep Medicare solvent. Corwin called her Democratic opponent's proposals to raise taxes on the wealthy an attack on those "who help our jobs grow and who will keep Medicare from going into bankruptcy", and has said that the Democrats, including Hochul, have offered no alternative to the Republicans' voucher plan.
When answering Project Vote Smart's "Political Courage" survey in 2008, Corwin replied that she believes abortion should be legal in the first trimester of pregnancy and in cases of rape, incest and when the life of the mother is endangered. When interviewed toward the end of her 2011 campaign for Congress, Corwin stated she would vote for any bill that restricted taxpayer funding of abortion, but indicated that abortion was "a woman's decision in the first trimester." 
Campaign.
The special election was initially thought to be a "certain victory" for the Republican candidate, but became "fiercely competitive", according to "The New York Times", because of a U.S. House Republican plan to privatize Medicare. The Times has also cited the candidacy of third party candidate Davis as a factor which is "siphoning support" from Corwin. "The Hill" said the Medicare issue seemed to be boosting Hochul's campaign, though it was difficult to handicap the race because of the presence of the third party candidate.
A late April poll by Sienna College had Corwin in the lead with 36 percent, followed by Hochul with 31 percent and Davis with 23 percent of the vote. An early May poll by the Democratic-leaning Public Policy Institute showed Hochul at 35 percent, Corwin at 31 percent and Davis at 24 percent. The non-partisan "Rothenberg Political Report" called the race a "toss-up" but tilting Democratic as of May 16. Additional polling by Sienna and PPP in the days immediately preceding the election had Hochul leading by four and six point margins. Corwin ultimately lost to Hochul 47 to 43 percent in the special election. Independent candidate Jack Davis received 9 percent, and Green Party candidate Ian Murphy received 1 percent of the vote.
National media attention was given to a 15 second video clip that appeared to show Corwin's Assembly chief of staff, Michael Mallia, repeatedly asking the 78-year-old Davis why he had skipped a campaign debate, followed by Mallia shrieking as Davis apparently shoved him or flapped at the camera. The video clip was circulated by local and national Republican organizations and prompted bipartisan criticism of both Davis and Mallia. Requests to see a longer tape and a tape made by second camera were refused by Corwin and her campaign. In an interview with the "National Journal", Corwin said she thought the video was self-explanatory, and indicated that Mallia had been acting on his own free time, and not as her employee while he was tracking and taping her opponent, Davis. In response to Davis' complaints that he had been harassed, Corwin said, "I've had cameras on me for two months now, and I've never hit anybody ... and I think that's the difference is how you handle a situation like that." One week after the election, Mallia resigned his position as Corwin's chief of staff as a result of the controversy.
Corwin responded to attacks that she basically wants to eliminate Medicare, by airing an ad claiming her opponent Hochul wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare. Corwin's ad was based on Hochul's debate statement that budget talks should put everything on the table. A FactCheck.org representative called Corwin's ad, "bogus"; Corwin's campaign responded that Hochul also supports Obama's health care law which includes $500 billion in reductions in payments to Medicare Advantage private insurers.
American Crossroads endorsed and provided support to Corwin's campaign, reflecting the national importance of the contest. The "New York Post" and the Rochester Business alliance endorsed Corwin, as did the FreedomWorks PAC. The Tea Party Express and TEA New York also endorsed Corwin with their leaders visiting Buffalo and Rochester to make it clear that Corwin was favored by the Tea Party, and to criticize Davis' use of the moniker.
"Roll Call" reported that Corwin had invested nearly $2.5 million of her own funds in the campaign as of May 13; Davis had promised to spend as much as $3 million of his own funds; and outside funds coming from both liberal and conservative groups had already "turned the Buffalo and Rochester airwaves into a steady stream of campaign ads."
On election day morning, Corwin obtained a court order from a Justice of the New York Supreme Court that took effect when the polls closed. The order would impound all voting equipment, temporarily enjoin the canvas of paper ballots and bar the certification of the winner pending further court proceedings. Corwin's campaign said such orders are usual in close elections. According to "The Buffalo News", however, the order was likely rendered moot by Corwin's concession, also on May 24, 2011.
Personal life.
Corwin and her husband Philip have been married for 21 years. The couple have three children and reside in Clarence, New York. Philip was previously the chief financial officer of the Talking Phone Book and has been active in Erie County politics. He is vice chair of Erie County Industrial Development Agency, Erie County director of economic development, and a member of board of Buffalo Niagara Enterprise which gives economic development assistance to companies in Western New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="19892098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892098" title="The World's Greatest Entertainer">
The World's Greatest Entertainer

"The World's Greatest Entertainer" is the second album released by Doug E. Fresh. It was released in 1988 on Reality Records, a short-lived subsidiary of the legendary Fantasy Records, and was produced by Doug E. Fresh, Eric "Vietnam" Sadler, Ollie Cotton and Carl Ryder. The album gained a fair amount of success, peaking at #88 on the Billboard 200 and #7 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and featured the single "Keep Risin' to the Top," which peaked at #4 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19892104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892104" title="First Christian Church (Columbia, Missouri)">
First Christian Church (Columbia, Missouri)

The First Christian Church in Columbia, Missouri was built in 1893 at 101 North Tenth Street. T.N. Bell of Chicago, Illinois was the chief architect. This is the second church building to stand at this site. The building is still functioning church today and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19892113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892113" title="Aleza Lake, British Columbia">
Aleza Lake, British Columbia

Aleza Lake is a community located on the southwest end of Hansard Lake, west of Upper Fraser, British Columbia. The Grand Trunk Pacific Railway built a station here in 1914. The Aleza Lake Post Office opened 1 June 1915 with J.A. Davidson as postmaster; it closed 30 September 1970.
Aleza Lake was named by G.U. Ryley, Land Commissioner, in July 1913, for an old Indian woman who lived in the area.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Aleza Lake railway station.
Aleza Lake was the home of a small Catholic Church, that was active from 1949 to 1999. 
In 2004 the current owners/residents of Hutton, British Columbia, dismantled this church, which was by then on the verge of caving in. It has since been rebuilt in Hutton, which is approximately 30 km East of Aleza Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19892122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892122" title="The MySpace Transmissions">
The MySpace Transmissions

The MySpace Transmissions are a series of digital EPs recorded for MySpace Music. The series was launched on December 4, 2007 with James Blunt as the first featured artist. Each "Transmission" features one artist or group and has several components:
The MySpace Transmissions are similar in concept to the Peel Sessions series from the UK. The majority of the songs are "live in studio" re-recordings of previously released (or soon-to-be-released) album tracks, often with a previously unreleased song, such as a cover version, included for good measure.

</doc>
<doc id="19892128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892128" title="Officer Negative">
Officer Negative

Officer Negative was a Christian punk band from Ventura. Formed in 1995 and initially disbanded in 2000, the band released two albums and an EP on Screaming Giant Records. They played old-school punk, and though their music never appeared in a polished form, it was said to "never hold back the passion." Following a period of reformation they reappeared as The Death Campaign and toured until 2004.
Background.
Their first album, "Dead To The World" (1997) was described as "angry punk" and the band was likened to Rancid or Black Flag.
Their 1999 release "Zombie Nation" was mired in difficulties with their label. Its sound deviated from the band's hoped sound by introducing pop sensibilities – to the point where its members would call it "not a true representation of the band." Also, several tracks were cut from the release; two were released the next year as a split EP with Lugnut. The third, called "Failure to Submit", was described by Chad Wiggins "by far, one of the best songs we have ever written." Ironically it was this release which garnered the most attention for the band. The release included the album "Live at the Roxy". Together, with the future of the band uncertain at best, "HM Magazine" referred to this release as the band's "swan song."
In late 1999 the departure of bassist Casey Wisenbaker, along with the band's issues with "Zombie" lead to the dissolution of the band. With the return of Wisenbacker in 2000, the band reformed with new members taking guitar and drums. Vocalist Chad Wiggins saw the reformation of the band as an opportunity to refocus the band on ministry. With this lineup they toured until about 2002, releasing an EP and an album. Their 2002 release "Control is an Illusion" had a sound based more on metal than punk.
The band rebranded themselves as The Death Campaign, eventually signing to Solid State Records. In the summer of 2003, the band asked lead vocalist Chad Wiggins to leave, intending for Casey Wisenbaker to take vocals, and hiring a bass player from a band called Akeldama. Within three months of Wiggins departure the band broke up. However, during this short period they had created an album, which was eventually released as "Officer Negative Presents The Death Campaign" in 2004.
After the breakup guitarist Josh Handley formed Zippy Josh and the Rag Tag Band, and released one album, "Stupidville"' in 1999. The album was basically praise and worship music, and described as "the Sex Pistols meet Bob Dylan." Allender and Wisenbaker joined a hardcore band called Hit the Deck, while Osborne and Buli continued to work with Akeldama. Michael Dragon briefly pursued a career in professional skateboarding.

</doc>
<doc id="19892151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892151" title="Aki Kurose Middle School Academy">
Aki Kurose Middle School Academy

Aki Kurose Middle School is a public secondary school in Seattle, Washington, part of the Seattle Public Schools. Located in the Rainier Valley in southeast Seattle, it serves students in grades 6-8. Aki Kurose has 97% minority enrollment, very high racial diversity and a high proportion of recent immigrants. 42% of the students are non-English speakers. The school emphasizes development of relationships between the community and the school, and establishing respect between students and teachers.
Mrs. Aki Kurose.
Aki Kurose was a teacher who inspired many by advocating for peace. She taught in the Seattle Public Schools for 25 years, and helped bring Head Start programs to Seattle schools. Mrs. Kurose would often care for students who needed food or shelter or other kinds of help. She died in 1998. Aki Kurose Middle School was the first Seattle public school to be named after a teacher.
History.
Aki Kurose is a relatively new middle school in an old building. It first opened as Casper W. Sharples Junior High School in 1952. The nearby South Shore Middle School opened in 1973, but afterward enrollment at both schools declined. In 1981 the district closed Sharples and re-opened it as Sharples Alternative Secondary School, to accommodate students who had dropped out or had been expelled and could not re-enter a regular high school. The middle school students moved to South Shore.
In 1999, the alternative program moved to the South Shore building and became South Lake Alternative High School. South Shore's middle school students moved back into the Sharples building, which was renamed Aki Kurose Middle School.
Demographics.
Of all Seattle's middle schools, Aki Kurose has the highest percentage of non-white students at 97.2%. African American students are 42.2% of the total, Asian Americans 41.1%, and Hispanics 11.8%. Whites and Native Americans account for less than 3% each. 42.4% of students are non-English speakers and 18.3% are bilingual. Aki Kurose houses the school district's Bilingual Family Center, an office that helps students and their families whose home language is not English. On June 22, 2010 the Bilingual Family Center will move to the SPS headquarters building.
Academic programs.
English as a second language is taught at the school. Spanish is taught as a foreign language.
Spectrum students study at about one year above their grade level. In 2008, there were four students in the Spectrum program.
Many students from Aki Kurose attend Rainier Beach High School, which is nearby.
Special Needs.
In the self-contained special education program, special needs students stay together in one class most of the day and receive individual help. In 2008-2009, 84 students were enrolled in this program.
Academic Performance.
Aki Kurose lags behind the Seattle Public Schools and Washington State averages in WASL testing. In 2008, 50.3% of 8th graders passed Reading, 51.5% passed Math and 47.9% passed Science. 22.7% of students who were tested passed all three subjects. From 2005 to 2008, pass rates rose by an average of 2% to 5%. The school has failed to make Adequate Yearly Progress as defined by the federal No Child Left Behind Act for every student category in Math, and every category in Reading except Asian/Pacific Islanders and Hispanics.
Creative Arts.
The school offers classes in drawing, painting, printmaking and pottery. There are drama and band music classes. Manufacturing technology students work with wood, metal, plastics and robotics. After-school classes are offered in cartooning and dance.
Sports.
Aki Kurose offers boys basketball and soccer, and girls volleyball, soccer and basketball. Students also can compete in co-ed activities like track and Ultimate Frisbee.
Safety.
In June 2008, a class aide was charged with third degree child molestation. In June 2007, a girl reported being sexually assaulted in a school bathroom.
According to Aki Kurose's 2009 annual report, student suspensions were more than four times the district average in 2006-07, when approximately 25% of students were suspended. In 2008-09, suspensions were more than three times the district average and approximately 20% of students were suspended.

</doc>
<doc id="19892153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892153" title="Online machine learning">
Online machine learning

Online machine learning is a model of induction that learns one instance at a time. The goal in on-line learning is to predict labels for instances. For example, the instances could describe the current conditions of the stock market, and an online algorithm predicts tomorrow's value of a particular stock. The key defining characteristic of on-line learning is that soon after the prediction is made, the true label of the instance is discovered. This information can then be used to refine the prediction hypothesis used by the algorithm. The goal of the algorithm is to make predictions that are close to the true labels.
More formally, an online algorithm proceeds in a sequence of trials. Each trial can be decomposed into three steps. First the algorithm receives an instance. Second the algorithm predicts the label of the instance. Third the algorithm receives the true label of the instance. The third stage is the most crucial as the algorithm can use this label feedback to update its hypothesis for future trials. The goal of the algorithm is to minimize some performance criteria. For example, with stock market prediction the algorithm may attempt to minimize sum of the square distances between the predicted and true value of a stock. Another popular performance criterion is to minimize the number of mistakes when dealing with classification problems. In addition to applications of a sequential nature, online learning algorithms are also relevant in applications with huge amounts of data such that traditional learning approaches that use the entire data set in aggregate are computationally infeasible.
Because on-line learning algorithms continually receive label feedback, the algorithms are able to adapt and learn in difficult situations. Many online algorithms can give strong guarantees on performance even when the instances are not generated by a distribution. As long as a reasonably good classifier exists, the online algorithm will learn to predict correct labels. This good classifier must come from a previously determined set that depends on the algorithm. For example, two popular on-line algorithms perceptron and winnow can perform well when a hyperplane exists that splits the data into two categories. These algorithms can even be modified to do provably well even if the hyperplane is allowed to infrequently change during the on-line learning trials.
Unfortunately, the main difficulty of on-line learning is also a result of the requirement for continual label feedback. For many problems it is not possible to guarantee that accurate label feedback will be available in the near future. For example, when designing a system that learns how to do optical character recognition, typically some expert must label previous instances to help train the algorithm. In actual use of the OCR application, the expert is no longer available and no inexpensive outside source of accurate labels is available. Fortunately, there is a large class of problems where label feedback is always available. For any problem that consists of predicting the future, an on-line learning algorithm just needs to wait for the label to become available. This is true in our previous example of stock market prediction and many other problems.
A prototypical online supervised learning algorithm.
In the setting of supervised learning, or learning from examples, we are interested in learning a function formula_1, where formula_2 is thought of as a space of inputs and formula_3 as a space of outputs, that predicts well on instances that are drawn from a joint probability distribution formula_4 on formula_5. In this setting, we are given a loss function formula_6, such that formula_7 measures the difference between the predicted value formula_8 and the true value formula_9. The ideal goal is to select a function formula_10, where formula_11 is a space of functions called a hypothesis space, so as to minimize the expected risk:
In reality, the learner never knows the true distribution formula_4 over instances. Instead, the learner usually has access to a training set of examples formula_14 that are assumed to have been drawn i.i.d. from the true distribution formula_4. A common paradigm in this situation is to estimate a function formula_16 through empirical risk minimization or regularized empirical risk minimization (usually Tikhonov regularization). The choice of loss function here gives rise to several well-known learning algorithms such as regularized least squares and support vector machines.
The above paradigm is not well-suited to the online learning setting though, as it requires complete a priori knowledge of the entire training set. In the pure online learning approach, the learning algorithm should update a sequence of functions formula_17 in a way such that the function formula_18 depends only on the previous function formula_19 and the next data point formula_20. This approach has low memory requirements in the sense that it only requires storage of a representation of the current function formula_19 and the next data point formula_20. A related approach that has larger memory requirements allows formula_18 to depend on formula_19 and all previous data points formula_25. We focus solely on the former approach here, and we consider both the case where the data is coming from an infinite stream formula_26 and the case where the data is coming from a finite training set formula_14, in which case the online learning algorithm may make multiple passes through the data.
The algorithm and its interpretations.
Here we outline a prototypical online learning algorithm in the supervised learning setting and we discuss several interpretations of this algorithm. For simplicity, consider the case where formula_28, formula_29, and formula_30 is the set of all linear functionals from formula_2 into formula_32, i.e. we are working with a linear kernel and functions formula_33 can be identified with vectors formula_34. Furthermore, assume that formula_35 is a convex, differentiable loss function. An online learning algorithm satisfying the low memory property discussed above consists of the following iteration:
where formula_37 , formula_38 is the gradient of the loss for the next data point formula_20 evaluated at the current linear functional formula_40, and formula_41 is a step-size parameter. In the case of an infinite stream of data, one can run this iteration, in principle, forever, and in the case of a finite but large set of data, one can consider a single pass or multiple passes (epochs) through the data.
Interestingly enough, the above simple iterative online learning algorithm has three distinct interpretations, each of which has distinct implications about the predictive quality of the sequence of functions formula_42. The first interpretation considers the above iteration as an instance of the stochastic gradient descent method applied to the problem of minimizing the expected risk formula_43 are assumed to be drawn i.i.d. from the distribution formula_4, the sequence of gradients of formula_35 in the above iteration are an i.i.d. sample of stochastic estimates of the gradient of the expected risk formula_46 and therefore one can apply complexity results for the stochastic gradient descent method to bound the deviation formula_47, where formula_48 is the minimizer of formula_49. This interpretation is also valid in the case of a finite training set; although with multiple passes through the data the gradients are no longer independent, still complexity results can be obtained in special cases.
The second interpretation applies to the case of a finite training set and considers the above recursion as an instance of the incremental gradient descent method to minimize the empirical risk:
Since the gradients of formula_35 in the above iteration are also stochastic estimates of the gradient of formula_52 is the minimizer of formula_53.
The third interpretation of the above recursion is distinctly different from the first two and concerns the case of sequential trials discussed above, where the data are potentially not i.i.d. and can perhaps be selected in an adversarial manner. At each step of this process, the learner is given an input formula_54 and makes a prediction based on the current linear function formula_40. Only after making this prediction does the learner see the true label formula_56, at which point the learner is allowed to update formula_40 to formula_58. Since we are not making any distributional assumptions about the data, the goal here is to perform as well as if we could view the entire sequence of examples ahead of time; that is, we would like the sequence of functions formula_42 to have low regret relative to any vector formula_48:
In this setting, the above recursion can be considered as an instance of the online gradient descent method for which there are complexity bounds that guarantee formula_62 regret. 
It should be noted that although the three interpretations of this algorithm yield complexity bounds in three distinct settings, each bound depends on the choice of step-size sequence formula_63 in a different way, and thus we cannot simultaneously apply the consequences of all three interpretations; we must instead select the step-size sequence in a way that is tailored for the interpretation that is most relevant. Furthermore, the above algorithm and these interpretations can be extended to the case of a nonlinear kernel by simply considering formula_2 to be the feature space associated with the kernel. Although in this case the memory requirements at each iteration are no longer formula_65, but are rather on the order of the number of data points considered so far.

</doc>
<doc id="19892155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892155" title="The Beechfields Record Label">
The Beechfields Record Label

The Beechfields Record Label is an independent not-for-profit musician's cooperative record label from Baltimore, Maryland-noted for an artist-centered approach to releasing records. 
The philosophy that defines the The Beechfields was developed by Michael Nestor at The University of Maryland, Baltimore County in 2000 and the label was officially started in Baltimore in 2003 while Nestor was at The University of Maryland,School of Medicine. 
The Beechfields was designed as a reaction to the suppression of underground music by both major and independent labels. The musical and artistic outlook of the label was based on Virginia label Simple Machines founded by Jenny Toomey. In 2004, Michael Nestor was joined by local Baltimore musician Austin Stahl and both Nestor and Stahl produced, or played on the majority of the label's early releases. 
Originally centering on music traditionally categorized as lo-fi indie pop, in 2005 The Beechfields began releasing well produced indie records by bands like Private Eleanor and The Seldon Plan which gained the label local and national notoriety. The Beechfields used that new platform to extend from just releasing quality music to teaching musicians how to produce and assemble quality records on their own. Michael Nestor has given a number of lectures and symposia on starting an artist-centered approach to releasing records. The label does work with bands outside of Maryland, but has preferred to keep a strong Baltimore-centered identity, mostly supporting that music scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19892178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892178" title="I Enjoy the World With You">
I Enjoy the World With You

I enjoy the world with you () is a 1982 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Marie Poledňáková. The film was selected as the best Czech comedy ever made.
Plot.
Three middle-aged men go for a vacation into the mountains with their children, roughly two to eight years of age, and learn to cope with their youngsters' every-day needs without their wives. Quickly, the goal becomes to exhaust the kids so that the men might have some time to themselves in the evening, but nothing really works out as planned.

</doc>
<doc id="19892191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892191" title="Richard Gray's Power Company">
Richard Gray's Power Company

Richard Gray's Power Company was founded in 1998 by New Orleans based audiophiles Dick McCarthy and Richard Gray. RGPC designs and manufactures power management solutions for high-performance A/V equipment and whole-house electronics systems. Products are designed to combat common AC power line issues such as surges, spikes, brownouts, lightning strikes, ground loops, sags and line interference.

</doc>
<doc id="19892201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892201" title="Chandrabose (composer)">
Chandrabose (composer)

Chandrabose (died September 30, 2010) was an Indian Tamil language music composer and singer. He has composed music for more than 300 movies between late 1980s and early 1990s. In 2007 he made his debut on the silver screen as an actor.
Filmography.
Some of the hit songs he composed are:
Some of the songs he sang -
"Poonchittu Kuruvigalaa"..
"Yendi Muthamm yedhu punnagai"
He is also one of the judges on Idea Super Singer

</doc>
<doc id="19892204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892204" title="David Siegel (screenwriter)">
David Siegel (screenwriter)

David Siegel is an American motion picture screenwriter and director, and part of a long-standing writing-directing team with filmmaker Scott McGehee. 

</doc>
<doc id="19892215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892215" title="Alf (river)">
Alf (river)

The Alf is a small river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a left tributary of the Moselle. It rises in the Eifel, near Darscheid, east of Daun. The Alf flows south through Mehren, Gillenfeld and Bausendorf, where it turns east to flow into the Moselle in the village Alf. It is by the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19892221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892221" title="Association of Polish Culture of the Lviv Land">
Association of Polish Culture of the Lviv Land

Association of the Polish Culture of the Lviv Land () is a Polish minority association, active in Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It was founded on December 3, 1989 in Lviv and its first director was Professor Leszek Mazepa. It engages in educational, cultural and economic activities of the Polish minority of the surrounding Lviv area.
The Association has its main office in Lviv, in the house number 17 on Lviv's Main Square. It also has regional branches, in such towns as Boryslav, Dobromyl, Yavoriv, Drohobych, Lanivtsi, Mostyska, Rava-Ruska, Pnikut, Sambir, Sudova Vyshnia, Stryi, Semenivka, Susidovychi, Zolochiv, Zhovkva, Zhydachiv, Khodoriv, Chervonohrad and Skole. Its current president is Emil Legowicz and the Association publishes a Gazeta Lwowska biweekly. It also supports Association of Polish Doctors in Lviv (founded in March 1991), two choirs - "Lutnia" and "Echo", as well as a college for senior citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19892251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892251" title="Matchless Model 7">
Matchless Model 7

The Matchless Model 7 is a British 'touring' motorcycle designed and made by Harry and Charlie Collier. Based on the proven 85mm x 85mm JAP V-twin engine, the Model 7 had a two-speed transmission with a hub gear and an epicyclic gear for the low ratio, with a friction band clutch operated by a hand lever at the side of the fuel tank. Problems with unreliable belt drive were addressed by having two belts side by side, so when the first broke, the second would still work. The 770cc engine was started like a moped with pedals, and a small lever on the end of the silencer could be used to eject smoke and sparks. The paintwork was all done by hand in page grey with a forest-green panelled tank lined in gold pinstriping.
Matchless also produced a three-speed model that had a variable pulley and a moveable rear wheel, similar to the Zenith Gradua. Production was limited however, and after 1912 they concentrated on making their own engines until the First World War stopped production.

</doc>
<doc id="19892252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892252" title="Los Dos Bros">
Los Dos Bros

Los Dos Bros is a British television comedy about two half-brothers (Darren Boyd and Cavan Clerkin) who find themselves in a series of strange situations. They discuss their experiences back to a psychiatrist (Vicki Pepperdine).
The series started life as a Comedy Lab episode in 1999, this formed the basis of a pilot. Two years later a series consisting of six episodes were broadcast. The series was produced by Talkback Productions company for Channel 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19892253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892253" title="Legend of the Bat">
Legend of the Bat

Legend of the Bat, also known as Bat Island Adventure or Clans of Intrigue 2, is a 1978 Hong Kong film adapted from "Bianfu Chuanqi" of Gu Long's "Chu Liuxiang" novel series. The film was directed and written by Chor Yuen, produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, and starred Ti Lung as the lead character. It was preceded by "Clans of Intrigue" (1977) and followed by "Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman" (1982).
Plot.
Chu Liuxiang and Zhongyuan Yidianhong pass by a shipwreck and meet Master Kumei. They also discover that a group of highly skilled pugilists have been murdered at a gathering in Siming Mountain Manor. The only survivor is a man called Yuan Suifeng, who has become insane after being severely injured. They hear of Bat Island, a mysterious place where anyone can buy anything he desires, as long as he has money. Chu and his friends travel to the island to seek answers. However, they are not the only ones going there: Li Yuhan and his wife, Liu Wuming, are there in search of an extraordinary drug; Jin Lingzhi is there to find her father; a group of imperial guards are there to arrest the Bat Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="19892259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892259" title="Experience (Emerson)">
Experience (Emerson)

"Experience" is an essay by Ralph Waldo Emerson. It was published in the collection "" in 1844.
The essay is preceded by a poem of the same title. 
In one passage, Emerson speaks out against the effort to over-intellectualize life - and particularly against experiments to create utopias, or ideal communities. A wise and happy life, Emerson believes, requires a different attitude. The mention of "Education Farm" is a reference to Brook Farm, a short-lived utopian community founded by former Unitarian minister George Ripley and his wife Sophia Ripley.

</doc>
<doc id="19892268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892268" title="Multiplex (assay)">
Multiplex (assay)

A multiplex assay is a type of assay that simultaneously measures multiple analytes (dozens or more) in a single run/cycle of the assay. It is distinguished from procedures that measure one analyte at a time. Multiplex assays within a given application area or class of technology can be further stratified based on how many analytes can be measured per assay, where "multiplex" refers to those with the highest number of analyte measurements per assay (up to millions) and "low-plex" or "mid-plex" refers to procedures that process fewer (10s to 1000s), though there are no formal guidelines for calling a procedure multi-, mid-, or low-plex based on number of analytes measured. Single-analyte assays or low-to-mid-plex procedures typically predate the rise of their multiplex versions, which often require specialized technologies or miniaturization to achieve a higher degree of parallelization.
Multiplex assays are widely used in functional genomics experiments that endeavor to detect or to assay the state of all biomolecules of a given class (e.g., mRNAs, proteins) within a biological sample, to determine the effect of an experimental treatment or the effect of a DNA mutation over all of the biomolecules or pathways in the sample. The ability to perform such multiplex assay experiments measuring large numbers of biomolecular analytes has been facilitated by the completion of the human genome sequence and that of many other model organisms.
"Multiplex" versus "High-throughput".
Multiplex assays are often used in high-throughput screening settings, where many specimens can be analyzed using a multiplex (or other) assay. Strictly speaking, a multiplex assay is not necessarily high-throughput. When the execution of a single multiplex assay generates data for a large number of analytes (e.g., gene expression levels for all genes in the human genome), it is considered high-throughput. However, it is more the ability to rapidly process multiple specimens in an automated fashion that characterizes high-throughput techniques. Massive parallelization of assays is one way to achieve "high-throughput" status. Another way is via automating a manual laboratory procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="19892280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892280" title="Macau national security law">
Macau national security law

The Macau's national security law () is a law in Macau which prohibits and punishes acts of "treason, secession, and subversion" against the Central government, as well as "preparatory acts" leading to any of the three acts. Taken into effect on 3 March 2009, the purpose of the law is to fulfil Article 23 of the Macau Basic Law, the constitutional document of the Macau Special Administration Region.
History.
According to the Secretary for Administration and Justice Florinda da Rosa Silva Chan, the Macau bill has been drafting since 2004 with considerations for national security laws of other countries, particularly Portugal and Italy. As up until 1999, Macau was a colony of Portugal. The draft unveiled on 22 Oct 2008 outlined Macau's proposal to ban treason, attempts to overthrow the Chinese government and theft of national secrets. Some of the proposed offenses carry a maximum penalty of 25 years in jail.
Response to drafting of the law.
Edmund Ho, Chief Executive of Macau, said in a press conference that the bill targets "serious criminal behavior" and will not limit protests or criticism of Beijing. He further said "Chanting a few slogans, writing a few articles criticizing the central government or the Macau government, these activities won't be regulated by this proposed law." Macau Legislator Au Kam-san said "We don't want to see any mainland style national security law. It would be acceptable to enact a law based on the Johannesburg Principles.
Political commentator Larry So Man-yum said the legislation would do well in Macau given residents' patriotism and their lack of awareness about civil rights. "There will be absolutely no problem. Compared to Hongkongers, Macau people have high levels of acceptance for the central government. No "Broomhead" will emerge in Macau." In 2003, Secretary for Security Regina Ip was nicknamed "Broomhead" for attempting to sell Article 23 in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong government on 22 October responded with having no plan to embark on the legislation, adding its most pressing commitments are economic and livelihood issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19892289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892289" title="2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors">
2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors

The 2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 37th edition of the event known that year as the Davidoff Swiss Indoors, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the St. Jakobshalle in Basel, Switzerland, from October 23 through October 29, 2006.
The announced singles field featured World No. 1, Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open champion, recent Tokyo titlist Roger Federer, Australian Open and French Open semifinalist, Estoril winner David Nalbandian, and Madrid Masters and Vienna runner-up Fernando González. Also lined up were Halle and Mumbai finalist Tomáš Berdych, Stuttgart winner David Ferrer, Andy Murray, José Acasuso and Agustín Calleri.

</doc>
<doc id="19892298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892298" title="Cotalpa consobrina">
Cotalpa consobrina

Cotalpa consobrina is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19892300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892300" title="HMS Amphitrite (1778)">
HMS Amphitrite (1778)

HMS "Amphitrite" was a 24-gun "Porcupine"-class sixth-rate post ship of the Royal Navy. She served during the American Revolution primarily in the economic war. On the one hand she protected the trade by capturing or assisting at the capture of a number of privateers, some of which the Royal Navy then took into service. On the other hand, she also captured many American merchant vessels, most of them small. Unfortunately, "Amphrite" was wrecked early in 1794.
Construction and commissioning.
"Amphitrite" was ordered on 8 January 1777 from Deptford Dockyard, and laid down there on 2 July 1777. She was built under the supervision of Master Shipwright Adam Hayes, and was launched on 28 May 1778. She was commissioned into navy service on 22 July 1778, having cost a total of £12,737.6.6d to build, including the cost of fitting out and coppering.
Career.
She was commissioned in May 1778 under the command of Captain Thomas Gaborian. She initially operated as part of the squadron off the Downs. There she captured the French privateer "Agneau" on 15 August. "Amphitrite" shared with the sloop , and the cutters , , , and , in the capture on 24 May of the French privateers "Dunkerque" and "Prince de Robcq", which had "eight ransomers" aboard. Then on 6 July "Amphitrite" and the cutter captured the shallop "Samuel and Elizabeth".
In 1780 "Amphitrite" passed under the command of Captain Robert Biggs. She was among the vessels sharing in the proceeds of the capture in January 1780 of the brig "Kitty" and the ship "Jolly Tar". Biggs sailed "Amphitrite" to North America in May that year. On her arrival she joined Graves's squadron.
In June 1781 Admiral Mariot Arbuthnot sent "Amphitrite" and several other vessels to attempt to intercept some French reinforcements from entering Boston.
On 30 June "Amphitrite" captured the brig "Adventure". One month later, on 30 July, , "Amphitrite", and the armed ship "General Monk" shared in the capture of the schooner "Neptune". The squadron that Arbuthnot sent to Boston recaptured the on 7 July.
On 7 September 1781 "Medea" captured the "Belisarius", "a fast sailing frigate of 26 guns and 147 men, belonging to Salem". "Medea" captured her off the Delaware River. "Amphitrite" and shared in the capture. The Royal Navy took her into service as the sixth rate , but then sold her in 1783, after the end of the war.
On 10 September Admiral Graves received two letters from Biggs dated 10 September, at Boston. Biggs mentioned that together with the armed ship "General Monk", "Amphitrite" had captured four prizes. Then on 4 September she had encountered a French ship of the line and a frigate off Cape Ann, but had escaped them. Lastly, Biggs reported that on 2 September had captured with "Magicienne" on 2 September off Cape Ann. Biggs reported that the French lost 60 men killed and 40 wounded; the British lost one man killed and one man wounded.
Between 20 August and 31 October "Amphitrite" made a number of captures:
"Amphitrite" may have come under the command of Captain Robert George temporarily in November 1781.
Between 11 November and 23 March 1782, "Amphitrite" took three vessels: the schooner "Betsey" (12 January), and the brigs "Sally" (13 February) and "Peggy" (20 February). "Amphitrite" and then took the privateer "Franklin" on 3 April off the Chesapeake. She was in ballast. Five days later the same two captured the brig "Gale", off Cape Henry. She was taking coffee to Amsterdam. Then on the 14th, they took the brig "Patty", also off Cape Henry. She was carrying flour to Havana. That same day they took the brig "Nymphe", also off Cape Henry, and also carrying flour to Havana.
On 2 May "Amphitrite" and "Amphion" were off Match Springs when they captured three vessels on their way to Philadelphia. "Fair American" and the brig "Adriana" were carrying rum and dry goods. The sloop "Alpin" was carrying sugar and coffee. and the privateer "Digby" shared in the capture of the "Adriana" and the "Alpin".
, a sloop of 10 guns, was the Massachusetts privateer "Amsterdam", which "Amphitrite" captured on 19 October. The British took "Observer" into the Royal Navy and sold her on 21 October 1784.
On 12 November, "Amphitrite" captured the brig "Adventure", the schooner "Salisbury", the ship "Rattlesnake", and the sloop "Phoenix". On 5 December she captured the ship "Bellisarius", brig "Marianne", and schooner "Neptune".
"Amphitrite" continued to take prizes in 1782:
"Amphitrite", , , and captured the sloop "Lark". "Amphitrite" alone captured the ship "Salem Packet", the brigs "Amsterdam"," Dolphin", and "Minerva", and the sloops "Dove" and "Fox".
American records show that in late January 1783, "Amphitrite", Captain Robert George, captured the former Massachusetts privateer and now letter of marque "Apollo". She sent "Apollo" into New York where she was condemned and sold in March.
Between the wars.
After the end of the American War of Independence "Amphitrite" returned to Britain and was paid off in January 1784. She underwent a small repair between 1783 and 1784, followed by a larger one between 1790 and 1793, after which she was fitted out at Woolwich.
French Revolutionary Wars.
"Amphitritie" was recommissioned in April 1793 with the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, under Captain John Child Purvis. On 23 July 1793 she arrived at Portsmouth from Lymington under the command of Captain Bowyer.New Forest Military Archive She came under the command of Captain James Dickinson in April 1794, and then Captain Anthony Hunt the following month. Hunt sailed her to the Mediterranean where she was on the Toulon station with Vice Admiral Hood.
Fate.
On 30 January 1794 "Amphitrite" was wrecked after striking an uncharted submerged shoal whilst entering Leghorn harbour. Efforts were made to save her, but they were futile and she was abandoned as a wreck. A court martial on 3 February acquitted Hunt of blame.
Footnotes.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="19892301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892301" title="Juan Velasco (disambiguation)">
Juan Velasco (disambiguation)

Juan Velasco was a left-leaning Peruvian General who ruled Peru from 1968 to 1975 under the title of "President of the Revolutionary Government."
"Juan Velasco" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19892309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892309" title="Days/Green">
Days/Green

"Days/Green" is the forty-fourth single (forty-fifth overall) by Ayumi Hamasaki, released on December 17, 2008. In addition to the A-sides "Days" and "Green", the single contains re-recorded versions of Hamasaki's songs "" and "To Be". The single became Hamasaki's 31st single to reach number one on the Oricon and 19th consecutive overall.
The single is certified Gold for shipment of 100,000 copies.
Release and packaging.
"Green", one of the A-sides from the single, was released through online music store Dwango and Recochoku. It was also used in an advertisement for Panasonic. This single was released in two versions: "Days/Green" contains an updated "Love: Destiny". "Green/Days" contains an updated "To Be". Besides the B-sides, there is no difference in the two versions of the CDs other than the track order. However, the DVD of "Days/Green" contains the "making of" shot of the "Days" video, and the DVD of "Green/Days" contains the "making of" shot of the Green PV. Each version of the single was released in CD+DVD and CD-only formats, both having slightly different cover jackets. The first press of the two CD+DVD versions was packaged in a vertically long casing, similar to the first press editions of Ayumi Hamasaki's previous single "Mirrorcle World". Some online retailers included a B2 size poster of the "Days/Green" CD+DVD cover for all versions of the single.
Commercial and promotional videos.
The music videos for "Green" and "Days" were shot during a tour stop in Shanghai, China.
Green premiered on November 26, 2008 on MTV Japan. The music video depicts Hamasaki as a nightclub singer in 1930s Shanghai, styled after the Ang Lee film "Lust, Caution". The video reportedly costs $1,600,000 and is directed by Kazuyoshi Shimomura. In the video, Ayumi rushes to a cabaret where she performs. As she is performing, a woman (Played by Saito Midori) is enticed by her presence. Later on, the woman finally dances with her.
Days was Hamasaki's first music video to be shot in anamorphic 16:9 widescreen. Retailer Peach John sold a limited-edition replica of the outfit Hamasaki wore in the "Days" music video. The music video premiered December 3, 2008. The music video is set in a ghetto and she plays a sweet girl who gets woken by her boyfriend"s motorcycle, Ayumi goes downstairs and her boyfriend gives her a helmet, she then goes out with her boyfriend and later she sees a ring what she wants and she starts asking her boyfriend to buy it but the boyfriend says no, after she finds her boyfriend at a dance practice and she starts saying words to him but the boyfriend just dances, Then it goes back to the scene where she gets waked up by the motorcycle, she then goes downstairs and greats her boyfriend, but this time her boyfriend gives it to another woman who is wearing the ring what Ayumi wanted before and she walks away sadly and now her ex-boyfriend"s friends come to Ayumi and the video ends. There is also inter-cut scenes of Ayumi in a basement.

</doc>
<doc id="19892313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892313" title="Cecil R. Paul">
Cecil R. Paul

Cecil Roland Paul (1935–1992) was a minister, educator, community leader, and academic. He died at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was the second president of the Eastern Nazarene College to die in office. The Cecil R. Paul Center for Business, part of the Adams Executive Center on the Old Colony Campus of Eastern Nazarene, is named in his honor.
Early life and education.
A Canadian by birth, Paul was born in rural Alberta, in a log cabin with no running water. He would later attend Canadian Nazarene College in Red Deer, Alberta and pursue graduate study at Nazarene Theological Seminary in Kansas City, Missouri before earning a doctoral degree in psychology and pastoral counseling from Boston University.
Career and ministry.
An ordained minister in the Church of the Nazarene, Paul joined the faculty of the Eastern Nazarene College in 1963, and has been credited with developing the school's psychology program. He also founded the college's division of adult and graduate studies in 1981, increasing total enrollment by nearly 50 percent. He then served from 1989 to 1992 as president of the college. Paul also founded the Beechwood Community Life Center, also in Wollaston, Massachusetts, and was a co-founder of the Senior Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19892321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892321" title="Hanley railway station">
Hanley railway station

Hanley railway station was built by the North Staffordshire Railway as part of the Potteries Loop Line and served the town of Hanley, Staffordshire, England.
The original station opened along with the first section of the Loop in 1864, but when the latter reached Burslem in 1873, a new station was built on a sharp curve (8 chains radius) in a cutting below Trinity Street. The old station remained in use for goods traffic.
No trace of the station remains today; the cutting is filled in and is the site of a car park. 

</doc>
<doc id="19892340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892340" title="Cotalpa lanigera">
Cotalpa lanigera

Cotalpa lanigera is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19892345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892345" title="Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, Quebec">
Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, Quebec

Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours is a municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It is located along the Ottawa River, about east of Gatineau. It was formerly known as Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours-Partie-Nord. It is the least populated municipality in the Papineau Regional County Municipality.
The northern portion of the municipality is undeveloped wilderness, mostly part of the Kenauk Reserve. This protected wilderness domain was formerly known as "Reserve de la Petite Nation", but is now a privately owned fish and game reserve of Château Montebello.
History.
The area was part of the Petite-Nation Seigneury, formed in 1674 and originally owned by François de Laval, the first bishop of New France. The seigneury was acquired in 1803 by Joseph Papineau, who became its first civilian lord, and later sold to his son Louis-Joseph Papineau.
The area became of interest economically when England was forced to rely on its colonies for wood for construction of its vessels during the Napoleonic blockade of 1807. It was full of oaks, pines, and maples regarding which Surveyor Joseph Bouchet wrote in 1815: "the terrain rises and is covered with wood of the best species: oaks are of high quality and particularly of large size, suitable for the construction of vessels."
In 1815 the original mission of Notre Dame de Bonsecours was created and in 1821 a chapel dedicated to "Notre-Dame de Bonsecours" (Our Lady of Good Help) was constructed. On September 31, 1831, the bishop of Quebec Bernard-Claude Panet granted a petition signed by Denis-Benjamin Papineau and over 75 tenants for the formation of a parish. His decree called the new parish Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours-de-la-Petite-Nation and also recommended the people of Bonsecours to acquire the civil recognition of the Governor General of Canada, Lord Aylmer.
On June 18, 1845, the Governor General of the Provinces of Canada, Charles Metcalfe, enacted the establishment of local and municipal authorities in Lower Canada, including the Municipality of Petite-Nation which included the Parish of Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours-de-la-Petite-Nation. However, this municipality was abolished in 1847.
On July 1, 1855, Queen Victoria sanctioned the Municipal Act which allowed the parish to get official civilian recognition, known as Parish Municipality of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours-de-la-Petite-Nation.
On August 22, 1878, Montebello separated from the parish municipality.
In 1918, the large rural and forested area of the parish municipality separated and formed the Parish Municipality of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours-Partie-Nord. In 1951, the Parish Municipality of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours became the Municipality of Fassett. And in 2003, the Parish Municipality of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours-Partie-Nord became the Municipality of Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 121
Languages:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19892355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892355" title="Moez Zemzemi">
Moez Zemzemi

Moez Zemzemi (born August 18, 1975) is a boxer from Tunisia. He represented his native North African country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There he was stopped in the first round of the men's bantamweight (– 54 kg) competition by Cuba's eventual gold medalist Guillermo Rigondeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="19892356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892356" title="William Christopher Wordsworth">
William Christopher Wordsworth

William Christopher Wordsworth CIE (1878 – 12 December 1950) was a British academic and journalist in India.
Life.
Wordsworth was educated at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and Jesus College, Oxford. In 1905, he was appointed as a lecturer at St John's College, Battersea (a predecessor institution of University College Plymouth St Mark & St John), before joining the Indian Educational Service in 1907. He was Professor of Political Economy at the Presidency College, Calcutta and then became Assistant Director of Public Instruction for Bengal before returning to the Presidency College as Principal in 1915. In 1917, he became Director of Public Instruction. After his retirement, he joined "The Statesman", becoming assistant editor and also acting as the Calcutta correspondent for "The Times". He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire. Wordsworth died at Alkham, near Dover, Kent on 12 December 1950, not long after returning to Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19892372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892372" title="Cotalpa subcribrata">
Cotalpa subcribrata

Cotalpa subcribrata is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19892373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892373" title="Julio A. Garcia">
Julio A. Garcia

Julio Arnoldo Garcia, Sr. (July 2, 1941 – October 16, 2008) was a prominent attorney from Laredo, Texas, defined by a headline writer as a "legal lion" known for his passion, shrewdness, and theatrics in the courtoom." Garcia also served from 1981 to 1988 as the Democratic district attorney of the 49th Judicial District of heavily Hispanic South Texas. The district then included Webb, Zapata, Dimmit, and Jim Hogg counties, but it is now confined to Webb and Zapata counties.
Early years, family, education, military.
Garcia was born in Laredo to Julio Garcia (1910–1974) and the former Antonia Rubio (1914–1987). His father was employed by the Texas Mexican Railway, and his mother created the first neighborhood group and the first savings and loan association in Laredo. Garcia graduated with honors in 1959 from the Roman Catholic-affiliated St. Joseph Academy in Laredo. Thereafter, he procured his Bachelor of Arts and Doctor of Laws degrees from the Catholic St. Mary's University in San Antonio. After St. Mary's, Garcia was a second lieutenant in the United States Army artillery. In 1964, he married the former Rosario Flores (born October 8, 1941), an educator and philharmonic singer. The couple had three children: Leticia (born 1964), Cristina (April 22, 1967—February 20, 1999), and Julio, Jr. (born 1970). Leticia and Julio became attorneys and practiced law, both criminal and civil, with their father at the former law office at 2602 Arkansas Street.
Mrs. Garcia was named the "Outstanding Educator" of 2007 by the Texas Homeless Network, which cited her decade of teaching homeless children at Bethany House in Laredo. Retired from the United Independent School District, she was thereafter affiliated with Texas A&M International University in Laredo. She is a pioneer in bilingual education and the open classroom concept.
Legal practice.
Garcia began his legal career in San Antonio at the law office of Arthur A. Domangue (1917–1977) in the Tower Life Building. He specialized in worker's compensation and represented more than three hundred injured employees in his first year of practice. In 1967, he and Rosario returned to Laredo, where he joined the firm of Raymond Goodman (1917–1985) and William W. Allen. He then took cases as public defender for the indigent before the 49th Judicial District Court, the first state court created in Webb County by the Texas Legislature. He also became involved in charitable, legal, and community projects. He helped to establish a program to treat heroin users through the administration of methadone. He served as chairman of the Laredo Migrant Council. Each year he donated many hours of legal services to the underprivileged. He helped to establish the Laredo legal aid program and worked against child abuse.
Garcia was known for his craftiness and originality in the courtroom. He often wore cowboy boots. He once told a justice of the peace that the judge had no authority to dismiss the case before them. The JP said, "Watch me," and dismissed the case. Garcia replied, "Thank you" and walked out of the courtroom, having tricked the JP into doing what Garcia wanted. Garcia even once pounded on the bar in front of the jury so strongly that he broke a bone in his hand.Garcia frequently took tough cases, having once defended former first assistant district attorney Ramon Villafranca on federal corruption charges.
In 2004, Garcia represented the three cousins, Larry Dovalina (Laredo city manager from 2000 to 2006), Agustin Dovalina (then Laredo police chief), and Ramon H. Dovalina (Laredo Community College president from 1995 to 2007), in a $6 million libel suit against the "Laredo Morning Times" and then reporter Tricia Cortez after the newspaper on June 13, 2004, carried a story about a controversy over property tax appraisals. The article quotes a Laredo citizen, Patricio Canavati, who called the trio "Robalinas". The "LMT" itself did not question the Dovalinas' integrity but instead quoted Canavati, owner of Quality Motors, in a public meeting. The suit was ultimately dropped in 2007, after Ramon Dovalina had already withdrawn from the case. The plaintiffs could not prove both malice on the part of the "LMT" and a "reckless disregard for the truth," as required for public figures who seek libel judgments.
Webb County campaigns.
In 1980, Garcia won a hard-fought Democratic nomination for district attorney for the right to succeed the retiring Charles Robert Borchers (1943–1997), who served from 1973 to 1980. Garcia was reelected in 1984 but did not pursue a third term in 1988, when he was succeeded by a distant relative, Joe Rubio, Jr. He resumed private practice in 1989 and was ultimately joined by his daughter and son.
Garcia began working in political campaigns with the election of his father-in-law, Porfirio Lauro Flores (1912–1993), as Webb County sheriff. Flores was unseated in the Democratic primary in 1976 by his former senior deputy, Mario Santos, Jr.
In 1978, Garcia managed the race of his former law associate, Antonio Adolfo "Tony" Zardenetta, for the 111th District Court, the second of four state courts to have been created in Laredo. Zardenetta, a cousin of Mrs. Garcia's, had previously served for three years by appointment as judge of the county court-at law in Laredo. Now of San Antonio, Zardenetta recalled: "Julio took charge of everything. He was one heck of a campaign manager. He was like El Cid from Spain, galvanizing all the troops and marshaling all the resources," recalled Zardenetta in an interview with the "Laredo Morning Times" on the occasion of Garcia's death. Carlos Zaffirini, Sr., another Laredo lawyer and the husband of State Senator Judith Zaffirini, said that Garcia's greatest strength in politics was in energizing grassroots supporters.
Julio Garcia, Jr., said that his father had a "passion for the law . . . so intense and so deep that it piqued your interest. . . . He's irreplaceable. There was nobody like him. He's one of those characters that someone who's writing a best-seller would dream up. . . . "
Judge Oscar J. Hale, Jr., elected in 2004 and 2008, described his fallen friend as one who "exemplified the work ethic and perseverance in all aspects of life. Our community may be saddened that it has lost one of its best advocates for justice, but we should all rest assured knowing that in heaven, we now have our own legal guardian." Hale's father, Oscar Hale, Sr., chief investigator for the DA's office, called Garcia "a tough guy with a big heart."
Death and legacy.
Garcia had a history of diabetes. He died in Laredo Medical Center of complications from pneumonia and a staphylococcus infection.
In addition to his wife and two surviving children and law partners, he was survived by three grandchildren, Zoraida, Julio, III, and Benjamin Garcia; a sister, Laura Leticia Garcia Magnon, and his mother-in-law, Esperanza Flores. In 1964, Laura Magnon (1937 - 2012), a biology teacher, became a member of the founding faculty of J. W. Nixon High School in Laredo; the science building there is named in her honor.
Services for Julio Garcia were held on October 21, 2008, at San Agustin Cathedral in the historic downtown plaza. A "Who's Who of Laredo" was in attendance. Banker Jorge Verduzco declared: "God gives us His love. He lends us His love. Thank you, dear Lord, for lending us Julio." Father Dominic Francis Peridans, previously with the Congregation of St. John in Laredo, presided over the mass. Father Francis described Garcia as "a rock of strength for so many."
Interment was in the family plot of Calvary Catholic Cemetery off Saunders Street. Pallbearers included Judge Jesus "Chuy" Garza and DA Joe Rubio.
In an interview with the "Laredo Morning Times" upon Garcia's death, outgoing DA Joe Rubio recalled his predecessor as being one who was available to "help out" in both the legal and political realms. "gave young lawyers who came back to Webb County to practice advice, financial support. He'd help us get started, dozens of us. . . . He not only had a legal mind, but he was a great trial attorney. He had the ability to connect with the jury. He could explain complicated theories in everyday terms. And his work ethic was tremendous. Nobody was going to outwork him in preparing for a trial. That same work ethic applied to politics. When he wanted to support someone for public office, he was relentless in preparing a political campaign."
U.S. District Judge George P. Kazen, who grew up as Garcia's neighbor, recalled him as "a high-intensity kind of guy. . . . Certain people are giants of their profession, and by definition, they are just a select few. was one of them."

</doc>
<doc id="19892382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892382" title="2000 Asian Super Cup">
2000 Asian Super Cup

The 2000 Asian Super Cup was the 6th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 2000 competition was contested by Al Hilal of Saudi Arabia, who won the 1999-2000 Asian Club Championship, and Shimizu S-Pulse of Japan, the winners of the 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup.
Al-Hilal.
1Al-Hilal goals always recorded first.
Shimizu S-Pulse.
1Shimizu S-Pulse goals always recorded first.

</doc>
<doc id="19892389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892389" title="Émile Nouguier">
Émile Nouguier

Émile Nouguier (17 February 1840 – 20 February 1898) was a French civil engineer and architect. He is famous for co-designing the Eiffel Tower, built 1887–1889 for the 1889 Universal Exposition in Paris, France, the Garabit viaduct, the highest in the world at the time, near Ruynes-en-Margeride, Cantal, France, and the Faidherbe Bridge over the Sénégal River in Senegal.
In 1861 he attended and graduated the École Polytechnique in Paris, in 1862 he joined the École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris from which he graduated in 1865 with the title of mining construction engineer.
Early career.
After graduating, Émile Nouguier started to work for "Ernest Goüin et Cie." and was involved in the construction of:
Career with Gustave Eiffel.
In 1867 Émile Nouguier was employed by "Eiffel et Cie", later the "Compagnie des Establissments Eiffel" owned by Gustave Eiffel and between 1867 and 1893 he contributed to many construction projects:
Contribution to the Eiffel Tower.
In 1884 Nouguier and the structural engineer Maurice Koechlin, who also worked for Eiffel, came up with the idea of a large tower to act as the centrepiece of the Universal Exposition which was to be held in 1889. The two engineers consulted Stephen Sauvestre, head of the architectural division of the Eiffel company, who added embellishments including the decorative arches of the base and the glazed pavilion on the first level.
The proposal was put before Eiffel, who approved the project, and presented it to the French Minister for Trade and Industry. 
In 1884 Gustave Eiffel, Émile Nouguier and Maurice Koechlin registered a patent for the construction of pylons with heights of over 300 m. Later Gustave Eiffel bought the rights from the other two for one percent of the total earnings of the tower if it will be built. They received around 50,000 francs.
Last years of activity.
In 1893 Émile Nouguier resigns from the "Gustave Eiffel Entreprise" and becomes co-president of the Nouguier, Kessler et Cie Company in Argenteuil, Île-de-France. He continued to work for many important projects:
He died on 20 February 1898 a few days after the Saint-Bernard Bridge in Paris was officially opened, at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="19892391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892391" title="Centerville, Ulster County, New York">
Centerville, Ulster County, New York

Centerville is a small community in Ulster County, New York, USA. Centerville is located along New York State Route 212, about west of Interstate 87, and several miles east of Catskill State Park. The community is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="19892394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892394" title="Voznesensky Avenue">
Voznesensky Avenue

Voznesensky Prospekt () is a 1.8 km long street in Admiralteysky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Crossing Saint Isaac's Square, the Moika (Blue Bridge) and Griboyedov Canal (Voznesensky Bridge), the street spans from Admiralteysky Prospekt to Izmaylovsky Bridge across Fontanka, where it turns into Izmaylovsky Prospekt. According to the city plan of 1737, the center of Saint Petersburg should develop along three radial axes meeting at the Admiralty's spire: Nevsky Prospekt, Gorokhovaya Street and Voznesensky Prospekt. In 1923-1991 the street was named Mayorov Prospekt (Проспект Майорова) after a prominent Bolshevik killed in the Russian Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="19892399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892399" title="Askern railway station">
Askern railway station

Askern railway station was a station on the former Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway between Doncaster and Knottingley. It served the small mining village of Askern in South Yorkshire, England.
History.
The branch line of the Wakefield, Pontefract and Goole Railway (WP&GR) between (on the WP&GR) and Askern Junction (on the London and York Railway, a predecessor of the Great Northern Railway) was authorised on 16 July 1846. It opened on 6 June 1848, and "Askern", from Knottingley, was one of the original stations. In the meantime, the WP&GR had amalgamated with the Manchester and Leeds Railway and others on 9 July 1847 to form the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR). The L&YR became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station was closed to regular passenger traffic from 10 March 1947, and to all passenger traffic from 27 September 1948. It remained open for goods traffic ever since. The station was passed over to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation. It had been reopened for limited service by 3 August 1980.
The site today.
Trains still pass the site as the line is still open for freight traffic, and since May 2010, regular passenger trains operated by Grand Central pass through to and from London Kings Cross. Although there is no station at Askern today, the two platforms still remain from 1948.
In September 2008, as part of Doncaster Borough Councils report on rail corridors in the borough Askern, along with 7 other sites, was listed as one of the stations suitable for reopening in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19892401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892401" title="Lieser (river)">
Lieser (river)

The Lieser is a small river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a left tributary of the Moselle. It rises in the Eifel, near Boxberg, north of Daun. The Lieser flows south through Daun, Manderscheid and Wittlich. It flows into the Moselle west of the village of Lieser.

</doc>
<doc id="19892408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892408" title="Uterine serous carcinoma">
Uterine serous carcinoma

Uterine serous carcinoma (USC), also known as uterine papillary serous carcinoma (UPSC) and uterine serous adenocarcinoma, is an uncommon form of endometrial cancer that typically arises in postmenopausal women. 
It is typically diagnosed on endometrial biopsy, prompted by post-menopausal bleeding.
Unlike the more common low-grade "endometrioid endometrial adenocarcinoma", USC does not develop from endometrial hyperplasia and is not hormone-sensitive. It arises in the setting of endometrial atrophy and is classified as a type II endometrial cancer. 
Diagnosis.
The lesion is found in patients who present typically with abnormal or postmenopausal bleeding. Such bleeding is followed by further evaluation leading to a tissue diagnosis, usually done by a dilatation and curettage (D&C). A work-up to follow would look for metastasis using imaging technology including sonography and MRI. The median age at diagnosis in a study of 138 women was 67 years, of these 54 had stage I, 20 stage II, 41 stage III, and 23 stage IV disease. 
Histopathologically, uterine serous carcinomas is typically characterized by (1) nipple-shaped structures (papillae) with fibrovascular cores (2) marked nuclear atypia (irregularies in the nuclear membrane, enlarged nuclear size), (3) psammoma bodies and (4) cilia.
Prognosis.
Prognosis of the UPSC is affected by age, stage, and histology as well as treatment.
Staging.
UPSC is staged like other forms of endometrial carcinoma at time of surgery using the FIGO cancer staging system.
Survival.
In the older literature survival rates have been given as 35–50% for Stage I–II and 0–15% for Stage III and IV UPSC, More recently it was reported that forty-two percent of 138 patients were found disease-free at five years.
In 2009, the journal of "Gynecologic Oncology" reported the following 5-year survival rates based upon stage of cancer:
Treatment.
The primary treatment is surgical. FIGO-cancer staging is done at the time of surgery which consists of peritoneal cytology, total hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, pelvic/para-aortic lymphadenectomy, and omentectomy. The tumor is aggressive and spreads quickly into the myometrium and the lymphatic system. Thus even in presumed early stages, lymphadenectomy and omentectomy should be included in the surgical approach. If the tumor has spread surgery is cytoreductive followed by radiation therapy and/or chemotherapy. 
In a study to determine if adjuvant therapy should be used in patients with stage I UPSC who had undergone surgery, no increased survival was seen when radiation therapy was added versus observation, while the postsurgical treatment with chemotherapy may be beneficial but more data are needed.
A study of the usefulness of platinum-based chemotherapy as an adjuvant after surgery of stage I patients showed that patients with stage 1A who had no residual disease in the hysterectomy specimen had no recurrence regardless if chemotherapy was used or not, however, patients with stage 1A disease with residual disease in the hysterectomy specimen had no recurrence with platinum-based therapy, but those who had no such chemotherapy showed recurrence in 43%. Similarly, patients with stage 1B disease with chemotherapy had no recurrence, while those without chemotherapy had a high degree (77%) of recurrence.
Trastuzumab.
In a recent study, about 60% of USCs were found to overexpress the protein HER2/neu--the same one that is overexpressed in some breast cancers. The monoclonal antibody trastuzumab (Herceptin) is currently being tested as a therapy for this subset of USCs.
The antibody trastuzumab (Herceptin), which is used to treat breast cancers that overexpress the HER2/neu protein, has been tried with some success in a phase II trial in women with UPSCs that overexpress HER2/neu.

</doc>
<doc id="19892416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892416" title="Stoomcentrum Maldegem">
Stoomcentrum Maldegem

Stoomcentrum Maldegem (SCM), literally Maldegem Steam Centre, is a heritage railway located at Maldegem in northern Belgium. It is located at the former NMBS station. Standard gauge trains run on the line to Eeklo, where the SCM has its own station. A Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge line runs to Donk on the former line to Bruges; this was supplemented by the standard gauge line in 1989, but this has since become disused.

</doc>
<doc id="19892417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892417" title="Inke Arns">
Inke Arns

Inke Arns (born 1968, Duisdorf/Bonn) is an independent curator and author. After having held positions at Humboldt University in Berlin, Hochschule für Grafik und Buchkunst Leipzig, Hochschule für Gestaltung und Kunst (HGK) in Zürich and Piet Zwart Institut in Rotterdam, she has been the artistic director of "Hartware MedienKunstVerein" since 2005, a contemporary art space in Dortmund, Germany. She has curated numerous exhibitions, particularly in the field of media art. Her publications include studies of the Slovenian NSK movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19892425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892425" title="Man's Fate (film)">
Man's Fate (film)

"Man's Fate" was an abandoned 1969 film to have been directed by Fred Zinnemann and produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).
Pre-production.
Following the critical and commercial success of his 1966 film "A Man for All Seasons", which won the Academy Award for Best Picture and earned Zinnemmann the Best Director Oscar, the filmmaker announced plans to create a film version of André Malraux's "Man's Fate" ("La Condition Humaine"), a 1933 novel about the failed 1927 Communist revolution that took place in Shanghai, China, and the existential quandaries facing a group of people whose lives were changed by the event.
"I had an enormous, enormous need to do "Man's Fate" because that book was a bible to us in my generation," said Zinnemann in a late-life interview. "It was one of the great novels of the '30s and '40s and to be asked to make a film of it was one of the greatest events of my life."
MGM agreed to produce the film. Zinnemann began his career as a feature film director at that studio with the thriller "The Seventh Cross" (1944).
The screenplay for the film adaptation was created by the Chinese-born novelist Han Suyin, best known for her 1952 book "A Many-Splendoured Thing". Zinnemann scouted out locations in Malaysia and Singapore, with interior scenes to be shot at the MGM studios in London, where sets and costumes were created. David Niven, Peter Finch and Liv Ullmann were signed as the stars of the film.
Cancellation.
The pre-production process for "Man's Fate" stretched three years before it reached the production stage. During this period, MGM began to experience severe financial problems. James T. Aubrey, a former production chief for the CBS television network, was hired in 1969 as the studio's new president. One of his earliest decisions was to cancel all planned films that did not show signs of commercial viability. Zinnemann’s $US 3 million version of "Man's Fate" was one of 12 films that Aubrey halted. The production of "Man's Fate" was canceled one week before filming was to begin. (The others included a big screen version of "Tai-Pan" by James Clavell.)
Zinnemmann would later state that his cast and crew continued working without salaries in the period between the news of the cancellation was made public and the scheduled start of filming on November 24, 1969. "I soon found that no one in the unit wanted to stop rehearsing, salary or no salary," he later recalled. "We worked for three more days until the script was fully rehearsed, scene by scene. Then, after the usual farewell party as if on the set of a real picture, everybody went home."
Aftermath.
Zinnemann later sued MGM for damages relating to the cancellation, with the case being settled in his favour in 1973.
The Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci proposed adapting the film in the 1980s to the Chinese government; they preferred his alternative proposal, "The Last Emperor", a 1987 biopic based around the life of the Chinese Emperor Puyi.
In 2001, U.S. filmmaker Michael Cimino announced he would create a film version of "Man's Fate", with Daniel Day-Lewis, John Malkovich, Uma Thurman and Johnny Depp in the lead roles. To date, the proposed film has not been made.

</doc>
<doc id="19892426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892426" title="Chandrabose">
Chandrabose

Chandrabose or Chandra Bose may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19892434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892434" title="Ben Guiney">
Ben Guiney

Benjamin Franklin Guiney (November 16, 1858 to December 5, 1930), was an American professional baseball player, who played in and with the Detroit Wolverines, of the National League. He batted right and left and threw right-handed. Guiney had a .083 career batting average, with one career hit in 12 at-bats. 
He was born and died in Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19892440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892440" title="Presente">
Presente

Presente may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19892449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892449" title="Charles Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym">
Charles Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym

Prince Charles Louis of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (; Schaumburg, 16 May 1723 – Schaumburg, 20 August 1806), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Bernburg branch and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
He was the third (but second surviving) son of Victor I Amadeus Adolph, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, by his first wife Charlotte Louise, daughter of William Maurice, Count of Isenburg-Büdingen-Birstein.
Life.
The death of his elder brother the Hereditary Prince Christian in 1758 made him the new heir of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym. Fourteen years later, in 1772, Charles Louis finally succeeded his father in the government of the principality.
Marriages and Issue.
First marriage.
When Charles Louis was a young officer in a regiment in the service of the Netherlands, he fell in love with Benjamine Gertrude Keiser called "Kaiserinn" or "Keyser" (b. Stevensweert, 1 January 1729 - d. Belleville, near Paris, 6 January 1787), daughter of a Dutch captain. Without the consent of his father, Charles Louis married her in Stevensweert on 25 March 1748. They had one daughter:
The marriage was declared null and void by a court in The Hague on 26 July 1757, and the Charles Louis and Benjamine's attempts to have their daughter recognized as a princess of Anhalt were rejected by the Reichshofrat on 11 May 1778; likewise. an attempt to obtain the title of countess of Anhalt was rejected on 14 September. Finally, Charles Louis obtained for his daughter the title of Baroness of Bärenthal (German: "Freifrau von Bärenthal"); however, some sources name Victoria Hedwig Karoline as a princess of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
Second marriage.
In Braunfels on 12 December 1765 Charles Louis married Amalie Eleonore (b. Braunfels, 22 November 1734 - d. Schaumburg, 19 April 1811), daughter of Frederick William, Prince of Solms-Braunfels. They had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="19892456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892456" title="David John Jones">
David John Jones

David John Jones (31 December 1870 – 14 March 1949) was a Welsh Anglican priest, who served as Dean of Llandaff from 1931 to 1948.
Life.
Jones was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a third-class degree in Theology in 1893. He then studied for the priesthood at St Michael's College, in Aberdare, south Wales, and was ordained in 1894, becoming curate in Llanelli. In 1897, he returned to St Michael's College as chaplain, becoming vicar of Port Talbot in 1901, then vicar of Roath in 1920. He was appointed Dean of Llandaff in 1931, retiring as Dean Emeritus in 1948. He died in Cardiff, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19892464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892464" title="Mohamed Marmouri">
Mohamed Marmouri

Mohamed Salah Marmouri (, September 18, 1967) is a retired amateur boxer from Tunisia. He represented his native North African country twice at the Summer Olympics: in 1996 and 2000. He won a bronze medal at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="19892474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892474" title="Ocean deoxygenation">
Ocean deoxygenation

Ocean deoxygenation is a term that has been suggested to describe the expansion of oxygen minimum zones in the world's oceans as a consequence of "anthropogenic" emissions of "carbon dioxide" .
Oceanographers and others have discussed what phrase best describes the phenomenon to non-specialists. Among the options considered have been 'ocean suffocation' (which was used in a news report from May 2008 ), 'ocean oxygen deprivation' , 'decline in ocean oxygen', 'marine deoxygenation', 'ocean oxygen depletion' and 'ocean hypoxia'.

</doc>
<doc id="19892493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892493" title="McGregor, British Columbia">
McGregor, British Columbia

McGregor is a community located between Sinclair Mills and Upper Fraser on the north bank of the Fraser River in Central British Columbia. It was established as a post office under the name Dewey on 1 February 1915. Confusion between "Dewey" and "Dewdney" led to the name being changed to "Cornel Mills" on 2 July 1956 at the request of the residents. It was renamed again to "McGregor" on 11 April 1966. The post office closed 8 October 1970.
McGregor, as well as the McGregor River, were named after Captain James Herrick McGregor, a Canadian soldier killed in action in World War I, who, prior to enlisting, had done much of the exploration and survey work in the area around the townsite.
VIA rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the McGregor railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19892498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892498" title="Will Gabig">
Will Gabig

Will Gabig is an American politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Career.
Prior to his tenure as a state legislator, Gabig volunteered as a Moot Court Judge for both the Dickinson School of Law and Widener University School of Law. He also volunteered as an instructor for the Pennsylvania Game Commission Academy and the Harrisburg Area Community College’s Municipal Police Academy. He also had a position as a part-time instructor at Troy State University’s Armed Forces Branch Campus.
Gabig was first an Assistant District Attorney in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania then a Senior Assistant District Attorney in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Gabig launched his career in the U.S. Navy as a Judge Advocate. He rose to the rank of Commander and continued afterward to serve as a reservist.
He announced that he would not seek re-election in 2010.
Personal.
Gabig earned his Bachelor of Science in 1979 from Saint Vincent College, Latrobe, Pennsylvania, majoring in political science and minoring in economics. In 1985, Gabig earned his Juris Doctor at the Duquesne University School of Law. He later graduated from the National Institute for Trial Advocacy.
He is actively involved in his community as a member of the Cumberland County Bar Association, Cumberland County Law Enforcement Officer’s Association, the Marine Corps League, the Carlisle Fish and Game Club, Knights of Columbus Council 4057 and the American Legion Post 101.
He and his wife, a veterinarian, have two children and reside in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19892501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892501" title="Chelsea Grammar School">
Chelsea Grammar School

The former Chelsea Grammar School is located on Liberty Street in Chelsea, New York, United States. It is an intact one-room schoolhouse from the late 19th century, when the hamlet was a thriving Hudson River port.
In 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places since it has remained largely intact since its construction. Its use as a school ended in the mid-20th century when the smaller local school districts of the area were consolidated into the Wappinger Central School District. Since then, the local fire department has used half of it as a community center, and the United States Postal Service has leased the other half for use as the local post office, serving the 12512 ZIP Code.
Building.
The building is a one-story rectangular brick building with a gabled roof covered in asphalt shingles. It is pierced at the east (front) end by a square frame bell tower with paired arched louvered vents on all four sides. The roof overhangs the walls with a broad fascia; there is no other attempt at ornament.
On the front facade, the entranceway's segmented and hooded openings are flanked by two windows with arched heads and corbeled brick hoods. A marble datestone with "1875" on it is set into the gable side above the entrance, and a louvered oculus is near the apex.
Both sides have four tall and narrow window openings, now filled with louvers. All are topped with a corbeled and segmented brick lintel and have a stone sill beneath. There are two similar windows in the rear, as well as a newer one, and an enclosed entranceway.
Inside, it retains many of its classroom features, including the blackboards. It has been partitioned since then for its use as a post office.
History.
An 1858 map of the Chelsea area shows an earlier school on the same site. When the new one was built, the Gothic Revival style echoed the steeply-pitched roofs of neighboring St. Mark's Episcopal Church, built in the mid-1860s in the same style. The placement of the two buildings, on a rise in the middle of the community overlooking the river that was its commercial lifeblood, reflected their importance within Chelsea.
A few changes have been made since its construction, most since its use as a school ended. The original front doors have been replaced with metallic fire doors. A window has been added to the rear along with an enclosed entryway and a shed built in the rear. When the post office came in, the side windows were louvered shut.

</doc>
<doc id="19892545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892545" title="Sinkyone Wilderness State Park">
Sinkyone Wilderness State Park

Sinkyone Wilderness State Park is a state park in Mendocino County, California. The wilderness area borders the Pacific Ocean to the west and the King Range National Conservation Area to the north. The nearest settlement is the unincorporated town of Leggett. The lack of major road and highway access has led to the Sinkyone Wilderness area being referred to as the Lost Coast.
History.
The area takes its name from the native Sinkyone tribe of the area. It was a fertile hunting ground for the Native Americans, providing nearly constant access to fresh fish and meat from the ocean, especially important during the winter months. 
Further development through the years saw trails and roads cut through the area for business and industry, both for logging access to the raw timber, and for access to the native tanbark for the San Francisco tanneries. Logging operations continued well into the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19892553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892553" title="Eristalinus">
Eristalinus

Eristalinus is a genus of hoverfly. Most species have very distinctive eye marking in the form of spots or banding, though these features may fade on some preserved specimens. Most are stout flies, and are nimble flyers, even compared to other hoverfly species.
Systematics.
At one time the members of this genus were divided into three clades ("Eristalinus", "Eristalodes" and "Lathyrophthalmus") based on morphological characters such as whether the eyes were spotted or striped. Recently Pérez-Bañon "et al." studying the European species of "Eristalinus" using a combination of molecular data and male genitalia characters have determined that the genus in Europe at least, divides neatly into two clades - "Eristalinus" (+ "Lathyrophthalmus") & "Eristalodes". It was also discovered that the eye patterning was not taxonomically important as "Eristalodes" contained members with eyes either spotted or striped.
The following list is an attempt to organise some of the species under subgeneric headings:
List of species by subgenus.
Eristalinus
Lathyropthalmus 
Eristalodes
Helophilina 
Merodonoides 
External links.
For photos of North American species see BugGuide page: http://bugguide.net/node/view/33249/bgimage?from=0

</doc>
<doc id="19892556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892556" title="Felix Ogbuke">
Felix Ogbuke

Onyedika Félix Ogbuke (born September 18, 1985 in Enugu) is a Nigerian football player.
Career.
Club.
He was on trial for FC Lyn Oslo in October 2008, but nothing materialized.
In the beginning of 2011 he's become a player of Legia Warsaw. He returned to Apollon half year later.
International.
He has played for the Nigerian U-23 team in the 2004 Olympic Qualifiers.
Personal.
He is sometimes mentioned as the "brother" of TSG 1899 Hoffenheim striker Chinedu Ogbuke, but later admitted "We don't have the same parents, but we have grown up in the same house together".

</doc>
<doc id="19892562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892562" title="Merab (given name)">
Merab (given name)

Merab is a Georgian masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19892574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892574" title="NYSurfFilmFestival">
NYSurfFilmFestival

Founded in 2007, the New York Surf Film Festival held its inaugural event September 26–28, 2008 at Tribeca Cinemas with 25 films screened from all over the world, including a special 30th Anniversary screening of Warner Brothers' Big Wednesday directed by John Milius & co-written with Denny Aaberg.
Submission Guidelines.
The New York Surf Film Competition is open to independently produced feature-length and short films in the surf genre. In order to be considered for the Festival’s Film Competition for U.S and International films, submitted films must have been completed after January 1, 2004. The running time for features must be greater than 30 minutes. Films under 30 minutes in length are eligible for participation in the Short Film Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19892582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892582" title="French frigate Engageante (1766)">
French frigate Engageante (1766)

Engageante was a 26-gun frigate of the French Navy, lead and only ship of the Engageante class. The British captured her in 1794 and converted her to a hospital ship. She served as a hospital ship until she was broken up in 1811.
French service.
"Engageante" was built in Toulon to a design by Jean-François Etienne. She was the sole ship of her class.
From 1781, she took part in the American Revolutionary War, including the Hudson Bay Expedition in 1782.
Capture.
She was captured, along with "Pomone" and , off the Île de Batz during the Action of 23 April 1794. Her captor was . "Engageante" suffered 30 to 40 men killed and wounded. "Concorde" lost one man killed and 12 wounded. In the evening after the action "Engageante"s masts fell overboard, and "Concorde"s masts were kept upright only with great difficulty.
British service.
She was subsequently recommissioned in the Royal Navy and registered as the hospital ship HMS "Engageante" on 27 July 1794.
She was commissioned at Cork in February 1805 under Lieutenant William Fry. She served for a while as Vice-Admiral Robert Kingsmill's flagship.
In 1796 Lieutenant Henry Parker replaced Fry, but drowned in January 1797. In 1798 Fry returned to command, but he died in 1801. In 1801 Lieutenant Barrington Mansfield assumed command, only to die within the year.
Fate.
"Engageante" was broken up at Plymouth in May 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="19892603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892603" title="Rollersville, Ohio">
Rollersville, Ohio

Rollersville is an unincorporated community on the border between Madison and Scott townships in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States. It is located on the Grand Army of the Republic Highway (U.S. Route 6), approximately west of Helena, Ohio. Rollersville had a post office from 1839 to 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="19892614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892614" title="Key relevance">
Key relevance

No two copies of keys are exactly the same, unless they were both made from key blanks that are struck from the same mould or cut from the same duplicating/milling machine with no changes to the bitting settings in between. Even under these favorable circumstances, there will be minute differences between the two key shapes, though their key relevance is extremely high.
In all machining work, there are measurable amounts of difference between the design specification of an object, and its actual manufactured size. In locksmithing, the allowable tolerance is decided by the range of minute differences between a key's size and shape in comparison to the size and shape required to turn the tumblers within the lock. Key relevance is the measure of similarity between the key and the optimal size needed to fit the lock, or it is the similarity between a duplicate key and the original it is seeking to replicate.
Key relevance cannot be deduced from a key code, since the key code merely refers to a central authoritative source for designed shapes and sizes of keys.
Typical modern keys require a key relevance of approximately to (accuracy within 0.75% to 1.75%) in order to operate.
Other applications.
"Key relevance" may also be applied to types of electronic locks when used to refer to similarities in magnetic signatures or radio codes, though truly digital-coded radio signals do not have key relevance ratings because they must have precise unlocking codes, with no degree of difference whatsoever in order to operate.
The term has also occasionally been co-opted by broader mechanical engineering to refer to the similarity of fit between two interlocking machined parts, although "tolerance" or "backlash" has gained far wider adoption and acceptance in usage.

</doc>
<doc id="19892620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892620" title="Oppenheim's sign">
Oppenheim's sign

Oppenheim's sign is dorsiflexion of the big toe elicited by irritation downward of the medial side of the tibia
Positive sign indicates a damage to the pyramidal tract.
It is named for Hermann Oppenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19892622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892622" title="Mohamed Ali Sassi">
Mohamed Ali Sassi

Mohamed Ali Sassi (born March 20, 1980) is a Tunisian Olympic boxer . He represented his native North African country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. There he was stopped in the first round of the Men's Light-Welterweight (– 64 kg) competition by France's Willy Blain. 
Ali Sassi qualified for the Athens Games by winning the gold medal at the 1st AIBA African 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Casablanca, Morocco. In the final of the event he defeated home fighter Hicham Nafil. He won a bronze medal at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="19892656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892656" title="Ocean Bank">
Ocean Bank

Ocean Bank is the largest independent state-chartered commercial bank headquartered in Florida*. With $3.25 billion in assets and 613 employees, it is one of the five largest banks in Miami-Dade County, where Ocean Bank has most of its 21 branches. Founded in 1982, Ocean Bank traditionally has been a bank used by real estate developers, construction companies and land owners. The bank also is aggressively positioned in the domestic and international private banking industry and in commercial and industrial loans.
The bank offers its customers financial products that include 24-hour banking services, Ocean Plus Home Banking from home or office, commercial and personal loans, factoring, cash management and merchant card services.
Community.
The bank supports several community programs and education, including the United Way, the Orange Bowl Committee, Camillus House, Florida International University, Florida Memorial University, Belen Jesuit Preparatory School, The Carrolton School and The Dade Public Education Fund.
Executive Officers.
<br>
A. Alfonso Macedo, President and CEO<br>
Terry Curry, Executive Vice President and COO<br>
Miguel Cervoni, Executive Vice President / Wealth Management<br>
Ralph Gonzalez-Jacobo, Executive Vice President / Branch Administrator<br>
Sam Monti, Executive Vice President / Chief Credit Officer<br>
Stan Rubin, Executive Vice President and CFO<br>
Yuni Navarro, Senior Vice President / Human Resources<br>
Cheryl Rees, Senior Vice President / Marketing
Branches.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY
Main Office, Airport West, Bird Road, Brickell, Coral Gables, Coral Way, Downtown Miami, Miami Beach, Miami Lakes, Palm Springs, West Flagler, West Hialeah, West Miami, Doral, East Kendall, Miller Drive and Kendall.
BROWARD COUNTY
Downtown Ft. Lauderdale, Embassy Lakes, Taft Street and Weston.

</doc>
<doc id="19892681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892681" title="Lark Camp">
Lark Camp

Lark Camp World Music, Song & Dance Celebration, originally called Lark in the Morning Music Celebration, is an American annual week-long world music and dance celebration that includes dozens of instructional workshops for both professional and beginner musicians and dancers.
Camp instructors come from all over the world to staff the workshops.
Lark Camp takes place in the Mendocino Woodlands State Park, a National Historic Landmark built in the 1930s, nestled in of redwood trees, ferns, and glades, near the coastal village of Mendocino, California, USA.
There are three primary camps, divided by the following criteria, with workshops, sessions, dances and events: 
There are hundreds of workshops offered daily and jam sessions 24 hours a day. Each evening there are dances where everyone can participate. 
History.
Established in 1980 by Mickie Zekley, Lark Camp was created to allow traditional musicians and dancers to get together and share their music and dance. The event is an open forum for musicians, singers and dancers to exchange ideas and learn.
Some of the history leading up to the event can be found at "Adventures Of A Street Musician"
Stories About Lark Camp.
Some articles online about Lark Camp are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19892703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892703" title="Eric J. Magnuson">
Eric J. Magnuson

Eric John Magnuson (born January 27, 1951) is an American lawyer in private practice. He was the Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court from 2008 to 2010.
Education and professional background.
Magnuson was born in Morris, Illinois. He graduated from the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis in 1972, and from William Mitchell College of Law in Saint Paul in 1976. During his third year of law school, Magnuson
clerked for future state Chief Justice Douglas Amdahl, then a Hennepin County district judge. The following year, he clerked for then-Chief Justice Robert Sheran.
Magnuson joined the Minneapolis law firm of Rider Bennett in 1977. An appellate lawyer in the state and federal courts, he served as president of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers and founded the Eighth Circuit Bar Association. Governor Tim Pawlenty chose him to chair the state Commission on Judicial Selection from 2003 to 2008. In 2007, after Rider Bennett dissolved, he joined the Minneapolis law firm of Briggs & Morgan.
Supreme Court term.
On March 17, 2008, Governor Pawlenty appointed Magnuson Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court to succeed the retiring Russell A. Anderson. He was sworn in on June 2, 2008.
Magnuson served on the State Canvassing Board for the United States Senate election in Minnesota, 2008.
On March 11, 2010, Magnuson announced that he would be stepping down as chief justice on June 30, 2010, returning to the private practice of law. In his resignation letter to the governor, he cited "reasons personal to me and my family."
On May 5, 2010, Magnuson authored a 4-3 decision of the Minnesota Supreme Court, ruling that Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty had overstepped his authority by rescinding funding passed by the Minnesota legislature. The ruling was notable in that Pawlenty was Magnuson's former law partner.
Post-Supreme Court.
Magnuson became a partner at Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi, L.L.P., and teaches at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. In 2014, the Minnesota Vikings hired Magnuson and Chris Madel to lead an independent investigation concerning the Vikings' termination of Chris Kluwe.

</doc>
<doc id="19892713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892713" title="Upper Fraser, British Columbia">
Upper Fraser, British Columbia

Upper Fraser is a community located between Willow River and McGregor on the Fraser River in central British Columbia. The post office was opened 1 August 1942.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Upper Fraser railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19892724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892724" title="Magnetic Man">
Magnetic Man

Magnetic Man is a British electronic music project from London, consisting of dubstep producers and DJs Benga, Skream and Artwork (previously known as Menta). The trio first met in the late 1990s at the Big Apple Records store in Croydon. They performed using three computers, one playing drum samples, one playing basses and the third playing leads and other samples. Artwork controlled the master laptop, to which the other two are synchronised via MIDI. Their sets usually consisted of a mix of original tracks produced together, and live remixes of Benga and Skream's tracks, accompanied by synchronised projected visuals by Novak Collective. They signed to Columbia Records in February 2010. Magnetic Man completed their first full-length sellout tour on 5 November 2010. Their eponymous debut studio album, "Magnetic Man", was released through Sony by Columbia Records on 10 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19892736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892736" title="Sami Khelifi">
Sami Khelifi

Sami Khelifi (, January 1, 1974) is a boxer from Tunisia. He represented his native North African country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There he was stopped in the first round of the Men's Light-Welterweight (– 63.5 kg) competition by Russia's Aleksandr Leonov. Khelifi won a silver medal at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="19892761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892761" title="Teatro Farnese">
Teatro Farnese

Teatro Farnese is a Baroque-style theatre in Parma, Italy. It was built in 1618 by Giovanni Battista Aleotti. The theatre was almost destroyed by an Allied air raid during World War II (1944). It was rebuilt and reopened in 1962.
Some claim this as the first permanent proscenium theatre (that is, a theatre in which the audience views the action through a single frame, which is known as the "proscenium arch").
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="19892768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892768" title="Ode to Venus">
Ode to Venus

Ode to Venus - Second Niemen's English-language album recorded in 1973. Album was released in West Germany by CBS (European section of Columbia Records). Record was done with notable help of Józef Skrzek of SBB.
Track listening.
All lyrics translated to English by Paweł Brodowski.

</doc>
<doc id="19892776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892776" title="Hard Rock Miner's Handbook">
Hard Rock Miner's Handbook

The Hard Rock Miner's Handbook is a reference book that deals with the underground hard rock mining industry. Written by Jack de la Vergne as a not for profit publication, the first edition was published in 2000 by McIntosh Engineering, a mining engineering consulting company. It is currently in its third printing, is used by thousands people in the mining industry, including students, professors, miners, engineers and mining executives as a source of practical mining information, as well as "Rules of Thumb" and "Tricks of the trade" are used widely in the mining industry. Copies of the handbook have been distributed to more than 113 countries around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19892781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892781" title="Compressor station">
Compressor station

A compressor station is a facility which helps the transportation process of natural gas from one location to another. Natural gas, while being transported through a gas pipeline, needs to be constantly pressurized at intervals of 40 to 100 miles. Siting is dependent on terrain, and the number of gas wells in the vicinity. Frequent elevation changes and a greater number of gas wells will require more compressor stations.
The gas in compressor stations is normally pressurized by special turbines, motors and engines.
The compressor station, also called a pumping station, is the "engine" that powers an interstate natural gas pipeline. As the name implies, the compressor station compresses the natural gas (increasing its pressure) thereby providing energy to move the gas through the pipeline.
Pipeline companies install compressor stations along a pipeline route. The size of the station and the number of compressors (pumps) varies, based on the diameter of the pipe and the volume of gas to be moved. Nevertheless, the basic components of a station are similar.
Liquid Separators.
As the pipeline enters the compressor station the natural gas passes through scrubbers, strainers or filter separators. These are vessels designed to remove any free liquids or dirt particles from the gas before it enters the compressors. Though the pipeline is carrying “dry gas,” some water and hydrocarbon liquids may condense out of the gas stream as the gas cools and moves through the pipeline.
Any liquids that may be produced are collected and stored for sale or disposal. A piping system directs the gas from the separators to the gas compressors.
Prime Movers.
There are three commonly used types of engines that drive the compressors and are known as "prime movers":
Turbine / Centrifugal Compressor.
This type of compression unit uses a natural gas-fired turbine to turn a centrifugal compressor. The centrifugal compressor is similar to a large fan inside a case, which pumps the gas as the fan turns. A small portion of natural gas from the pipeline is burned to power the turbine.
Electric Motor/Centrifugal Compressor.
In this type of compressor unit, the centrifugal compressor is driven by a high voltage electric motor. One advantage of electric motors is they need no air emission permit since no hydrocarbons are burned as fuel. However, a highly reliable source of electric power must be available and near the station.
Reciprocating Engine/Reciprocating Compressor.
These large piston engines resemble automobile engines, only much larger. Commonly known as “recips,” these engines are fueled by natural gas from the pipeline. Reciprocating pistons, located in cylinder cases on the side of the unit, compress the natural gas. The compressor pistons and the power pistons are connected to a common crankshaft. The advantage of reciprocating compressors is that the volume of gas pushed through the pipeline can be adjusted incrementally to meet small changes in customer demand.

</doc>
<doc id="19892801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892801" title="Sterling (program)">
Sterling (program)

Sterling is a fractal-generating computer program written in the C programming language in 1999 for Microsoft Windows by Stephen C. Ferguson. Sterling was initially released as freeware but currently a $35 fee is required to download it from Ferguson's site. Sterling2 is a freeware version of Sterling with different algorithms. It was released in September 2008 by Tad Boniecki. Apart from the name (which shows as sterlingwar2 in the title bar and on the About screen), the program looks just like the original Sterling. The only internals that are different are the 50 formulae for fractal generation. Parameter files made by Sterling can be used in Sterling2 and vice versa, though they will draw different images.
Sterling is based on the notion that one way to generate interesting fractal images is by using elaborate color filters and shading. In many images, the main interest lies in the filters rather than the actual fractal boundaries themselves, as in traditional fractal-generating programs. The fractal merely serves as a seeding function to the coloring algorithms and filters. A feature of Sterling is the richness of the renders.
Sterling has a simple GUI interface with a limited number of functions. The program saves files as JPEG, BMP or one of six other formats. It draws in Julia mode, allows inside-out rendering and does anti-aliasing. It offers 32 different renders and four transform effects. There are three independent color controls and two ways to zoom into an image.
The Sterling2 ZIP file (436 kb) contains brief instructions. There is no installation — it is enough to put the executable and dynamic-link library files in the same directory and start the exe file.

</doc>
<doc id="19892803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892803" title="Pure Rock">
Pure Rock

Pure Rock is the seventh full-length album from electronic music producer Global Goon. It was limited to 50 copies, with handmade numbering for each album in the bottom-right corner. It was released on J-HOK, his own self-run label.

</doc>
<doc id="19892809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892809" title="Acoustic 07">
Acoustic 07

Acoustic 07 is a 2-disc compilation album, released under V2 Records in the United Kingdom on March 12, 2007. The collection is the seventh of V2 Records' popular "Acoustic" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19892850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892850" title="Phil Waller">
Phil Waller

Phil Waller (28 January 1889 – 14 December 1917) was an English-born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and Johannesburg. He won six caps for Wales and also played for the British Isles in their 1910 tour of South Africa.
Rugby career.
Waller joined Newport in 1906 and represented the club on 79 appearances. While playing in Britain he represented two county teams, Somerset and Monmouthshire. In 1908 Waller turned out for Newport against the touring Australian team.
Waller made his debut for Wales against the same touring Australian team he faced with Newport. The next year he was selected to play in all three matches of the 1909 Home Nations Championship. In his first Home Nations match against England he was joined by fellow Newport player Jack Jones and Swansea's Jack Bancroft. Wales won all their matches and won the Triple Crown. Wales and Waller also faced France during 1909, and after beating them Wales also won the unofficical Grand Slam. Waller played once more for Wales, again against France in a record breaking game in 1910.
Waller was chosen in 1910 to represent the British Isles team in their tour of South Africa. Waller was chosen to play in all three tests, and after the tournament was over, elected to stay in South Africa and played for Johannesburg's Golden Lions. After the outbreak of World War I, Waller enlisted in the South Africa Artillery Regiment. He was killed by shellfire at Arras in North France in 1917.
International matches played.
Wales
British Isles
<br> 1910, 1910, 1910

</doc>
<doc id="19892853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892853" title="David William Evans">
David William Evans

Sir David William Evans (4 November 1866 – 17 March 1926) was a Welsh lawyer and public servant, who played a leading role in the fight against tuberculosis in Wales. In his early adult life, Evans was a very keen sportsman and played rugby union for Oxford University and Cardiff. He played five international matches for Wales national rugby union team between 1889 and 1891.
Life.
Evans was born at Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, his father (Thomas Evans) being a merchant and musician. Evans was educated at Llandovery School and Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1885. He won his "Blue" at rugby in 1887 and 1888, but the Cambridge University team won on both occasions. He played for the Wales national rugby union team against the Irish and Scottish teams in 1889, and against the English and Irish teams in 1890 and 1891. He was admitted as a solicitor in 1893, and practised in Cardiff. In 1913, he was appointed as director and legal advisor of the King Edward VII National Memorial Association for the Prevention and Treatment of Tuberculosis; his obituary in "The Times" said that his "keenness and energy" in this role "unquestionably had far-reaching effects on the health of the Principality". He was also a member of the council of the Cardiff Royal Infirmary, the Prince of Wales's Hospital, the Nursing Association, the National Eisteddfod Association, the National Council of Music, and the Ministry of Health Consultative Council for Wales. He was knighted in 1925 "for public services in Wales". Shortly before his death, he was installed as Master of the Hendre Lodge of Freemasons. He died in Cardiff on 17 March 1926, having been suffering with a heart condition for some time that had required him to spend the previous four months away from work.

</doc>
<doc id="19892857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892857" title="Rima Fakih">
Rima Fakih

Rima Fakih () (born September 22, 1985) is an American beauty pageant contestant, and winner of the 2010 Miss USA title, and trained to be a professional wrestler in WWE as a WWE Diva. She represented the state of Michigan in the Miss USA 2010 pageant, having previously won the 2010 Miss Michigan USA competition. She competed on the fifth season of "WWE Tough Enough" but was eliminated from the show on the fourth episode.
Personal life.
Fakih was born in Srifa, a small city in the Jabal Amel region of Southern Lebanon, to a Shi'a Muslim family. As a young child, she lived in the village of Souk El Gharb in Mount Lebanon, and attended St. Rita's, a Catholic school near Beirut. In 1993, her parents, Hussein and Nadia Fakih, moved their family to New York in order to escape effects of the Lebanese Civil War. Fakih attended St. John's Preparatory School, a Catholic high school in Queens, and her father ran a restaurant in Manhattan. In New York, Fakih's family felt they were subjected to threats and vandalism based on events in the Middle East, and business at her father's restaurant declined following the September 11, 2001, attacks. In 2003, her family moved to the large Arab-American community in Dearborn, Michigan. Fakih and her family are Muslim, but they also celebrate elements of Christianity, such as Christmas.
Fakih resides in Dearborn. She graduated from Henry Ford Community College, went on to earn degrees in economics and business management from the University of Michigan–Dearborn, and plans to attend law school after her year-long reign. She has a sister, who returned to live in Lebanon, and two brothers. Prior to winning the Miss USA title she worked as a sales associate at the Detroit Medical Center, developing and recruiting in the Arab American community.
Pageants.
Fakih competed in her first pageant when she was nineteen, placing fourth runner-up at Miss Wayne County, a preliminary pageant for Miss Michigan in the Miss America system. She also competed in three smaller international pageants.
Miss Lebanon Emigrant.
In 2008, Fakih was selected to represent Michigan in the Miss Lebanon Emigrant competition. The event is part of the Miss Lebanon pageant, and is open to young women who are Lebanese or of Lebanese origin, living in countries of the overseas Lebanese community. Fakih placed third in the contest, held August 13 in Batroun, Lebanon, finishing behind Carina El Kaddissi of Brazil and Jessica Kahawaty of Australia.
Miss USA.
Fakih won the Miss Michigan USA pageant on September 19, 2009 at the McMorran Place Theater Port Huron. In May 2010 she represented Michigan at the Miss USA 2010 pageant held at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. She won the Miss USA title on May 16, 2010, breaking a 5 year streak of Southern states winning and becoming the first Miss Michigan USA to win the national title since Kenya Moore in 1993.
Fakih is widely believed to be the first Lebanese American, the first Arab American and the first Muslim to win the Miss USA title; however, pageant officials stated their records are not detailed enough to confirm these claims. The first Michigan delegate to win the Miss USA title, Carole Gist, became the first African-American Miss USA in 1990.
During and after the Miss USA pageant, Fakih's religious and ethnic identity became the subject of widespread discussion. On the subject of identity, she was quoted as saying "I'd like to say I'm American first, and I am an Arab-American, I am Lebanese-American, and I am Muslim-American."
Many Arab Americans celebrated Fakih's victory, but some Muslims felt she did not properly represent their religion. Muslim scholar Ghazal Omid wrote "To say that she is a Muslim is inaccurate. No Muslim woman can call herself a ... Muslim and be on stage with her bikini". Responding to the issue in interviews, Fakih said she and her family are Muslims and respect the religion, but they may not be as strict as many people and do not define themselves by their religion; they view themselves as more "spiritual" than "religious" and appreciate all religions. On the subject of the planned Islamic cultural center and mosque in New York, Fakih stated, "I totally agree with President Obama with the statement on the constitutional rights of freedom of religion. it shouldn't be so close to the World Trade Center. We should be more concerned with the tragedy than religion."
Miss Universe.
As holder of the Miss USA title, Fakih represented the United States in the 2010 Miss Universe pageant, held at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas on August 23. Fakih did not place as a semi-finalist and was the first Miss USA since Shauntay Hinton, Miss USA 2002, to not place at the Miss Universe pageant.
Legal issues.
Fakih was arrested for drunk driving in Highland Park, Michigan, on December 3, 2011. She was convicted and sentenced to 6 months of probation, $600 fine and 20 hours of community service on May 9, 2012.
Other media.
Fakih appeared as a guest star on the November 29, 2010, edition of "WWE Raw", where she crowned Sheamus, the winner of the King of the Ring tournament. In December 2010, at WWE Tribute to the Troops she served as the ring announcer for the matches. She later competed on "WWE Tough Enough" on USA and was eliminated in week four. Due to conflicting schedule with promotional events for Miss USA 2011, Fakih was the only contestant not to appear on the live final episode. In 2012, she participated in Fox's dating game show "The Choice".
She is listed number 86 on AskMen.com's top 99 women 2011 edition. On May 24, 2011, The Roots performed a freestyle song about her during her appearance on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". She also appears in the movie "Real Steel", starring Hugh Jackman, which premiered on October 7, 2011. Fakih revealed that she is receiving wrestling training hinting a future as a WWE Diva 

</doc>
<doc id="19892869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892869" title="Hansard, British Columbia">
Hansard, British Columbia

Hansard is a railway point on the Canadian National Railway located northwest of the junction of the Fraser River and the Bowron River in central British Columbia, near the community of Upper Fraser.

</doc>
<doc id="19892880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892880" title="Marc Comb">
Marc Comb

Marc Comb is an English Rugby Union player that currently plays provincial rugby for North Otago in the Heartland Championship.
North Otago.
Marc Comb joined the North Otago side in 2008 when he came off the bench against Auckland in the Ranfurly Shield encounter. Comb played most of north otago's Heartland Championship matches, starting in a few, but had to miss a couple through to injury.
Luton.
Marc Comb played five matches for Luton in the National Division Three South competition from 2007–08. During that time he managed to score ten points (two tries against Dings Crusaders) and was sin binned against Havant.

</doc>
<doc id="19892899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892899" title="Kwäday Dän Ts'ìnchi">
Kwäday Dän Ts'ìnchi

Kwäday Dän Ts'ìnchi (meaning "Long Ago Person Found" in Southern Tutchone), or Canadian Ice Man, is a naturally mummified body found in Tatshenshini-Alsek Park in British Columbia, Canada, by a group of hunters in 1999. Radiocarbon dating of artifacts found with the body placed the age of the body at between 300 and 550 years old. The find, while not as old, was comparable in condition and value to Ötzi the Iceman, remains dating to 3300 BC that were found in the Ötztal Alps in 1991.
DNA testing of more than 200 volunteers from the local Champagne and Aishihik First Nations revealed 17 individuals who are related to the ice man through their direct maternal line. They were excited to have their deep connections to the area affirmed.
The discovery.
Three sheep hunters, Bill Hanlon, Warren Ward and Mike Roche, discovered a number of artifacts and a human body in a melting glacier while hunting near the Yukon border on August 14, 1999 (). The hunters were walking along a glacier, above the tree line, and noticed some bits of wood, which they thought unusual given their location. They examined the wood, and noticed carvings and notches, possibly indicating the wood formed the frame of a backpack. Searching with binoculars, Ward discovered the body in the ice. On August 16, the party reported their find to Beringia Centre staff, and turned in a number of artifacts they collected from the site. 
Before making a public announcement, the Centre notified representatives of the Champagne and Aishihik First Nations, whose historic territory is here. They visited the site and decided to name the person Kwäday Dän Ts'ìnchi, which means "Long Ago Person Found." A team of archeologists was assembled to assess the find, and the First Nations were further consulted about the project. They supported having scientific studies done.
Description.
The remains had been dismembered after death, probably by shifting ice due to thermal cracking and slumping along the edge of the glacier. The first part found was the torso, with left arm and mummified hand still attached. The lower body was found a few meters away, with the thighs and muscle still attached. The head was missing, as were the right arm and lower right leg, though his hair, attached to some remnants of the scalp, and some small bones from the right hand and foot were recovered. Soft tissue was present primarily in the torso and thighs. The torso was of particular interest, as gastric contents could be analyzed to yield clues to the days leading up to the man's death.
Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi represents the oldest well-preserved human remains in North America. The young man was estimated to be approximately 18–19 years old at his time of death. The cause of death is unknown, but there appears to be no sign of serious injury, and hypothermia is a possibility. He died near the onset of the Little Ice Age. An examination of the food in Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi's digestive tract reveals that he had traveled a distance of around in the three days prior to his death, from the coastal region up into higher elevations where he was found. Based on pollen found in the contents of his colon, he was traveling in the summer.
Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi was found with a number of artifacts, including a robe made from about 95 gopher or squirrel skins sewn together with sinew, a woven hat, a walking stick, a knife, a hand tool of unknown purpose, and an atlatl and dart. The tribes allowed samples to be taken for study (among them, a DNA study). They decided to have his remains cremated and scattered over the area where he was discovered. Local clans are considering a memorial potlatch to honor the ancient man.
DNA testing.
In 2000, mitochondrial DNA testing of 241 area volunteers of the Champagne and Aishihik First Nations revealed 17 living people who are related to Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi through their direct maternal line. A partial mitochondrial DNA sequence of Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi, containing information on the hypervariable region HVR2, bases 1 to 360, is available in the National Center for Biotechnology Information's genome sequencing database, GenBank, as accession number AF502945.
Conference.
The find and studies generated great interest in Kwäday Dän Ts’ìnchi. In June 2005 the findings were discussed at a science conference on Rapid Landscape Change at Yukon College.

</doc>
<doc id="19892907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892907" title="Sinclair Mills, British Columbia">
Sinclair Mills, British Columbia

Sinclair Mills is a community located on the north bank of the Fraser River between McGregor and Longworth in central British Columbia.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Sinclair Mills railway station.
Per January 2010 there are only 19 Families living in actual Sinclair Mills. It is a quiet, rural community in the scenic Upper Fraser Valley, with a fantastic backdrop of the Western Foothills of the Rockies and also the Cariboo Mountains. 
The majority of the current inhabitants are either in farming, trapping, hunting and outfitting, or they are retired. Those who do work in other sectors, usually commute to work in the City of Prince George (app. 100 km) or its surrounding areas.
The beautiful surroundings offer great hiking, fishing and hunting, as well as all sorts of ATV-ing, Snowmobiling and Backcountry-Skiing opportunities. 
There is a small Heli-Skiing Lodge and also two licensed Hunting Outfitters in the village, who accept visitors.
The community association, called the "Sinclair Mills Education and Recreational Club" is very active to bring together the "neighbourhood" and to raise funds for projects (as e.g. the Giscome Elementary School re-construction) in the entire Upper Fraser Valley. 
The association has currently 55 member families from Longworth, Hutton, Sinclair Mills, Upper Fraser, Aleza Lake, Giscome, Willow River and Prince George. 
Sinclair Mills is conveniently close to a bigger City and an international airport (Prince George/ YXS), but also remote enough to keep those happy, who cherish old-fashioned, quiet, safe, neighbourly Canadian Country Life.
A brand new addition in 2011/12 is "Bear Paw Heli Skiing" in its first "official" season as a skiing lodge. Extreme skiing, amazing views of the area ... snow galore!
References.
Jan 2010 additions by Elke Hierl-Steinbauer / Sinclair Mills

</doc>
<doc id="19892908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892908" title="Perkins v. Benguet Mining Co.">
Perkins v. Benguet Mining Co.

Perkins v. Benguet Consolidated Mining Co., 342 U.S. 437 (1952) was a United States Supreme Court case which held that an Ohio state court could exercise general personal jurisdiction over a foreign corporation on the basis of that company's "continuous and systematic" contacts with the state of Ohio. Benguet Consolidated Mining Co. was a Philippine mining corporation, owned by American John W. Hausermann, that temporarily stopped its mining operations and relocated its president to Ohio during the World War II Japanese occupation of the Philippines. The Court held that the president's use of his office in Ohio to carry on continuous business activities during this period allowed Ohio to properly assert general jurisdiction over his company.
The Supreme Court case consolidated the two original suits into one. One suit had been brought by the petitioner Ms. Perkins for approximately $68,400 in dividends that she alleged were due her as a stockholder. The second suit was for $2,500,000 damages claimed as a result of the company's failure to issue to her certificates for 120,000 shares of its stock. 
The trial court had sustained a motion to quash the summons in each case because the defendant was a foreign corporation and, as such, the Court did not have personal jurisdiction over it. Neither its corporate headquarters nor its principal place of business were in Ohio, and it had not applied for the required license to transact business in Ohio nor appointed an agent for service of process in state. Additionally, the claims Ms. Perkins sued upon did not arise from anything the defendant did in the state of Ohio. The Ohio State Supreme Court affirmed the decision and the plaintiff appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
The Supreme Court reversed on the basis of the defendant president's "continuous and systematic supervision of the necessarily limited wartime activities of the company" in Ohio. It was thus not a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment due process clause for Ohio to assert general jurisdiction over the company on the plaintiff's claim, even though the claim arose from activities conducted outside the forum state and entirely distinct from those activities conducted inside the forum state.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio was vacated and the cause of action remanded for further proceedings consistent with the opinion.
This is a notable United States civil procedure case in the area of general jurisdiction. It represents one of the rare instances in which a state's exercise of general (as opposed to specific) personal jurisdiction over a non-resident will be deemed to comport with the requirements of due process, due to the non-resident's extensive activities within the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19892911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892911" title="Strike.TV">
Strike.TV

Strike.TV is an internet television website that was created during the 2007-08 Writers Guild of America (WGA) strike. It is an online network of original programming produced by well-known Hollywood names. Its launch on October 28, 2008 featured several shows of various genres:
Web Series.
"Anyone But Me": written and directed by Tina Cesa Ward and Susan Miller
"5 or Die": written and directed by Tom Holland ("Childs Play")
"The Challenge": written by Lloyd Garver [http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0308745/] ("Newhart")
"Confessional": written by Ken LaZebnik [http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0493855/] ("Prairie Home Companion")
"Dangerous Women (web series)": written by David O'Malley [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0641714/] ("Fatal Instinct")
"Daryl from OnCar": Ron Corcillo ("Malcolm in the Middle") and Russ Carney
"Faux Baby": directed by Charlie Stratton written by Laura Brennan [http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0107341/], Jennifer Maisel, Rachel Leventhal 
"Global Warming": written by Rob Kutner ("The Daily Show"), Sheryl Zorn ("") and directed by Mike Shapiro.
"Greenville General": written by Karen Harris ("General Hospital")
"House Poor": written by Mindy Kaling & Lester Lewis ("The Office")
"Joe & Kate": written by and starring Joe Kelly ("How I Met Your Mother") and Kate Purdy ("Cold Case")
"John's Hand": written by Catherine Butterfield [http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0125278/] ("Ghost Whisperer")
"Life in General": written by Karen Harris ("General Hospital")
"Lose Yourself"
"Me First": written by Peter Hyoguchi, Krista Tucker
"Side Effects": written by Chuck Rose
"Sketch Toons": written by Charles Horn ("Robot Chicken")
"Speedie Date": written by Lorin Wertheimer [http://us.imdb.com/name/nm2373457/] ("Girlfriends")
"The Smartest Guy in the World": written by Rick Rosner ("Jimmy Kimmel Live!")
"Tender Morsels": written by Giuseppe Graziano ("The King of Queens")
"Unknown Sender": written and directed by Steven E. de Souza ("Die Hard")
"With the Angels": written by Mary Feuer ("lonelygirl15")
"Katana (web series)": written by Yuji Okumoto and Richard Cranor
The first three months' of profits will be contributed to the Actors' Fund Entertainment Assistance Program. The EAP has been offering financial relief and other services to entertainment industry professionals negatively impacted by the strike.

</doc>
<doc id="19892917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892917" title="Women Management">
Women Management

Women Management is a modeling agency based in New York. Founded by Paul Rowland in 1988, Women Management has achieved success in most of the major fashion capitals. Women represents supermodels like Carmen Kass, Natasha Poly, Izabel Goulart, and Isabeli Fontana. Women also has a sister agency, Supreme Management, and Supreme is also part of the Women International Agency Chain. Now there are also offices in Paris and Milan. The New York and Milan offices also has a Women Direct branch, which represents commercial models and celebrities, such as Daniela Pestova and Fernanda Motta. The modeling agency has been called the best agency in New York City by models.com, with 25 models of Women's board on models.com's top model ranking lists.

</doc>
<doc id="19892925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892925" title="List of A10 roads">
List of A10 roads

This is a list of roads designated A10. Roads entries are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19892939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892939" title="Valley Wetlands">
Valley Wetlands

Valley Wetlands (), formerly Valley Lakes, is a nature reserve in Anglesey, Wales belonging to the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds. It is an area of lakes and reedbeds to the south-east of Valley in Llanfair-yn-Neubwll community, adjacent to RAF Valley airfield. The western section of the reserve includes Llyn Penrhyn, Llyn Treflesg and part of Llyn Dinam. The eastern part includes Llyn Traffwll and wetlands along the Afon Crigyll. Much of the reserve is included within two Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
Breeding birds include good numbers of Sedge and Reed Warblers which have been joined in recent years by Cetti's Warbler. Several species of duck breed including Shoveler, Gadwall and Pochard. Outside the breeding season, duck numbers increase and Bittern and Marsh Harrier are regularly seen. Several rare birds have been recorded such as Whiskered Tern, Green-winged Teal and Ring-necked Duck.
The reserve is rich in wetland plants with large areas of reed and willow and uncommon species such as Eight-stamened Waterwort, Flowering Rush, Marsh Fern and Hop Sedge. Among the insects are Hairy Dragonfly, Variable Damselfly and various water beetles. Mammals include Otter and Water Vole.

</doc>
<doc id="19892946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892946" title="Geard Ajetović">
Geard Ajetović

Geard Ajetović (born February 28, 1981 in Beočin, Južnobački) is a boxer from Serbia. He represented FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, where he lost in the first round of the Men's Welterweight (– 67 kg) competition to Thailand's veteran Parkpoom Jangphonak due to a controversial 9-9 point decision. Ajetović won a bronze medal at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, Tunisia.
Biography.
Geard Ajetović grew up in the former Republic of Yugoslavia and started boxing at the age of 8. After a successful amateur career including numerous national championships, a gold medal at the Junior European Championships and silver at the Junior World Championships he turned professional in 2000 soon after the Olympic Games. He moved to Liverpool where he spent the first 10 years of his professional career. Due to a knee injury Ajetovic was forced to a take a 2 year break from fighting, but had a successful comeback at the end of 2010. In January 2011 Ajetovic won the vacant WBC Mediterranean title by a first round knockout victory over Jackson Chanet, having moving up to light heavyweight for that fight.
Professional record.
, Ajetović has compiled a professional record of 18 wins, 4 losses and 1 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="19892947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892947" title="Scott McGehee">
Scott McGehee

Scott McGehee is an American film director and screenwriter. He is a Columbia University graduate and did graduate work in the Rhetorics department at UC Berkeley. He was born in California, and currently resides in New York City. 
He is half of a long-standing writing-directing partnership with filmmaker David Siegel. Neither attended film school. McGehee is openly gay.
He was a member of the US Dramatic Jury at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19892971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892971" title="Chotek family">
Chotek family

The Chotek family was an aristocratic family from Bohemia. When this and other Bohemian noble families' surnames and/or territorial suffixes are translated from the Czech language, particules and conjunctions are usually translated into German, rather than into English.
The family is first documented in the 14th century when Miloslav, his wife Wele and their son Wenlynus are mentioned as masters of the Chockov estate near Radnice in the Plzeň Region. The uninterrupted lineage of the family starts with Otto Chotek of Chockov and Liblín. 
In the late 16th century, Václav Chotek took the name of Chotkov and Vojnín, while his older brother Adam Chotek retained the name of Chockov and Liblín.
In 1685 the coat of arms of the Chotek family was joined with the coat of arms of the extinct "Charwat von Bärnstein" family. 
On February 6, 1702, Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín was elevated rank of lords in Bohemia. On 13 May 1743, in Laxenburg he was awarded the title Count in Bohemia and on 4 October 1745 in Frankfurt am Main he was elevated to the rank of "Reichsgraf". 
After the death of Jan Nepomuk Rudolf Chotek von Chotkov und Vojnín, the family split into four main branches created by his surviving sons:
The best known member of the family was Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, the morganatic wife of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, as his and her assassination sparked World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19892973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892973" title="Be OK (album)">
Be OK (album)

Be OK is a compilation album by musician Ingrid Michaelson. It was released on October 14, 2008. It debuted at 35 on the Billboard 200 with 15,000 copies sold in its first week. 
The album consists of previously unreleased music, live recordings, and covers. 
According to Michaelson's website, a portion of the proceeds from the album's sales will be donated to Stand Up to Cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19892979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892979" title="Carl Sitton">
Carl Sitton

Charles Vedder Sitton (September 22, 1881 – September 11, 1931), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Cleveland Naps. He batted and threw right-handed. Sitton had a 3–2 record with a 2.88 ERA in 14 games for Cleveland. 
Sitton was born in Pendleton, South Carolina, and played football and baseball for the Clemson Tigers. He was the first Clemson player to play in the major leagues. He later served as head coach of the Tigers in 1915 and 1916. Sitton died in Valdosta, Georgia, in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19892982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892982" title="Bridge of Dreams">
Bridge of Dreams

The Bridge of Dreams is a 370 foot covered bridge located near Brinkhaven, Ohio. Originally built in the 1920s as a railroad bridge, and covered in 1998. It is the second longest covered bridge in Ohio after the Smolen–Gulf Bridge, and third longest covered bridge in the United States.
History.
The Bridge of Dreams spans the Mohican River in Knox County, Ohio. It is a pedestrian and bicycling bridge and part of the Mohican Valley Trail, a nature trail built on an abandoned railroad bed belonging to the old Pennsylvania Railroad. The bridge is closed to motorized traffic but is often used by Amish buggies.
A railroad bridge at the site, carrying the Pennsylvania Railroad line over the river, was constructed in the 1920s. By the early 1990s, the line had been abandoned and a group of local residents and businesses developed a plan for converting it into a multi-use trail stretching from the Holmes County line near Brinkhaven, to Danville. The most ambitious aspect of the plan was to cover the 370 foot railroad bridge. Skeptics of this expensive plan claimed that its proponents were "dreaming", which led backers to adopt the name "Bridge of Dreams" for the project. Eventually planners were able to raise the almost $90,000 through contributions and a grant from the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. The "Bridge of Dreams" was completed in December 1998 and dedicated in April 1999. The Mohican Valley Trail officially opened on June 15, 2001. Today the trail extends from East Street in Danville to the Holmes County Line, connecting the Kokosing Gap Trail and the Holmes County Trails.

</doc>
<doc id="19892996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19892996" title="Viktor Axmann">
Viktor Axmann

Viktor Axmann (given name: Vladoje Aksmanović; August 29, 1878, Osijek, Croatia – March 3, 1946, Valpovo, Croatia) was a Croatian Jewish architect. He spent most of his life in Osijek, but he died in 1946 in a communist labor camp in Valpovo.
He finished the Technical College in Munich, Germany. Afterwards he specialized in Vienna, Austria, where he got in touch with contemporary ideas of urban architecture of Josef Hoffman, Otto Wagner and Camillo Sitte.
In 1905, he became a construction entrepreneur in Osijek, where he built numerous secession-style buildings. His most important work of that period is the Urania Cinema (built in 1912), for which he received a prestigious award at the 1st International Cinema Exhibition in Vienna. After World War I he gradually abandoned the secession in favor of modernism. In that period, he built numerous architecturally important buildings in Osijek, such as the Apprentices' Dormitory (, built in 1923), Workers' Insurance Office ("Ispostava ureda za osiguranje radnika", also 1923), two pavilions of the Osijek Hospital ("Osječka bolnica", 1925), House of Falcons ("Sokolski dom", 1928), Boarding School ("Đački dom", 1929), the palace of the County Office of Workers' Insurance ("Okružni ured za osiguranje radnika", 1936, co-projected with D. Špiller and J. Kastl) and Office of the Matches' Factory "Drava" Pension Fund ("Dom mirovinske zaklade tvornice žigica "Drava"", 1940).
Axmann was also involved in urban planning. He tried to add modern ideas of spatial planning to organize Osijek metropolitan area. In that spirit, he created a series of plans. In 1906, he projected new streets in the heart of Osijek. Under Wagner's influence, in 1908, he projected Osijek main square and farmers' market. The same year he attended the 8th International Congress of Architects in Vienna. Aside from Axmann, the Club of Croatian Architects sent his representatives to the congress. However, Axmann's application to join the club had been denied two years before. In 1910, he projected the Sakuntala Park. Aside from urban planning and architecture, Axmann also wrote about urban problems of Osijek in the Gazette of the Croatia Society of Engineers and Architects.

</doc>
<doc id="19893003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893003" title="Starfinder">
Starfinder

Starfinder was a British game show that aired on CITV from 2003 to 2004, presented by Michael Underwood with Tom Zikas giving advice to the children.
Four children are invited aboard a space station and start training for a week to be an astronaut by carrying out drills involving their practical skills, reactions, and hand–eye coordination. At the end of the week, the winning cadet would get to go to Star City in Russia for some real astronaut training.

</doc>
<doc id="19893027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893027" title="Ed Taʻamu">
Ed Taʻamu

Ed Ta'amu (born November 8, 1979) is an arena football offensive lineman who is currently a free agent. He was originally drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the fourth round (132nd overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Utah.
Ta'amu has played for the Minnesota Vikings, Houston Texans, Spokane Shock (af2) and Kansas City Brigade.
As a rookie in the National Football League in 2002, he was one of 28 Samoan players in the league. As well, as of October 4, 2008, he was one of 16 Polynesian players in the Arena Football League.
High school career.
Ta'amu attended Iolani School where he was an All-America Honorable Mention as a senior in 1997.
College career.
Ta'amu attended the University of Utah, where he was a two-year starter. Ta'amu was an academic non-qualifier in 1997, meaning he did not have the grades to play football. He joined the team in 1998, as a backup defensive end, as well as backup long snapper. On the season, he recorded three tackles. In 1999, he was a backup defensive tackle, a position where he did not receive much playing time, so in turn, he was switched to offensive line. In 2000, he started all but one game.
Career summary.
Ta'amu was a two-time All-Mountain West Conference selection. He recorded 123 knockdowns blocks, including a school record 25 against Brigham Young during his senior season.
Ta'amu was graded at 86.8% for blocking consistency and played in 20 of 26 games during his final two seasons. He also set new school weight room records with a 625-pound squat and 412-pound hang clean. As a senior he also bench pressed 455 pounds. He was also selected to the All-Mountain West Conference Second-team, as well as a First-team selection by the "Las Vegas Review Journal" and "Collegefootballnews.com".
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Ta'amu received an invitation to the 2002 NFL Scouting Combine. He was rated as the sixth best guard out of 43. He was projected to be drafted in the third to fourth round of the draft.
National Football League.
Ta'amu was selected in the fourth round (132nd overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings on April 21, and was signed on July 17. However, he suffered a knee injury and was waived by the team on September 2, 2002. The next day, he was signed to the Vikings practice squad. Then on October 16, he was placed on the practice squad's injured reserve, ending his season. He was then signed by the Houston Texans on January 8. He was later placed on the Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list on July 25. He was then waived by the Texans on September 2, 2003.
af2.
He spent the next two years rehabbing his knee before being able to compete in a full season of professional football for the Spokane Shock of af2, in 2006. He played alongside future Kansas City Brigade teammates Charles Frederick, Jerome Stevens, Chris Cook, and Neil Purvis. That season, the Shock won ArenaCup III.
Arena Football League.
On January 5, 2007 Ta'amu signed with the Kansas City Brigade of the Arena Football League. However, when the AFL folded, he became a free agent and now plays for the Spokane Shock
Kansas City Brigade.
As a rookie in 2007, he began the season on injured reserve. He then started the final four games of the season, including the first ever playoff game in franchise history. In 2008, he recorded three tackles. After the season, he was released by the Brigade.
Spokane Shock.
After a year of waiting, the AFL was reformed and when the Spokane Shock became part of the revamped AFL, Ta'amu was once again signed by Spokane in the off season and is on the active roster.
Personal.
In 2002, Ta'amu was one of 28 Samoan players in the National Football League, the most notable being Tiaina "Junior" Seau. As of October 4, 2008, Ta'amu was one of 16 Polynesian players in the Arena Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19893050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893050" title="The Basics">
The Basics

The Basics ( ) are an Australian band, formed by Wally De Backer (more commonly known as Gotye) and Kris Schroeder in 2002, and also consists of Tim Heath. Their style has been described as anything from 'indie-pop' to 'rock'n'roll' to 'pop-rock', though their records show they span a wide range of genres, including reggae, ska, country, and electro-pop. They are "recognised as one of Australia's hardest-working bands".
With well over 1000 shows in their ten-year-plus career, their live performances are well known for their sense of humour and energy.
Formation.
The Basics were formed after Kris met Wally at the March 2002 "going away party" in Melbourne of now LA-based engineer/producer Chris "Tek" O'Ryan. The event was to see off the young aspiring producer, who was about to depart for Los Angeles, and together with a number of musician friends, the two jammed on some blues-rock standards. Later that night, they bonded over a mutual love of The Beatles, 70s and 80s cartoon theme songs and old Sierra adventure games.
Initially, they played around Melbourne as an acoustic guitar/drums combo, starting at The Opposition in Frankston and the House of Fools in Footscray, where in late 2002 they met Michael Hubbard and later invited him to join them on electric guitar. Though lacking any real experience with the instrument, Kris willingly purchased his first bass guitar, and the trio was born. During this time, the group start performing songs with more complicated three-part harmony.
During late 2002 and early 2003, The Basics recorded and released an album called "Get Back" through MGM Distribution. They began what was to become regular tours of the East and West coasts of Australia.
2004–2005: Current lineup.
Tim Heath joined the group in June 2004, after Michael decided to pursue his solo career, which has included being one half of Down Hills Home. Tim was reportedly the only person to reply to an advertisement in Melbourne's Beat Magazine looking for a new guitarist. Tim apparently answered the advertisement – which said the applicant "must have a love of 50s and 60s rock'n'roll" – thinking that he would be meeting "a couple of old guys to play with on the weekends over some beers". They soon recorded "For Girls Like You".
The Basics in 2005 continued to tour and play small festivals, and after releasing "For Girls Like You" through MGM Distribution, they departed for a national tour of Australia, which lasted for two months and took them to every Australian state and territory. Stuart Padbury, a young Melbourne sound engineer, joined them on much of this tour. On returning, the band began demonstrating songs for a new album.
2006–2009: Touring and soundtracks.
In 2006, The Basics began recording what was to become known as "Stand Out/Fit In". Taking several months, it was not completed until the end of the year, despite intentions to have it released in June. Instead, they held a successful 'album preview', where each of the tracks was demonstrated in 'rough form' accompanied by a music video for each (produced by Melbourne photographic artist James Bryans). The band also talked about the origins of the songs. This event brought a lot of attention to the band for the idea's originality. They pre-released a radio single 'Just Hold On' from the album. The band were invited to play the hugely popular Homebake Festival in Sydney, where they received a great response, after being introduced onto the stage by a short stocky Asian guy with big calves ("one of the highlights" wrote "The Daily Telegraph").
In 2007, the band departed on a tri-state residency which saw them play Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane every week for the month of April – a bold move which brought further attention to the band for its original idea. Riding on the wave of this tour, Schroeder, De Backer and Heath departed on their first overseas tour which saw them performing 26 shows around Japan, Norway and the United Kingdom. They also toured twice more up the East Coast, one of which was with popular Japanese band The Bawdies. Their song 'Rattle My Chain' was used in a series of commercials for Volvo Australia. The song 'Hey There!' featured in the British film "The Bank Job" – starring Jason Statham – and was used as the backing for a February 2007 short film directed by Tim Longhurst called The Rip. Their song 'Better' was featured in a surfing documentary about the invention of the shortboard in 1967.
In 2008, the band appeared on Australia's Channel 9 for Australia Day celebrations, performing two of their songs – 'Just Hold On' and 'Hey There!' – to an estimated audience of 2 million. Securing an Australian Government grant, they embarked on a two-month tour of Australia, specifically targeting "culturally underprivileged groups" in rural and regional schoolchildren and Indigenous communities. The programme had them holding masterclasses and performing alongside Indigenous groups in the remote Northern Territory and Queensland. Their initiative also had them raising money for the charity Lifeline, their contribution to which was recognised with a plaque at the end of the tour. Season two of "Californication" starring David Duchovny featured their cover of the classic 'Have Love, Will Travel', most famously covered by 'The Sonics'.
In 2009, The Basics for the first time enjoyed the support of Australian radio network Triple J, which had reportedly snubbed the band's previous material. The singles 'With This Ship' and 'Like A Brother' were added to the station's playlist, and momentum carried The Basics overseas for a second tour of the United Kingdom and Norway, and also a series of shows in Dublin, Ireland. They were joined by the longtime front-of-house engineer Stuart Padbury, who had been mixing them since 2005. The band was often seen in the Grafton Street Mall in Dublin, busking to promote their concerts there. Their second show in Oslo, Norway, saw the band perform with Hot Tub, one of the members of the Norwegian boy band "Boyzvoice", in his first performance for several years. Season Eight of "Scrubs" featured the song 'Lookin' Over My Shoulder'.
Despite all this promise, the band's album "Keep Your Friends Close" – produced and part-recorded by Peter Cobbin at London's Abbey Road Studios – though enjoying many favourable reviews, failed to impress Richard Kingsmill, music director of Triple J. This effectively ended the band's apparent upward spiral and the resulting album launch tour was reportedly "trying".
2010: live album.
In 2010, following the band's fourth stint at the Tamworth Country Music Festival, and the recording of a yet-unreleased live album, an indefinite hiatus was announced on the band's websites. This was in part due to the impending release of a new album produced by Wally for his Gotye project, and also to reported tensions within the band following the previous year's disappointments.
However, this hiatus was soon broken with a two-month residency at the Northcote Social Club in Melbourne, which saw an apparent return to form. The band's EP "Wait For You" enjoys airplay on Triple J. The Basics also played a one-off show at Sydney's Oxford Art Factory.
On 20 August 2010, The Basics released their fourth LP , available free and exclusively from their website for digital download. The band had reportedly moved to expand their listenership through this free giveaway, though 300 "Deluxe" CD/vinyl versions have been printed. was recorded at the Northcote Social Club on 6 February, "in front of a live studio audience", and like the previous record, was mixed by Peter Cobbin at Abbey Road Studios. Technically a self-titled album, the phonetics spell out the accurate pronunciation of the band’s name. Kris Schroeder: "For years we’ve worked at bringing our live energy into the studio and thus far it’s been a bit hit-and-miss. Our trick this time was to pull a switcheroo and bring the studio to us instead; the result is the best and closest to us we’ve sounded yet."
Melbourne thespian and Dog With Wheels bassist David Bramble – friends with Heath from university days – has occasionally joined the band on tour, playing keys, often while sporting a large moustache. Other guests have included Jake Mason (saxophone), also of Cookin' on 3 Burners and The Bamboos, Gideon Brazil (saxophone, flute), Simon Imrei (guitar and vocals) and Monty MacKenzie (saxophone).
Covers have often made an appearance from various sources: to date, some of the bands covered have been AC/DC, Cream, The Kinks, The Rolling Stones, The Police, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, New Kids on the Block, Richard Berry, Sonny Curtis and The Crickets, JJ Cale, Harry Nilsson, Bill Scott, Ryan Adams and The Coasters (via The Beatles for their cover of Three Cool Cats).
2010-2013: Hiatus and resumption.
The band took a three-year hiatus, with an announced return to the stage together in late 2013. De Backer embarked on his solo act as Gotye with the release of the album "Making Mirrors" in August 2011. Tim Heath toured and recorded with Blood Red Bird. And Kris Schroeder recorded a solo EP titled, Patience in the Face of Control, before leaving Australia to work with the Red Cross in Kenya for a two-year sabbatical, during which he contracted Malaria.
On 9 November 2012, the 'best of' album "Ingredients" was released into stores and digitally. "Leftovers", a record full of 38 unreleased tracks, is set to be released 22 February 2013, via a limited-edition 500 copy vinyl package. A one off gig was performed on October 24, 2012 at the Northcote Social Club to launch "Ingredients" and "Leftovers", however without the presence of De Backer (though he did make a brief appearance and performance via Skype from New York).
The Basics announced an Australian tour starting September 2013 following the release of a new music video for "Leftovers" track "So Hard For You".
Put on sale December 6, 2013, a CD/DVD live album + digital download "My Brain's Off (And I Like It)" is the first post-hiatus release. The live album was filmed on location at the Northcote Social club and edited by Ryan Gaskett under close supervision by the band. 
Upcoming projects.
Following a run of sell-out live shows across Australia in September and October 2013, The Basics announced via their Facebook and Twitter accounts that they would be releasing a new live album with accompanying footage titled "My Brain's Off (And I Like It)". The recording is set to be released in 5.1 Surround Sound and mixed by sound engineer Andy Walter at Abbey Road Studios.
The album became available for digital download pre-orders on Saturday 26 October 2013 via their Bandcamp page. People who pre-order will receive an instant download of the Credence Clearwater Revival cover 'As Long As I Can See The Light'. The live recording film will be made available during November 2013. The album contains the following tracks:
1. So Hard For You
2. The No. 1 Cause of Death Amongst Youth Today 
3. Three Cool Cats 
4. Second Best 
5. Yeah, Yeah 
6. Bésame Mucho 
7. She's Gonna B. Late 
8. Hey There! 
9. Just Hold On 
10. Lovin' Man 
11. As Long As I Can See The Light 
12. Proud Mary 
13. Hey Rain 
14. Rattle My Chain 
15. Call It Rhythm and Blues
Due to popular demand, "My Brain's Off (And I Like It)" will be released in a limited edition CD/DVD set on 6 December 2013, which was made available to pre-order on The Basics Bandcamp page from 31 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19893076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893076" title="Hutton, British Columbia">
Hutton, British Columbia

Hutton is a railway point located between Sinclair Mills and Longworth on the north bank of the Fraser River in central British Columbia. Originally known as "Hutton Mills," it was established as a station on the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in 1914. The post office was opened 1 November 1917 with W.A. Willits as postmaster. The post office was closed 23 March 1929, re-opened 27 September 1937, and closed for good 30 September 1959. The community's name was changed to "Hutton" on 5 October 1960.
The main industry was a sawmill and planing mill owned by the United Grain Growers which produced lumber for grain elevators in the Prairies. A school opened in April 1919. During the 1920s there was at Hutton Mills a hospital, a laundry, and a bakery. The population peaked between 800 and 1000 until a fire destroyed Hutton Mills in 1926 and most of the residents moved away.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Hutton railway station.
Only one family is currently occupying what used to be Hutton Village. 
There are, however, many remnants of old buildings, as e.g. the Hospital area, where lots and lots of old medicine bottels are buried in the ground, the old Sawmill Canteen, surrounded by a multitude of old cans and aluminum plates and so forth, and even the old Hutton Railway Station Water-Tower is still on the property. 
Also, the current owners have dismantled the Aleza Lake Catholic Church (built 1949) in 2004. Aleza Lake is app. 30 km West of Hutton and also in the Upper Fraser Valley. The Church was not in use any more and on the verge of breaking down. The Church has since been re-constructed in Hutton as a keep-sake of the Upper Fraser Valley's rich history.
Hutton is located on the foothills of the Rocky Mountains and is offering a wonderful view of the Cariboo Mountains (especially Sugarbowl Mountain). There are lots of creeks, beautiful hiking areas, wildlife watching opportunities etc.
References.
Addition to Footnotes written by current owner of Hutton, BC, January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19893079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893079" title="Luis Alberto Solari">
Luis Alberto Solari

Luis Alberto Solari (n. Fray Bentos, on October 17, 1918 - October 13, 1993) was a painter and engraver from Uruguay.
Background.
He moved to Montevideo in 1934 to study at the Circulo de Bellas Artes with Professor William Laborde between 1934 and 1937. He pursued his particular interest in etching in 1952 during a three-month course at the l'Ecole Superieure des Beaux Arts in Paris with Professor Eduard GOERGEN. From 1967 to 1969 he took advanced courses at the Pratt Graphic Center and the New York Graphic Workshop under the Brazilian Roberto De Lamonica and the Uruguayan Luis Camnitzer.
Exhibitions.
He has exhibited at the Biennial of Graphic Arts in Santiago de Chile, Buenos Aires, Calí, San Juan, Puerto Rico, Florence, Krakow, Ljubljana, Frechen, Leipzig, Vienna, Norway, Finland, Bradford, Biella, Segovia and Japan.
Notable works.
His most notable works, including mezzotint and acrylic paintings, are of human figures with anthropomorphic animal masks. Their costumes revealing rather than concealing their true identities.
Prizes.
Amongst Solari's many prizes and distinctions were first prizes for drawing at the Salón Nacional de Bellas Artes in Montevideo in 1955 and 1964, the first prize for painting there in 1965 and the gold medal for printmaking at the first Bienal de Artes Gráficas in Calí, Colombia, in 1977. In 1989 the Museo Solari opened in the city of Fray Bentos, Uruguay, showing his works and promoting fine arts in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19893087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893087" title="Black Banner">
Black Banner

Black Banner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19893089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893089" title="2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors – Singles">
2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors – Singles

Fernando González was the defending champion, but Roger Federer defeated him 6–3, 6–2, 7–6(7–3), in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19893092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893092" title="Fort McMurray Today">
Fort McMurray Today

The Fort McMurray Today is a daily publication based in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Today publishes its tabloid daily Monday through Friday, with a supplemental tabloid issue delivered free throughout Fort McMurray every Saturday. The Fort McMurray Today is owned by Quebecor Media Inc. It's considered the paper of record for Fort McMurray and covers a number of topics affecting the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="19893117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893117" title="Hollywood Whore">
Hollywood Whore

"Hollywood Whore" is the first single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's sixth album, "Metamorphosis", and tenth released single in total. It was first released as music video only on October 26, 2008, available as a free download from the band's official site, and on October 28, it became available as both a limited edition Canada exclusive EP and a digital single on iTunes. Despite this, it was never officially released to the radio and received limited airplay.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Jesse Davey, depicts the band playing in front of a young woman, the "Hollywood Whore" that the song is referring to. Eventually, the woman arises and blood is seen falling from her eyes. The skin and muscle on her face deteriorates and turns to that of a bloody skull, and blood begins to explode out of her mouth, completely drenching the band as they are performing.
Single
Track listing.
EP
Reviews.
Blog Critics reviewer Jordan Richardson, in reviewing the album "Metamorphosis" states, "'Live This Down' kicks a little ass as a pretty catty revenge tune and 'Hollywood Whore' works well enough on similar ground." Reviewer Dan Marsicano also speaks favorably of the song in his review of the album, stating, "After a short instrumental, 'Change Or Die' hits the speakers with a blast of rock that can only be described as a firm kick in the ass... 'Hollywood Whore' continues this upward momentum with a hard-hitting tune that has Shaddix ranting about the glorification of the entertainment industry. 'Sorry, but the party’s over,' Shaddix yells at the top of his lungs, letting everybody know that Papa Roach is ready with gas can in hand to burn everything to the ground." Press Association music reviewer Nick Howes says the song "invokes memories of classic Mötley Crüe".

</doc>
<doc id="19893128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893128" title="Samuel Boyle">
Samuel Boyle

Samuel Boyle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19893162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893162" title="Longworth, British Columbia">
Longworth, British Columbia

Longworth is a community located between Sinclair Mills and Penny on the north bank of the Fraser River in central British Columbia.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Longworth railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19893181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893181" title="The Boston Record">
The Boston Record

The Boston Record was founded on September 3, 1884 by "The Boston Daily Advertiser" as an evening campaign newspaper. The "Record" was so popular that it was made a permanent publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19893187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893187" title="Marklund">
Marklund

Marklund is a not-for-profit network of services for infants, children and adults with developmental disabilities based in the Chicago suburb of Geneva, Illinois.
Marklund is a Swedish surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19893225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893225" title="List of canals of the United Kingdom">
List of canals of the United Kingdom

"Canal"s of the United Kingdom; see also Canals of the United Kingdom.
The following list includes some systems that are navigable rivers with sections of canal (e.g. Aire and Calder Navigation) as well as "completely" artificial canals (e.g. Rochdale Canal).
Canals in England.
This includes only canals that are currently open or being restored and are at least partly in England. See also Abandoned Canals. Click on the diamond to sort by any column.

</doc>
<doc id="19893245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893245" title="Slaveryinamerica">
Slaveryinamerica

Slaveryinamerica is a website archive of the history of slavery in America. It is jointly funded by PBS and New York Life.

</doc>
<doc id="19893246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893246" title="Best Bitz from Back Den">
Best Bitz from Back Den

Best Bitz From Back Den is an Irish television special and DVD released in November 2008. It was broadcast on RTÉ One on 27 October 2008 at 18:30. The title is a play on the Irish children's television favourite "The Den". It was compiled to celebrate the 21st anniversary of the birth of Zig and Zag, an identical set of alien twins who were once popular attractions amongst students and children on television in Ireland before featuring on Channel 4's "The Big Breakfast" and on MTV Europe. Zig and Zag preceded what became a wave of puppets that have featured in RTÉ children's schedules, such as Dustin the Turkey, best known outside Ireland for being that country's entry into the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest, and Podge and Rodge who have achieved solo success with popular night-time shows, "A Scare at Bedtime" and "The Podge and Rodge Show".
Current Today FM presenters Ian Dempsey and Ray D'Arcy, who both worked in children's television at different times in the early parts of their respective careers, feature heavily in the special which looks back at Zig and Zag's origins on "Dempsey's Den". Highlights include attacks by Ted, a malicious panda, on the presenters, Christmas specials of "The Den" and footage is also shown of characters such as Captain Joke, Captain Pillowcase and Cousin Nigel and the Irish Film and Television awards of 1989 where Zig and Zag "accidentally" mistook then taoiseach Albert Reynolds with actor Burt Reynolds and addressed him as "your majesty".

</doc>
<doc id="19893253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893253" title="Idée Fixe (album)">
Idée Fixe (album)

Idée Fixe is an album by Czesław Niemen's band Aerolit released in 1978 on two long play discs and one extended play. It was remastered in 2003 as two CD albums.
The two long play discs are highly conceptual and are about Cyprian Kamil Norwid's poems, philosophy, and worldview. The extended play disc contains fragments of the score for Juliusz Słowacki's "Sen srebrny Salomei".
Track listening.
"All music by Czesław Niemen."
2003 CD Reissue.
Idée Fixe II.
Tracks from 8 to 15 are from play "Sen srebrny Salomei".
References.
Album information 

</doc>
<doc id="19893255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893255" title="Drama Queen">
Drama Queen

Drama Queen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19893258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893258" title="Klange aus der Walachei">
Klange aus der Walachei

Klänge aus der Walachei ("Echoes from Wallachia"), opus 50, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition was first performed on 6 January 1848 in Bucharest in Wallachia (now Romania), as part of a six-month tour of Europe that Strauss was conducting with his orchestra. Strauss had been influenced by the folk music of the countries he had toured, and this is reflected in his waltz "Klänge aus der Walachei".

</doc>
<doc id="19893282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893282" title="Rock for the King">
Rock for the King

Rock for the King is a 1986 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19893289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893289" title="Streetlife Museum of Transport">
Streetlife Museum of Transport

The Streetlife Museum of Transport is a transport museum located in Kingston upon Hull, England. The roots of the collection date back to the early 20th century, however the purpose-built museum the collection is housed in was opened in 1989 by the then Hull East MP, John Prescott. Core areas of the collection include Veteran cars, horse-drawn carriages and objects relating to local public transport.
The museum forms part of the Museums Quarter in Hull, based on the historic High Street in the Old Town of the city. The Museums Quarter comprises the Streetlife Museum, the Hull and East Riding Museum (archaeology), the "Arctic Corsair" trawler and Wilberforce House Museum. The site is managed by Hull Museums, a department of Hull City Council on behalf of the people of the city.
Galleries.
The museum has a range of scenic galleries, displaying the objects in a visual context to assist with interpretation without the need for a high volume of written interpretation. 
Visiting the museum.
Opening hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday and 1.30 p.m. to 4.30 p.m. on Sundays. Admission to the museum is free.

</doc>
<doc id="19893315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893315" title="Penny, British Columbia">
Penny, British Columbia

Penny is a community located between Longworth and Dome Creek on the north bank of the Fraser River in central British Columbia, Canada. It was established as a station on the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in 1914. Penny Post Office opened 1 February 1916 with Nels Pederson as postmaster. Today, Penny is said to be the only community in Canada that still relies on the railroad for postal service. This service to the Penny railway station is provided by Via Rail's thrice weekly Jasper – Prince Rupert train. The railway station burned down in 1947 and was replaced by a station originally built in Lindup in 1914. This station was then moved to Prince George in 1988 and is the present home of the Prince George Railway & Forestry Museum.
References.
http://www.penny-redmountain.ca/

</doc>
<doc id="19893335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893335" title="Ounasjoki">
Ounasjoki

The Ounasjoki River () is the Kemijoki River's largest tributary and is Finland's longest single river tributary. It is also the largest river entirely within its borders. Ounasjoki is approximately in length, and the catchment area is , 27 percent of the Kemi catchment area. 
Course.
The Ounasjoki River originates at Ounasjärvi Lake in Enontekiö. It flows first eastwards through Lake Periläjärvi and turns south after some seven kilometres. The river then follows southern-southeasternly course until its confluence with the Kemi River at Rovaniemi.
Fauna.
Grayling, trout, pike and other fish typical to northern Finland are found in the Ounasjoki.

</doc>
<doc id="19893352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893352" title="Nora W. Coffey">
Nora W. Coffey

Nora W. Coffey is a prominent women’s health advocate, activist and educator.
She has lectured extensively in the United States and in Europe. Coffey has been a guest lecturer in medical schools, nursing schools, undergraduate and graduate programs. She has been invited to present papers to Women and Gender Studies Conferences and women’s health organizations. She has also been interviewed by "20/20", Oprah Winfrey, Phil Donahue, and "Good Morning America". Interviews with Coffey have appeared in the "New York Times" [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C00E5D8103FF934A25751C0A961958260&sec=&spon=&pagewanted=all, "Los Angeles Times" "Philadelphia Inquirer", "Boston Globe" [http://www.boston.com/news/globe/health_science/articles/2005/08/08/hysterectomy_performed_too_often/, "New York Magazine", "Newsweek", "USA Today" "Ms. Magazine" and others [http://money.cnn.com/magazines/moneymag/moneymag_archive/1989/02/01/84939/index.htm [http://naturalmomstalkradio.com/blog/].
She has testified at U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) [http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/01/transcripts/3753t2.pdf] hearings and works with FDA to ensure the reporting of adverse events of uterine artery embolization (UAE), also called uterine fibroid embolization (UFE).
Coffey founded the Hysterectomy Educational Resources and Services (HERS) Foundation in 1982 [http://www.hersfoundation.og]. The foundation is the only independent nonprofit organization solely dedicated to the alternatives to and aftermath of hysterectomy.
Coffey produced Rick Schweikert’s play “un becoming” which premiered Off-Broadway in 2004. It was subsequently seen in 23 other cities and produced in Washington, D.C. in 2005. Barbara Seaman, the acclaimed writer, health advocate and author of "The Greatest Experiment Ever Performed on Women: Exploding the Estrogen Myth" said of Schweikert’s play “Every woman, man and child should see this play!”
In 2004-2005 she led the only nationwide protest against hysterectomy. The protest took place in front of hospitals in every state, every day, for a year.
Currently Coffey is working toward a sustainable legal remedy to end hysterectomy without the information requisite to informed consent. Coffey and Schweikert’s book The H Word, is about the physical, political, economic and social environment surrounding hysterectomy will was published in 2009. Coffey was honored by the organization Women's Way of Philadelphia at their 32nd Annual Powerful Voice Awards on May 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19893357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893357" title="Utu Abe Malae">
Utu Abe Malae

Utu Abe Malae (born ?) is an American Samoan politician, banker and businessman. Malae was a candidate for Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial elections, finishing second in the runoff to incumbent Governor Togiola Tulafono.
On August 15, 2011, Malae announced his candidacy in the forthcoming 2012 American Samoa gubernatorial election, which will be held in November 2012. However, Malae withdrew from the gubernatorial race on October 10, 2011, citing a need to continue his work as the executive director of the Northern Marianas Commonwealth Utility Corporation (CUC) in the Northern Mariana Islands.
Biography.
Personal life.
Utu Abe Malae's family and ancestry is originally from the Manu'a Islands,(his father's side) which are located approximately 70 miles east of American Samoa main island, Tutuila. His mother's family is from the village of Amouli, American Samoa. He is the fifth of seven children born to the late Reverend Elder Pita Malae and the late Fiapa'ipa'i Sera Utu Malae.
Malae received his bachelor's degrees in both chemistry and English in 1970 from Morningside College in Sioux City, Iowa. He went onto earn his first master's degree in physical chemistry from Iowa State University's School of Science & Technology in 1973. His education continued past his graduation from Iowa.
He next obtained two separate master's degrees in both public works administration and civil engineering from the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania.
Malae was bestowed the Samoan chiefly title of "Utu" by his family in the early 2000s.
Career.
Malae has worked within the government of American Samoa for over twenty-five years. He served as the executive director of the American Samoa Power Authority (ASPA), a government electric utility. He was appointed to oversee both the LBJ Medical Center and the Port Administration by separate American Samoan governors while he headed the ASPA.
Utu served as the CEO for the LBJ Medical Center from November 1995 to January 1997. 
In April 2001, Malae was named one of the "Top Ten Public Works Leaders of the Year" by the American Public Works Association.
Malae, the American Samoa Power Authority and several other employees of the ASPA were also honored at the Mayors' Asia-Pacific Environment Summit 2001 in Honolulu, Hawaii. The summit was sponsored by the Asian Development Bank. Before the Summit, Malae presented then Honolulu Mayor Jeremy Harris with detailed accomplishments of ways in which the ASPA, under his directorship, had worked to combat environmental problems in American Samoa and elsewhere in the Pacific. Malae had initially promised to combat environmental pollution at the first Asia-Pacific Environment Summit in 1999. For his work, Malae received one of the summit's awards and was asked to appear as one of its featured guest speakers. The award "honors Abe Malae and recognize the tangible progress of the municipality and people of the American Samoa Power Authority in fulfilling their sustainable development commitment declared." Malae and his management of the ASPA was particularly praised for its operations of a utility service located in Ebeye, Marshall Islands.
Malae became vice chairman of the Pacific Power Association in 2001 and later became the acting chairman of the PPA in 2002 following the resignation of the organization's representative from the Northern Marianas Islands. Malae was chosen for a full two-year term as chairman of the Pacific Power Association at the PPA's annual meeting in Nadi, Fiji, in 2002. Malae was working as the executive director of the American Samoa Power Authority at the time.
Malae left the ASPA to become acting president of the Development Bank of American Samoa, a government-owned bank, beginning in November 2004. He was retained again as President of the bank in September 2006. Malae received praise for his management of the bank, which included a "clean" audit of its finances in 2007.
He remained as head of the bank until his resignation to run for governor in 2008. 
Malae, a Republican, was one of two American Samoans of the committee which drafted the election platform for the 2008 Republican National Convention. Malae served as one of American Samoa's elected delegates who supported 2008 presidential nominee Senator John McCain, and represented the territory at the 2008 Republican National Convention in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
2008 Gubernatorial Candidacy.
Utu Abe Malae announced the formation of an exploratory committee April 2008 to study the feasibility of a candidacy for Governor of American Samoa. The committee was made up of Malae's family, friends and supporters. 
Malae fueled further speculation that he was planning a run for Governor when tendered his resignation as president of the Development Bank of American Samoa. He submitted a letter of resignation to the bank's board of directors on May 29, 2008. He left the bank thirty days later.
Malae officially announced his candidacy on June 10, 2008, for Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial election. He chose Nua Mailo Saoluaga, a former Speaker of the American Samoa House of Representatives who is from Manu'a, as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor. Malae filed his petition to run for governor at the American Samoa Election Office at 9:00 A.M. on June 10. He held his official gubernatorial announcement at the Maliu Mai Beach Resort later in the day.
In his announcement, Malae promised to make healthcare and education a top priority in a future Malae administration. He referred to these as the top two issues facing American Samoa today.
Malae faced incumbent Gov. Togiola Tulafono and two other candidates in the gubernatorial election on November 4, 2008. Tulafono received 41.3% of the vote to Malae's 31.4%. Because no candidate received more than 50% of the vote, a run-off election between Malae and Tulafono took place on November 18, 2008. Governor Tulafono defeated Malae to win a second, four-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="19893380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893380" title="Glossen">
Glossen

Glossen ("Marginal Notes"), opus 163, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1855. The work was dedicated to the students of law at the Vienna University on the occasion of their ball held at the Sofienbaad-Saal, which was attended by 1200 or so guests. The title of the composition refers to explanatory notes appearing in margins of draft statutes prior to their becoming law.

</doc>
<doc id="19893399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893399" title="Lawrence W. Sherman">
Lawrence W. Sherman

Lawrence W. Sherman (born Schenectady, NY, 25 October 1949) is an experimental criminologist and the founder of "evidence-based policing." Since 2007 he has been the Wolfson Professor of Criminology and from 2012 the Director of the Cambridge Institute of Criminology at Cambridge University. The founding director of the Jerry Lee Centre for Experimental Criminology in 2008, he also serves as Director of the Cambridge Police Executive Programme. A Distinguished University Professor at the University of Maryland's Department of Criminology and Criminal Justice in College Park, Sherman’s primary research contributions have focused on crime prevention, evidence based policy, restorative justice, police practices and experimental criminology.
Research.
Lawrence Sherman is best known in science as an experimental criminologist, and to police leaders as the "father" of evidence-based policing. His use of randomized controlled experiments to study deterrence and crime prevention has led him to examine such wide-ranging issues as domestic violence, police crackdowns and saturation patrol, gun violence and , crack houses, and reintegrative shaming. He has collaborated with over 30 police and justice agencies around the world. Sherman’s research on domestic violence began in the 1980s with the Minneapolis Domestic Violence Experiment. His early experimental research into the influence of arrest on recidivism in spouse abuse led to changes in police department policies and procedures nationwide, encouraged state legislatures to modify state statutes to allow for misdemeanor arrest, and eventually resulted in five federally funded replications, one of which he conducted. In the late 1980s, Sherman’s experimental research into the effect of directed police patrol in high crime locations led to his development of the concept of “hot spots.” In the early 1990s, Sherman’s Kansas City Gun Experiment studied the effect of concentrated police patrol on gun crime and violence and that directed police patrol in gun crime “hot spots” led to an increase in seizures of illegally carried guns and a decrease in gun crimes. 
Since 1995, Sherman has been co directing a program of prospective longitudinal experiments in restorative justice involving approximately 2,500 offenders and 2,000 crime victims. Recently, he has been working on the development of new tools for predicting murder among offenders on probation and parole in Philadelphia, as well as randomized trials of intensive services among highest risk offenders.
In addition to his experimental research, Sherman has published articles and book chapters on a wide variety of topics, including police corruption, police education, police discretion, police crackdowns, restorative justice, investigations, police use of force, and fear reduction. In 1997, Sherman led a team of University of Maryland criminologists in producing Preventing Crime: What Works, What Doesn’t, What’s Promising, a Congressionally mandated evaluation of over 500 state and local crime prevention programs.
His major discoveries can be summarized as follows:
• In 1980 he discovered that restricting police powers to shoot people was not followed by any increases in crime, or in violence against police officers; this evidence was later cited by the U.S. Supreme Court in its 1985 TENNESSEE V. GARNER decision to restrict police powers to kill across the US. 
• In 1987 he discovered that over half of all reported crime and disorder occurred at just 3% of the property addresses in a major city, a finding that has since been consistently replicated in other cities. He showed that that exactly where and when crime will occur is far more predictable than anyone had previously thought, thus laying the theoretical and empirical basis for what is now called “hot spots policing,” now widely practiced from New York to Sydney.
• In 1995 he discovered that homicides, shootings and other gun crimes could be reduced by intensified but lawful use of police stop and search powers in hot spots of gun crime, a finding that has now been replicated in six out of six independent re-tests by other scholars. This research helped prompt a major change in police practice in the US that was followed by a substantial reduction in the US homicide rate.
• In 1992 he discovered that arrest has contradictory effects on different kinds of domestic violence offenders, causing less violence among employed men but doubling the frequency of violence among men without jobs. This finding has also been replicated by independent scientists, and is now the basis for some women’s advocates to recommend abandoning mandatory arrest policies for non-injurious domestic assault.
• In 1995, with his colleague David Weisburd, he demonstrated that doubling or tripling the frequency of police patrols in crime hot spots could reduce street crime by two-thirds. This discovery has been replicated by other scholars as well.
• In 2000, with his colleague Heather Strang (to whom he was married in 2010), he discovered that restorative justice conferences between violent offenders and their victims could reduce repeat offending by half.
• In 2006, with his colleagues Strang, Barnes and Woods, he showed that restorative justice also caused a 400% increase in criminal offending among Aboriginals, and that restorative justice must seen as a powerful and potentially dangerous intervention.
• In 2008, Sherman discovered with Strang that nine ten out of ten of the restorative justice experiments they designed with victims present substantially reduced the overall two-year frequency of repeat convictions or arrests, across a wide range of offence types, offenders, and points in the criminal justice system. This included seven that were independently assessed by Professor Joanna Shapland of Sheffield University. 
Research on the prestige of scholars in criminology and criminal justice has listed Sherman as one of the most highly cited scholars in the field.
Evidence-Based Policing.
In a 1998 Police Foundation lecture, Sherman sketched out the concept of “evidence-based policing,” modeled on the ideas of evidence-based medicine. His core idea was that police practice can be made far more effective if all of its complex but repeated elements were tested by repeated controlled field experiments. In February 2000, Sherman co-founded the Campbell collaboration's Crime and Justice Group, which has pursued the synthesis of research evidence on the effectiveness of policing and other crime prevention practices. Since then, the FBI Academy has offered a course on evidence-based policing, and it has become the subject of wide debate and commentary in police practice and research journals. 
In 2008, Sherman made evidence-based policing (EBP) the core of the Police Executive Programme at Cambridge University, a part-time course of study for senior police leaders from around the world to earn a Diploma or Master’s in applied criminology. In that year, the National Policing Improvement Agency (NPIA) funded the first international conference on EBP, which was attended by police executives from Asia, Australia, Europe and the US. Since then the conference has been held each July, with the 5th International Conference attended by over 250 police and scholars from six continents, including Africa and Latin America. 
In 2010, a group of UK police officers founded the Society of Evidence-Based Policing, and elected Sherman its first Honorary President, along with Sir Peter Fahy, Chief Constable of the UK's Greater Manchester Police (see http://sebp.police.uk/index.php); as of 2014 the Society has over 1,000 members, primarily UK police officers but with membershp from Australia to Argentina and North America. In 2013, UK Home Secretary Theresa May appointed Sherman an independent non-executive director of the new College of Policing, which develops and promotes evidence of what works in policing (www.college.police.uk). 
Institution-Building.
Sherman has been a prime mover in the development on several permanent new additions to the institutional landscape of criminology. The most visible of these new institutions is the Stockholm Prize in Criminology, which philanthropist Jerry Lee and Sherman proposed to Professor Jerzy Sarnecki of Stockholm University in mid-2000, and which Sarnecki brought to the Swedish Ministry of Justice where it received support from successive Ministers. The annual Prize for criminological research or its application that benefits humanity was funded by the Jerry Lee Foundation for a guaranteed minimum of ten years, with the first prizes awarded in 2006. The Prize has been awarded annually since then, most often presented by a member of the Royal Family, with Sherman and Sarnecki as co-chairs of the International Jury that selects the winners. In 2012, Justice Minister Beatrice Ask concluded an agreement with the Soderberg foundations to provide joint funding with Ministry investment of a permanent endowment for a new Stockholm Prize Foundation, which guarantees annual funding of the Prize in perpetuity .
Sherman has also founded or helped to found the Academy of Experimental Criminology (in 1999), the Division of Experimental Criminology of the American Society of Criminology (in 2009), the Campbell Collaboration and its Crime and Justice Group (in 2000), the first Department of Criminology in the Ivy League--at the University of Pennsylvania (in 2003) and its PhD and MA degrees (in 2001), its Master of Science (2004), and its Jerry Lee Center of Criminology (in 2001). He also founded the first centre for experimental criminology in 2008, the Jerry Lee Centre of Experimental Criminology at the University of Cambridge Institute of Criminology. 
Education.
Sherman graduated "magna cum laude" from Denison University in 1970, with a B.A. in political science. He received an M.A. in social science from the University of Chicago in 1970 and earned a Diploma in Criminology from Cambridge University in 1973. In 1976, Sherman received his Ph.D.in sociology from Yale University.
Academia.
From 1999 to 2007, Sherman was Greenfield Professor of Human Relations at the University of Pennsylvania, initially in the Department of Sociology. Under his leadership, Penn became the first Ivy League University to establish a Ph.D. in criminology as a separate field in 2000, and the first to establish a separate department of criminology in 2003, when Sherman was appointed the University’s first Professor of Criminology. He served as Chair of the University’s Department of Criminology from 2003 to 2007 and as the Director of the Fels Institute of Government from 1999 to 2005. He resigned from Penn in June 2010. 
Both before and after his appointments at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Cambridge, Sherman served and serves as a member of the faculty of the Department of Criminology and Criminal Justice at the University of Maryland, College Park from 1982 to 1999, and returned there in 2010. He served as Maryland's Chair from 1995 to 1999. In 1998 he was named a Distinguished University Professor, a rank he still holds. In 1987, he was the Seth Boyden Distinguished Visiting Professor at Rutgers University’s Graduate School of Criminal Justice and from 1994 to 2005 he also served as Adjunct Professor of Law at the Australian National University’s Research School of Social Science. From 1976 to 1980 he was on the faculty of the University at Albany’s School of Criminal Justice. 
From 2001 to 2007 he was the co-director of the Justice Research Consortium in the United Kingdom. Since 1995 has been the Scientific Director of RISE, an ongoing research program in partnership with Australian National University and the Australian Federal Police. From 1985 to 1995 he served as president of the Crime Control Institute, and from 1979 to 1985 he was the Director of Research at the Washington-D.C.-based Police Foundation.
Awards and honors.
Sherman has been the recipient of numerous honors and awards for his work in the field of criminology and criminal justice. In 2013 the University of Stockholm awarded him an honorary doctorate in social science, and George Mason University presented him its Award for Distinguished Achievement in Evidence-Based Crime Policy. In 2014 Denison University announced that he would receive an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters. 
In 1998 he became the Founding President of the Academy of Experimental Criminology and in 1999 was elected a fellow of the Academy. In 2006, the Academy presented him with the Joan McCord Award for Outstanding Contributions to Experimental Criminology.
In 1994, Sherman was elected a fellow of the American Society of Criminology. In 1999, he received the Society’s Edwin Sutherland Award for outstanding contributions to the field of Criminology. In 2001 he was elected President of the Society. He served as President of the International Society for Criminology from 2000 to 2005 and President of the American Academy of Political and Social Science from 2001 to 2005; the AAPSS also elected him as a Fellow in 2008.
In 1994, the Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences presented Sherman with the Bruce Smith Sr. Award, in recognition of outstanding contributions to criminal justice as an academic or professional endeavor. Sherman received the Distinguished Scholarship Award in Crime, Law and Deviance from the American Sociological Association in 1993, the Beccaria Medal in Gold from the Society of Criminology of German-speaking Nations in 2009, the Robert Boruch Award from the International Campbell Collaboration in 2010, and the Benjamin Franklin Medal of the Royal Society of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce in 2011.
His son, Eliot L. Sherman, is a PhD student in organizational behavior at UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business, and his daughter, Katharine M. Sherman, is a playwright living in St. Paul MN. His wife, Heather Strang, is a leading scholar of restorative justice also teaching at the Cambridge Institute of Criminology.
Selected Writings.
Lawrence W. Sherman. 2013. "Targeting, Testing and Tracking Police Services: The Rise of Evidence-Based Policing, 1975–2025." CRIME AND JUSTICE vol. 42, M. Tonry editor, University of Chicago Press.
Lawrence Sherman and Heather Strang. 2007. Restorative Justice: The Evidence. London: Smith Institute, 95 pp.
Lawrence W. Sherman, David P. Farrington, Brandon Welsh and Doris MacKenzie, eds., Evidence-Based Crime Prevention. London: Routledge, 2002.
Lawrence W. Sherman, et al. 1997. Preventing Crime: What Works, What Doesn't, What's Promising. Report to the U.S. Congress. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Dept. of Justice, 655 pp.
Lawrence W. Sherman, Policing Domestic Violence: Experiments and Dilemmas. N.Y.: Free Press, 1992. (Winner of 1993-94 Distinguished Scholarship Award, American Sociological Association, Section on Crime, Law and Deviance).
Lawrence W. Sherman and Douglas A. Smith, "Crime, Punishment and Stake in Conformity: Legal and Informal Control of Domestic Violence." Am. Sociological Review, 57(5): 680-690 (1992).
Lawrence W. Sherman and Richard A. Berk, "The Specific Deterrent Effects of Arrest for Domestic Assault." Am. Sociological Review, 49(2): 261-272 (1984).
Lawrence W. Sherman, Patrick R. Gartin, and Michael E. Buerger, "Hot Spots of Predatory Crime: Routine Activities and the Criminology of Place." Criminology 27: 27-55 (1989).
Lawrence W. Sherman, Scandal and Reform: Controlling Police Corruption. Berkeley: University of California Press (1978) 304 pp.
Lawrence W. Sherman, "Execution Without Trial: Police Homicide and the Constitution." Vanderbilt Law Review 33, 1:71-100 (1980). by U. S. Supreme Court in Tennessee v. Garner, 1985
Lawrence W. Sherman, “Gun Carrying and Homicide Prevention” Journal of the American Medical Association 283: 1193–1195. March 1, 2000.
References.
1. New York Times(http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/26/nyregion/police-have-done-more-than-prisons-to-cut-crime-in-new-york.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0)
2. “Professor Lawrence Sherman”, Institute of Criminology, Cambridge University (http://www.crim.cam.ac.uk/about/people/biog.html?recordID=96)
3. “Lawrence W. Sherman, Director”, Jerry Lee Center of Criminology (http://www.sas.upenn.edu/jerrylee/people/lsherman.htm)
4. “AEC Presidents: Lawrence W. Sherman”, The Academy for Experimental Criminology (http://www.crim.upenn.edu/aec/lsherman.htm)
5. The American Society of Criminology, (http://www.asc41.com)
6. “The Society”, The International Society for Criminology (http://www.aapss.org/section.cfm/3/14)
7. “Presidents of the Academy”, American Academy of Political and Social Science (http://www.aapss.org/section.cfm/3/14)
8. “Past Award Recipients”, Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences (http://www.acjs.org/pubs/167_770_3526.cfm)

</doc>
<doc id="19893402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893402" title="Lindup, British Columbia">
Lindup, British Columbia

Lindup is a railway point located near Penny, British Columbia on the north bank of the Fraser River. The Grand Trunk Pacific Railway built a station here in 1914. The station was later moved to Penny after that community's original railway station burned down in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19893420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893420" title="Gabino Sosa">
Gabino Sosa

Gabino Sosa (born 4 October 1899) was an Argentine football midfielder who played for Central Córdoba and the Argentina national team.
Career.
Born in Rosario - Sosa began playing soccer for local side Central Córdoba. Playing left wing; he made his debut in the local championship in 1913.
Sosa played his entire club career as an amateur for Central Córdoba, winning four local championships with the club and the 1934 Copa Adrián Beccar Varela. When Argentine football turned professional in 1931, Sosa declined professional contract offers from clubs in Buenos Aires and stayed on with Central Córdoba.
Sosa played fifteen times for the Argentina national team, scoring six goals. On October 20, 1926
he scored four goals in the same game in a famous 8-0 win over Paraguay.
After retiring as a player he went on to become a football coach, managing Central Córdoba from 1939.
Personal.
On November 7, 1969 the home stadium of Central Córdoba was renamed Estadio Gabino Sosa in his honour. Supporters of the club purchased a house for Sosa, and he died shortly thereafter on March 3, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19893438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893438" title="North Bend School District">
North Bend School District

North Bend School District (13) is a public school district that serves the city of North Bend, Oregon, United States.
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 73 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 3.0% of students in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="19893446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893446" title="Railway divisions in Germany">
Railway divisions in Germany

In Germany and Austria, the running of railway services for a railway administration or the regional network of a large railway company was devolved to railway divisions, variously known as "Eisenbahndirektionen (ED), Bundesbahndirektionen (BD)" or "Reichsbahndirektionen (RBD/Rbd)". Their organisation was determined by the railway company concerned or by the state railway and, in the German-speaking lands at least, they formed the intermediate authorities and regional management organisations within the state railway administration's hierarchy. On the formation of the Deutsche Bahn AG in 1994 the system of railway divisions ("Eisenbahndirektionen") in Germany was discontinued and their tasks were transferred to new "business areas".
Germany.
State railway divisions.
Incorporation into the state government.
The first railway divisions of the various German state railways (known as "Länderbahnen"), usually reported to a specific government ministry. For example in Prussia they came under the 'Ministry for Trade, Industry and Public Works" and, from 1878, the "Ministry of Public Works" which had been split off from it. In the Kingdom of Bavaria the railway operating divisions came under the "State Ministry of Transport". By contrast the Royal Saxon State Railways reported to the Saxon finance ministry.
In Bavaria the five railway operating divisions ("Eisenbahnbetriebsdirektionen") initially worked under the "General Division for Royal Transportation", in 1886 they reported to the "General Division of the Royal Bavarian State Railways" and from 1906 to the "State Ministry of Transport".
As a small state, Baden ran its railway operations from just one central headquarters and it was not until 1882 that there was a railway division in Karlsruhe. Hitherto, the responsibility for national railway construction was allocated to its Home Office and operations, by contrast, to the Foreign Office. In between times, the "Department of Waterway and Road Construction" and, later on, the "Department of Post and Railways" were responsible.
Internal organisation.
As the organisation of railway operations progressed, railway divisions were usually subject to state control with regard to finances. In particular this covered the fares structure (standard fare rates and special fares for specific areas), the retention or handing over of financial takings and the guarantee of additional resoureces to compensate for losses or for the construction of railway structures such as stations, new lines or electrification.
Within these prescribed boundaries the divisions ran the traffic operations on the routes allocated to them. Internally they frequently had departments assigned to "Finance and Staff", "Timetables, Fares and Operating Procedures" and "Construction, Maintenance and Vehicles".
Sub-divisions.
Beyond that, a railway division could have several traffic operating offices, main workshops or locomotive depots at various locations, that were each allocated to specific lines.
It was also sometimes the case that in a city or at a railway hub, several traffic operating offices of different railway divisions were represented next to one another, especially in the capital city of Berlin.
For example, the "Royal Berlin Division of the State Railways" was divided into eleven external "traffic operating offices" ("Betriebsämter") for the routes shown:
Following its restructuring on 1 April 1895 the Berlin division had:
In addition to the president, the workforce comprised 15 members of the board, 10 assistants, an accounts director, an accounts manager and 580 office workers.
Prussia.
In Prussia the administrations of the larger state railways were reorganised into independent divisions that were referred to as "Royal Railway Divisions" ("Königliche Eisenbahndirektionen" or "KED" for short. Later they were simply called railway divisions ("Eisenbahndirektionen" or "ED") within the Prussian state railways. Prussia's vast railway network had the largest number of railway divisions and they had widely differing structures. The railway divisions reported directly to the Ministry for Trade, Industry and Public Works until 1878, when it was broken up and the divisions reported to the newly formed Ministry for Public Works. In addition to the railways, it was responsible for the construction of canals and country roads, thus it was a sort of transport ministry.
Divisions.
As at 1907, after the management reform of 1895 and its merger with the Hessian State Railways, the Prussian state railways had the following divisions:
The divisions created as a result of the restructuring of 1895 in Prussia were, in the main, adopted by their successor administrations: the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft, the Deutsche Bundesbahn and the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany.
Bavaria.
The state-run regional administrations which formed part of the Royal Bavarian State Railways were initially referred to as "railway offices" ("Bahnämter") and "main railway offices" ("Oberbahnämter"). The latter were located in Augsburg, Bamberg, Ingolstadt, Kempten, Munich, Nuremberg, Regensburg, Rosenheim, Weiden and Würzburg. Until 1886, they were subordinated to the "General Division of Royal Transportation" ("Generaldirektion der königlichen Verkehrsanstalten") and from 1886 to 1906 to the "General Division of the Royal Bavarian State Railways" ("Generaldirektion der königlich bayerischen Staatseisenbahnen"). From 1906 'railway operating divisions' ("Eisenbahnbetriebsdirektionen") were created, that reported to the "State Ministry for Transport" ("Staatsministerium für Verkehrsangelegenheiten"). They included the divisions of Augsburg, Ludwigshafen/Rhine, Munich, Nuremberg, Bamberg, Regensburg and Würzburg, that, apart from Bamberg (which became part of Nuremberg) were taken over by the Reichsbahn in 1920.
Saxony.
In Saxony there were initially several organisationally separate "state railways", based in Dresden, in Leipzig and briefly it would seem in Chemnitz.
On 1 August 1848 the "Royal Division of the Saxon-Bohemian State Railway" ("Königliche Direction der Sächsisch-Böhmischen Staatseisenbahn") was founded. Shortly afterwards it was retitled to the "Royal Division of the Saxon-Bohemian and Saxon-Silesian State Railways" ("Königlichen Direction der Sächsisch-Böhmischen und Sächsisch-Schlesischen Staatseisenbahnen"), from 14 December 1852 to the "Royal State Railway Division" ("Königlichen Staatseisenbahn-Direction"), from 1 October 1853 to the "Royal Division of the Eastern State Railways" ("Königliche Direktion der östlichen Staatseisenbahnen") and finally on 1 July 1869 it was combined with the Leipzig division to become the "Royal General Division of the Saxon State Railways" ("Königlichen Generaldirection der sächsischen Staatseisenbahnen").
On 1 April 1847 in Leipzig the "Royal Division of the Saxon-Bavarian State Railway" ("Königliche Direction der Sächsisch-Bayerischen Staatseisenbahn") was founded; on 1 October 1853 it became the "Royal Division of the Western State Railway" ("Königlichen Direktion der westlichen Staatseisenbahn"). It was disbanded on 1 July 1869 and merged with Dresden.
Other state railways.
The other state railway divisions were:
Deutsche Reichsbahn.
In 1920 the successor to all the German state railways, the Deutsche Reichsbahn was founded and, in 1924 the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (to 1945/1949) took over most of the divisions of the German "Länderbahnen", which then acted as intermediate authorities within the Reichsbahn structure. During the 1930s, a few of the smaller Reichsbahn divisions were allocated to larger divisions or split between several divisions.
The Reichsbahn divisions ("Reichsbahndirektionen", "RBD" or "Rbd") were responsible for traffic operations, locomotive running and all specialist functions that were not reserved by the Ministry, by a senior management department ("Oberbetriebsleitung", later "Generalbetriebsleitung"), a central office or special "lead divisions". In the case of the latter, the specific functions of several "RBD"s were carried out by one of them. These were primarily workshop functions (especially those of the Reichsbahn repair shops, the "Reichsbahnausbesserungswerke", which counted as "offices"), i. e. these lead divisions commanded and oversaw the activities of all workshops in the repair shops of its area of business, the remaining, local "RBD"s having nothing to do with those workshops.
Each "RBD" was usually divided into five specialist departments, that corresponded to the railway departments of the Reich Transport Ministry and the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft.
Reichsbahn divisions.
The individual divisions were given identification letters. Even the abbreviations of stations and other operating points within the division began with the divisional letter as recorded in the Reichsbahn's official list of railway operating points (DV100/DS100).
In 1927, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft was divided into 24 Reichsbahn divisions, to which were added the six, initially separate, divisions of the Bavarian Group Administration ("Gruppenverwaltung Bayern") and two divisions from the wider German-speaking world:
The Bavarian Group Administration (dissolved at the end of 1933) of the Deutsche Reichsbahn included the:
The railway lines of the Sudetenland were allocated to the neighbouring railway divisions of Breslau, Dresden and Regensburg. In 1939, after the annexation of former German imperial and Polish territories into the German Reich, two new Reichsbahn divisions were formed:
Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR (East Germany).
The Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the war added four more divisions to those on its national territory taken over from its predecessor organisation. These took over the responsibility formerly discharged by the divisions in the former eastern terrorities and by those now in the Federal Republic of Germany, keeping the identification letters. The Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR continued to refer to them as "Reichsbahn divisions" until its merger into the Deutschen Bahn AG in 1994.
Each Reichsbahn division was headed by a President, who reported to the Ministry of Transport. The Reichsbahn division was subordinated to a Reichsbahn office, local departments to the main functional branches of engineering, wagon maintenance, railway infrastructure, safety and communications, and departments with special tasks to the district. The Reichsbahn division itself was split into groups, run by a group head, and into functional departments (e.g. planning, personnel and training, ledger keeping and statistics). The boundaries of the Reichsbahn divisions took account of the railway network and the territorial structure of the GDR.
GDR Reichsbahn divisions.
List of divisions in the Reichsbahn in East Germany:
Deutsche Bundesbahn.
On the creation of the Deutsche Bundesbahn the former "Reichsbahndirektionen" were renamed "Bundesbahndirektionen" (federal railway divisions).
Their area of operations was broadly the same as the former Reichsbahn divisions with the exception of areas which lay in the GDR and the eastern European countries.
Following the law creating the Bundesbahn the railway divisions were subordinated to the 20-strong governing body of the Bundesbahn, whose members were selected by the federal government. According to the Bundesbahn law, the governing body decided on the presidents of the railway divisions in agreement with the board, as well as the establishment, transfer, dissolution or significant organisational changes to a railway division or a central office of the Deutsche Bundesbahn and any major changes to its districts.
The law also specified that organisational changes had to be carried out with the agreement of the state authorities affected. The final authority was the Federal Minister of Transport.
Bundesbahn divisions.
In 1993 the Deutsche Bundesbahn was divided into the following divisions (in brackets the identification numbers of the traffic operating departments, the construction and engineering departments had this number plus 50):
At that time the following divisions had been dissolved and absorbed by other remaining divisions:
In addition there were departments like the Bundesbahn central offices in Munich and Minden (Westf.) and other central departments, whose ambit covered several divisions.
On the creation of Deutsche Bahn AG in 1994 all the divisions were scrapped and their tasks transferred to new business areas.
Tabular overview.
In the following table all the former German railway divisions are listed, together with their affiliations over time. For some of the railway divisions in this table earlier formation dates are given; these are usually the divisions of the former private railway companies.
Länderbahn abbreviations:
Austria.
Former Austro-Hungary.
The organisation in Austria dates from a decree of 24 February 1882. According to that a "Royal Imperial Division for State Railway Operations" in Vienna was subordinated to the Trade Ministry and was assigned a state railway governing body. Below that were main railway operating offices ("Oberbahnbetriebsämter") which were made responsible for overseeing the traffic operations, construction, railway maintenance and train services within a given district.
In Hungary, central management of operations was in the hands of a division in Pest with a director at its head, who had sub-directors appointed to run the various functional branches. The latter exercised a degree of independence of management within their area of business and acted on the board of directors as experts in their own right. Operations, construction, track maintenance and train services for the various operating districts (of 150–600 km in size) were entrusted to operating and traffic managers (llike the railway operating offices in Prussia).
Annexed Austria.
After the annexation of Austria in 1938 into the German Reich the territory operated by the BBÖ was allocated to the following Reichsbahn divisions:
Poland.
German Ostbahn.
After the invasion of Poland the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRB) organised the railway routes in the so-called "Generalgouvernement" on 1 November 1939 into the "General Division of the Eastern Railway" ("Generaldirektion der Ostbahn") (GEDOB) with its headquarters in Kraków (Krakau). The majority of the staff of the Deutsche Ostbahn came from Germany; Polish citizens were only permitted to be employed in the lower ranks. The rolling stock on the Ostbahn came from the former Polish State Railways (PKP).

</doc>
<doc id="19893495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893495" title="Hotter Than Hell Live">
Hotter Than Hell Live

Hotter Than Hell Live! is a 1990 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19893511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893511" title="Alfred Albini">
Alfred Albini

Alfred Albini (15 July 1896  – 4 November 1978) was a Croatian Jewish architect. He received a Vladimir Nazor Award for architecture and urban planning.
Albini was born and died in Zagreb, Croatia. He worked at the ateliers of Viktor Kovačić and Hugo Ehrlich and as a professor at the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Zagreb. He projected single-family houses and apartment buildings, together with civic buildings (Faculty of Technology at the University of Zagreb). He synthesized modernistic ideas into his own architectural expression. He discussed the problem of urban planning and the protection of landmarks, wrote expert works and theoretical articles and painted. Albini died on 4 November 1978 in Zagreb. He was buried at the Mirogoj Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19893538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893538" title="David Hendin">
David Hendin

David Bruce Hendin (born December 16, 1945) is an American leading expert in ancient Jewish and Biblical coins and artifacts. He is also known for his earlier career as a medical journalist, newspaper columnist, publishing executive, and author. Hendin’s published books range from the groundbreaking bestseller "Death as a Fact of Life" to the standard reference "Guide to Biblical Coins."
Jewish-Biblical coins expertise.
Hendin is well known as an authority on Biblical and ancient Jewish coins. He has published more than a 20 articles in this field in scholarly journals and has been an invited speaker at symposia in Italy, Great Britain, Israel and the United States. His monthly column, "Biblical Coins", has appeared in the numismatic magazine, "The Celator", every month since 1988 – more than 200 articles, which resulted in the Numismatic Literary Guild award for “Best Magazine Column,” in 2000 and 1993. In 1996 he received the Ben Odesser Judaic Literary Award for his writing on ancient coins of the Holy Land. In 2003 he received the Presidential Award of the American Numismatic Association.
Hendin’s books and articles about coins and pre-coinage currency and weights of the ancient Middle East span his more than 40-year study of the subjects. In 1985 and 1986 he was chief numismatist of the Joint Sepphoris (Israel) Project excavations under the auspices of Duke University (Eric and Carol Meyers) and Hebrew University (Ehud Netzer). As chairman of the numismatic committee of the Jewish Museum in New York, Hendin worked with the late Prof. Ya'akov Meshorer to prepare and acquire coins for the exhibit, and edited the catalog "Coins Reveal" in 1983. Hendin also edited and published "Ancient Jewish Coinage Vols. I & II," by Ya’akov Meshorer and the English edition of "A Treasury of Jewish Coins" by Ya'akov Meshorer. In 1992 he was elected a Fellow of the American Numismatic Society and is now a Life Fellow. Hendin has donated many significant numismatic and archaeological objects to the Israel Museum, Jerusalem, and as a result was honored in 2001 as a Sponsor of the Israel Museum.
Hendin’s interest in ancient Jewish and Biblical coins began during a year-long stint as a volunteer of Israel’s Six-Day War in 1967–68, during which he learned to speak Hebrew and taught biology at an agricultural high school near Ashkelon. Previously his father, Aaron Hendin, a St. Louis physician, had been a long-time collector and student of ancient Jewish coins. But it took a year of living in Israel for the younger Hendin to spark to the subject. Once he began his studies, however, he did not let up and he was mentored for decades by the world leaders in the field including Ya'akov Meshorer, Professor of Archaeology and Numismatics at Hebrew University, founding curator Numismatic Department and Chief Curator of the Israel Museum; Dan Barag, Professor of Archaeology and Numismatics at Hebrew University; and Shraga Qedar, a well known Israeli numismatic scholar. On Meshorer’s death in 2002 Hendin helped establish the Meshorer Prize in Numismatics given by the Israel Museum, and he sits on the board that awards the Meshorer Prize. He is also a board member of the Ancient Coin Collectors Guild.
"Guide to Biblical Coins", first published in 1976 as "Guide to Ancient Jewish Coins," is now in its 4th edition, with a 5th edition expected in 2010. It is one of the standard texts and references in the field. Hendin has lectured at various numismatic societies throughout the U.S. and Israel, including The Israel Museum and the Israel Numismatic Society.
Journalism career.
In 1993, after a 23-year career, Hendin left Scripps Howard’s United Feature Syndicate/Newspaper Enterprise Association, most recently as senior vice president and editorial director for syndication and president and publisher of The World Almanac Books division. At United Feature Syndicate, Hendin was responsible for signing columnists and cartoonists such as Judith Martin (Miss Manners ), Alan Dershowitz, Scott Adams (Dilbert ), Mayor Ed Koch, Julian Bond, George McGovern, Ben J. Wattenberg, Sen. William Proxmire, Michael Kinsley, Mort Kondracke, Jeffrey Zazlow, Elaine Viets, and Dr. Peter Gott. He also worked with Pulitzer Prize winning muckraker Jack Anderson and cartoonists Charles M. Schulz (Peanuts ), Jim Davis (Garfield ), Mort Walker (Beetle Bailey, Gamin & Patches ), Mike Peters (Pulitzer Prize winning editorial cartoonist), artist Peter Max, and many others. He launched the first newspaper column that led to America’s 1980s coupon-clipping craze, "The Supermarket Shopper" by Martin Sloane. In 1992 Hendin was a featured speaker at Ohio State University’s Festival of Cartoon Art.
During his years as a journalist with Scripps-Howard’s news and feature syndicates, Hendin was a medical journalist, and author of more than 1,000 newspaper and magazine articles, Hendin has been honored with many journalism awards, including the American Medical Writer's Association Book of the Year (1977), Medical Journalism Award of the American Medical Association (1972), Blakeslee Award of the American Heart Association (1973), and the Claude Bernard Science Journalism Award (1974). "The New York Times" has called Hendin’s writing “brilliant and highly sensitive,” and "The Washington Post" referred to it as “journalism of the highest order.” His book Death as a Fact of Life was serialized for a week in the "New York Post" and other newspapers nationwide. His books have been translated into Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Hebrew, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Hendin’s syndicated newspaper column "The Medical Consumer" was published in newspapers nationwide for six years. His earlier column, "Man and His World", was the first syndicated newspaper column on ecology and ran from 1970 to 1974. During his journalism career, Hendin wrote more than 1,000 articles for daily newspapers and magazines such as "Saturday Review", "Reader's Digest", and "Science News".
From 1971 to 1986 he was Adjunct Professor of Journalism at the University of Missouri School of Journalism, and he founded and directed their New York Science Journalism Program. In 1975 and 1976 Hendin was a lecturer in science and medical journalism at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. He served on the boards of trustees of the Scripps Howard Foundation; the Kinsey Institute for Sex, Gender, and Reproduction; The Newspaper Comics Council; The Holy Land Conservation Fund, and of the Council for the Advancement of Science Writing.
In 1993 he became a consultant and literary agent who has counted among his clients Judith Martin (MISS MANNERS), Elaine Viets, Mike Peters (GRIMMY), Rabbi Abraham Twerski, M.D., Brad and Guy Gilchrist (NANCY), Alan Dershowitz, Tom Wilson (ZIGGY), the late Charles M. Schulz (PEANUTS), and many other talented creators. Hendin was co-executive producer of the 1993 PBS Special "Miss Manners and Company".
Education.
Born and raised in St. Louis, Hendin is the son of Dr. Aaron and Lillian Hendin. He graduated Horton Watkins (Ladue) High School (1963), which recognized him in 2002 as one of 37 distinguished alumni in the school’s 50-year history. He attended the University of Missouri, Columbia, and received his BS degree in Biology (1967) and his MA degree from Missouri’s School of Journalism in 1971.
He has been married since 1985 to Jeannie Luciano, vice chair and director of trade publishing at W.W. Norton & Co. Publishers. He has three children, Sarah, born 1972, Ben, born 1975 and Alexander, born 1990.
Hendin has been listed in "Who's Who in America" since 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19893539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893539" title="Thomas Iorwerth Ellis">
Thomas Iorwerth Ellis

Thomas Iorwerth Ellis OBE (19 December 1899 – 20 April 1970) was a Welsh classicist, who wrote many books on Welsh literature and Welshmen, (in Welsh and English), including a biography of his father, Thomas Edward Ellis.
Life.
Ellis, the son of the MP Thomas Edward Ellis, was educated at Westminster School (where he was a King's Scholar), the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and Jesus College, Oxford. He was an assistant master at Cardiff School for Boys from 1924 to 1928, then an assistant lecturer in classics at University College, Swansea from 1928 to 1930. He left to become headmaster of the County School in Rhyl, a post he held for 10 years. He was a lecturer in classics at St David's College, Lampeter from 1940 to 1941, then a lecturer at Aberystwyth from 1941 to 1946. He helped to found the New Wales Union in 1941 and was secretary for 25 years. He was awarded an honorary degree of LLD by the University of Wales in 1967 in recognition of his cultural services to Wales, and in the following year he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. He served as warden of the Guild of Graduates of the University of Wales for six years, and as High Sheriff of Cardiganshire from 1944 to 1945. He was also a member of the Court and Council of the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and of the National Library of Wales, and served as a member of the Governing Body, Representative Body and College of Episcopal Electors of the Church in Wales. He died on 20 April 1970.
Publications.
Ellis also made a number of contributions to the "Dictionary of Welsh Biography" (published by the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion) and articles and reviews in various English- and Welsh-language journals.

</doc>
<doc id="19893542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893542" title="Newlands, British Columbia">
Newlands, British Columbia

Newlands is a community located at the east end of Eaglet Lake, between Willow River and Upper Fraser in central British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19893566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893566" title="Wolverine, British Columbia">
Wolverine, British Columbia

Wolverine is a railway point located to the west of Giscome, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19893611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893611" title="Queen's Laundry Bath House">
Queen's Laundry Bath House

The Queen's Laundry Bath House is a ruinous structure in Yellowstone National Park. The log building sits on the edge of the Queen's Laundry thermal feature in the Lower Geyser Basin. The water at this location is somewhat cooler than the norm, allowing early tourists to bathe. Begun by Yellowstone park superintendent Philetus Norris, the bath house was intended to have two rooms and a dirt-covered roof, but was never completed. Begun in 1881, it may be the oldest extant park visitor structure in the National Park Service system.
The ruins are located near the western end of Sentinel Meadows on a travertine mound formed by Queen's Laundry Spring. The structure measures by , and had a low shed roof. The log walls were vee-notched. The roof structure is incomplete and gradually deteriorating, and was intended to be covered with earth.. The interior comprises two rooms of approximately equal size, which are in the process of gradually being covered by hot springs deposits.
In his 1881 annual report, Superintendent Norris proposed the construction of the bath house for public use. After the structure was partly built, Superintendent Patrick H. Conger took over management and declined to pursue its completion. The park proposed removing it entirely in 1964, but opted to retain it as the only example of a park structure from Yellowstone's early period of civilian management.

</doc>
<doc id="19893613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893613" title="Channar revolt">
Channar revolt

The Channar Lahala (ചാന്നാർ ലഹള) or Channar revolt refers to incidents surrounding the rebellion by Nadar climber women asserting their right to wear upper-body clothes against the caste restrictions sanctioned by the Travancore kingdom, a part of present day Kerala, India.
In Travancore, Cochin and Malabar, no female was allowed to cover their upper part of the body in front of Upper castes of Kerala until the 19th century. Under the support of Ayya Vaikundar, some communities fought for their right to wear upper clothes and the upper class resorted to attacking them in 1818. In 1819, the Rani of Travancore announced that the lower castes including the Nadar climber women have no right to wear upper clothes like most lower non-Brahmin castes of Kerala. However, the aristocratic Nadan women of the region were exempted from this restriction. Violence against Nadar climber women who revolted against this continued and reached its peak in 1858 across the kingdom, notably in southern taluks of Neyyattinkara and Neyyur. 
On 26 July 1859, under pressure from the Madras Governor, the king of Travancore issued a proclamation announcing the right of Nadar climber women to wear upper clothes but on condition that they should not imitate the style of clothing worn by upper class women. Though the proclamation did not quell the tension immediately, it gradually subsided as the social and economical status of Nadar climbers progressed in subsequent decades with significant support from missionaries and Ayya Vaikundar.
Cause.
19th century Travancore had a rigid caste hierarchy. There also existed a strict code of respect and mannerisms enforced by the state. The women were not allowed to carry pots on their hips or wear clothes that covered their breasts. Baring of chest to higher status was considered a sign of respect, by both males and females. The Nadar climbers of Travancore fared a little better than their Tirunelveli counterparts, but, however, suffered severe social disabilities, unlike their Tirunelveli counterparts, under the rigid caste hierarchy of Travancore. As Swami Vivekanandha stated, Kerala was a mad asylum of castes. The Nadar climber women were not allowed to cover their bosoms, as most of the non- Brahmin women, to punctuate their low status. However the aristocratic Nadan women, their counterparts, had the rights to cover their bosom. Uneasy with their social status, a large number of Nadar climbers embraced Christianity.
Influences.
Proselytization to Christianity by missionaries started in Tirunelveli and started spreading to Travancore. In 1813, Colonel John Munro, British "dewan" in the Travancore court, issued an order granting permission to wear upper cloth to women converted to Christianity. The order permitted the newly converted climber women to wear "kuppayam", a type of jacket worn by Syrian Christians. However this did not satisfy the climber women. Christian missionaries continued proselytising the Nadar climbers and helped the women train in lace making and other profitable business. The Nadar Christians became upwardly mobile.
1858 revolt.
Though the Nadar Christians improved their status with the aid of Christian missionaries, the outcome of the conversion was not according to the point of view of the missionaries. The Christian Nadar climber women, along with the Hindu Nadar climber women, wore the upper jacket in the manner of upper-class women and also their Tamil counterparts, in order to improve their social status. In turn they were discriminated and even abused by upper class men. One of the Nadan families of Agastheeswaram, instead of supporting their depressed counterparts, supported the upper class men and claimed that only their women had the right to wear an uppercloth.
In 1858, fresh violence broke out in several places in Travancore and the governor of Madras presidency, Charles Trevelyan, pressured the Travancore king. On 26 July 1859, the king issued a proclamation leading to the restoration of equal rights to wear upper cloth to all Kerala Nadar climber women.

</doc>
<doc id="19893622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893622" title="Alfredo Pérez (boxer)">
Alfredo Pérez (boxer)

Alfredo Pérez (born February 11, 1952) is a retired Venezuelan boxer. He competed for his South American nation at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. There, he was defeated in the Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg) division by Poland's eventual bronze medal winner Leszek Błażyński. Pérez won the gold medal in the same weight division at the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19893625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893625" title="San Francisco de los Romo Municipality">
San Francisco de los Romo Municipality

San Francisco de los Romo is a municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It stands at in the central part of the state.
The municipality, which has an area of 139.54 km², reported a 2010 Census population of 35,769. It is located in the middle of the Aguascalientes Valley, at 20 km towards north from the state capital Aguascalientes; it adjoins with the municipalities of Pabellón de Arteaga and Asientos to the north, Jesús María to the west, and Aguascalientes to the south-east.
The town of San Francisco de los Romo, which is the sixth-largest community in the state, is located at the northwest corner of the municipality and serves as its municipal seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19893637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893637" title="Typhus (disambiguation)">
Typhus (disambiguation)

Medical.
In modern medical English, the term typhus refers to a group of rickettsioses only. Some other groups of infectious diseases also have similar names:
These three diseases were considered as one until first half of 19th century (typhoid fever was separated from typhus in 1829, and relapsing fever was differentiated in 1843).
In a number of other languages (especially Slavic, such as Russian, Bulgarian, or Ukrainian), these three groups of different infectious diseases share the same basic name ("тиф" for the Cyrillic languages). In German, the term "Typhus" refers to typhoid fever, whereas rickettsioses are referred to as "Fleckfieber".

</doc>
<doc id="19893676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893676" title="Western non-interpolations">
Western non-interpolations

Western non-interpolations are readings in the Western text-type that are shorter than those of other New Testament text types. The term was coined by F. J. A. Hort. 
The Alexandrian text is generally terse; the Western text is enlarged and paraphrased at places; the Byzantine text is a combination of the two. Nevertheless, the Western text is in certain places shorter than the Alexandrian text. All these shorter readings Hort named "western non-interpolations". Since the 18th century, scholars have preferred the shorter reading. It was the authentic text according to B. F. Westcott and F. J. A. Hort. When they printed The New Testament in the Original Greek (1882), in almost all cases, it followed the Alexandrian text with a few exceptions — including Western non-interpolations. According to Westcott and Hort, on some rare occasions Western textual witnesses have preserved the original text, against all other witnesses. 
Influence on the New Testament editions.
The "Western non-interpolations" were not included in the main text of Westcott-Hort edition (1881), but were instead moved to the footnotes. The editions of Nestle and Nestle-Aland did the same. In 1968, "the editorial committee (or more precisely its majority) decided to abandon the theories of Westcott-Hort and the Western non-interpolations." Since 1968 they are included in the main text, but marked with brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="19893700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893700" title="Toutes les femmes en moi">
Toutes les femmes en moi

Toutes les femmes en moi is the 6th French album and 8th studio album in total released by Lara Fabian.
During 2008, Fabian was in Belgium preparing to record a brand new French album with famous pianist Mark Herskowitz, who had also composed and arranged the hidden instrumental track featured on the 2001 album "Nue". This album was rumoured to be "an album of traditional savour" inspired by classical pieces by Chopin and Gerschwin however following comments by the artist this is now in doubt. The album was partly recorded in Montreal, Canada.
Fabian confirmed the release of this much anticipated album on her official website on 20 October 2008. Fabian stated on her website that Toutes les femmes en moi is "daring" and "Blues, Jazz, Gospel, Klezmer, Tango, Neo Classic, White Soul come close without disturbing each other...". Fabian said in an English language blog on her official website: "Songs like « Göttingen » (Barbara), « L'amour existe encore » (Céline Dion) or « Il venait d'avoir 18 ans » (Dalida) embrace each other in album...". However she also stated that will "not be a cover album" leading initially to some ambiguity as to the content of the album.
The album was released on May 25, 2009, postponed from December 2008. The first single release from this album is "Soleil, Soleil" (a cover of the Nana Mouskouri song). This song was sent to French radio stations on March 11, 2009.
The album was released in Canada on September 7, 2010. It contains a different version of the song "Nuit Magique", which was recorded in 2008 and was part of the first version of the album. The song is a duet with Canadian singer Coral Egan.
External links.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19893712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893712" title="1997 Paris Open">
1997 Paris Open

The 1997 Paris Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 23rd edition of the Paris Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1997 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from October 27 through November 3, 1997.
The draw was headlined by. Other top seeds were. 

</doc>
<doc id="19893724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893724" title="Giscome, British Columbia">
Giscome, British Columbia

Giscome is a community located between Willow River and Upper Fraser, at the west end of Eaglet Lake in central British Columbia.
History.
A sawmill was established in Giscome in 1916. In July 1918, a Hindu man injured at a lumber mill in Giscome was refused admittance to the hospital in Prince George. He was eventually admitted due to the efforts of a prominent doctor and the mayor.
The Eagle Lake sawmill was closed in 1975. As the company that owned the mill, Northwood, also owned the houses, and the residents were required to leave by the end of June 1975. By the end of 1976, most of Giscome's residents had abandoned the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19893746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893746" title="Quetta railway station">
Quetta railway station

Quetta Railway Station is located in middle of the Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan. Quetta is connected to Lahore by a 727 miles long railway line. Similarly, it is also connected by rail with Peshawar (986 miles) and Karachi (536 miles). It is also connected by railway with Zahedan, which is a city in neighboring Iran.
History.
Quetta was considered as an important strategic destination during British Raj. Britain always considered Russians as a threat to its rule in the Indian sub-continent that they might advance from Afghanistan into Quetta and thereby threatening its rule in India. It was the year 1857 when the idea was suggested by William Andrew (Chairman of Scinde, Punjab and Delhi Railway) that the railways to the Bolan Pass would have strategic role in responding to any threat by Russia. During the second Afghan War (1878-80) between Britain and Afghanistan, a new urgency was needed to construct a Railway line up to Quetta in order to get easier access to the frontier. On 18 September 1879, under the orders of Viceroy council, work begun on laying the railway tracks and after four months the first 215 km of line from Ruk to Sibi was completed and become operational in January 1880. Beyond Sibi the terrain was very difficult. After immense difficulties and harsh weather conditions, it was March 1887 when the railway line of over 320 km long reached Quetta. 
Train routes.
The routes are Quetta from linked with Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Peshawar, Multan, Kotri, Sukkur, Sibi, Bahawalpur, Gujrat, Gujranwala, Wazirabad, Jhelum, Khanewal, Dalbadin, Taftan, Bostan, Chaman, and Nowshera.

</doc>
<doc id="19893747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893747" title="Emilio Ambrosini">
Emilio Ambrosini

Emilio Ambrosini (1850, Trieste, Austria – December 1, 1912, Vienna, Austria) was an Italian architect.
Life.
Ambrosini finished a shipbuilding school in Trieste. After a few years spent in the Austro-Hungarian Navy, he went to Graz, Austria, where he enrolled the Higher Technical School, graduating in 1876. In 1884, he moved to Rijeka(then called "Fiume"; now Croatia) where he bought an atelier and started a construction company. The same year he projected the homeless shelter "Clotilda". Around 1895, he built a building complex in the park of the Vranyczany villa.
Although inspired by late historicism, Emilio embraced the secession at the beginning of the 20th century. Thus he made the Zmajić Palace (intersection of Splitska and Adamićeva in downtown Rijeka) and Jugo House (Studentska Street, Rijeka). His two most important Rijeka works are Rauschel House – Hotel Royal (9 Korzo/10 Adamićeva St, 1906) and Hotel Bristol (12 Krešimirova St, 1908–09), where he leaves an imprint of Otto Wagner and his Viennese style. In 1909, Ambrosini proved his urban planning abilities by projecting the apartment complex Sambalino-Plöch on Potok Street.
In the last years of his life he supported -in a mild way- the Italian irredentism.
Although Ambrosini died in Vienna during his most productive period, he was buried at the Trsat Cemetery in Sušak, an outskirt of Fiume (now Croatia).

</doc>
<doc id="19893760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893760" title="Bloodhound SSC">
Bloodhound SSC

Bloodhound SSC is a supersonic car currently in development. Its goal is to attain a world land speed record. The team aims to break the land speed record with the pencil-shaped car, powered by a jet engine and a rocket designed to reach together with a Cosworth CA2010 Formula 1 V8 petrol engine auxiliary power unit. It is being developed and built with the intention of breaking the land speed record by 33%, the largest ever margin.
Runway testing of up to is scheduled to take place early 2014. Bloodhound SSC will then be tested on the Hakskeen Pan in the Mier area of the Northern Cape, South Africa where a track long, wide has been cleared.
An extensive background video of how the project works, is developed, and shared with over 5500 schools and the public at large is detailed here.
Development.
The project was announced on 23 October 2008 at the Science Museum in London by Lord Drayson - then Minister of Science in the UK's Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills - who in 2006 first proposed the project to Richard Noble and Andy Green (the two men, between them, have held the land speed record for 29 years).
Richard Noble, engineer, adventurer, and former paint salesman, reached 633 mph (1,019 km/h) driving turbojet-powered car named Thrust2 across the Nevada desert in 1983. In 1997, he headed the project to build the ThrustSSC, driven by Andy Green, an RAF pilot, at , thereby breaking the sound barrier, a record first for a land vehicle (in compliance with Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile rules).
The task of driving the Bloodhound will fall to Wing Commander Green, who will lie feet-first in the Bloodhound SSC. As the car accelerates from in 42 seconds, he will experience a force of approximately 2.5"g" (two-and-a-half times his body weight) and blood will rush to his head.
To slow the vehicle, Green will deploy airbrakes at , and subsequently parachutes at , with disc brakes used below . As he decelerates, experiencing forces of up to 3"g", blood will drain to his feet, with a risk of driver blackout. To condition his body for these intense g-forces, he will practise in a stunt aircraft, flying upside-down over the British countryside.
Design.
The project is based in the former Maritime Heritage Centre on the Bristol harbourside, located next to Brunel's SS Great Britain.
Aerodynamics.
The College of Engineering at Swansea University has been heavily involved in the aerodynamic shape of the vehicle from the start. Professor Oubay Hassan, Professor Ken Morgan and their team have used Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) to provide an understanding of the aerodynamic characteristics of the proposed shape, at all speeds, including predicting the likely vertical, lateral and drag forces on the vehicle and its pitch and yaw stability. This technology, originally developed for the aerospace industry, was validated for a land-going vehicle during the design of ThrustSSC. It was this involvement with the previous land speed record that prompted Richard Noble to approach Swansea in April 2007 for their help with this latest challenge. Swansea University's School of the Environment and Society was also enlisted to help determine a new test site for the record as the test site for the ThrustSSC record attempt has become unsuitable.
Engines.
A prototype Eurojet EJ200 jet engine developed for the Eurofighter and bound for a museum, was donated to the project. This will take the car to , after which a bespoke hybrid rocket designed by Nammo will boost the car up to . A third engine, a 2.4 Litre Cosworth CA2010 Formula 1 V8 petrol engine, is used as an auxiliary power unit and to drive the oxidiser pump for the rocket. The jet engine will provide nine tonnes of thrust and the rocket will add another 12. The supersonic car will have roughly the same power as 180 F1 cars.
Development testing of the initial Bloodhound SSC hybrid rocket motor was conducted by Daniel Jubb of The Falcon Project with tests conducted in 2008-2013. Publicly disclosed tests were conducted in 2009 and 2012 including a run at Newquay Airport in GB. In addition Daniel Jubb designed, manufactured and test fired a full diameter 18" monopropellant HTP thruster for the subsonic ground tests for Bloodhound SSC. "The Bloodhound team had been developing its own hybrid power unit in collaboration with Manchester-based Falcon Project Ltd, and gave this rocket its first UK test firing in October 2012. And although this demonstration was deemed a success at the time, it became clear that considerable sums of money and time would be needed to perfect the design." "Nammo will have test firings next year in Raufoss and when we get the data off those we can decide on precisely what the packaging requirements will be," said Mr Chapman, Bloodhound's chief engineer
Wheels.
The four diameter wheels will rotate at up to 10,200 rpm and will be forged from solid aluminium to resist the 50,000 g centrifugal forces.
Construction.
Engineers produced the scale model which was exhibited at the launch, and will integrate the engineering behind the car into its curriculum, working with design team, led by Chief Engineer Mark Chapman. The car will be built at a site in Bristol. The site will include an educational centre. A full scale model was unveiled at the 2010 Farnborough International Airshow, when it was announced that Hampson Industries would begin to build the rear chassis section of the car in the first quarter of 2011 and that a deal for the manufacture of the front of the car was due. Chief Engineer Mark Chapman says, "We aim to shake down the vehicle on a runway in the UK at the beginning of 2013."
Education.
The Bloodhound Project is first and foremost an education project designed to inspire future generations to take up careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) by showcasing these subjects in the most exciting way possible. The education programme covers all phases (ages) of education from primary through to secondary and further education, plus Bloodhound@University. Any school, teacher, youth group or home educated family in the world can register their details on the BLOODHOUND SSC website and download the free curriculum resource materials. Education institutions in the UK or South Africa can request a visit from a member of the Bloodhound education team or STEM Ambassador who will work alongside a teacher and deliver a presentation on the project. The Bloodhound education programme is also working with other STEM interventions and initiatives to ensure the Project reaches as many schools as possible. These include F1 in Schools (Bloodhound Class), the Smallpeice Trust, Primary Engineer, Science Made Simple and Young Engineers

</doc>
<doc id="19893776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893776" title="Brick Factory">
Brick Factory

Brick Factory was the only album released by the indiepop band Crayon. It was recorded by Pat Maley at YoYo Studios in Olympia, Washington. The album was released in 1994 on Harriet Records out of Cambridge, MA.
Track listing.
1 Live With It Baby
2 Small
3 Chutes And Ladders
4 The Snap-Tight Wars
5 Crown
6 Western Flyer
7 Pedal
8 Honey Bunny
9 Hope In Every Train
10 Reason 2600
11 Snow Globe
12 Schirm Loop
13 Jenny Don't Be Sad
14 Knee-High Susan
Song information.
In 1997 the Vancouver, British Columbia based band, Gaze featuring Rose Melberg covered the song “Pedal” on their "So Sad" single.

</doc>
<doc id="19893777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893777" title="Customs (TV series)">
Customs (TV series)

Customs is a six-part Irish documentary television series that examines the role of customs officers, focusing on their daily lives and their regular encounters with the illegal drug trade and other difficult situations. It is the first time such a filming sequence has been carried out. The series was originally broadcast in editions of 30 minutes each on RTÉ One at 19:30 on Sunday evenings. The first episode aired on 14 September 2008.
The makers of the series gained unprecedented access to the daily operations of Ireland's customs officers, allowing viewers to see first hand the way the authorities deal with the increasing level of illegal materials and substances being imported. For example, the first episode featured a suspicious passenger making haste for a nearby exit, a live snake found in luggage at Dublin Port, an undercover operation that halted a cigarette smuggling scam at Dublin Airport and the customs anti-evasion unit chasing down UK registered cars in Cork. A spokesperson for the show was quoted as saying: "They find shipments of drugs in the strangest places: a doll's house; picture frames; the bottom of a massive cargo ship. Large quantities of money, cigarettes and cars are regularly seized, as well as a myriad of other illegal goods and substances." 
Episodes.
There were six episodes in the series. These were broadcast between 14 September and 19 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19893793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893793" title="Singers of United Lands">
Singers of United Lands

Singers of United Lands (S. O. U. L.) is a US charity which organises a tour for 4 selected people from different continents that develops international and cultural relationships from around the world through their native songs.
History.
In 2002, the idea of S.O.U.L was created and the headquarters for the group were incorporated in the State of Michigan. It continues to go on tours to many schools and organizations in different states.

</doc>
<doc id="19893798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893798" title="Guilford, British Columbia">
Guilford, British Columbia

Guilford is a railway point located between Penny and Dome Creek on the Fraser River in central British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19893810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893810" title="BgC3">
BgC3

bgC3 LLC is a company founded by Microsoft's co-founder, Bill Gates in 2008.
The name is an acronym for Bill Gates Catalyst 3, with the appended number pointing to a third endeavor beyond Microsoft and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
According to the company's federal trademark registration, it is a think-tank, covering:
The company has been described as a cross between a think tank, incubator and venture capital firm. bgC3 is managed by Larry Cohen, a former Microsoft executive, who serves as its managing partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19893827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893827" title="Shulani i Radomirës">
Shulani i Radomirës

Shulani i Radomirës is a mountain in Albania. It is high and the fourth highest peak of the Korab Mountain after Mount Korab which reaches a height of . It is connected to Mount Korab by a long ridge. Shulani i Radomirës gets its name from the village of Radomirë which is located in the western slopes of Mount Korab. Shulani i Radomirës is the last peak of a long ridge in Albania which contains two other peaks going over other than Mount Korab and Shulani i Radomirës.

</doc>
<doc id="19893828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893828" title="NZR V class">
NZR V class

The New Zealand V class steam locomotive was used on New Zealand's railway network from 1885 onwards. They were operated by New Zealand Government Railways and the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company.
Introduction.
The heavy increase in traffic by the early 1880s necessitated a design for a new class of passenger locomotive. The V class was conceived as an enlarged version of the 2-4-2 NZR K class of 1877. Instead of the K class's four coupled wheels, six coupled wheels were used. The order was placed with Nasmyth, Wilson and Company of Manchester. It took seven years for delivery to be made and then it was found that the engines were 5 and a half tons overweight without their tender. 
As a result, the NZGR refused to accept the locomotives until the weight was pared down to an acceptable level. However, by the time they were modified, the engines had been superseded by the American-built NZR N class of similar dimensions. 
The Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company also ordered three of those locomotives, numbers 6, 7, and 8, at a cost of about £6000 each (equivalent to about $1 million in 2011). They were fitted with an ornate Rogers-styled wooden cab with Gothic windows, and an extended smokebox crowned with a copper-capped funnel. They could be fired with "any light fuel" including wood, and were very slightly heavier than the NZR version. They had inside frames and journals on both pony trucks. When the WMR was taken over by the NZR in 1908, they were included in the V class.
The locomotives had one weakness in their frames, just behind the cylinders. This weak spot, when stressed, would break; this occurred when the Branxholme locomotives were dumped, thus rendering their frames beyond repair. The Mararoa Junction locomotives may have suffered similarly.
Withdrawal.
The first withdrawals of the V class began around 1925 and ended in the early 1930s. Most of the engines were dumped as stripped hulks comprising the boiler, frames, cylinders and wheels at the Branxholme Locomotive Dump in 1927. V 126 and V 127 were dumped as substantially more complete hulks at Mararoa Junction, also in 1927, complete with their cabs and tenders. V 132 was dismantled at the Bealey Quarry and its frames dumped there.
The three WMR engines were withdrawn the same time and their boilers removed for stationary use or sale. One engine was dumped at Braxholme, while the other two are assumed to have been scrapped. One of the boilers from these engines was unearthed by KiwiRail in 2009 during construction of the Kai Iwi tunnel bypass.
Preservation.
In 1999, enthusiast Tony Bachelor salvaged the remains of locomotives V 35, V 125, and V 136 from Braxholme. Due to the weakness in the frames, the frame of V 132 and a Nasmyth Wilson pony truck were recovered from the Bealey Quarry. It was intended that the locomotives would be restored by the Hooterville Charitable Trust at Waitara, but this later fell through and Bachelor moved the remnants to his property in Ashurst.
In 2009, the parts of the four Vs, along with a boiler found during the Kai Iwi deviation construction, were donated to the Feilding and District Steam Rail Society. The parts are stored at the F&DSR depot in the Feilding yard.

</doc>
<doc id="19893829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893829" title="Bend, British Columbia">
Bend, British Columbia

Bend is a railway point located between Penny and Dome Creek on the Fraser River in central British Columbia. A post office was established 1 May 1930 and closed on 15 October 1942.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Bend railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19893835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893835" title="Kududula Nagesh">
Kududula Nagesh

Kududula Nagesh is an Indian politician, belonging to the Telangana Rashtra Samithi. Nagesh is a Member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly, representing the Alair constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="19893852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893852" title="Eduardo Barragán">
Eduardo Barragán

Eduardo Barragán (born July 1, 1951 in Cartagena de Chairá, Bolívar) is a retired Colombian boxer, who competed for his South American nation at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. 
There he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Bantamweight (– 54 kg) division by Kenya's John Nderu. Barragan won the gold medal in the Flyweight (– 51 kg) division at the 1970 Central American and Caribbean Games in Panama City, Panama.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19893854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893854" title="Urling, British Columbia">
Urling, British Columbia

Urling is a railway point located on the Fraser River between the Torpy and Morkill rivers in central British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19893856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893856" title="Marionetki">
Marionetki

Niemen Vol. 1 and Niemen Vol. 2 (also called ""Marionetki"" - ""Puppets"") - Czesław Niemen's double album released in two separate issues in 1973. In 1994 released on single CD by Digiton under title ""Marionetki"".

</doc>
<doc id="19893857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893857" title="Vicko Andrić">
Vicko Andrić

Vicko Andrić (March 23, 1793, Trogir, Croatia – January 15, 1866, Split, Croatia) was a Croatian architect.
Early life and education.
The architect and renovator Vicko Andrić was born in Trogir on March 23, 1793. His family, father Josip and mother Antica were inhabitants of Split temporarily residing in Trogir. 10 years after his birth the family returned to Split. From 1803 to 1807 Andrić attended the Archdiocesan Seminary gymnasium in Split.
From Fall 1807 to 1810 Vicko Andrić attended the Zadar lyceum (, ). His professor of architecture and technical drawing was the famous Italian architect Basilio Mazzoni. In 1811 Andrić enrolled the Illyrium high school. At the same time he attended a law school and a technical drawing class. However, he soon gave up the law school, for, according to his words, "love toward beautiful art."
Study in Rome.
In 1812, Vicko Andrić went to study in Rome, Italy. He enrolled the Faculty of Mathematics at the Sapienza University and the Accademia San Luca. By studying mathematics he attained the diploma of an expert surveryor. On Accademia San Luca he continued his education and practice again under the supervision of Mazzoni, who came to Rome the same year as Andrić due to the closing of Zadar lyceum. At the time, the honorary president of the academy was the sculptor Antonio Canova. Under Mazzoni's surveillance Andrić attained the status of an architect in 1816.
On the basis of diplomas received, Vicko Andrić was licensed for architectural works and measurement. During his stay in Rome, he was also involved in the research and preservation of buildings dating back to Ancient Rome. Carlo Fea, an expert on the Ancient Rome and the "president of Roman antiquities," helped Andrić at the start of Andrić's career. Andrić was deeply influenced by Fea's book "Sacral and profane buildings".
Andrić's four years long stay in Rome was crucial not only for his education, but also for his commitment to classicism and fascination by the antique period, which he later used in studying and preserving the Diocletian's Palace in Split.
In Rome, Andrić projected several important concept designs: an inn (1814), a triumphal arc for the Austrian emperor Francis II (1815), a circular temple and a cathedral in the form of a Greek cross for a large city with a capitol and a seminary (both projects also in 1815) and a concept design of a casino and theater in Split (1816).
Return to Split.
After finishing his education in Rome, Vicko Andrić returned to Split in 1817. At the end of that year he was chosen to be a "temporary imperial royal district engineer." Soon after taking over this duty, he oversaw the Splitian completion of the lazaretto adaption, designing the whole Split harbor from the lazaretto up to the church of St. Francis, estimating the costs of renovating the coast and piers and building new bollards. A selection of Andrić's work in Split contains the technical snapshots of the construction complex of the former Communal and Principal Palace, of the Splitian main square and of the Gripe fortress and projects of a suburban cemetery on Sustipan and a new building of the marine Health Office.
Completed projects.
The only notable finished projects of Andrić in Split are the building of the Museum of Archeology next to the eastern wall of Diocletian's Palace (built in 1821, later demolished), cemetery and a circular pavilion on Sustipan (1823–26) and the tower of the Church of the Lady of Health (built in 1846).
Work in the Dalmatian Directorate of Public Construction.
Although he had an architect's and suveryor's diploma, he was generally given geodetic work. After being appointed an engineer in the Directorate of Public Construction in Dalmatia, from 1824 to 1828 he mainly worked reclaming wetlands in the Dalmatian hinterland, renovating and constructing roads, bridges, wells and fountains. During 1828 and 1829 he led the work on the river Krka and the Botišnici creek in Knin. According to architectural records while there he also worked on a project restoring a church and parish hall in Vrpolje. Around the year 1830 he worked on a project for the Orthodox in the episcopate of Šibenik, and also led work on the court building in Skradin and the parish office in Ervenik. 
Due to continuously living on site and the difficult working conditions, Vicko Andrić become ill. In 1833 he was appointed a regular pension by decision of the Royal Commission.
Conservation work.
Vicko Andrić was the first Croatian conservator. He was already showing a great interest in antiquities while studying in Rome. On his return to Split he became actively involved in researching and protecting Salona and Diocletian's Palace.
After the emperor Francis I's visit to Split and Salona in the spring of 1818, the emperor came to a decision about the conservation of Diocletian's Palace and the excavations in Salona. By 1820 the government had already issued a decree ordering that Vicko Andrić supervised the excavation of antiquities. Andrić became one the first to make a topographic and archeological map of Salona.
After his retirement in 1833 he devoted himself entirely to the preservation and restoration of Diocletian's Palace. 
In 1853, he was named „Conservator for counties of Zadar and Split“. Together with the artist Dujam Marcocchio he made plans for the restoration of the cathedral and recorded the remains of the palace, including the parts of ground halls in the southern part of the complex. He was carried away with the thought of completely stripping the palace of later buildings and reconstructing it according to the original plans. By this, he works on three projects from 1845. that were never brought to life:
The most interesting and ambitious project of all was the ordination from 1857 that would've been applied to the southern part of the palace, which envisions cleaning and the restoration of the original late antique facade but also an upgrade with a three-storey object that would stretch along the facade serving as a hotel. 
As the main conservator, Vicko Andrić monitored the undergoing restoration works on the Šibenik Cathedral in 1854. On the same year, he was awarded the highest decoration of Emperor's Franz Joseph knight cross. He eventually withdrew from the conservation duty in 1864 when he was 70 years old.
Vicko Andrić died in Split on January 15, 1866 and was buried in the group tomb of st. Anthony.

</doc>
<doc id="19893872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893872" title="1996 Paris Open">
1996 Paris Open

The 1996 Paris Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 22nd edition of the Paris Masters and was part of the Mercedes Super 9 of the 1996 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris in France from October 28 through November 4, 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="19893884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893884" title="Ronen Tzur">
Ronen Tzur

Ronen Tzur (, born 1969) is a former Member of Knesset.
Biography.
Tzur was born in Israel in 1969. He entered politics in 1990, joining the Labor Party. In later years he served as coordinator of the party's faction at the Knesset (under Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin), political advisor to minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer, and director of an association for discharged soldiers.
He entered the sixteenth Knesset following the resignation of Salah Tarif, serving during the last three months of its term, in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19893885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893885" title="Arthur Hiller (footballer)">
Arthur Hiller (footballer)

Arthur Hiller (3 October 1881 – 14 August 1941) was a German association football player who played club football for 1. FC Pforzheim, as well as at international level for Germany, where he became the national side's first captain. His nephew, Marius Hiller, also played football, representing both Germany and Argentina at international level.

</doc>
<doc id="19893886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19893886" title="Convention on the Continental Shelf">
Convention on the Continental Shelf

The Convention on the Continental Shelf was an international treaty created to codify the rules of international law relating to continental shelves. The treaty, after entering into force 10 June 1964, established the rights of a sovereign state over the continental shelf surrounding it, if there be any. The treaty was one of three agreed upon at the first United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS I). It has since been superseded by a new agreement reached in 1982 at UNCLOS III.
The treaty dealt with seven topics: the regime governing the superjacent waters and airspace; laying or maintenance of submarine cables or pipelines; the regime governing navigation, fishing, scientific research and the coastal state's competence in these areas; delimitation; tunneling.
Historical background.
The Convention on the Continental Shelf replaced the earlier practice of nations having sovereignty over only a very narrow strip of the sea surrounding them, with anything beyond that strip considered International Waters. This policy was used until President of the United States Harry S Truman proclaimed that the resources on the continental shelf contiguous to the United States belonged to the United States through an Executive Order on 28 September 1945. Many other nations quickly adapted similar policies, most stating that their portion of the sea extended either 12 or 200 nautical miles from its coast.
Rights of states.
Article 1 of the convention defined the term shelf in terms of exploitability rather than relying upon the geological definition. It defined a shelf "to the seabed and subsoil of the submarine areas adjacent to the coast but outside the area of the territorial sea, to a depth of 200 metres or, beyond that limit, to where the depth of the superjacent waters admits of the exploitation of the natural resources of the said areas" or "to the seabed and subsoil of similar submarine areas adjacent to the coasts of islands".
Besides outlining what is legal in continental shelf areas, it also dictated what could not be done in Article 5.
UNCLOS II and III.
In 1960, the United Nations held another conference regarding the Laws of the Sea, UNCLOS II, but no agreements were reached. However, another conference was called in 1973 to address the issues. UNCLOS III, which lasted until 1982 due to a required consensus, adjusted and redefined many principles stated in the first UNCLOS. The new definition of the Continental shelf in the new Convention rendered the 1958 Convention on the Continental Shelf obsolete. The principal reason for this was technological advancements.

</doc>
