<doc id="20065016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065016" title="List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1955">
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1955

List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20065043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065043" title="Gyakuryu">
Gyakuryu


</doc>
<doc id="20065076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065076" title="Philippe Pot">
Philippe Pot

Philippe Pot (1428–1493) was a Burgundian nobleman, military leader, and diplomat. He was the "seigneur" of La Roche and Thorey-sur-Ouche, a Knight of the Golden Fleece, and the Grand Seneschal of Burgundy. 
Born in 1428 at the Château de la Rochepot, he was the grandson of Régnier Pot, a Crusader, knight of the Golden Fleece, and the chamberlain of Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy. Philip's grandson and heir, Philip the Good, served as Philippe's godfather. Educated at the ducal court in Dijon, and knighted 11 June 1452 before the battle of Ruppelmonde against the insurgents of Ghent, Philippe, praised by contemporary chroniclers, became chief advisor of the dukes of Burgundy and was deeply involved in all their diplomacy. 
Philippe was sent by Philip the Good as an ambassador to London in 1440, where he procured the release of Charles of Orléans, a prisoner since 1415 and the cousin of Charles VII of France, for 200,000 "écus d'or". Charles in turn agreed to marry Mary of Cleves, Philip's niece. 
In 1446, Philippe obtained the hand in marriage of Catherine of Valois for the Count of Charolais, the future Duke of Burgundy, Charles the Bold. When Catherine died in 1450, Philippe obtained another French princess, Isabelle of Bourbon, for Charles. The marriage took place in 1454. In December 1456 Duke Philip recompensed Philippe with the grant of Châteauneuf-en-Auxois (which Philippe restored and fortified, giving it the appearance it retains today) and in May 1461, with the Golden Fleece at the Saint-Omer session. In 1464 he was granted the title Grand Chamberlain, and in 1466 was given the lordship of Lilloise Flanders (Lille, Douai, and Orchies). After the deaths in 1467 of both Philip the Good and Isabelle of Bourbon, Philippe Pot negotiated a third match for his new patron Charles the Bold with Margaret of York, a union which had been opposed by Philip. In 1468 the marriage sealed an alliance between England and Burgundy. To have Philippe nearby him at Brussels Charles gave him the hôtel of the comte de Nevers, 
When Charles the Bold died in 1477, Burgundy was divided between his daughter, Mary, heiress to the Burgundian Netherlands, and Louis XI of France, legitimate heir to the Duchy of Burgundy proper. Mary was suspicious of Philippe and his close connections with the French court, and she confiscated Lille. With the support of the Burgundian baronage Philippe was able to limit the holdings of Mary and her husband, Maximilian, to the Burgundian Low Countries by another Treaty of Arras. In gratitude Louis XI named him first counsellor, knight of Saint Michael, governor of the Dauphin Charles, and Grand Seneschal of Burgundy. His treatment of Philippe went a long way to restore Louis's favour with the petty nobles of Burgundy. 
Louis died in 1483, while Charles VIII was still a minor. The great nobles of the kingdom, first among them Louis of Orléans, contested the regency with the dead king's nominee, Anne de Beaujeu, Charles' elder sister. In 1484 she convened the Estates General at Tours. Philippe was the representative of the nobility and he spoke so eloquently in their favour that he was called the "mouth of Cicero" ("bouche de Cicéron"). In his most celebrated speech, on 9 February, he denied the right of the princes to govern and advanced instead the concept of a nation represented by a monarch, and suggested that the nation be governed by regency council. The deputies then voted to accept the choice of the king and declared Anne regent. The incipient nationalism in Philippe's speech, however, frightened the regent; the Estates were quickly dissolved. Philippe was allowed to keep his function of governor of Burgundy, which he held, reconfirmed by Charles VIII, until his death in 1493.

</doc>
<doc id="20065094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065094" title="Krishna Kumari (actress)">
Krishna Kumari (actress)

Krishna Kumari (born 1933) is a noted Telugu actress of the 1960s and 1970s. She was a leading actress and a contemporary of Savitri. Her costars include legends N.T.R, A.N.R, Rajkumar, Sivaji Ganesan, Kantha Rao, Jaggayya. Krishna Kumari ruled the Telugu industry but also acted in Tamil and Kannada movies briefly.
Early life.
Kumari was born in Naihati, West Bengal to Venkoji Rao and Sachi Devi. Her family hails from Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh.
Career.
Krishna Kumari started her career with movie "Navvithe Navaratnalu" in 1951. She featured as leading actress in several Tamil movies, notably Thirumbi Paar (1953), Manithan (1953), Azhagi (1953), Pudhuyugam (1954), Viduthalai (1954) and Thuli Visham (1954). Krishna Kumari then began to focus on Telugu cinema, which propelled her to superstardom. Her movies Bharya Bhartalu (1961), Vagdanam (1961), Kulagothralu (1962), Gudi Gantalu (1964) remain some of Telugu cinema's classics. In the early 60s, Krishna Kumari entered the Kannada film industry briefly, choosing to return to her preferred Telugu cinema within years. But in the short span of 5–6 years, she gave memorable performances, most of them co-starring Dr Rajkumar. In fact, her first ever award was for the Rajkumar starrer, Bhaktha Kanakadasa (1960). In Hindi, she acted in Kabhi Andhera Kabhi Ujala (1958). She was rechristened Rati but again, Hindi cinema held no attraction for Krishna Kumari. Although there were several offers in Hindi cinema, she returned to Madras. Her most successful movies have been with Akkineni Nageswara Rao, NT Rama Rao and also several mythological roles with Tadepalli Lakshmi Kantha Rao.
Personal life.
She was married to Ajay Mohan Khaitan (ex-Editor, Indian Express and Businessman) and they have a daughter, Dipika. After marriage Krishna Kumari chose to step away from the arclights. Her interest in cooking and gardening took over and she is probably more famous among her family and friends for her cooking rather than her movies. She lives in Bangalore with her daughter, son-in-law, Vikram and grandson, Pavan.

</doc>
<doc id="20065105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065105" title="Train warning system">
Train warning system

Train Warning System may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20065110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065110" title="Platón Sánchez">
Platón Sánchez

Platón Sánchez is a town "(villa)" in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Platón Sánchez.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the town reported a total population of 10,009.
The town's name honours Rafael Platón Sánchez (1831–1867), a native of the area who fought in the Battle of Puebla of 5 May 1862 and later chaired the court martial that sentenced Emperor Maximilian and his generals Miguel Miramón and Tomás Mejía to death by firing squad in Santiago de Querétaro on 19 June 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="20065114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065114" title="Train Warning System (India)">
Train Warning System (India)

The Train Warning System (India) is a device that helps prevent trains passing signals at stop. 
The system is an implementation of Level 1 ERTMS.

</doc>
<doc id="20065121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065121" title="A Delicate Balance – The Truth">
A Delicate Balance – The Truth

A Delicate Balance – The Truth is a documentary film created by Aaron Scheibner, released on 13 November 2008, outlining the effects of diet on health and the environment. Based on a large amount of research into these areas, it features interviews with doctors and other prominent figures on the public health scene, as well as world leaders such as Maneka Gandhi.
Reviews and reception.
According to the film's website, "A Delicate Balance" was nominated as the Best Unreleased Documentary by the Australian Film Critics Association. 
Positive reviews by eminent figures have been recorded on the film's website. "A Delicate Balance" has been described by actress Lynda Stoner as "...accessibly (challenging) the misguided trust people place in the medical profession and animal agriculture propaganda... a great film (that)... must be seen by the widest possible audience", by Dr. Will Tuttle as "...dramatically reveal(ing) the hidden side of our food and health care system, and reveal(ing) how each one of us can not only be dramatically healthier, but also live more sustainably and kindly in our daily lives... (and) making an important contribution to our shared awareness", and by Senator Sarah Hanson-Young as "...tak(ing) a brave, bold look at something complex that we too often simply take for granted: what's on our tables, in our lunchboxes and in our bodies. Now more than ever, we need to better understand the inherent link between the health of our environment, and the health of ourselves and our communities." 
In response to the film, former Senator Andrew Bartlett said "During my time in the Senate, I met many people concerned about the impact of our lifestyles on our health, and the lack of attention paid to this matter in public debate. This film helps redress that failing. It is well worth watching if you are interested in finding out more on the impacts our lifestyles have on our own health and the health of the planet and the other creatures we share it with."
In 2009, "A Delicate Balance" was taken on a university tour in the United States and Australia, offering free screenings to students and the community. 
Aaron Scheibner was interviewed about the film's impact on Abolitionist Online. The film has also been reviewed on EvolvingWellness.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20065163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065163" title="Seibu Toshima Line">
Seibu Toshima Line

History.
The line opened on 15 October 1927, running between Nerima Station and Toshima Station (present-day Toshimaen Station.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Seibu Toshima Line stations numbered prefixed with the letters "SI" (part of the Seibu Ikebukuro group of lines).

</doc>
<doc id="20065166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065166" title="Lady of Ibiza">
Lady of Ibiza

The Lady of Ibiza is a ceramic figure, 47 cm high, that dates from the third century BC. It is on display in the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid.
The figure was found in the necropolis of Puig des Molins on the island of Ibiza in the Mediterranean. It was made using a mold and has a cavity in the back, perhaps used for hanging it up. Probably a representation of the Carthaginian goddess Tanit, it is richly ornamented in terms of clothing and jewelry.
Most of the figures found in the Puig des Molins necropolis are representations of Greek goddesses. It is believed that there was a large colony of immigrants there from Magna Grecia, (the Greek colonies of southern Italy), over the centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20065184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065184" title="Polycotylus">
Polycotylus

Polycotylus is a genus of plesiosaur within the family Polycotylidae. The type species is "P. latippinis" and was named by American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1869. Eleven other species have been identified. The name means 'much-cupped vertebrae', referring to the shape of the vertebrae. It lived in the seas of North America, Russia and Australia toward the end of the Cretaceous. One fossil preserves an adult with a single large fetus inside of it, indicating that "Polycotylus" gave live birth, an unusual adaptation among reptiles.
Description.
Like all plesiosaurs, "Polycotylus" was a large marine reptile with a short tail, large flippers, and a broad body. It has a short neck and a long head, and was about long. It has more neck vertebrae than other polycotylids, however. "Polycotylus" is thought to be a basal polycotylid because it has more vertebrae in its neck (a feature that links it with long-necked ancestors) and its humerus has a more primitive shape. The long ischia of the pelvis are a distinguishing feature of "Polycotylus", as are thick teeth with striations on their surfaces, a narrow pterygoid bone on the palate and a low sagittal crest on top of the skull.
History.
Edward Drinker Cope named "Polycotylus" from the Niobrara Formation in Kansas in 1869. The holotype bones from which he based his description were fragmentary, representing only a small portion of the skeleton. A more complete skeleton was later found in Kansas and was described in 1906. A nearly complete skeleton was found in 1949 from the Mooreville Chalk Formation in Alabama, but was not described until 2002.
Classification.
Unlike some better-known long-necked plesiosaurs like "Plesiosaurus" and "Elasmosaurus", "Polycotylus" had a short neck. This led to it being classified as a pliosaur, a marine reptile within the superfamily Pliosauroidea, closely related to true plesiosaurs (which belong to the superfamily Plesiosauroidea). "Polycotylus" and other polycotylids superficially resemble pliosaurs like "Liopleurodon" and "Peloneustes" because they have short necks, large heads, and other proportions that differ from true plesiosaurs.
As phylogenetic analyses became common in the last few decades, the classification of "Polycotylus" and other plesiosaurs have been revised. In 1997, it and other polycotylids were reassigned as close relatives of long-necked elasmosaurids. In a 2001 study, "Polycotylus" was classified as a derived cryptocleidoid plesiosaur closely related to Jurassic plesiosaurs like "Cryptocleidus". Below is a cladogram from a 2004 study which supported a similar classification:
In 2007, "Polycotylus" was placed in a new subfamily of polycotylids called Polycotylinae. Another newly-described polycotylid called "Eopolycotylus" from Glen Canyon, Utah, was found to be the closest relative of "Polycotylus". Below is a cladogram from the 2007 study:
Reproduction.
A fossil of "P. latippinis" catalogued LACM 129639 includes an adult individual with a single fetus inside it. LACM 129639 was found in Kansas during the 1980s and was in storage at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County until it was described in 2011. The length of the fetus is around 40 percent of the length of the mother. Gestation was probably two thirds complete based on what is known of the fetal development of related nothosaurs. This fossil suggests that "Polycotylus" was viviparous, giving live birth (as opposed to laying eggs).
Vivipary, or live birth, may have been the most common form of reproduction in plesiosaurs, as they would have had difficulty laying eggs on land. Their bodies are not adapted to movement on land, and paleontologists have long hypothesized that they must have given birth in water. Other marine reptiles such as ichthyosaurs also gave live birth, but LACM 129639 was the first direct evidence of vivipary in plesiosaurs. The lives of "Polycotylus" and other plesiosaurs were K-selected, meaning that few offspring were born to each individual but those that were born were cared for as they mature. Because it gave birth to a single large offspring, the mother "Polycotylus" probably gave it some form of parental care for it to survive. F. Robin O'Keefe, one of the describers of LACM 129639, suggested that the social lives of plesiosaurs were "more similar to those of modern dolphins than other reptiles." K-selected life-history strategies are also seen in mammals and some lizards, but are unusual among reptiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20065192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065192" title="The Chosen Few (1970s Australian band)">
The Chosen Few (1970s Australian band)

The Chosen Few was an Australian punk band formed by bass player Ian Cunningham in 1978 from the remains of an earlier hard rock band known as Deathwish. The Chosen Few hailed from the Mornington Peninsula in Victoria, Australia, and played a combination of covers of US-influenced punk (MC5, Stooges) and hard driven original numbers, mostly written by Ian Cunningham and generally inspired by the notorious Lobby Loyde and the Coloured Balls. The Chosen Few recorded one six-track EP "The Jokes On Us", comprising all original numbers, in 1978. The band members were: Iain Weaver (vocals), Bruce Friday (guitar), Cal McAlpine (drums) and Ian Cunningham (bass). The band played regularly around the Melbourne and Adelaide punk scenes, but folded in May 1979. There was a short lived reunion in 1998 with a slightly different line up, with Jeff Hussey on guitar, Bill Blanche on bass, Ian Cunningham on vocals and Cal McAlpine on drums. The original singer, Iain Weaver, died in 1995. Two LPs were subsequently released: "Do the Manic" (Existential Vacuum Records, USA) and "Really Gonna Punch You Out"(Hate Records, Italy). There was also a compilation CD "A Root and a Beer" released by Au Go Go Records in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20065195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065195" title="USS Luckenbach">
USS Luckenbach

USS "Luckenbach" may refer to various United States Navy ships:

</doc>
<doc id="20065233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065233" title="Lester D. Mallory">
Lester D. Mallory

Lester DeWitt Mallory (April 21, 1904–June 21, 1994) was an American diplomat.
Mallory was born in Houlton, Maine. He received a bachelor of science in agriculture in 1927 and a master of science in agriculture degree in 1929 from the University of British Columbia. Mallory earned a Ph.D. in agricultural economics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1935.
The son of Enrique and May Mallory, Mallory spent his early years in Oregon, Alberta, and British Columbia, and attended Naramota and Oak Bay High Schools in British Columbia from 1919 to 1922. From 1927 to 1928 Mallory was an assistant in horticulture at the University of British Columbia, and in 1929 worked as secretary of the British Columbia Fruit Growers.
Mallory began working for the United States federal government in 1931, initially for the Department of Agriculture as assistant agricultural commissioner in Marseille, to which position he was appointed June 15, 1931. Mallory was selected for this position on the basis of his expertise in analysis of horticultural products. 
From July 1933 to August 1934 Mallory was assigned to Washington as an associate agricultural economist in the Agricultural Adjustment Administration of USDA, working on farm credit issues. In August 1934 he was assigned to Paris as assistant agricultural attaché. Effective June 2, 1938, he was designated acting agricultural attaché, and as of June 1, 1939, he was appointed agricultural attaché at Paris. 
Mallory was evacuated to the United States with the outbreak of World War II in September 1939 and reassigned as the first U.S. agricultural attaché in Mexico City. At that time he was commissioned a Foreign Service Officer in the Department of State, as the Foreign Agricultural Service was abolished and agricultural attachés were transferred from USDA to State in that year. 
Mallory subsequently served in liberated Paris, from Christmas Eve 1944 until mid-1945. During his tour of duty in Paris, Mallory was granted permission by the Department of State to marry a foreign national, Eleanor Mercedes Struck y Bulnes, whom he had met in Mexico City. He then returned to the U.S., where he was liaison officer between USDA's Office of Foreign Agricultural Relations and the U.S. Department of State. Mallory was assigned to Havana as counselor of embassy (deputy chief of mission) in 1947 and in 1949 to Buenos Aires in the same capacity. On August 23, 1950, President Truman appointed Mallory to the personal rank of Minister.
Mallory served as Ambassador to Jordan from 1953 to 1958 and to Guatemala in 1958 and 1959. During his tour of duty in Jordan, on July 20, 1955, Mallory was promoted to the then-highest Foreign Service rank, Career Minister. Mallory was a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs in 1960 and retired from the State Department on October 31 of that year. As Deputy Assistant Secretary, he wrote an internal memo on April 6, 1960 to initiate the United States embargo against Cuba. Mallory proposed denying money and supplies to Cuba, decreasing their wages, and bringing about hunger and desperation. Later that year, the Eisenhower administration instituted the embargo. Mallory then joined the Inter-American Development Bank, working in Washington, D.C., Costa Rica, and Panama, and helped establish the anthropology department at the University of Guadalajara, Mexico. In 1961 the Guatemalan government presented him with the Order of the Quetzal.
He lived in Lake Forest, California and died following a heart attack at Saddleback Hospital in Laguna Hills, California. The conference room of the Foreign Agricultural Service's office in the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City is named in his honor. His oral history interview was published by the Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20065250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065250" title="Tina Bride">
Tina Bride

Tina Bride is a Flemish dance singer. Her birth name is Kim Poelmans. She was born in Sint-Truiden, on 23 December 1977.
Bride trained and studied classical singing and jazz dance since she was ten. She was later discovered as a singer by X-Session-producer Marc Cortens in 2000. This led to the production of her first single "Get To You" later that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20065270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065270" title="Draper Island (Michigan)">
Draper Island (Michigan)

Draper Island is located just inside the Michigan border, in Watersmeet Township, Gogebic County, Michigan, United States. The island is one of two inhabited islands in Lac Vieux Desert, the other being Duck Island, Wisconsin. Sometimes shown on older maps as Koch Island or Oak Island and locally as Rose Island the current name was designated official by the Board on Geographic Names Decisions of the U.S. Geological Survey in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20065271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065271" title="Duck Island (Vilas County, Wisconsin)">
Duck Island (Vilas County, Wisconsin)

Duck Island is a small island located just inside the Wisconsin border, in the town of Phelps, Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States. The island is one of two inhabited islands in Lac Vieux Desert, the other being Draper Island, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20065306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065306" title="Duck Island">
Duck Island

Locations.
Duck Island can refer to any of a number of places, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20065327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065327" title="Noel Purcell (actor)">
Noel Purcell (actor)

Patrick Joseph Noel Purcell (23 December 1900 – 3 March 1985) was an Irish film and television actor.
Family background.
Noel Purcell was the son of auctioneer Pierce Purcell and his second wife Catherine, née Hoban, of 4 Ashbrook Terrace, South Circular Road, Dublin. He was born on 23 December 1900 and baptised six days later at Harrington Street Church. Within a few months, the Purcell family had moved to 12 Mercer St. Lower. In 1911, the Purcells were living at the same address, but the household was headed by Noel's maternal grandmother, Julia Hoban, a furniture dealer.
Career.
Purcell began his show business career at the age of 12 in Dublin's Gaiety Theatre. Later, he toured Ireland in a vaudeville act with Jimmy O'Dea.
Stage-trained in the classics in Dublin, Purcell moved into films in 1934. He appeared in "Captain Boycott" (1947) and as the elderly sailor whose death marooned the lovers-to-be in the first sound film version of "The Blue Lagoon" (1949). Purcell played a member of Captain Ahab's crew in "Moby Dick" (1956), Dan O'Flaherty in episode one, The Majesty of the Law, of "The Rising Of The Moon" (1957), a gameskeeper in "The List of Adrian Messenger" (1963), and a barman in The Mackintosh Man (1973), these two films directed by John Huston.
In 1955, he was an off-and-on regular on the British filmed TV series "The Buccaneers" (released to American TV in 1956), and Purcell narrated a Hibernian documentary, "Seven Wonders of Ireland" (1959). In 1962, he portrayed the lusty William McCoy in Lewis Milestone's "Mutiny on the Bounty". He played a taciturn Irish in-law to Lebanese American entertainer Danny Thomas' character Danny Williams in a 1963 episode of "The Danny Thomas Show". In 1971, he played the caring rabbi in the children's musical drama "Flight of the Doves".
He was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1958 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre.
Purcell also gained some recognition as a singer. Shortly after World War II, songwriter Leo Maguire composed "The Dublin Saunter" for him. He performed the song live for many years and later recorded it for the Glenside label. However, the recording was not a hit. As Purcell recalled many years later, "I don't think one person in the world bought it." In 1981, he recorded a spoken word version of Pete St. John's "Dublin in the Rare Old Times".
In June 1984, Purcell was given the Freedom of the City of Dublin. Nine months later, he died in his native city at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20065381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065381" title="Vin Denson">
Vin Denson

Vin Denson (born Chester, England, 24 November 1935) is a former professional racing cyclist who rode the Tour de France, won a stage of the Giro d'Italia and won the Tour of Luxembourg in the 1960s. He was a team-mate of Rik van Looy and of Jacques Anquetil and, in the Tour de France, of Tom Simpson. He was the first British rider to win a stage of the Giro, before finishing 40th overall.
Origins.
Denson had his first bike at 12, a black Hercules Falcon borrowed from his brother and with wooden blocks fitted to the pedals to make it smaller. He began riding to Helsby Hill, Rhyl and Prestatyn and went youth-hostelling. At 17 he joined Chester Road Club, initially for touring but then to race. He was inspired by his French teacher at school, who had lived in France, whose hero was Jean Robic and who gave his class "Miroir du Cyclisme" to study. Denson's first race was an evening 25-mile time-trial, which he finished in 1h 4m 30s. He said:
Denson finished four times in the top 12 of the British Best All-Rounder competition, which aggregates rides over 50 and 100 miles and 12 hours. He came seventh in the Milk Race in 1959 and fifth in 1960. He finished the Peace Race of 1960 and 1961 in 17th and 27th. The Peace Race, which linked Berlin, Warsaw and Prague was run over roads often still wrecked from the Second World War. It was always keenly contested by riders from the communist bloc. Denson said:
Semi-professional career.
Denson failed to make the British team for the Olympic Games and took out a licence as an independent, or semi-professional, for Temple Cycles in 1961. He and three other riders, Ken Laidlaw, Stan Brittain and Sean Ryan, moved to Donzenac, near Brive.
Denson rode for Britain in the 1961 Tour de France, which was for national teams. Only three of the team - Laidlaw, Brian Robinson and Seamus Elliott got to the finish. Denson dropped out on the col de la République, also known as the col du Grand Bois, outside St-Étienne.
Denson returned to York, where he and his wife, Vi, were buying a house. In March 1962 they decided to return to France, travelling to Paris and then to Troyes, where Denson joined the UVC Aube club, sponsored by Frimatic. He was paid £24 a month.
He won the GP Frimatic by four minutes and then the eight-day Vuelta Bidasoa, in Spain. He won a stage of a professional race, the Circuit d'Aquitaine in France and came sixth in the Grand Prix des Nations despite being led off course and twice losing his chain.
Of his Circuit of Aquitaine ride, he said:
Professional career.
Denson's club recommended him to Maurice de Muer, manager of the Pelforth-Sauvage Lejeune professional team. De Muer promised him a contract if he won a stage of the Circuit d'Aquitaine and rode well in the Grand Prix des Nations. Denson signed with Pelforth in October 1963, when he was 27, riding in the yellow, white and blue of the French brewery and its cosponsor, a bicycle factory. He was the second Englishman in the team, with Alan Ramsbottom.
He came 10th in Milan – San Remo and in Paris–Nice but didn't make Pelforth's Tour team. Denson was already unhappy with Pelforth, where the policy was to pay riders' salaries at the end and not during the season. He was already reduced to eating carrots found in fields while training. Not riding the Tour was a further financial blow.
He left Troyes in 1964, hoping for a place with Tom Simpson in the Peugeot team. When the place didn't become free, he moved to Ghent, in Belgium. There, if he couldn't ride for Simpson he could at least train with him. In races, however, they would be rivals; Denson was to ride for Rik van Looy in the Solo team, sponsored by a margarine company. He was the only foreigner in the team and never did master the Dutch that the rest of team spoke.
The team won six stages of that year's Tour de France.
That autumn, at the world championship at Sallanches, France, Jacques Anquetil and his directeur-sportif, Raphaël Géminiani, said they had been watching Denson and wanted him for a team they were creating, sponsored by Ford-France. Denson stayed with Anquetil when the sponsor changed to Bic, opened a bar in Ghent, and had what he called the happiest years of his racing life.
Simpson's death.
Denson rode for Britain in the 1967 Tour de France. During it, his friend Tom Simpson died close to the summit of Mont Ventoux. He said of the hours at the hotel waiting for news of his leader:
Next day the French rider, Jean Stablinski, said the remaining riders wanted Denson, as Simpson's closest friend, to ride ahead of the race and win for Simpson. The victory went instead to Barry Hoban, who said he found himself at the front but remembers nothing else. Denson is still upset.
Denson lost heart, began missing contracts. He recovered by the end of the year and talked to the Italian team, Molteni, about joining. Instead he signed for Kelvinator to ride the Giro d'Italia. A year later (1968) he returned to Britain and rode for the domestic professional team, Bantel.
Giro d'Italia.
Denson won a stage of the Giro d'Italia, stage 9 in 1966 before finishing 40th overall. He said:
Denson said Italian fans often made a pretence of helping push foreign riders up hills while pulling at their brakes to slow them down.
He said his time-trialling experience helped him chase riders like Motta.
Private life and retirement.
In 1969 Denson opened a wood-treatment business near Harlow, Essex, before dropping out of professional racing. He now races as an amateur.
Denson was known in continental Europe as Vic, a name he acquired because Vin - short for Vincent - is French for "wine".

</doc>
<doc id="20065425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065425" title="United States Ambassador to Jordan">
United States Ambassador to Jordan

The following is a chief of mission from the United States to Jordan. 
The first chief of mission, Gerald A. Drew held the title of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary. The second chief of mission, Joseph C. Green, was appointed as an envoy but promoted to as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, as the Legation Amman was raised to embassy status on August 27, 1952. Every chief of mission since has held the title of United States Ambassador. 

</doc>
<doc id="20065432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065432" title="Sergio Almaguer">
Sergio Almaguer

Sergio Almaguer Treviño (born May 16, 1969) is a Mexican coach and former striker. Almaguer made his professional debut with former Mexican club Ángeles de Puebla on May 16, 1987. Almaguer played with nine different clubs in Mexico and Turkey and also capped for the Mexico national football team.
Career.
Almaguer started his career with former club Ángeles de Puebla, where he played 27 games and scored three goals. After one season with Angeles he transferred to Puebla, spending three seasons with the team. After the 1989–90 season Almaguer transferred to Querétaro FC, he appeared in 35 games and scored 11 goals. Between 1991 and 1996 Almaguer played with Tigres, he also played for Correcaminos UAT for the 1994–95 season. For the Invierno 1996 season turned to a defender after playing as a striker for the first nine years of his career. In his first season playing at defense, Almaguer played with Puebla, he played in 35 games and scored just two goals.
After playing with Puebla, Almaguer was transferred to Necaxa for the Invierno 1997 season. His tenure with Necaxa was successful, he was champion in the Invierno 1998 season and won the 1999 CONCACAF Champions' Cup. After four years playing with Necaxa he signed with Cruz Azul where he spent two years appearing in 37 games. He was loaned to Galatasaray of the Turkey Süper Lig for one year, he only appeared in four league matches, three UEFA Champions League matches and scored no goals. After half a season in Turkey he returned to Mexico, he signed with Chiapas. On June 28, 2005, Almaguer announced his retirement ending his 18 year career.
Coaching career.
On February 20, 2008 Almaguer was named coach of his former team, Jaguares de Chiapas. Almaguer made his debut three days later against Tecos UAG, Jaguares won 2–0. He led the team to six victories, two draws and three losses to end the season. In the first round of the postseason, Jaguares defeated Cruz Azul 1–0 in the first leg. In the second leg Cruz Azul won 2–1 and won on aggregate 2–2 because Cruz Azul was a higher seed. After losing five of the first 10 games of the Apertura season Jaguares fired Almaguer.
Mexico U-18.
On July 26, 2010, Almaguer coached his first Mexico's U-18 game against Ireland's U-18, resulting in a 1-1 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="20065437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065437" title="Pueblo Viejo (municipality)">
Pueblo Viejo (municipality)

Pueblo Viejo is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. 
It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. 
The municipal seat is the city of Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Veracruz.
Geography.
The municipality covers a total area of 286.24 km² and is located on Federal Highway 123. 
It borders with the state of Tamaulipas and the municipality of Pánuco to the north and west, with the Gulf of Mexico to the east, and with Tampico Alto to the south.
Demographics.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 52,593 (up from 48,054 in 1995), 
of whom 8,950 lived in the municipal seat. 
Of the municipality's inhabitants, 553 (1.2%) spoke an indigenous language, primarily Nahuatl; 0.32% of the total population spoke no Spanish.
Settlements.
The municipal seat of Pueblo Viejo is not its largest centre of population.
Of the municipality's 73 settlements, the largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="20065460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065460" title="Jane Chapple-Hyam">
Jane Chapple-Hyam

Jane Fiona Chapple-Hyam is a horse racing trainer.
Daughter of former Australian Liberal politician Andrew Peacock and Lady Susan Renouf. Married, then separated from trainer Peter Chapple-Hyam.
Career as a Trainer.
Took out a license in September, 2005.
Her first win was with horse Chief Commander, at Wolverhampton on January 13, 2006.
Her biggest success to date was when Mudawin won the Ebor Handicap at odds of 100-1 later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20065500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065500" title="Poor Robin">
Poor Robin

Poor Robin was an English 17th and 18th-century satirical almanac series, appearing as "Poor Robin's Almanack" from 1663. Other similar writings by the pseudonymous Poor Robin were published later, in American and into the 19th century.
Origins.
The earliest volume published under the pseudonym of 'Poor Robin' was an almanac calculated from the meridian of Saffron Walden, which is said to have been originally issued in 1661 or 1662. It was taken over by the Stationers' Company, and was continued annually by various hands, till 1776. The identity of its original author has been disputed, but is assigned as William Winstanley by Sidney Lee, in the "Dictionary of National Biography", who dismisses the claim that Robert Herrick wrote it. He notes the discovery in the parish registers of Saffron Walden for 14 March 1646-7 relating to Robert Winstanley (a nephew of William and a younger brother of Henry Winstanley) but argues that Robert would still have been a boy when the first almanacs were written; a listing for Robert's publications was given by H. Eckroyd Smith. On internal grounds, namely the verse style of William Winstanley in his known works, Lee argues for the latter, and mentions a 1667 portrait of William Winstanley with caption 'Poor Robin,' with verses by Francis Kirkman, in a volume called "Poor Robin's Jests, or the Compleat Jester'. 
In the "Dictionary of National Biography" article on Robert Pory by Joseph Hirst Lupton, it is said that Pory, at the time of the first edition in 1663 archdeacon of Middlesex, had his name taken in vain with the claim that he had licensed the almanac.
Another volume in verse by 'Poor Robin,' in which the tone of John Taylor the water-poet is closely followed, was called "Poor Robin's Perambulation from Saffron Walden to London performed this Month of July 1678" (London, 1678,); the doggerel poem deals largely with the alehouses on the road, and Lee assigns it to William Winstanley.
Content.
"Poor Robin" established a tradition of parody, reporting the trivial and inconsequential juxtaposed with the serious, in parallel chronologies—set in rhymed couplets—of the "Loyal" and the "Fanatic", which began in 1663 and became Old Poor Robin with the 1777 issue. "Poor Robin" offered deadpan prognostications of the obvious, and substituted parodic saints' days under the "Fanatic" rubric. From the turn of the 18th century, the satire becomes blunted and wise homilies of prudence take their place. It observes the continued use of cucking stools in 1746.
Further works.
Other works purporting to be by 'Poor Robin' and attributed to Winstanley or his imitators are: 
Editors.
In the 18th century editors included Thomas Peat.

</doc>
<doc id="20065513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065513" title="St Nicholas Church, Newport">
St Nicholas Church, Newport

St Nicholas's Church is an Anglican church in the market town of Newport, Shropshire, lying within the Diocese of Lichfield. It is dedicated to St Nicholas, the patron saint of fishermen and of Early English and Perpendicular architecture. The church sits on an island in the centre of the town and is the main focal point for miles around. The buttressed tower dates from 1309, but the site had been used since the 13th century in the times of Henry I.
Thomas Draper bought the church from the Abbot of Shrewsbury in 1442 but it was not until 1700 that it gained its land and the rectory was endowed. The church has been restored twice, the south side in 1883 and the north side from 1890. The west porch was built in 1904, a gift from Lady Boughey.
In the south side of the exterior, in a niche, is a figure statue of a knight, reputed to be Henry I. The red sandstone Norman parish church of St Nicholas, the patron saint of fishermen, was founded during the time of Henry I and is affiliated to a church in Edgmond. Restoration work to the church was undertaken in the 1890s to restore it to its current condition.

</doc>
<doc id="20065514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065514" title="Joan's on Third">
Joan's on Third

Joan's on Third is a specialty food marketplace and restaurant located on Third Street in Los Angeles, California. Joan's is situated in an area popular with Angelenos for its eating and shopping establishments, located between the Beverly Center on La Cienega Boulevard and Farmer's Market at the Grove on Fairfax Avenue.
A family business owned and operated by chef Joan McNamara and her children, Joan's started out as a catering operation running out of a storefront on Third St. As demand grew, McNamara expanded her business to include a small café and marketplace. The store tripled its size after a decade of operation, and the restaurant now includes a full menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The shop in the same space sells artisan cheeses, prepared foods, baked goods, desserts and non-perishables.
Its popularity and success has grown on the strength of its products and good reviews in multiple publications and media outlets. It also has a reputation as a hip gathering spot frequented by Hollywood celebrities and foodies, such as Robert Duvall, Jake Gyllenhaal and Moon Zappa.
When the lines get too long and customers are waiting, Joan has been known to rush out with a tray of cupcakes for everyone.
History.
Joan McNamara, namesake of Joan's, is a chef originally from New York, where she ran a cooking school and her own restaurant before moving to L.A. She opened Joan's in 1995 as a catering company located in a storefront on West Third St. Joan's two daughters, Carol, a graduate of the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, and Susie, an alumna of the Georgetown University School of Business, also help run the business. San Francisco chef Chester Hastings came to work at the store in 1997 and eventually married Susie McNamara.
In 1998 Joan's expanded into an adjacent storefront on Third Street, helping to realize Ms. MacNamara's "lifelong dream of opening a gourmet foods marketplace and café." Another major expansion took place in 2007 that helped expand the scope of the company's operations by tripling the floor space of the market. Beside being a market, Joan's is also a full-service restaurant providing table service and take-out meals for it patrons. Often very busy, Joan's has been described as being reminiscent of some famous New York restaurants, including Zabar's, Dean & DeLuca, and Fairway Market.
Joan's has a full-service cheese counter stocked with artisan cheeses; a dessert bar with baked goods, an assortment of chocolates and dessert bars; and a prepared food counter where sandwiches are offered along with other ready-to-eat foods, salads and snacks. An assortment of dry goods and refrigerated products are also offered, and Joan's sells gift baskets. The owners travel extensively to source products.
Reviews.
The restaurant has generally been given favorable reviews in several publications and news outlets, including the "New York Times", CNN and "Time" magazine. A "Los Angeles Times" review noted that Joan's is the ""rare in LA specialty foods store"" that ""stocks essentials -- salt-cured anchovies sold by the ounce, capers under salt, ricotta cheese, fleur de sel (a specialty sea salt from France), and imported De Cecco brand pasta"" and ""a small selection of carefully chosen cheeses, such as locally made burrata, English Cotswold, or a truffle-infused Boschetto.""
Criticism.
While the "Los Angeles Times" reviewer stated that the food was ""above average"", she also noted that ""It [the restaurant] is somewhat disorganized. When there's a rush (i.e., more than a handful of customers), the servers behind the counter can sometimes get flustered, and it seems to take longer than it should to put together an order."" The Zagat Survey lists Joan's as a Top Bakery in the US and the customer reviews posted on the website are mostly positive, with one poster calling Joan's offerings ""fun and delicious, albeit expensive, snacks, cheeses, etc.""; however a couple of other commentators stated it is "overrated" and "overpriced".
Other customer criticisms center around customer service, the order taking system, food quality, price and value.
The "Los Angeles Daily News" Food Editor on LA.com noted the crowded conditions in Joan's and warned that "At busy times, it can be difficult to snag a table - and the frenetic pace and wait to order at the counter may not appeal to some. Parking is sometimes difficult to come by." 
The Metromix website also explained "The seating is limited, and even if you do score a table, you'll spend a lot of the meal being bumped by take-out patrons." 
Celebrities.
The company has been noted as being popular among several celebrities and gourmands who live in the southlands of California. Writing for "The New York Times", Moon Zappa described Joan's on Third as her favorite Los Angeles eatery. The restaurant is also a favorite of Jake Gyllenhaal, who has been seen dining there with ex-girlfriend Kirsten Dunst.

</doc>
<doc id="20065524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065524" title="Chinese Cuisine Training Institute">
Chinese Cuisine Training Institute

Chinese Cuisine Training Institute (CCTI) is a cooking school at Pok Fu Lam, Hong Kong. It is established and run by the Vocational Training Council of Hong Kong. It provides both full-time and part-time courses to beginners and practicing chefs in the industry who wish to obtain or upgrade their qualifications in Chinese cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="20065531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065531" title="Index dubai">
Index dubai

The first INDEX International Design Exhibition exhibition took place at the Dubai World Trade Centre venue in 1990. That first international event occupied all space in the then 2 halls at the centre, and featured 200 exhibitors from around 12 countries. The retail design sister event “ArabShop” - now known as “InRetail” – was introduced in 1993. During the past 23 years, the exhibition has grown to continue occupying all available space at the halls. 
With its proven record of delivering the principal business platform for the design and interiors industry, spanning 23 years, INDEX International Design Exhibition opened its doors from 20-23 May 2013 and was officially inaugurated by H.H. Sheikh Hamdan bi Rashid Al Maktoum Deputy Ruler of Dubai and UAE Minister of Finance. Over 20,900 visitors attended INDEX 2013, spanning from 105 different countries, making INDEX the largest interiors design even in the mena region.
INDEX 2013 saw 616 exhibitors, 19 international pavilions from across 41 countries boosting the latest in interior design and furniture.
INDEX now in its 24th, covers halls 1 - 8 of the Dubai World Trade Centre, running alongside workspace at INDEX a commercial, healthcare & educational design exhibition also run by dmg events. INDEX is split into 10 different product sectors, furnishings, furniture, ICONIC, lighting, INRETAIL, kitchen and bathroom, objets, outdoor living, surfaces & finished and textiles. 
Professional visitors include the specifiers such as architects, contractors and interior designers, trade and professional buyers from all sectors of industry: hotel, residential, retail, office and government. INDEX also represents an opportunity for overseas companies to make contact with potential agents and distributors around the region, since most local and regional retailers and distributors visit the event to source new suppliers.
External links.
Index 1990 was held in September 1990 and not May 1990 as mentioned in the article above. the exhibition occupied hall 3 at Dubai world trade center and the organizers then was channels exhibitions llc.
the organizer 1990

</doc>
<doc id="20065537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065537" title="Ranidel de Ocampo">
Ranidel de Ocampo

Ranidel Rozal de Ocampo (born December 8, 1981) is a professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association. de Ocampo currently plays for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters after he was traded by Air21 Express. He is the younger brother of Yancy de Ocampo. Both played together with FedEx and Talk 'N Text. He is also a two-time RP Team member.
Career.
Ranidel de Ocampo possesses defensive skills and a deft touch from the perimeter. He has good footwork and is also a very good low post threat with his array of moves.
After a so-so performance in his first year, de Ocampo created an impact in the 2005 and 2006 seasons by improving his rookie numbers 5.8 points per game to 13.3 in his sophomore year in 37 of 51 games played. He also registered 6.7 rebounds and 2.4 assists in that year.
In 2008, Ranidel was again included in the RP Training Pool, his second stint, assembled by the PBA under Coach Yeng Guiao.
In the middle of the 2008-09 PBA Philippine Cup, he was traded to the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters for veteran Don Allado. His all-around play helped them beat the Alaska Aces 4-3.
Statistics.
"Correct as of November 29, 2012"
Career Achievements.
1-time Finals MVP 2013 Philippine Cup 
3-time RP Team member<br>
2004-2005 PBA All-Rookie Team<br>
2000 PBL Chairman’s New Top Comer<br>
2002 PBL Mythical Team<br>
2002 PBL Mythical Team<br>
Member of eight-time NCRAA champions Saint Francis of Assisi College System<br>
NCAA four-time MVP.
2012 All Filipino Cup Finals MVP

</doc>
<doc id="20065544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065544" title="Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Veracruz">
Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Veracruz

Ciudad Cuauhtémoc is a city in the Huasteca Alta region of the Mexican state of Veracruz. 
It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Pueblo Viejo.
The name honours Cuauhtémoc (c. 1502–1525), last tlatoani of the Aztecs.
Demographics.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, Ciudad Cuauhtémoc reported a total population of 8,950.
History.
The settlement was founded in the early years of the Conquest, in the early 16th century, by Fray Andrés de Olmos. It was given city status in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20065545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065545" title="Lady of Galera">
Lady of Galera

Lady of Galera is an alabaster female figurine, made in the 7th century BC, that probably represents the Near Eastern goddess Astarte. It is at the National Archaeological Museum of Spain, in Madrid.
The figurine was found in Galera, a Spanish town once called Tutugi, in Granada province. Nearby, in Cerro del Real, is the Iberian Necropolis of Tutugi, an important archeological site with various kinds of tombs. The commonest type of tomb there consists of a rectangular chamber covered by a circular mound, which is reached via a long corridor. In these tombs have been found Greek and Iberian vases, ornaments, weapons, furniture and figures of clay and alabaster, dating between the third and sixth centuries BC.
The Lady of Galera is most likely of Phoenician manufacture. She sits between two sphinxes and holds a bowl for liquid that poured from two holes in her breasts. Her hair and costume show Egyptian influences, but the sturdy form also resembles Mesopotamian statues. She may have lasted through several generations as a sacred object before being buried as funeral goods.

</doc>
<doc id="20065561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065561" title="Mary Devens">
Mary Devens

Mary Devens (1857-1920) was an American photographer who was considered one of the ten most prominent pictorial photographers of the early 20th century. She was listed as a founding member of Alfred Stieglitz’s famed Photo-Secession.
Life.
Devens was born on 17 May 1857 in Ware, Massachusetts, the daughter of Arthur Lithgow Devens and Agnes Howard White Devens. She grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts and developed an interest in photography sometime in early life. She had a strong interest in printing techniques that could be manipulated by the photographer, including ozotype, gum bichromate and platinum printing. She mastered the gum bichomate process so well that she gave a lecture on it to the Cambridge Photographic Club in 1896.
At some point before her mid-30s, Devens met Boston photographer F. Holland Day, who influenced her career through encouragement and advocacy of her work. He personally submitted five of her prints to the London Photographic Salon of 1898 and was responsible for introducing her to photographer Alfred Stieglitz, with whom she would regularly correspond for many years. Day also promoted her work in his famous lecture "Photography as Fine Art" at the Harvard Camera Club in 1900 and included several of her prints in his 1901 exhibition “The New School of American Photography.”
Devens traveled to Europe in 1900-1901, and there she met Edward Steichen and Robert Demachy. Demachy was so impressed with her work that he added several of her photographs to the important Paris exhibition of women photographers organized by Frances Benjamin Johnston.
In 1902 Devens was elected to Britain’s Linked Ring, and Stieglitz listed her as a founding member of the Photo-Secession. That same year Stieglitz also listed her as one of the ten most prominent American pictorial photographers in an article in "Century Magazine". He also published one of her photographs in his famous journal Camera Work.
About this same time Devens’ eyesight began to fail rapidly due to an unknown cause. After 1904 she showed only a few prints in exhibitions, although Stieglitz included her work in the inaugural exhibition at his Little Galleries of the Photo-Secession in 1905. She is not known to have engaged in any photographic activity after 1905.
Devens died on 13 March 1920 in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20065564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065564" title="Billie Lee Turner">
Billie Lee Turner

Billie Lee Turner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20065577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065577" title="Armadillo (C++ library)">
Armadillo (C++ library)

Armadillo is a linear algebra software library for C++. It aims to provide an efficient and streamlined base calculations, while at the same time having a straightforward and easy to use interface. Its intended target users are scientists and engineers.
It supports integer, floating point (single and double precision), complex numbers, and a subset of trigonometric and statistics functions. Various matrix decompositions are provided through optional integration with Linear Algebra PACKage (LAPACK) and Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra Software (ATLAS) libraries. High performance LAPACK replacement libraries such as Math Kernel Library (MKL) and AMD Core Math Library (ACML) can also be used.
The library employs a delayed evaluation approach (during compile time) to combine several operations into one and reduce (or eliminate) the need for temporaries. Where applicable, the order of operations is optimised. Delayed evaluation and optimisation are achieved through template metaprogramming.
Due to its approach, Armadillo is related to the Boost Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms (uBLAS) library, but has a more accessible syntax. Further, as Armadillo has an efficient wrapper of ATLAS and LAPACK functions, it provides machine-dependent optimisations and functions not present in uBLAS.
It is open source software distributed under the Mozilla Public License, making it useful for developing both open source and proprietary software. The project is supported by the NICTA research centre in Australia and is hosted by SourceForge.
Example.
Here is a trivial example demonstrating Armadillo functionality:

</doc>
<doc id="20065587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065587" title="Canarie (dance)">
Canarie (dance)

The canarie is a fast dance from the Renaissance and Baroque eras. It was in 3/8 or 6/8 meter. The dance was named for the Canary Islands, the dance's place of origin. Also called frogs legs, it was an energetic dance that featured jumps, stamping of the feet and violent movement, accompanied by music with syncopated rhythms. 
" This music-related article is a . You can help Wikipedia by [/w/index.php?stub&title=&action=edit expanding it]."

</doc>
<doc id="20065598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065598" title="Mohammad Reza Pahlavi">
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi

Mohammad Rezā Shāh Pahlavī (Persian: محمدرضا شاه پهلوی, ; 26 October 1919 – 27 July 1980) was the ruler of Iran (Shah of Iran) from 16 September 1941 until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on 11 February 1979. He took the title Shāhanshāh ("Emperor" or "King of Kings") on 26 October 1967. He was the second and last monarch of the House of Pahlavi of the Iranian monarchy. Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi held several other titles, including that of Aryamehr (Light of the Aryans) and Bozorg Arteshtārān (Head of the Warriors, Persian: بزرگ ارتشتاران).
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi came to power during World War II after an Anglo-Soviet invasion forced the abdication of his father Reza Shah. During Mohammad Reza's reign, the Iranian oil industry was briefly nationalized under the democratically elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh before a US-backed coup d'état deposed Mosaddegh and brought back foreign oil firms, and Iran marked the anniversary of 2,500 years of continuous monarchy since the founding of the Persian Empire by Cyrus the Great. As ruler, he introduced the White Revolution, a series of economic, social and political reforms with the proclaimed intention of transforming Iran into a global power and modernizing the nation by nationalizing certain industries and granting women suffrage.
A secular Muslim himself, Mohammad Reza gradually lost support from the Shi'a clergy of Iran as well as the working class, particularly due to his strong policy of modernization, secularization, conflict with the traditional class of merchants known as bazaari, recognition of Israel, and corruption issues surrounding himself, his family, and the ruling elite. Various additional controversial policies were enacted, including the banning of the communist Tudeh Party, and a general suppression of political dissent by Iran's intelligence agency, SAVAK. According to official statistics, Iran had as many as 2,200 political prisoners in 1978, a number which multiplied rapidly as a result of the revolution.
Several other factors contributed to strong opposition to the Shah among certain groups within Iran, the most notable of which were U.S. and UK support for his regime, clashes with Islamists and increased communist activity. By 1979, political unrest had transformed into a revolution which, on 17 January, forced him to leave Iran. Soon thereafter, the Iranian monarchy was formally abolished, and Iran was declared an Islamic republic led by Ayatollah Khomeini. Facing likely execution should he return to Iran, he died in exile in Egypt, whose President, Anwar Sadat, had granted him asylum. Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi is often called "the last Shah of Iran" as well as "the Shah of Iran" or simply "the Shah."
Early life.
Born in Tehran to Reza Pahlavi and his second wife, Tadj ol-Molouk, Mohammad Reza was the eldest son of the first Shah of the Pahlavi dynasty, and the third of his eleven children. He was born with a twin sister, Ashraf Pahlavi. However, Shams, Mohammad Reza, Ashraf, Ali Reza, and their older half-sister, Fatemeh, were born as non-royals, as their father did not become Shah until 1925. Nevertheless, Reza Shah was always convinced that his sudden quirk of good fortune had commenced in 1919 with the birth of his son who was dubbed "khoshghadam" (bird of good omen).
By the time Mohammad Reza turned 11, his father deferred to the recommendation of Abdolhossein Teymourtash to dispatch his son to Institut Le Rosey, a Swiss boarding school for further studies. He would be the first Iranian prince in line for the throne to be sent abroad to attain a foreign education and remained there for the next four years before returning to obtain his high school diploma in Iran in 1936. After returning to the country, the Crown Prince was registered at the local military academy in Tehran where he remained enrolled until 1938.
Early reign.
Deposition of his father.
In the midst of World War II in 1941, Nazi Germany began Operation Barbarossa and invaded the Soviet Union, breaking the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. This had a major impact on Iran, which had declared neutrality in the conflict.
Later that year British and Soviet forces occupied Iran in a military invasion, forcing Reza Shah to abdicate. Mohammad Reza replaced him on the throne on 16 September 1941. Subsequent to his succession as king, Iran became a major conduit for British and, later, American aid to the USSR during the war. This massive supply effort became known as the Persian Corridor.
Much of the credit for orchestrating a smooth transition of power from the King to the Crown Prince was due to the efforts of Mohammad Ali Foroughi. Suffering from angina, a frail Foroughi was summoned to the Palace and appointed Prime Minister when Reza Shah feared the end of the Pahlavi dynasty once the Allies invaded Iran in 1941. When Reza Shah sought his assistance to ensure that the Allies would not put an end to the Pahlavi dynasty, Foroughi put aside his adverse personal sentiments for having been politically sidelined since 1935. The Crown Prince confided in amazement to the British Minister that Foroughi "hardly expected any son of Reza Shah to be a civilized human being", but Foroughi successfully derailed thoughts by the Allies to undertake a more drastic change in the political infrastructure of Iran.
A general amnesty was issued two days after Mohammad Reza Shah's accession to the throne on 19 September 1941. All political personalities who had suffered disgrace during his father's reign were rehabilitated, and the forced unveiling policy inaugurated by his father in 1935 was overturned. Despite the young king's enlightened decisions, the British Minister in Tehran reported to London that "the young Shah received a fairly spontaneous welcome on his first public experience, possibly rather to relief at the disappearance of his father than to public affection for himself."
Despite his public professions of admiration in later years, Mohammad Reza had serious misgivings about not only the coarse and roughshod political means adopted by his father, but also his unsophisticated approach to the affairs of the state. The young Shah possessed a decidedly more refined temperament, and among the unsavory developments that "would haunt him when he was king" were the political disgrace brought by his father on Teymourtash; the dismissal of Foroughi by the mid-1930s; and Ali Akbar Davar's decision to commit suicide in 1937. An even more significant decision that cast a long shadow was the disastrous and one-sided agreement his father had negotiated with APOC in 1933, one which compromised the country's ability to receive more favorable returns from oil extracted from the country.
Oil nationalization and the 1953 coup.
By the early 1950s, the political crisis brewing in Iran commanded the attention of British and American policy leaders. In 1951, Mohammad Mosaddegh was appointed Prime Minister and committed to nationalizing the Iranian petroleum industry controlled by the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. Under the leadership of Mosaddegh's democratically elected nationalist movement, the Iranian parliament unanimously voted to nationalize the oil industry – thus shutting out the immensely profitable Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (AIOC), which was a pillar of Britain's economy and provided it political clout in the region.
At the start of the confrontation, American political sympathy was forthcoming from the Truman Administration. In particular, Mosaddegh was buoyed by the advice and counsel he was receiving from American Ambassador in Tehran,
Henry F. Grady. However, eventually American decision-makers lost their patience, and by the time a Republican Administration came to office fears that communists were poised to overthrow the government became an all consuming concern (these concerns were later dismissed as "paranoid" in retrospective commentary on the coup from US government officials). Shortly prior to the 1952 presidential election in the US, the British government invited CIA agent Kermit Roosevelt, Jr. to London to propose collaboration on a secret plan to force Mosaddegh from office. This would be the first of three "regime change" operations led by Allen Dulles (the other two being the successful CIA-instigated 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état and the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba).
Under the direction of Kermit Roosevelt, Jr., a senior Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer and grandson of former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt, the American CIA and British Secret Intelligence Service (SIS) funded and led a covert operation to depose Mosaddegh with the help of military forces disloyal to the democratically elected government. Referred to as Operation Ajax, the plot hinged on orders signed by Mohammad Reza to dismiss Mosaddegh as prime minister and replace him with General Fazlollah Zahedi – a choice agreed on by the British and Americans.
Despite the high-level coordination and planning, the coup initially failed, causing the Shah to flee to Baghdad, and then to Rome. After a brief exile in Italy, he returned to Iran, this time through a successful second attempt at a coup. A deposed Mosaddegh was arrested and tried. The king intervened and commuted the sentence to one and a half years. Zahedi was installed to succeed Mosaddegh.
Before the first attempted coup, the American Embassy in Tehran reported that Mosaddegh's popular support remained robust. The Prime Minister requested direct control of the army from the Majlis. Given the situation, alongside the strong personal support of Conservative leader Anthony Eden and Prime Minister Winston Churchill for covert action, the American government gave the go-ahead to a committee, attended by the Secretary of State John Foster Dulles, Director of Central Intelligence Allen Dulles, Kermit Roosevelt, Henderson, and Secretary of Defense Charles Erwin Wilson. Kermit Roosevelt returned to Iran on 13 July 1953, and again on 1 August 1953, in his first meeting with the king. A car picked him up at midnight and drove him to the palace. He lay down on the seat and covered himself with a blanket as guards waved his driver through the gates. The Shah got into the car and Roosevelt explained the mission. The CIA bribed him with $1 million in Iranian currency, which Roosevelt had stored in a large safe – a bulky cache, given the exchange rate at the time of 1,000 rial to 15 dollars.
The Communists staged massive demonstrations to hijack Mosaddegh's initiatives. The United States actively plotted against him. On 16 August 1953, the right wing of the Army attacked. Armed with an order by the Shah, it appointed General Fazlollah Zahedi as prime minister. A coalition of mobs and retired officers close to the Palace executed this coup d'état. They failed dismally and the Shah fled the country in humiliating haste. Even "Ettelaat", the nation's largest daily newspaper, and its pro-Shah publisher, Abbas Masudi, were against him.
During the following two days, the Communists turned against Mosaddegh. Opposition against him grew tremendously. They roamed Tehran, raising red flags and pulling down statues of Reza Shah. This was rejected by conservative clerics like Kashani and National Front leaders like Hossein Makki, who sided with the king. On 18 August 1953, Mosaddegh defended the government against this new attack. Tudeh partisans were clubbed and dispersed.
The Tudeh party had no choice but to accept defeat. In the meantime, according to the CIA plot, Zahedi appealed to the military, and claimed to be the legitimate prime minister and charged Mosaddegh with staging a coup by ignoring the Shah's decree. Zahedi's son Ardeshir acted as the contact between the CIA and his father. On 19 August 1953, pro-Shah partisans – bribed with $100,000 in CIA funds – finally appeared and marched out of south Tehran into the city center, where others joined in. Gangs with clubs, knives, and rocks controlled the streets, overturning Tudeh trucks and beating up anti-Shah activists. As Roosevelt was congratulating Zahedi in the basement of his hiding place, the new Prime Minister's mobs burst in and carried him upstairs on their shoulders. That evening, Henderson suggested to Ardashir that Mosaddegh not be harmed. Roosevelt gave Zahedi US$900,000 left from Operation Ajax funds.
U.S. actions further solidified sentiments that the West was a meddlesome influence in Iranian politics. In the year 2000, reflecting on this notion, U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright stated:
"In 1953 the United States played a significant role in orchestrating the overthrow of Iran's popular Prime Minister, Mohammad Mosaddegh. The Eisenhower Administration believed its actions were justified for strategic reasons; but the coup was clearly a setback for Iran's political development. And it is easy to see now why many Iranians continue to resent this intervention by America in their internal affairs."
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi returned to power, but never extended the elite status of the court to the technocrats and intellectuals who emerged from Iranian and Western universities. Indeed, his system irritated the new classes, for they were barred from partaking in real power.
Assassination attempts.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the target of at least two unsuccessful assassination attempts. On 4 February 1949, he attended an annual ceremony to commemorate the founding of Tehran University. At the ceremony, Fakhr-Arai fired five shots at him at a range of ten feet. Only one of the shots hit the king, grazing his cheek. Fakhr-Arai was instantly shot by nearby officers. After an investigation, it was thought that Fakhr-Arai was a member of the Tudeh Party, which was subsequently banned. However, there is evidence that the would-be assassin was not a Tudeh member but a religious fundamentalist member of Fada'iyan-e Islam. The Tudeh was nonetheless blamed and persecuted.
The second attempt on king's life occurred on 10 April 1965. A soldier shot his way through the Marble Palace. The assassin was killed before he reached the royal quarters. Two civilian guards died protecting the Shah.
According to Vladimir Kuzichkin – a former KGB officer who defected to the SIS – the Shah was also allegedly targeted by the Soviet Union, who tried to use a TV remote control to detonate a bomb-laden Volkswagen Beetle. The TV remote failed to function. A high-ranking Romanian defector Ion Mihai Pacepa also supported this claim, asserting that he had been the target of various assassination attempts by Soviet agents for many years.
Middle years.
Imperial Coronation.
On 26 October 1967, twenty-six years into his reign as Shah ("King"), he took the ancient title Shāhanshāh ("Emperor" or "King of Kings") in a lavish coronation ceremony held in Tehran. He said that he chose to wait until this moment to assume the title because in his own opinion he "did not deserve it" up until then; he is also recorded as saying that there was "no honor in being Emperor of a poor country" (which he viewed Iran as being until that time).
Imperial Symbols.
The Pahlavi imperial family employed rich heraldry to symbolize their reign and ancient Persian (Iranian) heritage. The imperial crown image was included in every official state document and symbol - from the badges of the armed forces to paper money and coinage. The crown image was naturally the centerpiece of the imperial standard of the Shah (Shāhanshāh).
The personal standards - for the Shāhanshāh, for his wife the Shahbānū (Shahbanu) and for the eldest son who was his designated successor (Crown Prince) - had a field of pale blue (the traditional colour of the Iranian Imperial Family) at the center of which was placed the heraldic motif of the individual. The Imperial Iranian national flag was placed in the top left quadrant of each standard. The appropriate Imperial standard was flown beside the national flag when the individual was present.
Foreign relations.
Mohammad Reza Shah supported the Yemeni royalists against republican forces in the Yemen Civil War (1962–70) and assisted the sultan of Oman in putting down a rebellion in Dhofar (1971).
Concerning the fate of Bahrain (which Britain had controlled since the 19th century, but which Iran claimed as its own territory) and three small Persian Gulf islands, the Shah negotiated an agreement with the British, which, by means of a public consensus, ultimately led to the independence of Bahrain (against the wishes of Iranian nationalists). In return, Iran took full control of Greater and Lesser Tunbs and Abu Musa in the Strait of Hormuz, three strategically sensitive islands which were claimed by the United Arab Emirates.
During this period, the Shah maintained cordial relations with the Persian Gulf states and established close diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia.
Relations with Iraq, however, were often difficult due to political instability in the latter country. Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was distrustful of both the Socialist government of Abd al-Karim Qasim and the Arab nationalist Baath party. In April 1969, he abrogated the 1937 Iranian-Iraqi treaty over control of the Shatt al-Arab, and as such, Iran ceased paying tolls to Iraq when its ships used the Shatt al-Arab. He justified his move by arguing that almost all river borders all over the world ran along the "thalweg" (deep channel mark), and by claiming that because most of the ships that used the Shatt al-Arab were Iranian, the 1937 treaty was unfair to Iran. Iraq threatened war over the Iranian move, but when on 24 April 1969 an Iranian tanker escorted by Iranian warships sailed down the Shatt al-Arab, Iraq being the militarily weaker state did nothing. The Iranian abrogation of the 1937 treaty marked the beginning of a period of acute Iraqi-Iranian tension that was to last until the Algiers Accords of 1975. He financed Kurdish separatist rebels, and to cover his tracks, armed them with Soviet weapons which Israel had seized from Soviet-backed Arab regimes, and then handed over to Iran at the Shah's behest. The initial operation was a disaster, but the Shah continued attempts to support the rebels and weaken Iraq. Then in 1975, the countries signed the Algiers Accord, which granted Iraq equal navigation rights in the Shatt al-Arab river, while Mohammad Reza Pahlavi agreed to end his support for Iraqi Kurdish rebels. The Shah also maintained close relations with King Hussein of Jordan, Anwar Sadat of Egypt, and King Hassan II of Morocco.
The Shah's diplomatic foundation was his reliance on a U.S. guarantee of protection. This enabled the Shah to stand up to larger enemies. While the arrangement did not preclude other partnerships and treaties, it helped to provide a somewhat stable environment in which Pahlavi could implement his reforms. Another factor guiding Pahlavi in his foreign policy was his wish for financial stability which required strong diplomatic ties. A third factor in his foreign policy was his wish to present Iran as a prosperous and powerful nation; this fueled his domestic policy of Westernization and reform. A final component was his promise that communism could be halted at Iran's border if his monarchy was preserved. By 1977, the country's treasury, Pahlavi's autocracy, and his strategic alliances seemed to form a protective layer around Iran.
In July 1964, the Shah, Turkish President Cemal Gürsel and Pakistani President Ayub Khan announced in Istanbul the establishment of the Regional Cooperation for Development (RCD) organization to promote joint transportation and economic projects. It also envisioned Afghanistan's joining some time in the future.
The Shah of Iran was the first regional leader to recognize the State of Israel as a de facto state, although when interviewed on CBS 60 Minutes by reporter Mike Wallace, he criticized American Jews for their presumed control over US media and finance.
Modernization and evolution of government.
With Iran's great oil wealth, the Shah became the pre-eminent leader of the Middle East, and self-styled "Guardian" of the Persian Gulf. In 1961, he defended his style of rule, saying "when Iranians learn to behave like Swedes, I will behave like the King of Sweden."
During the last years of his government, the Shah's government became more centralized. In the words of a US Embassy dispatch, "The Shah's picture is everywhere. The beginning of all film showings in public theaters presents the Shah in various regal poses accompanied by the strains of the National anthem ... The monarch also actively extends his influence to all phases of social affairs ... there is hardly any activity or vocation which the Shah or members of his family or his closest friends do not have a direct or at least a symbolic involvement. In the past, he had claimed to take a two party-system seriously and declared "If I were a dictator rather than a constitutional monarch, then I might be tempted to sponsor a single dominant party such as Hitler organized".
By 1975, he abolished the multi-party system of government in favor of a one-party state under the Rastakhiz ("Resurrection") Party. Mohammad Reza Shah's own words on its justification was; "We must straighten out Iranians' ranks. To do so, we divide them into two categories: those who believe in Monarchy, the constitution and the Six Bahman Revolution and those who don't ... A person who does not enter the new political party and does not believe in the three cardinal principles will have only two choices. He is either an individual who belongs to an illegal organization, or is related to the outlawed Tudeh Party, or in other words a traitor. Such an individual belongs to an Iranian prison, or if he desires he can leave the country tomorrow, without even paying exit fees; he can go anywhere he likes, because he is not Iranian, he has no nation, and his activities are illegal and punishable according to the law." In addition, the Shah had decreed that all Iranian citizens and the few remaining political parties become part of Rastakhiz.
Achievements.
In his "White Revolution" starting in the 1960s, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi made major changes to modernize Iran. He curbed the power of certain ancient elite factions by expropriating large and medium-sized estates for the benefit of more than four million small farmers. He took a number of other major measures, including extending suffrage to women and the participation of workers in factories through shares and other measures. In the 1970s the governmental program of a free of charge nourishment for children at school ("Taghzieh e Rāigān") was implemented. Under the Shah's reign, the national Iranian income showed an unprecedented rise for an extended period.
Improvement of the educational system was made through new elementary schools and additionally literacy courses were set up in remote villages by the Imperial Iranian Armed Forces, this initiative being called "Sepāh e Dānesh", "Army of Knowledge". The Armed Forces were also engaged in infrastructural and other educational projects throughout the country ("Sepāh-e Tarvij va Âbādāni") as well as in health education and promotion ("Sepāh-e Behdāsht"). The Shah instituted exams for Islamic theologians to become established clerics. Many Iranian university students were sent to and supported in foreign, especially Western countries and the Indian subcontinent.
In the field of diplomacy, Iran realized and maintained friendly relations with Western and East European countries as well as the state of Israel and China and became, especially through the close friendship with the United States, more and more a hegemonial power in the Persian Gulf region and the Middle East. The suppression of the communist guerilla movement in the region of Dhofar in Oman with the help of the Iranian army after a formal request by Sultan Qaboos was widely regarded in this context.
As to infrastructural and technological progress, the Shah continued and developed further the policies introduced by his father. As part of his programs, projects in several technologies, such as steel, telecommunications, petrochemical facilities, power plants, dams and the automobile industry may be named. The Aryamehr University of Technology was established as a major new academic institution.
In terms of cultural activities, international cooperations were encouraged and organized, such as the Shiraz Arts Festival. As part of his various financial support programs in the fields of culture and arts, the Shah, along with King Hussein of Jordan donated an amount to the Chinese Muslim Association for the construction of the Taipei Grand Mosque.
Criticism of reign and causes of his overthrow.
At the Federation of American Scientists, John Pike writes:
In 1978 the deepening opposition to the Shah erupted in widespread demonstrations and rioting. Recognizing that even this level of violence had failed to crush the rebellion, the Shah abdicated the Peacock Throne and fled Iran on 16 January 1979. Despite decades of pervasive surveillance by SAVAK, working closely with CIA, the extent of public opposition to the Shah, and his sudden departure, came as a considerable surprise to the US intelligence community and national leadership. As late as 28 September 1978 the US Defense Intelligence Agency reported that the Shah "is expected to remain actively in power over the next ten years."
Explanations for why Mohammad Reza was overthrown include that he was a dictator put in place by a non-Muslim Western power, the United States, whose foreign culture was seen as influencing that of Iran. Additional contributing factors included reports of oppression, brutality, corruption, and extravagance. Basic functional failures of the regime have also been blamed – economic bottlenecks, shortages and inflation; the regime's over-ambitious economic program; the failure of its security forces to deal with protest and demonstration; the overly centralized royal power structure.
International policies pursued by the Shah in order to increase national income by remarkable increases of the price of oil through his leading role in the Organization of Oil Producing Countries OPEC have been stressed as a major cause for a shift of Western interests and priorities and for an actual reduction of their support for him reflected in a critical position of Western politicians and media, especially of the administration of US President Jimmy Carter, regarding the question of human rights in Iran, and in strengthened economic ties between the United States of America and Saudi Arabia in the 1970s.
In October 1971, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi celebrated the twenty-five-hundredth anniversary of the Iranian monarchy. "The New York Times" reported that $100 million was spent. Next to the ancient ruins of Persepolis, the Shah gave orders to build a tent city covering , studded with three huge royal tents and fifty-nine lesser ones arranged in a star-shaped design. French chefs from Maxim's of Paris prepared breast of peacock for royalty and dignitaries around the world, the buildings were decorated by Maison Jansen (the same firm that helped Jacqueline Kennedy redecorate the White House), the guests ate off Limoges porcelain china and drank from Baccarat crystal glasses. This became a major scandal as the contrast between the dazzling elegance of celebration and the misery of the nearby villages was so dramatic that no one could ignore it. Months before the festivities, university students went on strike in protest. Indeed, the cost was so sufficiently impressive that the Shah forbade his associates to discuss the actual figures. However he and his supporters argue that the celebrations opened new investments in Iran, improved relationships with the other leaders and nations of the world, and provided greater recognition of Iran.
Other actions that are thought to have contributed to his downfall include antagonizing formerly apolitical Iranians — especially merchants of the bazaars — with the creation in 1975 of a single party political monopoly (the "Rastakhiz" Party), with compulsory membership and dues, and general aggressive interference in the political, economic, and religious concerns of people's lives; and the 1976 change from an Islamic calendar to an Imperial calendar, marking the conquest of Babylon by Cyrus as the first day, instead of the migration of the Prophet Muhammad from Mecca to Medina. This supposed date was designed that the year 2500 would fall on 1941, the year when his own reign started. Overnight, the year changed from 1355 to 2535. During the extravagant festivities to celebrate the 2500th anniversary, the Shah was quoted as saying at Cyrus's tomb: "Sleep easily, Cyrus, for we are awake."
It has been argued that the White Revolution was "shoddily planned and haphazardly carried out", upsetting the wealthy while not going far enough to provide for the poor or offer greater political freedom.
Some achievements of the Shah — such as broadened education — had unintended consequences. While school attendance rose (by 1966 the school attendance of urban seven- to fourteen-year-olds was estimated at 75.8%), Iran's labor market could not absorb a high number of educated youth. In 1966, high school graduates had "a higher rate of unemployment than did the illiterate," and educated unemployed often supported the revolution.
Black Friday.
The Shah-centered command structure of the Iranian military, and the lack of training to confront civil unrest, was a recipe for disaster and bloodshed. There were several instances where army units had opened fire, the most notorious one being the events of 8 September 1978. On this day, which later became known as 'Black Friday', thousands had gathered in Tehran's Jaleh Square for a religious demonstration. With people refusing to recognize martial law, the soldiers opened fire, killing and seriously injuring a large number of people. Black Friday played a crucial role in further radicalizing the protest movement. This massacre seriously reduced the chances for reconciliation to the level that Black Friday is referred to as "point of no return" for the revolution.
Revolution.
The overthrow of the Shah came as a surprise to almost all observers. The first militant anti-Shah demonstrations of a few hundred started in October 1977, after the death of Khomeini's son Mostafa. A year later strikes were paralyzing the country, and in early December a "total of 6 to 9 million" — more than 10% of the country – marched against the Shah throughout Iran. On 2 October 1978, the Shah declared and granted an amnesty to dissidents living abroad, including Ayatollah Khomenei.
On 16 January 1979, he made a contract with Farboud and left Iran at the behest of Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar (a long time opposition leader himself), who sought to calm the situation. Spontaneous attacks by members of the public on statues of the Pahlavis followed, and "within hours, almost every sign of the Pahlavi dynasty" was destroyed. Bakhtiar dissolved SAVAK, freed all political prisoners, and allowed Ayatollah Khomeini to return to Iran after years in exile. He asked Khomeini to create a Vatican-like state in Qom, promised free elections, and called upon the opposition to help preserve the constitution, proposing a "national unity" government including Khomeini's followers. Khomeini rejected Bakhtiar's demands and appointed his own interim government, with Mehdi Bazargan as prime minister, stating that "I will appoint a state. I will act against this government. With the nation's support, I will appoint a state." In February, pro-Khomeini revolutionary guerrilla and rebel soldiers gained the upper hand in street fighting, and the military announced its neutrality. On the evening of 11 February, the dissolution of the monarchy was complete.
Exile and death.
During his second exile, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi traveled from country to country seeking what he hoped would be temporary residence. First he flew to Assuan, Egypt, where he received a warm and gracious welcome from President Anwar El-Sadat. He later lived in Morocco as a guest of King Hassan II, as well as in the Bahamas, and in Cuernavaca in Mexico near Mexico City, as a guest of José López Portillo. Richard Nixon, the former president, visited the Shah in summer 1979 in Mexico. The Shah suffered from gallstones that would require prompt surgery. He was offered treatment in Switzerland, but insisted on treatment in the United States.
On 22 October 1979, President Jimmy Carter reluctantly allowed the Shah into the United States to undergo surgical treatment at the New York–Weill Cornell Medical Hospital. While in Cornell Medical Center, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi used the name "David D. Newsom" as his temporary code name, without Newsom's knowledge.
The Shah was taken later by U.S. Air Force jet to Kelly Air Force Base in Texas and from there to Wilford Hall Medical Center at Lackland Air Force Base. It was anticipated that his stay in the U.S. would be short; however, surgical complications ensued, which required six weeks of confinement in the hospital before he recovered. His prolonged stay in the U.S. was extremely unpopular with the revolutionary movement in Iran, which still resented the United States' overthrow of Prime Minister Mosaddegh and the years of support for the Shah's rule. The Iranian government demanded his return to Iran, but he stayed in the hospital.
There are claims that this resulted in the storming of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and the kidnapping of American diplomats, military personnel, and intelligence officers, which soon became known as the Iran hostage crisis. According to the Shah's book "Answer to History", in the end, the USA never provided him any kind of health care and asked him to leave the country.
He left the United States on 15 December 1979 and lived for a short time in the Isla Contadora in Panama. This caused riots by Panamanians who overwhelmingly objected to the Shah being in their country. Panamanians viewed it as their country being used as a stooge of the United States. The new government in Iran still demanded his and his wife's immediate extradition to Tehran. A short time after Mohammad Reza Pahlavi's arrival in Panama, an Iranian ambassador was dispatched to the Central American nation carrying a 450-page extradition request. That official appeal greatly alarmed both the Shah and his advisors. Whether the Panamanian government would have complied is a matter of speculation among historians.
After that event, the Shah again sought the support of Egyptian president Anwar El-Sadat, who renewed his offer of permanent asylum in Egypt to the ailing monarch. He returned to Egypt in March 1980, where he received urgent medical treatment, including a splenectomy performed by Dr. Michael DeBakey, but nevertheless died from complications of Waldenström's macroglobulinemia (a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma) on 27 July 1980, aged 60. Egyptian President Sadat gave the Shah a state funeral.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is buried in the Al Rifa'i Mosque in Cairo, a mosque of great symbolic importance. The last royal rulers of two monarchies are buried there, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi of Iran and King Farouk of Egypt, his former brother-in-law. The tombs lie to the left of the entrance. Years earlier, his father and predecessor, Reza Shah had also initially been buried at the Al Rifa'i Mosque.
Legacy.
In 1969, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi sent one of 73 Apollo 11 Goodwill Messages to NASA for the historic first lunar landing. The message still rests on the lunar surface today. He stated in part, "... we pray the Almighty God to guide mankind towards ever increasing success in the establishment of culture, knowledge and human civilization." The Apollo 11 crew visited Mohammad Reza Shah during a world tour.
Shortly after his overthrow, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi wrote an autobiographical memoir "Réponse à l'histoire" ("Answer to History"). It was translated from the original French into English, Persian ("Pasokh be Tarikh"), and other languages. However, by the time of its publication, the Shah had already died. The book is his personal account of his reign and accomplishments, as well as his perspective on issues related to the Iranian Revolution and Western foreign policy toward Iran. He places some of the blame for the wrongdoings of SAVAK, and the failures of various democratic and social reforms (particularly through the White Revolution), upon Amir Abbas Hoveyda and his administration.
Recently, the Shah's reputation has experienced something of a revival in Iran, with some people looking back on his era as a time when Iran was more prosperous and the government less oppressive. Journalist Afshin Molavi reported that some members of the uneducated poor – traditionally core supporters of the revolution that overthrew the Shah – were making remarks such as, "God bless the Shah's soul, the economy was better then", and found that "books about the former Shah (even censored ones) sell briskly," while "books of the Rightly Guided Path sit idle."
The Shah's writings.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi published several books in the course of his kingship and two later works after his downfall.
Among others, these are:
Women's rights.
Under Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi's father, the government supported advancements by women against child marriage, polygamy, exclusion from public society, and education segregation. However, independent feminist political groups were shut down and forcibly integrated into one state-created institution, which maintained many paternalistic views. Despite substantial opposition from Shiite religious jurists, the Iranian feminist movement, led by activists such as Fatemah Sayyeh, achieved further advancement under Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. His regime's changes focused on the civil sphere, and private-oriented family law remained restrictive, although the 1967 and 1975 Family Protection Laws attempted to reform this trend. Specifically, women gained the right to become ministers such as Farrokhroo Parsa and judges such as Shirin Ebadi, as well as any other profession regardless of their gender.
Marriages and children.
Pahlavi married three times:
Fawzia of Egypt.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk suggested to Reza Shah during the latter's visit to Turkey that a marriage between the Iranian and Egyptian courts would be beneficial for the two countries and their dynasties. In line with this suggestion, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and Princess Fawzia married. Dilawar Princess Fawzia of Egypt (5 November 1921 – 2 July 2013), a daughter of King Fuad I of Egypt and Nazli Sabri, was a sister of King Farouk I of Egypt. They married on 15 March 1939 in the Abdeen Palace in Cairo. Reza Shah did not participate in the ceremony. They were divorced in 1945 (Egyptian divorce) and in 1948 (Iranian divorce). Together they had one child, a daughter:
Soraya Esfandiary-Bakhtiari.
His second wife was Soraya Esfandiary-Bakhtiari (22 June 1932 – 26 October 2001), a half German half Iranian woman and the only daughter of Khalil Esfandiary, Iranian Ambassador to West Germany, and his wife, the former Eva Karl. They married on 12 February 1951, when Soraya was 18 according the official announcement, however it rumored that she was actually 16 at the time, the Shah being 32. As a child she was tutored and brought up by Frau Mantel, and hence lacked proper knowledge of Iran as she herself admits in her personal memoirs stating "I was a dunce - I knew next to nothing of the geography, the legends of my country, nothing of its history, nothing of Muslim religion". The Shah and Soraya's controversial marriage ended in 1958 when it became apparent that even through help from medical doctors she could not bear children. Soraya later told "The New York Times" that the Shah had no choice but to divorce her, and that he was heavy hearted about the decision.
However even after the marriage it is reported that the Shah still had great love for Soraya and it is reported that they met several times after their divorce and that she lived her post-divorce life comfortably as a wealthy lady even though she never remarried; being paid a monthly salary of about 7,000 dollars monthly from Iran. Following her death in 2001 at the age of 69 in Paris, an auction of the possessions included a 3 million dollar Paris estate, a 22.37 carat diamond ring and a 1958 Rolls-Royce.
He subsequently indicated his interest in marrying Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy, a daughter of the deposed Italian king, Umberto II. Pope John XXIII reportedly vetoed the suggestion. In an editorial about the rumors surrounding the marriage of "a Muslim sovereign and a Catholic princess", the Vatican newspaper, "L'Osservatore Romano", considered the match "a grave danger," especially considering that under the 1917 Code of Canon Law a Roman Catholic who married a divorced person would be automatically, and could be formally, excommunicated.
Farah Diba.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi married his third and final wife, Farah Diba (born 14 October 1938), the only child of Sohrab Diba, Captain in the Imperial Iranian Army (son of an Iranian Ambassador to the Romanov Court in Moscow, Russia), and his wife, the former Farideh Ghotbi. They were married in 1959, and Queen Farah was crowned Shahbanu, or Empress, a title created especially for her in 1967. Previous royal consorts had been known as "Malakeh" (Arabic: Malika), or Queen. The couple remained together for twenty years, until the Shah's death. Farah Diba bore him four children:
Wealth.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi inherited the wealth built by his father Reza Shah who preceded him as king of Iran and became known as the richest person in Iran during his reign, with his wealth estimated to be higher than 600 million rials and including vast amounts of land and numerous large estates specially in the province of Mazandaran obtained usually at a fraction of its real price. Reza Pahlavi facing criticism for his wealth decided to pass on all of his land and wealth to his eldest son Mohammad Reza in exchange for a sugar cube, known in Iran as "habbe kardan". However shortly after obtaining the wealth Mohammad Reza was ordered by his father and then king to transfer a million tooman or 500,000 dollars to each of his siblings. By 1958 it was estimated that the companies possessed by Mohammad Reza Pahlavi had a value of 157 million dollars (1958 USD) with an estimated additional 100 million saved outside Iran. The rumors and constant talk of his, and his family's corruption greatly damaged his reputation and lead to the creation of the Pahlavi Foundation in the same year and the return of some 2,000 villages inherited by his father back to the people often at very low and discount prices, however it can be argued that this was too little too late as the royal family's wealth and corruption can be seen as one of the factors behind the Iranian revolution in 1979. Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi's wealth was even considerable during his time in exile. While staying in the Bahamas he offered to purchase the island that he was staying on for 425 million dollars (1979 USD), however his offer was rejected by the Bahamas claiming that the island was worth far more. On 17 October 1979 again in exile and perhaps knowing the gravity of his illness he split up his wealth between his family members, giving 20% to Farah, 20% to his eldest son Reza, 15% to Farahnaz, 15% to Leila, 20% to his younger son, in addition to giving 8% to Shahnaz and 2% to his granddaughter Mahnaz Zahedi.
On 14 January 1979, an article titled "Little pain expected in exile for Shah" by The Spokesman Review newspaper found that the Pahlavi dynasty had amassed one of the largest private fortunes in the world; estimated at well over $1 billion at the time. A list submitted to the ministry of justice in protest to the royal families penetration of every corner of nations economy detailed that the Pahlavi dynasty dominated the economy of Iran at the time. The list showed that the Pahlavi dynasty had interests in, amongst other things, 17 banks and insurance companies, including an 90 percent ownership in the nations third-largest insurance company, 25 metal enterprises, 8 mining companies, 10 building materials companies, including 25 percent of the largest cement company, 45 construction companies, 43 food companies, and 26 enterprises in trade or commerce, including a share of ownership in almost every major hotel in Iran. According to another source, the Pahlavi's owned 70 percent of the hotel capacity in the country at the time. Much of the Pahlavi dynasty fortune was required to be transferred to the "Pahlavi Foundation", a charitable organization and the families trust. The organization refuses to give any value of its assets or an annual income but a published book in Iran by Robert Graham, a British journalist, calculates that on the basis of its known holdings, the foundation assets total over $2.8 billion at the time.
In Iran alone the Pahlavi foundation owned four leading hotels—the Hilton, the Vanak, the Evin and the Darband. The foundation gained international attention for purchasing the DePinna building on Fifth avenue, New York, at the time in 1975 valued at $14.5 million. Such investment in a foreign market by the Pahlavi foundation gained media attention because in order to do such foreign investment the foundation had to register as an American charitable foundation with the declared aim of using the rental to pay for Iranian students studying in America. The advantage of such charitable status was that the U.S. authorities could not investigate the books of the Pahlavi Foundation in Iran.
Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi was also known for his interest in cars and had a personal collection of 140 classic and sports cars including a Mercedes-Benz 500K coupe, one of the only six ever made.

</doc>
<doc id="20065660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065660" title="Hironobu Takesaki">
Hironobu Takesaki

At age 64, Takesaki replaced Niro Shimada as the Chief Justice when November 21, 2008, the date of Shimada's mandatory retirement, came.

</doc>
<doc id="20065776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065776" title="Ole Doc Methuselah">
Ole Doc Methuselah

Ole Doc Methuselah is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer L. Ron Hubbard, published in 1970.
Contents.
The stories follow the adventures of "Old Doc Methuselah" in a future where interstellar travel is completely routine; humanity has spread through several galaxies, and has met many alien races.
Old Doc Methuselah is a "Soldier of Light". The Soldiers of Light are an organization of supremely skilled, extremely long-lived physicians whose prestige and authority are so great that they can go where they please and do very much as they please. At one point, a low-ranking character mentions that in his instructions for welcoming visiting dignitaries, Soldiers of Light are not mentioned. "Neither is God", is the answer he receives. 
The stories usually deal with some situation that has become very bad, until Old Doc Methuselah arrives, figures out what has gone wrong, and puts things to rights, using his great authority to bend lesser folk to his will. 
His only companion for most of the series is an alien he bought on a whim. The alien prefers serving Old Doc Methuselah over freedom, and mopes when the Doc frees him in one story. His servant is quite useful because of his photographic memory and great resilience and strength.

</doc>
<doc id="20065809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065809" title="Jimmy Wang (journalist)">
Jimmy Wang (journalist)

Jimmy Wang (born January 21, 1980 in Jersey City) is a freelance video and film producer.
Professional life.
Jimmy Wang is currently working as a freelance video producer, in addition to working on his first feature length narrative film.
In 2012, Wang directed "Underground Hip-hop in China," a 45-minute documentary following the story of MC Webber, one of the first Hip-hop 
rappers in China. The documentary follows the lives of many of China's "post-90's generation," critically juxtaposing the experiences of young post Mao-millennials as they grapple for their place in the new China with their nouveau riche counterparts, or " 富二代" (fu er dai) as they are known in Chinese. The documentary takes an insider look at the changing social landscape in Beijing through the eyes of its local urbanites, right as the largest urbanization in history floods China's cities with more and more outsiders.
The film's sociological importance lies in its illustration of how soft power and censorship in the mainland Chinese music industry have forced many young talented Chinese musicians and artists to either embrace talent companys' blend of censorship and commercialism completely, or remain underground in obscurity, and banned from performing, in many cases. This choice has forced many young artists to adopt attitudes of self-censorship towards their own music and thought if they wish to remain relevant on a national level, or, conversely, remain underground, on the internet, in the shadows.
From 2005 until 2012, Wang worked as a video journalist in the Beijing bureau of The New York Times. His short video news work has
appeared on Time.com, The Asia Society.org, and syndicated international television broadcasts, in addition to nytimes.com.
Wang got his MFA from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in writing/directing. He got his BA from Northwestern University. 
He is not Jimmy Wang Yang, the smack down wrestler, or Jimmy Wang Yu, the Kung-Fu choreographer
Past awards.
Mr. Wang's documentaries have won awards, including, in 2009, the global media award for outstanding informational long form story for the series. For more information on past work and awards, see http://thejimmywang.com

</doc>
<doc id="20065867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065867" title="The Vine Band">
The Vine Band

The Vine Band is a modern praise and worship band based in Hong Kong, China. Led by worship leader, Tom Read, The Vine Band has been pioneering a new sound of worship in Hong Kong, and throughout Asia.
The Vine Band is essentially a representation of the worship team at The Vine Christian Fellowship. The Vine Band has played a key role in representing worship music in Hong Kong, and made an impact in the region, outselling the likes of The Smashing Pumpkins in Hong Kong.
Mission.
The band’s mission is to equip the next generation of worshippers in Asia; to rise up and find their voice; and to be released into a new freedom and passion in worship. Over the last decade, The Vine Band has had the privilege of leading people into worship all across Asia including: China, Taiwan, The Philippines, and Singapore, and to share the stage with international worship artists such as Steven Curtis Chapman and Tim Hughes.
The Vine Band has released two live worship albums; Who May Ascend? (2006) and From Ashes To Beauty (2008). Both albums were recorded and produced by Peter Wallis from Hillsong Church, Sydney.
The latest album, From Ashes to Beauty, is being released by Integrity Music Asia, as both a full-length album in English, and a 5 track E.P. in Mandarin Chinese. The full-length album features 11 brand new worship songs including a new version of God of Justice, featuring international worship leader, Tim Hughes.
The recording has also seen The Vine Band uniquely partnering with Care For Children, a children's charity based in China, to raise awareness for the plight of over one million orphaned children in China.
The vision of The Vine Band is to see and hear a new sound of worship rising up from Asia and make a significant impact around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20065870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065870" title="Iowa Highway 346">
Iowa Highway 346

Iowa Highway 346 (Iowa 346) is a short state highway in north-northeastern Iowa. Iowa 346 begins at U.S. Route 218 / Iowa Highway 27 at Nashua, Iowa and ends at the intersection of U.S. Route 18 and U.S. Route 63 south of New Hampton.
Route description.
Iowa Higwhay 346 begins at exit 220 of U.S. Route 218 (US 218) and Iowa Highway 27, the Avenue of the Saints highway, west of Nashua. It heads east and intersects Amherst Boulevard, which is the former alignment of US 218 through Nashua. It crosses the Cedar River adjacent to the dam which holds back Red Cedar Lake and passes the Big Four Fairgrounds before leaving Nashua.
From Nashua, Iowa 346 takes an S-curve to the north and east at Bradford. After exiting the curve, it heads due east for the remainder of its length along section lines. The route travels through rolling farmland before ending at an interchange with U.S. Route 18 and U.S. Route 63 in Richland Township.
History.
Iowa Highway 346 was originally a spur route connecting Bradford to U.S. Route 218 in Nashua. By 1954, Iowa 346 had been extended east to the intersection of U.S. Route 18 and U.S. Route 63 west of Fredericksburg. After the Avenue of the Saints corridor was constructed and opened in 2003, the western end of Iowa 346 was moved to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20065875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065875" title="Deshaipet">
Deshaipet

Deshaipet is a village in Warangal District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
History.
Deshaipet comes in the region ruled by Kakatiyas of the 12–14th century AD. Many people from this village participated in the freedom fight for India.
Deshaipet plays vital role in Warangal District.
Education.
C.K.M. College is situated in this village and the college is one of the oldest colleges in Warangal. It offers of bachelor and masters courses.
Deshaipet famous for Unity in integrity.

</doc>
<doc id="20065895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065895" title="Narendra Dhar Jayal">
Narendra Dhar Jayal

Major Narendra Dhar Jayal, or Nandu, as he was affectionately known (died 1958), was an officer of the Bengal Sappers and the Indian Army Corps of Engineers. A legendary figure in Indian mountaineering, he was often referred to as the 'Marco Polo of Indian Mountaineering' as he had pioneered and patronized the sport of amateur mountain-climbing in the early years after Independence and set forth a blazing, though short, trail for Indian mountaineers to follow. He encouraged the youths of India to take part in mountaineering. Nandu was educated at The Doon School.
School days.
Jayal began his mountaineering career while he was a student at The Doon School, where his teachers encouraged his interest in climbing as a way to tame his somewhat unruly nature.
Jayal's first major expedition as a 16-year old schoolboy was to the Awar Valley above Badrinath, reaching 6,000 meters. Other climbs, while still at Doon, included Trisul with Gurdial Singh, a teacher from Doon. While Singh went on to reach the peak of Trisul, where he performed a headstand asana to honor the Hindu god Shiva, Jayal noted his own feelings in lyrical terms: "The grass on which we camped was like a cushion sprinkled with tiny mauve primula and the gentle lapping of the running water recalled melodies from Beethoven’s Pastoral Symphony. I confess a desire to bring my efforts to an honourable conclusion here – as long as somebody got to the top – and revel in this bracing and saner altitude."
It was a remarkable transformation of Doon's most delinquent boy who had become a "gentle, perfect knight"
Career.
In 1948, Nandu Jayal went to Switzerland and acquired a Ski Teacher's Certificate, a very respectable achievement. He was appointed Chief Instructor at the Winter Warfare School, later known as the High Altitude and Winter Warfare School.
Under the leadership of the Engineer-in-Chief, Maj. Gen. Harold 'Bill' Williams, himself an eager climber, Nandu Jayal organised the first Sappers expedition to Bandarpunch successfully in 1950. As a young Captain in 1950-51, he carried out a strategic reconnaissance of the Garhwal Himalayas and was later the Indian Army liaison officer for the French Expedition to Nanda Devi in 1951. He organised and led two expeditions to Kamet; the first in 1952 when the summit team was forced back by a blizzard from just 600 metres short of the mountain and later in 1955 when he summitted - at that point of time, it was the highest that an Indian had climbed.
Major Jayal was the founder principal of the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute at Darjeeling, with Tenzing Norgay of Everest fame as the Chief Instructor. Both of them were invited by the Swiss Government to Switzerland where they spent three months seeing new things and having new experiences. Maj Jayal was became the only non-Swiss to win the coveted Swiss Guide's Diploma and Badge. Jayal led the 1955 Kamet expedition as the Director HMI.
Maj Jayal organised an expedition to Nanda Devi in 1957. Bad weather thwarted the expedition but Jayal, never one to give up, went next to the Karakoram where he conquered Saken (24,130 ft) and Sakang (24,150 ft), the third highest peak in the Karakoram range.
Death.
In 1958, the Government sponsored an expedition to Cho Oyu (28,867 ft), one of the highest mountains of the world. Jayal died of pulmonary oedema caused by overexertion on this expedition at Camp I. He had started late and tried to catch up with the main party. There was also a problem in his medical care as much of the expedition equipment had been lost in a Dakota crash en route to Nepal. His death and that of some others brought home the cruel lesson of need for acclimatisation and discipline in the pursuit of Himalayan mountaineering.
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the Prime Minister of India, paid rich tributes to Jayal saying "the Major has set an example of courage and adventure which should inspire our young people. The news of his death came to me as a shock and I feel that the country has suffered the loss of her finest mountaineer..."
Arthur Foot, Jayal's Headmaster of Doon, noted that "The Himalaya completed his education into a stature of nobility", echoing a sentiment expressed two years earlier by Jayal himself who had noted, after an expedition to Saser Kangri, that "Pushing the body to the utmost for something indefinably inherent in a person, is intrinsically noble and worthwhile." R.L. Holdsworth, a teacher at Doon who had encouraged Jayal to pursue mountaineering noted after his death that "He died very much the master of himself and of most of the world that is worth mastering."
The Indian Mountaineering Foundation had a Nandu Jayal Fund and published, along with the Corps of Engineers, a book "Nandu Jayal and Indian Mountaineering", which contained articles on various aspects of Indian Mountaineering by him and by others.
Nandu Jayal's life and career motivated many young officers of the Corps to take up mountaineering, most prominent of whom were his nephews, Harsh and Jai Bahugana;
both were officers of the Indian Army, dedicated mountaineers and both died on Mount Everest.

</doc>
<doc id="20065938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065938" title="1987 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1987 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1987 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 55th in the league. Despite the interruption of the schedule by the second strike in six seasons, the team improved upon their previous output of 5–10–1, going 7–8. However, three of those losses came during the three-game stretch during the strike when teams were staffed primarily with replacement players, or "scabs," who crossed the picket lines to suit up. Despite the improvement, the team once again failed to qualify for the playoffs.
Defensive lineman Reggie White nonetheless had a breakout season, establishing a new NFL record by exploding for 21 sacks in only 12 games. 
On October 25 at Veterans Stadium, in the first game back after the strike was settled, Eagles head coach Buddy Ryan called for the infamous "fake spike" in the final seconds with the hosts leading the Dallas Cowboys by 10 points. The fake eventually led to another late touchdown, payback for Cowboys head coach Tom Landry running up the score with starters who crossed the picket line to play two weeks earlier at Texas Stadium. One week later, Philadelphia won its final road game against the Cardinals at the old Busch Stadium, before the franchise moved to Phoenix for the 1988 season.
Off Season.
NFL Draft.
The 1987 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. The draft was held April 28–29, 1987 in New York City. 
This again would be a 12 round draft of 28 teams. 
The Philadelphia Eagles would get the 9th in the 12 rounds. They would make 10 selection in the draft. 
The draft began with first overall pick of 1986 Heisman Trophy winner Vinny Testaverde, Quarterback from Miami (FLA), by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
NFL Supplemental Draft.
The Eagles would also use a pick in the 1987 NFL Supplemental Draft to take Cris Carter a Wide receiver out of Ohio State. Prior to Carter's senior season in 1987, he secretly signed with notorious sports agent Norby Walters. When the contract was discovered, Carter was ruled ineligible to play for Ohio State.
Regular season.
In 1987, Mike Quick was part of NFL history. He finished second in the NFL in Touchdown receptions with 11. The leader was Jerry Rice with 23. This marked the first time in NFL history that a category leader doubled the total of his nearest competitor.
Games Recaps.
Week 1.
Sunday, September 13, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium on grass playing surface in 74F degrees with wind at 11 MPH.
Week 2.
Sunday, September 20, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 62F degrees with wind at 12 MPH.
Week Canceled.
Because of the NFLPA union's players strike against the NFL, all the games this week were cancelled. Replacement player were used when the season resumed the following week.
Week 3.
Sunday, October 4, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 48F degrees with wind at 19 MPH.
Week 4.
Sunday, October 11, 1987 Kickoff 12:00 PM Central
Played at Texas Stadium on a grass playing surface in 58F degrees with wind at 16 MPH.
Week 5.
Sunday, October 18, 1987 Kickoff 12:00 PM Central
Played at Lambeau Field on a grass playing surface in 46F degrees with wind at 11 MPH.
Week 6.
Sunday October 25, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 56F degrees with wind at 15 MPH.
Week 7.
Sunday, November 1, 1987 Kickoff 12:00 PM Central 
Played at Busch Stadium on an AstroTurf playing surface in 68F degrees with wind at 10 MPH.
Week 8.
Sunday, November 8, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 52F degrees with wind at 10 MPH.
Week 9.
Sunday, November 15, 1987 Kickoff 4:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 50F degrees with wind at 8 MPH.
Week 10.
Sunday, November 22, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 26F degrees with wind at 19 MPH with a wind chill of 12F .
Week 11.
November 29, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Sullivan Stadium on an AstroTurf playing surface in 38F degrees with wind at 11 MPH.
Week 12.
December 6, 1987 Stadium Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at The Meadowlands on a grass playing surface in 38F degrees with wind at 22 MPH and a wind chill of 27F.
Week 13.
Sunday, December 13, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 43F degrees with wind at 15 MPH.
Week 14.
Sunday, September 13, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at The Meadowlands on a grass playing surface in 42F degrees with wind at 11 MPH.
Week 15.
Sunday, December 27, 1987 Kickoff 1:00 PM Eastern
Played at Veterans Stadium on an Astroturf playing surface in 35F degrees with wind at 10 MPH with a wind chill of 28.
1987 NFL Plaoffs.
The Philadelaphia Eagles with a record of 7–8–0 failed to make the 1987 NFL Playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20065949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065949" title="Lego Power Miners">
Lego Power Miners

Lego Power Miners is a product range – or "theme" – of the construction toy Lego. It is an influenced theme from the 1999 Rock Raiders line. Power Miners is based beneath the surface of the Lego World, wherein a team of 'Power Miners' investigate the cause of a series of severe earthquakes and discover both Rock Monsters and Energy Crystals. The theme was released originally in 2009. It was a theme introduced in 2009 and discontinued in 2010.
Story.
The Power Miners (Doc, Duke, Rex, and Brains) are sent underground by the government to investigate a series of earthquakes occurring in the Southwest Region of the U.S that have destroyed several cities on the surface of the Lego World. While underground, they discover the Energy Crystals and the Rock Monsters (Meltrox, Boulderax, Glaciator, Sulfurix, Firox, Geolix and Tremorox). They attempt to collect and mine the crystals in order to stop the monsters from consuming them and causing the earthquakes on the surface. However, a bigger threat emerges in the form of The Crystal King, the undisputed ruler of all Rock Monsters underground has awoken from his years of sleep. 
In Jan. 2010, Power Miners were brought back to life in the new sub-theme Power Miners: Core of the Underworld. The plot, based on the November 2009 comic, shows the Power Miners fighting the Crystal King with the Titanuim Command Rig, but they accidentally break through the cave floor and fall into the inner core of the earth, where they also find the Lava Monsters: Firax, Combustix, Infernox, and Eruptorr. To keep themselves from boiling from the hot climate, Brains creates heat-protection silver suits, and designs a large base known as the set "Lavatraz." Their new vehicles (Magma Mech, Fire Blaster and Claw Catcher) involve usually water cannons, to put out the lava and Lava Monsters. Therefore, the color scheme changed from lime green and orange to lime green, grey and blue. The Energy Crystals also change into Lava Crystals, which is what the Lava Monsters eat.
Characters.
Miners.
2009.
Doc is the leader of the group, and is determined to discover what hides underground. He has also been on other adventures. Brains is the team scientist. He is fascinated by the rock monsters and would like to capture a Rock Monster to take to the surface for study. Rex is the engineer who builds the Power Miners vehicles, while Duke is a veteran miner who has dug for precious minerals around the world. The other miners are Duke's assistant miners and the engineer. While underground, they discover strange energy crystals and the Rock Monsters, the source of the earthquakes. So far, they have a total of 12 vehicles (including Rock Hacker) to fight the Rock Monsters with. They have a large base (Underground Mining Station) and a mobile drilling rig (Titanium Command Rig.) Most of the vehicles are equipped with giant drills and elaborate gear mechanisms.
2010.
In 2010, the miners were fighting the crystal King with the Titanium Command Rig when the expedition opened an entrance into the inner core of the Earth. Brains then created new heat-protection silver suits to protect themselves from boiling. Rex also designed three new vehicles all equipped with untensils to stop the Lava Monsters. A new base was designed by Brains and built by Rex called "Lavatraz," a portmanteau on the words lava and Alcatraz, a famous prison located near San Francisco. Note: The 2009 Power Miners vehicles were built mostly for mining, while the 2010 vehicles are built for capturing lava monsters.
Rex is seen wearing the new, silver, heat-resistant armor of the 2010 line-up of sets. Before Doc called him, he was working on a giant geo-thermal power station. This could have been adapted to the Underground Mining Station. He designed and helped build every vehicle, and in 2010 he teamed together with Brains to design and build their new vehicles and base. He also specially designed and built the Fire Blaster himself.
Appearances:
– Claw Digger, Crystal Crawler, Rock Wrecker, Underground Mining Station, Rubble Rescue Rover, Fire Blaster
Brains is a famous scientist of the Power Miners. He is the one who started the whole operation and would love to bring a Rock Monster to the surface to be studied. He got his nickname, "Brains," from Rex when they first met. He and Doc, his colleague, who asked him to lead the operation. He designed the Mine Mech and also built it, the Crystal Sweeper, which he did not build, along with the Titanium Command Rig. Later in 2010, he specifically teamed with Rex and the engineer to create the four vehicles and base. It is unknown why he wears a monocle over his left eye. When his mission with the Power Miners was completed, he joined the Atlantis Salvage Crew.
Appearances:
– Mine Mech, Cave Cutter, Crystal Sweeper, Crystal Crawler, Titanium Command Rig, Rock Watchman, Blast Roller, Claw Catcher, Deep Sea Raider
Duke is a veteran miner, although he has never seen anything like the Rock Monsters before. So far he has appeared in most sets from the Power Miners line. In 2010, Duke is seen sporting the new silver, heat-resistant armor. He has dug for gold, diamonds and survived cave-ins and floods. He sometimes is not sure if he even believes in the Rock Monsters and crystals. He was asked to help him by his friend Doc, because of his reputation. He helped build the Thunder Driller, Titanium Command Rig, and the Cave Crusher. Later, in 2010, he helped build Lavatraz. 
Appearances:
– Thunder Driller, Aero Shredder, Titanium Command Rig, Rock Watchman, Blast Roller, Lavatraz, Cave Crusher 
Doc is the leader of the Power Miners team. He has been on many adventures around the world. He was asked to lead the operation by his colleague, Brains. He then called his friends Duke and Rex, and thus the operation was created. He is determined to destroy the Rock Monsters, though is a little scared of them. He designed the Thunder Driller, and helped design and build the Titanium Command Rig. Later in 2010, he helped build Lavatraz.
Appearances:
– Thunder Driller, Aero Shredder, Titanium Command Rig, Rock Watchman, Blast Roller, Lavatraz
The engineer is Rex's apprentice and assistant. He is part of the demolition squad and often helps Rex with creating and rigging vehicles. Later, in 2010, he helped build the Magma Mech. He has lots of scars and has a metal plate on his forehead.
Appearances:
– Crystal Sweeper, Crystal Crawler, Cave Crusher, Boulder Blaster, Magma Mech, Crystal King
The miner is Duke's assistant and works for Doc. He is in the drilling squad and is often sent on various missions. He does not appear in 2010, so he probably didn't fall through the core of the earth or retired.
Appearances:
Granite Grinder, Aero Shredder, Cargo Crusher, Crystal King, Underground Mining Station, Rubble Rescue Rover
The collier is Duke's 2nd Assistant. He is in the drilling squad. He doesn't appear in any 2010 sets.
Appearances:
Rock Hacker, Stone Chopper, Cave Cutter, Underground Mining Station, Rubble Rescue Rover
Rock Monsters.
The Rock Monsters are the enemies of the miners (Duke, Brains, Rex, and Doc). They appear in all the sets from the Power Miners series. They are made of different colored rock and crystals. There are five different kinds of Rock Monster. The rock monsters are Meltrox, Boulderax, Glaciator, Sulfurix, Firox, Geolix, Tremorox and RockRage (Crystal King). They are shown to have some primitive technology, like monster launchers. The Rock Monsters eat crystals, which give them power. If a rock monster eats a different colored crystal to what it is it will burp and break wind.
In 2010, the Power Miners found out more about the Rock Monsters. The rock monsters are creatures that formed in the core and crust of the earth over thousands of years. They then traveled into the mantle of the lego world. The first of the monsters was the Sulfurix, who had begun gathering the energy crystals to gain power and tunnel to the world above. Brains also found out that the monsters were made of Rock and Kinetic energy trapped in rock form. The crystals gave them the power to grow in size, and release the energy from the crystals in any way they wanted to, explaining their powers. Some Sulfurix grew from crystals into the Geolix, also making the powers more severe. Finally, after thousands of years, a Geolix had turned into RockRage, the massive Crystal King. He then created the other four types of monsters. This is also the theory for the Tremerox. Soon, when the Rock Monsters planned to tunnel to the top of the surface, they would take it over using the power of the crystals.
Meltrox is a red species of Rock Monster from the Power Miners line. The Meltroxes are angry, destructive, and full of rage when they're in a good mood, when they are in a bad mood, they are much worse, which is why part of his name is melt, as in destroy. He is plainly mad at everything all the time and has problems with his temper. He is a red monster and eats red Energy Crystals. He is always the first to fight, even if there are crystals for the taking. Meltrox is one of the four types of rock monsters created by the Crystal King. Once he eats a red energy crystal, he is shown to have a surge of anger that he uses to destroy certain things. He has two cousins, the Tremorox, who are large versions of Meltrox, and the Infernox, who are versions of Meltrox heated up badly. He often attacks with Glaciator.
Appearances: – Stone Chopper, Cave Cutter, Crystal Sweeper, Crystal Crawler
The Boulderaxes are strong, slow, but not so smart. They are green. Once they start attacking miners, they forget about the crystals. Glaciators get them to do their dirty work for them. The Boulderax are as dumb as a bag of rocks, and will fight the Thunder Driller just for the fun of it. He is one of the least common rock monsters. The Boulderax are one of the four types of monsters created by the Crystal King. Once he eats a green energy crystal, he has super-strength. He does not have any cousins and is exclusive to the Mine Mech set.
Appearances: – Mine Mech, Cave Cutter
The Glaciators are nasty, and evil. These Rock Monsters are blue and are feared by the other Rock Monsters. They get Boulderax to attack the miners while they feast on crystals. If there is trouble underground, you can be sure Glaciator is behind it somehow! He is the most common rock monster, being in 9 sets. The Glaciator are one of the four types of monsters created by the Crystal King. Once eaten a blue energy crystal, he can freeze water, rock and even power miner vehicles. 
Appearances: – Granite Grinder, Aero Shredder, Cargo Crusher, Crystal Sweeper, Crystal Crawler, Boulder Blaster, Titanium Command Rig, Rock Watchman, Blast Roller
The Sulfurixes are clever and sly. They appear where you least expect them. They can make tunnels by melting through rock and can eat a load of crystals very quickly. He is the rock monster used in all promo sets including rock monsters. Once he eats a yellow energy crystal, he is able to tunnel through solid rock, and is probably the one who made the caves and tunnels in the first place. The Sulfurix was the first rock monsters to reach the Lego world. One ate the crystals and grew into the Geolix. Later, a Geolix grew into the Crystal King. The Sulfurix have three cousins, Geolix, a large version of Sulfurix, RockRage, the Crystal King, and Combustix, Sulfurixes that are heated up badly.
Appearances: – Monster Launcher, Claw Digger, Crystal Crawler
To date, Firox have only appeared in one set. Firox are sneaky and curious by nature, and fastest of all the rock monsters. Rex hates Firox the most, because they ruin all the machines he made. He enjoys stealing the Power Miners tools, playing tricks and messing up machines. He is one of the four rock monsters created by the Crystal King. Once he eats an orange crystal, he has a surge of super speed. He has two cousins: Firax, which are the Firox heated up badly, and Eruptorr, the larger version of the Firax.
Appearances: – Thunder Driller, Aero Shredder
Geolix is a Rock Monster from the 2009 Power Miners line. He is a large rock monster, and is similar in appearance to Sulfurix and the Crystal King. He can hold crystals on his back while he fights. Large monsters can launch rocks and small rock monsters with a lever on their backs. He is cunning and crystal-hungry, and is shown to be a bully and bosses around the Sulfurix. He constantly is making up games to throw around the small monsters as well. He has incredible strength and uncanny aim, and is a threat to every power miner vehicle. He has three cousins, the Sulfurix, the smaller version of Geolix, RockRage, a king version of the sulfurix and Geolix, and the Combustix, who are the Sulfurix heated up badly.
Appearances: – Rock Wrecker, Underground Mining Station, Rubble Rescue Rover
Tremorox is a Rock Monster from the Power Miners line. He is an enlarged Meltrox. The Meltroxes are angry, destructive, and full of rage. They always want to be the first to fight even when they could be chomping down on crystals. Tremorox can also launch rocks with a lever on his back just like Geolix. He is the angry, bigger and stronger leader of the Meltrox, and hates anything and anyone. The only thing he enjoys is smashing the power miner's vehicles. He has two cousins, the Meltrox, who are the smaller versions of the Tremerox (and his subjects), and the Infernox, who are versions of the Meltrox heated up badly.
Appearances: – Cave Crusher, Titanium Command Rig, Rock Watchman, Blast Roller
RockRage the Crystal King is thousands of years old and glowing from crystals he's devoured over centuries. He is the ultimate, undisputed ruler of all the monsters underground. His strength is unrivaled by any known monster, and grows stronger as he grows older. He may eat any type of crystal and can access any known power once he does. He has huge, pointy spikes, crystal teeth, and mysterious crystal armor plates. Soon, as every king monster does, he had to sleep for years to regain his strength. If a rock monster fails to give him enough crystals, he will eat the monster itself! He was awoken by the Titanium Command Rig, but it just so happened he regained enough power at the same time. He is cousins with all rock and lava monsters, but rules over only the rock monsters. He plans to "drill" to the surface world and conquer it as his own, and has the monsters do his bidding. He and the other monsters loathe the lava monsters and plan to travel to the earth before them. He is defeated when falls in the lava monsters territory
Appearances: – Crystal King
Lava/Magma Monsters.
The lava monsters are the new antagonists of the 2010 Power Miners line. They have to be fought with water instead of dynamite and other tools and live in the molten Lava chambers of the Earth which are deeper than the rock monsters. 
The lava monsters are really rock monsters that were heated up badly when the monster race was beginning. A Sulfurix was heated in the magma chambers to create Combustix. Later, a Firax was created when a Firox fell in boiling lava. The same happened to Meltrox to create Infernox. The Lava Monsters then ate lava crystals that were made of lava and kinetic energy trapped in igneous rock formation. The monsters were made of the same material. Just like their cousins, the monsters release a form of energy once eating a crystal, in ways involving lava and volcanic eruption. A Firax once later grew in size to the powerful Eruptorr, who ruled the monsters. The Lava Monsters hate their Rock Monster cousins and wish to take over the LEGO world before them.
The Miners built Lavatraz, a large base designed to hold the monsters until destruction, along with water gun protection. Brains read more about the monsters and crystals and discovered the only way to defeat them was to put them out with water. Four vehicles were then created to capture the Lava Monsters and crystals and bring them back to base where they'd be destroyed. The monsters were then imprisoned in Lavatraz, where a crane would pick up a monster and dump them in a large tank filled with liquid nitrogen. This would completely destroy both for good.
Combustix is a yellow Lava Monster. He is the first lava monster, and is led by the lava monster leader, Eruptorr, along with the Firax and Infernox. He is similar in color to Sulfurix, though his carapace is a slightly darker, drabber yellow. The crystal he holds, however, is the same color as Sulfurix's. It is likely that Combustix monsters are heated Sulfurix, because Firax monsters might be super-heated Firox monsters. Brains is hardly sure of what the Combustix are made of, and all he knows is that it is hot and goopy. When the Combustix eats a yellow lava crystal, he leaves sizzling puddles of molten goo that burns everything in its path, and is also the reason why he doesn't stay in one place. He has three cousins, the Sulfurix, which is a rock version of him, the Geolix, a large version of the Sulfurix, and RockRage, a king Sulfurix.
Appearances: – Fire Blaster
A Firax is a Lava Monster that appears in the 2010 Power Miners line. Firax has a trans-orange carapace with black arms. Firax is the same orange color as Firox. Firax is included in two sets, as shown below. He seems to have scratches all over his fiery body. Also, Firax is said to be a Firox on fire. What happens when you put a Firox in super heat? You get an even trickier Firax to deal with!. This explains that Lava Monsters might be Rock Monsters somehow modified by high levels of volcanic heat to create Lava Monsters. Apparently, Firax likes to trap Power Miners and take their vehicles for joyrides- melting the seats in the process! They're mischievous like they're Firox cousins, and love trapping the power miners. Once they eat orange lava crystals, he can create a flood of lava in the chambers, much to the pleasure of the Infernox. He has a cousin and a brother, the Firox, a rock version of the Firax, and the Eruptorr, a larger version of the Firax.
Appearances: – Magma Mech, Lavatraz
Infernox is a Lava Monster in the new 2010 Power Miners series. His carapace is the same trans-red color as Meltrox. Because Firax monsters are described as super-heated Firox, Infernox is likely a super-heated Meltrox. The Infernox are wild and crazed because their brain is constantly boiling. They are constantly running, bouncing, whirling, crashing and splashing in lava streams and pools of the core of the earth. They're almost impossible for the power miners to catch, and even harder to hold once they do. They admire the Firax work, especially when they create more lava pools to splash in! They have two cousins, the Meltrox, a rock version of the Infernox, and the Tremorox, the larger version of the Meltrox. Once one eats a red lava crystal, he leaves a huge fire behind him, hence the name Inferno-x.
Appearances: – Claw Catcher
Eruptorr is a throwing Lava Monster in the 2010 Power Miners line. He is similar in appearance to the 2009 large throwing Rock Monsters, but is a Lava Monster. He has transparent orange legs and a black body. He is a larger version of Firax, and has flames all over his back. He is the biggest, strongest and loudest of the lava monsters, and is a primal volcanic force that rules the Earth's core with a fiery fist. He refuses to stop until he has personally driven the power miners out of the core. Once he eats an orange lava crystal, he can throw a limited amount of lava balls, and in rare cases, if he eats a lot of crystals, he can cause small volcanic eruptions. He has one cousin and one brother, the Firox, a rock version of the Firax, and the Firax, the smaller versions of Eruptorr.
Appearances: – Lavatraz
Set Information.
Below is a list of Power Miners sets. All of the sets have a lime-green and orange color scheme, and the Power Miners themselves have blue and gray uniforms. The first two promotional sets were released in Dec. 2008, but later in the year a few of the first wave sets were available at Toys "R" Us stores. Finally, in Jan. 2009, the entire first wave was released. A second batch of sets was released in May 2009 and a third wave of sets in August 2009. All four new sets of 2010 were released in January 2010 to Europe, while sets 8190 and 8191 were not released to America until August 2010.
Sometimes in different sets, they Miners appear differently to the way they usually look (e.g. hair, different facial expression, different hat) but most of the time they appear the same.
Combo Models.
Instructions for four combo models were provided by the official Lego website followed by 4 models made from pieces of specific set: (Information is Below)
Stone Chopper + Mine Mech = Cave Cutter
Granite Grinder + Thunder Driller = Aero Shredder
Claw Digger + Crystal Sweeper = Crystal Crawler
Pieces of the Underground Mining Station = Rubble Rescue Rover 
Pieces of the Titanium Command Rig = Rock Watchman
Pieces of the Titanium Command Rig = Blast Roller
Pieces of the Granite Grinder = Cargo Crusher
The Cave Cutter is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Stone Chopper and the Mine Mech. It has 98 pieces. It has a Giant blade at the front and two on the sides. It also includes 2 sharp Sickles on the sides for walking. In the middle there is a stick of Dynamite. At the back it has a rollcage with a light and a wheel with tough treads.
The Aero Shredder is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Granite Grinder and the Thunder Driller. It has 329 pieces. The ground vehicle has tracks, a roll cage to, a dynamite launcher, a giant crusher wheel and a piece that connects to the aircraft. The aircraft has an engine on each of its wings and 1 on its back and two chains to connect it to the ground vehicle. 
The Crystal Crawler is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Claw Digger and the Crystal Sweeper. It has 671 pieces. The Crystal Crawler has tread in the front and large spiky wheels at the back. It has seat and rollcage for two minifigures, a movable scoop in the front and an extendabile loading bin at the rear. 
The Rubble Rescue Rover is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Underground Mining Station. This set cannot do that much, except that it has a movable scoop at the front.There is a spot light in the back, along with four dynamite This sets purpose is to save the Power Miners When there is a rock fall or a rock monster attack. This set has 227 current pieces.
The Rock Watchman is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Titanium Command Rig. It has a crusher wheel at the front, a cage for a Glaciator which is held by a crane and a small cabin.
The Blast Roller has a giant crusher pipe at the front for squishing rocks and monsters. It has 2 tough wheels at the back, 2 sticks of dynamite and what looks like a 4-nozzle laser gun. It also has a cabin and a little platform for a miner to stand on.
The Cargo Crusher is a LEGO Power Miners set made from the pieces of the Granite Grinder. The Instructions for this set so far have only been found in New Zealand. This sets(with 68 current pieces) main function is a rotating drill that drags a Glaciator behind it. Glaciator is hooked up to a chain so he can't escape, and is well away from the blue crystal and dynamite.
Models.
Sets 1–11 (2009).
The stone chopper is the smallest Power Miners set (aside from the Rock hacker and Monster launcher) with only 31 pieces. The set features a small motorbike with saws on the front and a crystal holder on the side. It also comes with a Meltrox rock monster and Collier. this power miner vehicle is no. 1
The mine mech is a small, walking robot with two arms. The arms have a saw blade and a claw for grabbing things. It was built by (and comes with) Brains. It also includes a Boulderax rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 2
The granite grinder features a jackhammer on the front that moves back and forth when the vehicle moves, a removable bucket with dynamite in the back, and a cockpit. It comes with a miner and a Glaciator rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 3
The claw digger is much larger than the first three sets. It features two claws in the front that destroy rocks "and" rock monsters when activated. The set includes a Rex miner and a Sulfurix rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 4
The thunder driller is a large rig that features a duel-direction drill on the front that turns when you move the vehicle's front wheels. It includes a Duke and Doc minifigure and a Firox rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 5
The crystal sweeper is a large vehicle that has a sweeping turbine on the front controlled by the back wheels that sweeps up crystals and throws them into a bucket in the back. There are also two features on the sides of the cockpit. One- a laser crane piloted by Brains, and Two- an escape motorbike with crates next to it. Also included is a catapult for shooting rock monsters at vehicles. The set includes a Brains and miner minifigure, and a Glaciator and Meltrox rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 6
The boulder blaster is a limited edition set exclusive to ToysRus. It is a vehicle that has a large dynamite shooter on the top. There are also tools in the back. The set includes a miner and a Glaciator rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 7
The rock wrecker is a vehicle with eight spinning saw blades on the front. In the back is a dynamite shooter and a net launcher. The set includes a Rex minifigure and a large Geolix rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 8
The cave crusher is a large vehicle with two spinning saw blades in the front and a titanium catapult on the top. This vehicle also has a tendency to move like a snake. The set includes a Duke and miner minifigure and a large Tremorox rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 9
The titanium command rig is the largest Power Miners vehicle. It features a drill on the front (similar to the thunder driller's), a dynamite launcher, a net launcher, a crane holding a cage, a zip line, and an air-conditioned cockpit. The main feature for the set is that you pull a pin in the middle which allows you to turn the command rig into a drilling tower. When you do this, a lab is revealed underneath, which has two chairs, computers, a place to put the cage that's included, and a crate with a banana. The set also includes a Doc, Duke, and Brains minifigure and a Glaciator and Tremorox rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 10
The underground mining station is the Power Miners' mining base. It features two towers that are connected by a zip line and pipes. It also has a bucket that is transported up and down the zip line. The bucket carries crystals which are dumped down a chute and into the back of a bulldozer. It also has a dynamite shooter and includes two carrots. The set includes a bulldozer, three miner minifigures, and a large Geolix rock monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 11
Sets 12–18 (2010).
The fire blaster is the smallest of the 2010 Power Miners vehicles. Its weapons include a water blaster and dynamite shooter. It also includes Rex in a silver suit and a Combustix lava monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 12
The magma mech is similar to the mine mech but has 183 pieces and is larger. On the magma mech's arms are a claw for grabbing lava monsters and a water jet/drill. It also includes a miner in a silver suit and a Firax lava monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 14
The claw catcher features two clamping claws in the front that grab lava monsters and throw them into a water tank in the back of the vehicle. It includes Brains in a silver suit and an Infernox lava monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 15
Lavatraz is a high tech jail meant for holding lava monsters. Its features include a working vending machine, exploding rock face, a cage (with an exploding wall), a magma dozer, and a water blaster. The set also includes a Duke and Doc minifigure with silver suits, and a Firax and Eruptorr lava monster. this power miner vehicle is no. 16
Similarities/Differences between Power Miners and Rock Raiders.
One obvious element that was already present in the Rock Raiders theme was the occurrence of Rock Monsters and Energy Crystals in the story. However, in the Lego Power Miners, the Rock/Lava Monsters play a bigger role and are included in every set and each Rock/Lava Monster are all named characters with different personalities and traits.
The Lego Power Miners and Lego Rock Raiders theme both have settings that take place underground and both themes have each team search for crystals, whilst trying to prevent the Rock/Lava Monsters from eating them. However the difference is while the crystals in Lego Rock Raiders were Energy Crystals with massive power in them, the Lego Power Miners crystals seem to be kinetic energy based instead. While Lego Power Miners collect their crystals for research purposes, the Rock Raiders collect them as fuel for their ship. Another difference between the themes is that the Crystals eaten by Rock Monsters in Power Miners make them release the kinetic energy, causing massive rumbles when underneath the surface.
The Power Miners are dressed in blue/gray clothing and their vehicles are green/orange and very large, similar to real-world mining equipment – a difference between this theme and Rock Raiders, which is more futuristic with more compact vehicles and grungier colors. Power Miners also implemented several features that only appeared in the planning stage of Rock Raiders, such as the concept of a mobile base and a common uniform for the miner minifigures.
Features.
The rock monsters have a flip top head, revealing the crystal stored inside. Keyring variants of rock monsters sent with monthly Lego magazine subscriptions have a fixed metal screw eye through the top of the head, and do not open. The screw eye can not be removed. It rotates, but does not withdraw from the plastic. Although there is a method of removing the metal screw.
Large monsters, such as Geolix, have a lever on their back that, when pressed/pushed, swings the left arm of the monster, which allows it to throw either rocks, crystals, or smaller monsters. Geolix and Tremorox (but not Eruptorr) all have studs on their backs for holding onto crystals. Unlike their smaller cousins, Large Rock Monsters cannot open their mouths.

</doc>
<doc id="20065951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065951" title="La Brea Bakery">
La Brea Bakery

La Brea Bakery is a retail bakery, restaurant operator, and an industrial baking company started in Los Angeles, California. Since opening its flagship store on La Brea Avenue in 1989, La Brea has opened two much larger bakeries in Van Nuys, California, and Swedesboro, New Jersey, to serve wholesale clients. It also sells its products in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
History.
Originally just a small storefront, in 1998 the business raised US$10 million for a new production plant in Van Nuys and became the largest artisanal bakery in the United States. The facility prepares par-baked bread, dough that has been 80% baked and then quick-frozen for baking later, and employed around 100 people in 1999. La Brea breads are widely available throughout Southern California and are sold in many supermarkets, but the original small storefront remains popular with Angelenos craving its artisanal fresh baked goods.
In 1990, Nancy Silverton received the James Beard Foundation “Best Pastry Chef of the Year” Award. She has also written several books. The company’s website includes some of the articles that have been written about its breads.
In October 2008, La Brea Bakery was chosen to open a new restaurant at Los Angeles International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20065972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065972" title="Puin (brand)">
Puin (brand)

Puin () also spelled PuTin () is a brand of vegetable and mushrooms canned food produced by "Astrakhan Can Plant" (Astarkhanskiy Konservniy Kombinat) and its mother firm "Russian Can Plant" (Russkiy Konservniy Kombinat). The official name of the brand is Puin but the logo is crossed by the T-shaped sword (a KGB symbol) making the impression that the brand is PuTin, similar to the name of Russian President Vladimir Putin. The logo is put on the background of a Double-headed eagle very similar but not identical to the Coat of arms of Russia. The official logo was developed in 2007 to compete with Ukrainian brand Veres that currently takes approximately 70% share of all the canned food sold in Russian supermarkets. According to the owners of the trademark the logo increased their sales by 35-40%.

</doc>
<doc id="20065973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065973" title="Committee for Settling National-Local Disputes">
Committee for Settling National-Local Disputes

The is a review board affiliated with the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan. It is responsible for resolving disputes between the national government and local authorities regarding grants (or denied grants) of national government authority to local governments.
Under the Local Autonomy Law, the Committee is appointed by the Internal Affairs Minister with the consent of both houses of the Diet. It consists of five part-time members (although two may be made full-time as necessary) who serve for a term of three years. Decisions are made by a simple majority of members present at a meeting, with a quorum requirement of three members (including the chairman).
Any local government may petition the Committee within thirty days of the act which is being contested. The Committee must then make its determination on the matter within ninety days and either (1) notify the responsible government agency of the illegality of the act, (2) notify all parties that the act is proper, or (3) issue a conciliation proposal to the parties. A party dissatisfied with the ruling may appeal to a High Court within 30 days.
Since its inception in 2000, the Committee has heard only one petition. This petition was filed by the City of Yokohama in 2001, and ultimately ordered Internal Affairs Minister Toranosuke Katayama to revisit a previous denial of permission to impose a municipal tax on horse betting.[http://www.soumu.go.jp/singi/iinkai/kachiuma/11/08.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20065977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20065977" title="Bannered routes of U.S. Route 75">
Bannered routes of U.S. Route 75

Six bannered routes of U.S. Route 75 exist. Two routes exist in Oklahoma, one in Kansas, one in Nebraska, and two in Iowa.
Henryetta business loop.
The first bannered route along U.S. 75 is U.S. Route 75 Business in Henryetta, Oklahoma, in Okmulgee County. The route is in length. It begins at I-40 exit 240 west of town. It then continues east through the town to end at US-62/75 east of downtown. The entirety of the route is concurrent with Business Loop I-40 and U.S. 62 Business.
Beggs–Sapulpa alternate route.
U.S. Route 75 Alternate, the only such bannered route stemming from U.S. 75, is a former alignment of the mainline highway from east of Beggs to Sapulpa, Oklahoma, a suburb of Tulsa. The route is long. U.S. 75 Alternate is also sporadically signed as U.S. 75A and State Highway 75A.
The highway begins at U.S. 75 east of Beggs and travels west to that town, where it turns north. It runs through the towns of Mounds and Kiefer before reaching Sapulpa. In Sapulpa, its northern terminus is explicitly signed at an intersection with State Highway 66 and other state highways, but official Oklahoma Department of Transportation maps show it extending northeast along SH-66 until the point where it merges with I-44.
U.S. 75 followed what is now U.S. 75 Alternate prior to 1959. On August 28 of that year, mainline U.S. 75 was rerouted onto the new Okmulgee Beeline freeway and expressway, and U.S. 75 Alternate was established along the former route of the highway.
Sioux City business loop.
U.S. Route 75 Business in Sioux City, Iowa was created in 2001 after the completion of a freeway around Sioux City. Officially, US 75 Business is known as Iowa Highway 376, but it is never signed as such. US 75 Bus. begins at the I-29/I-129/US 20/US 75 interchange in Sioux City and follows US 75's former route through Sioux City, rejoining US 75 on the city's northern edge.
Northbound US 75 Business traffic follows I-29 southbound.
Le Mars business loop.
U.S. Route 75 Business in Le Mars, Iowa was created in 2006 after the completion of a by-pass around Le Mars. The business route begins at the Iowa Highway 3 interchange, with which the US 75 Business runs concurrently, and ends at the new US 75/Iowa 60 interchange. The portion of US 75 Business that is not concurrent with Iowa 3 is officially known as Iowa 404, but it is never signed as such.

</doc>
<doc id="20066021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066021" title="Maramar Deuta">
Maramar Deuta

Maramar Deuta is a novel written in Assamese by renowned Assamese literature and film director Dr.Bhabendra Nath Saikia. It was first published serially in several episodes in children's magazine "Xophura" also edited by then Dr.Bhabendra Nath Saikia. Although Bhabendra Nath Saikia said that the novel was meant for especially teenagers, it is still popular among all age group of readers. The novel was later translated into English by National Book Trust . Translation was done by Ashok Bhagawati and the name of the English version is "Dear Father".

</doc>
<doc id="20066084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066084" title="Modelo, Santa Catarina">
Modelo, Santa Catarina

Modelo is a city in Santa Catarina, in the Southern Region of Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20066096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066096" title="Phebe Gibbes">
Phebe Gibbes

Phebe Gibbes (died 1805) was an 18th -century English novelist and early feminist. She authored twenty-two books between 1764 and 1790, and is best known for the novels "The History of Mr. Francis Clive" (1764), "The Fruitless Repentance; or, the History of Miss Kitty Le Fever" (1769), and "The History of Miss Eliza Musgrove" (1769). She received recent attention with the scholarly publication of "Hartly House Calcutta" (1789) in 2007.
Gibbes’ Life.
Phebe Gibbes possesses one of the most elusive histories of the 18th-century women writers. Almost all of the information on Gibbes’ life is derived from an application to the Royal Literary Fund for financial support in 1804. As noted in her application, Gibbes, a widow for most of her life, married early and mothered two daughters and one son. One can conjecture that she spent part of her life in British India, as some of her novels, particularly "Hartly House", avow a markedly accurate knowledge of Indian lifestyle as perceived through contemporary records. It is also known that Gibbes’ son never returned from a military mission in India, a fact that is manifest in her later writing; she writes in the first lines of "Hartly House", “the Eastern world is, as you pronounce it, the grave of thousands”.
The financial mismanagement of Gibbes’ father-in-law, a compulsive gambler, was the eventual cause of her extreme poverty; parental neglect and a strong aversion to gambling are manifest in many of Gibbes' novels.
Writing career.
Gibbes first entered the world of English literature with an double-debut in 1764: the controversial "The Life and Adventures of Mr. Francis Clive" (1764) and the epistolary novel, "History of Lady Louisa Stroud, and the Honorable Miss Caroline Stretton" (1764). Three years after her debut, Gibbes published two novels, "The Woman of Fashion; or, the History of Lady Diana Dormer" (1767) and "The History of Miss Pittsborough" (1767), a novel especially lauded by the "Critical Review" as “chaste” and “virtuous”. Two years later, Gibbes published "The History of Miss Somerville" (1769); "The Fruitless Repentance; or, the History of Miss Kitty Le Fever" (1769), and "The History of Miss Eliza Musgrove" (1769). The "Critical Review" wrote positively of "Miss Eliza Musgrove", citing Gibbes’ novel as “equal in genius to Lennox, Brookes, and Scott.” Gibbes continued to produce novels until "Hartly House, Calcutta" in 1789; she may have created works into the 1790s, but if so they are unverified or also attributed to other writers.
Gibbes claims, in her 1804 application to the Royal Literary Fund, some 22 titles; but only 14 of Gibbes’ novels (or potential novels) are actually traceable. Like many writers of her time, she wrote anonymously, with the exception of "The Niece; or the History of Sukey Thornby" (1788), which she signed "Mrs. P. Gibbes". 
Gibbes’ writing provides descriptive accounts of her visits to India and the American continent. She names the precise titles of the servants and the exact prices of items. Her therefore provides a resource for Indologists. 
Gibbes in her later life earned her living by writing. She appears to cherish the epicurean lifestyles of the contemporary upper-class, while also critiquing the gross materialism of her era. She often describes a lush material culture, and at the same time causes her protagonist to reject that culture.
Social Protests.
Several contemporary issues surface multiple times in Gibbes’ writing: child neglect, lack of female education, acquisitiveness, gambling, and personal vanity. Many of her heroines, particularly Sophia ‘Goldborne’ – a somewhat onomastic name – are stark "contrasts" to the materialistic, indulgent culture of the time, as discussed above; and yet at the same time, appear to relish female materialism. One can see in this scene in which Gibbes creates a vivid picture of extravagance, this slightly awe-filled distaste at both the foolishness and the power involved in materialism,
One can conclude that these scenes serve to express her distaste for the ‘materialistic’ nature of some English women; and yet, Gibbes finds a "power" in this ability for women to ‘control’ their spouses or fathers through expenditure. 
Gibbes is especially known for her protests against the lack of early education for girls. Gibbes was particularly inspired by the comparatively free lifestyle for women in America, and in fact was sometimes construed as a Republican. In "Her Friendship in a Nunnery; or, The American Fugitive", the narrator, a fourteen-year-old American girl, is so well-spoken and eloquent that the "Critical Review" reviled the novel, writing, “what may not be expected from the old men and sages of , when its maidens, its babes and sucklings talk, write, and reason thus!” William Enfield, a well-regarded Unitarian minister and writer, however, applauded her novel as having, 
One must also note as particularly feministic, the accidentally bigamous marriage of Elfrida, in the eponymous novel "Elfrida", and the incredible death of Hannah, the household servant in "Mr. Francis Clive", who suffers a painful and protracted demise after imbibing a faulty "abortifacient" (abortion-inducing poultice) from an apothecary when she becomes pregnant with Clive’s child. These kinds of outrageous, yet plausible, situations left Gibbes’ novels as somewhat polemic in the time period; and, clearly, it is hardly precocious to call her an early feminist. 
The social protestation of these types of double-standards for males and females amazingly pre-dates those reactionary works of the later feminist writers, such as Mary Hays and Mary Wollstonecraft, by nearly forty years. It is unquestionable that the later feminists of the late 18th and early 19th century, particularly Wollstonecraft who reviewed Gibbes’ work with delight, were inspired in part by this prodigal 18th century author.

</doc>
<doc id="20066105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066105" title="Gabriel Gudding">
Gabriel Gudding

Gabriel Gudding (born June 16, 1966) is an American poet and essayist.
Life.
Gudding was born in a Norwegian-American part of northwestern Minnesota. 
Gudding attended The Evergreen State College, an experimental school in Olympia, Washington, Purdue University and Cornell University. He is an Associate Professor in the English Department at Illinois State University in Normal, Illinois where he was hired to teach poetry writing and poetics. His work has been translated into French, Danish, Vietnamese and Spanish. 
Gudding has given more than 80 poetry readings and lectures in Europe, the Caribbean, and America. He has published over a hundred poems and essays in periodicals such as "Harper’s Magazine", "The Nation", and "The Journal of the History of Ideas". He is the author of two books, "A Defense of Poetry" (University of Pittsburgh Press), which won the 2001 Agnes Lynch Starrett Prize, and, "Rhode Island Notebook" (Dalkey Archive Press), a 436-page poem he wrote in his car. His poetry appears in twenty anthologies, including "&Now: Best Innovative Writing" (2010), "Best American Poetry" (Scribner, 2010) and "Great American Prose Poems: From Poe to the Present" (Scribner). 
His translations from Spanish appear in anthologies such as "The Oxford Book of Latin American Poetry" (Oxford UP), "Poems for the Millennium" (University of California Press), and "The Whole Island: Six Decades of Cuban Poetry" (University of California Press)
Gudding has a daughter named Clio. Gudding practices vipassana meditation in the tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin (as taught by S. N. Goenka).
Books.
A recipient of The Nation Discovery Award, Gudding received the Agnes Lynch Starrett Poetry Prize from the University of Pittsburgh Pitt Poetry Series for his first book "A Defense of Poetry".
Gudding's second book of poetry, "Rhode Island Notebook", was published in November 2007 by Dalkey Archive Press. "Rhode Island Notebook" is a 436-page poem interlarded with essays. It was written in Gudding's car on the highways between Normal, Illinois, and Providence, Rhode Island, during 26 roundtrip journeys, and has been called by the polymathic writer and artist Alan Sondheim, "the first 21st Century classic".

</doc>
<doc id="20066121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066121" title="Andrea Aghini">
Andrea Aghini

Andrea Aghini Lombardi (born 29 December 1963 in Livorno, Tuscany) is an Italian rally driver. He won the 1992 Rallye Sanremo and took four other podium finishes in the World Rally Championship from 1992 to 1995. In 1992, he also won the Race of Champions, after beating Carlos Sainz in the semi-final and Colin McRae in the final.
Career.
Aghini began his rallying career on national events with a Peugeot 205 GTI in 1984. He debuted in the World Rally Championship driving a Renault 5 GT Turbo at his home event, the Rallye San Remo, in 1986. He retired from the rally after a turbo problem, but two years later, he won the Group N class of the event. For the 1991 season, Aghini got a contract with the Lancia-supported Jolly Club team for two WRC events; the Sanremo and the Rally Catalunya. He drove his Delta Integrale 16V to fifth place in both rallies, taking his first drivers' world championship points. 
These results earned Aghini a drive with Martini Racing, Lancia's factory team, for the following season. He finished sixth at the Tour de Corse, and then edged out his team-mate Juha Kankkunen to take his first and only world rally win in Sanremo. Aghini's second podium finish followed in Catalunya. After Lancia withdrew from the WRC, he moved back to Jolly Club to partner defending world champion Carlos Sainz. His only podium finish of the season came at the Rally Portugal, where he took third place behind Ford's François Delecour and Miki Biasion.
In 1994, Aghini partnered Kankkunen and Didier Auriol at the Toyota factory team in a few events and finished third at the Tour de Corse with a Celica Turbo 4WD. He repeated this feat in the 1995 season, driving a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 3 for the Team Mitsubishi Ralliart. With consistent results, he also equalled his career-best seventh place in the drivers' championship from 1992. Aghini then became less active in the WRC. He won the Italian Rally Championship with a Toyota Corolla WRC in 1998 and 1999. In 1998, he also finished runner-up in the European Rally Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20066124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066124" title="Michigan Tech Huskies">
Michigan Tech Huskies

Michigan Technological University's sports teams are called the Huskies. The Huskies participate in NCAA Division II as a member of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference, a member of the Central Collegiate Ski Association for men's and women's nordic skiing, and NCAA Division I Western Collegiate Hockey Association for men's ice hockey.
Men's ice hockey.
The Men's ice hockey team is the only athletic program at MTU to compete in Division I athletics. The Huskies compete in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. Michigan Tech has had a storied history from its inception in 1919, producing three national championships. The program has played in five different home arenas including the Amphidrome, Calumet Colosseum, Dee Stadium, and the MacInnes Student Ice Arena. The Husky hockey program is a charter member of the WCHA in 1951 and became a national powerhouse under the leadership of Coach John MacInnes during the 1960s, 1970s, and early 1980s. The team has won three NCAA Division I championships (1962, 1965, and 1975) and seven Western Collegiate Hockey Association championships (1962, 1965, 1969, 1971, 1974, and 1976).
The Huskies host and compete in the annual Great Lakes Invitational held in December of each year. The four-team tournament was played for the 48th year in 2012, with the Huskies defeating Western Michigan by a score of 4-0, to win their 10th GLI championship, and their first since 1980.
Football.
The football program at Tech has been around for over 80 years. They play their home games at Sherman Field. On March 18, 2003 the football program was eliminated due to budgets cuts made by the university, but through alumni funding, the program was brought back ten days later. The 2004 football season brought the Huskies into the spotlight with the winning of a GLIAC championship. The 2004 season was also a highlight for the football program due to the "Bash at the Big House," a football game played at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor against rival Grand Valley State University attempted to set an all time attendance record. The team was the 2004 GLIAC Champions.
In 1981 Head Coach Jim Kapp retired after a six year record of 41-30-2. During Kapp's first three years as coach and Ted Kearly's last three years the Huskies racked up a record of 52-12-1. In 1981 Ron Marciel was hired as head coach and stayed for only two seasons.
The winner of the annual game against Northern Michigan University is awarded the Miner's Cup.
Women's basketball.
The Women’s Basketball team started off the 2009-2010 season at number one, and stayed in the top five for the entire season. They went on to win the GLIAC Tournament, moving them on to the Elite 8 for two years in a row, this time in Missouri. The team also was ranked at number one for a large part of the season nationally. Along with this successful season, there were many records broken for Michigan Tech. These include: best winning percentage, most wins, most home wins, longest home winning streak, longest road winning streak, and best free throw percentage.
From his start in 2003 coaching the Women’s Basketball team, head coach John Barnes lead the Huskies to success. Barnes won GLIAC coach of the year in 2005-2006 and again in 2008-2009. He was also named Women’s Basketball Coaches Association Region coach of the year. Barnes holds under his belt 1 NCAA Elite 8 berth, 4 NCAA Tournament berths, 2 GLIAC North Division Championships in the 2007-2008 and 2008-2009 seasons, and 1 GLIAC Tournament Championships in the 2007-2008 season from his time with the Huskies.
Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women’s Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005. Cameron served as not only the recruitment and travel coordinator, but also coordinated the girls’ basketball summer camps. Kim Cameron will be taking over the position of head coach for the Michigan Tech Huskies for the 2010-2011 after John Barnes resigned to become assistant coach for the Badgers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Michigan Tech strongly supports their academic program. Each player on the team has at least a 3.0 grade point average. In 2009-2010, the MTU Women's Basketball team number one in the nation by the Women’s Basketball Coaches Association for an overall team grade point average. The Michigan Tech Huskies had an outstanding 3.732 GPA. This was higher than any women’s basketball team in any division.
Nordic skiing.
Like many schools in the northernmost regions of the United States MTU fields men's and women's nordic skiing. The Huskies ski teams compete in the Central Collegiate Ski Association, an NCAA ski-only athletic conference.
MTU has its own downhill ski/snowboard hill, Mont Ripley, just across Portage Lake from campus, and maintains extensive cross-country ski trails (used for mountain biking in summer).
Track and field.
One of Michigan Technological University’s Division II sports is men and women’s outdoor track and field. The women’s team came about in 1984, as an addition to the men’s team. The school also funded an indoor track and field team until 1991 but had to cut its varsity status due to lack of funding for scholarship sports. Due to renovation of Sherman Field and high cost to repair, the outdoor track was partially tore up and is not usable for track meets as of summer 2008. This means the current track team travels mostly in Minnesota, Wisconsin and the Lower Peninsula for meets, allowing them to continue a variety of competition.
Women's volleyball.
The Women’s volleyball team at Michigan Tech first started in 1975. The very first coach was Cheryl Depuydt, who also coaches the women’s basketball team at the same time as well as taught a figure skating class. Football coach Ted Kearly was the one who found her and was in dire need for a women’s athletic coach. She was the first female instructor in the athletic department. Cheryl coached both teams without any pay and it was her donation to the athletic department to get the women’s athletics developed at Michigan Tech.
MTU volleyball has qualified for the NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship Tournament seven times. The 2009 season was the last season the team qualified for the tournament. The volleyball team has had a reputation of having a great academic standing in the GLIAC conference. They have had 30 players over the past four years earn Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference All-Academic Honors.
The Huskies are coached by Matt Jennings, a former assistant coach at the University of Pittsburgh, DePaul University, and Eastern Kentucky. In his first season as coach, the 2012 team finished 12-19 overall and 7-11 conference, a 10 match and 7 match improvement respectively.
The team was coached by Orlando Gonzalez for 3 seasons (2011, 2010, 2009). Previous to coaching at Tech he coached at Rutgers University from 2005-2007. He also spent almost 10 years at head coach to an elite high-level club, USA Michigan Volleyball.
The previous coach for the Huskies was Krista Mikesch, who was a former player at Tech. She was an outstanding athlete and was an All-American setter from 1993-1996. She started all four years that she attended MTU and her freshman year she helped the Huskies to a first ever NCAA tournament bid. She coached two seasons as an assistant at Michigan Tech starting in April 1999 and then spent seven seasons as the head coach. In 2006, under Mikesch, the team recorded an overall record of 15-15. This was their best season since 2001, in which had an overall record of 18-12. Krista Mikesch resigned as head volleyball coach after the 2008 season, in which the Huskies finished with a 19-11 record. Mikesch left Tech with an overall record of 137-165 in her 11 seasons.
Cheer team.
The Tech cheer team is a Coed noncompetitive squad that stunts, dances, and cheers on the sidelines of home women's and men's basketball games, and at Sherman Field for home football games.
Fight song.
Fight Tech Fight.
Fight Tech, fight Engineers. <BR>
For banners bright Engineers.<BR>
From Northern hills, we’ll sound our cry,<BR>
We’ll ring your praises to the sky!<BR>
<BR>
Fight Tech, fight Engineers.<BR>
For right with might Engineers.<BR>
We’ll win the game in the glorious name<BR>
of the Michigan Michigan Michigan Engineers!

</doc>
<doc id="20066135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066135" title="Lust for Gold">
Lust for Gold

Lust for Gold is a 1949 American western film directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Ida Lupino, Glenn Ford and Gig Young. The film is about the legendary Lost Dutchman gold mine, starring Ford as the "Dutchman" and Lupino as the woman he loves. The historical events are seen through a framing device set in the contemporary 1940s. It was based on the book "Thunder God's Gold" by Barry Storm. Part of the film was shot on location in Arizona's Superstition Mountains.
Plot.
In modern times, a newspaper reports that "noted explorer and writer" Floyd Buckley (Hayden Rorke) claims to have discovered the location of the lost gold mine. He is approached by Barry Storm (William Prince), who believes he has some claim to it, as the Dutchman was his grandfather. Buckley brushes him off, but when he heads into the Superstition Mountains, Storm secretly follows him.
However, an unseen killer shoots Buckley, making him the fourth recent murder victim. Storm notifies Sheriff Early (Paul Ford) and his deputies Covin (Will Geer) and Walter (Jay Silverheels). Covin tells Storm more about the mine; a hundred years before, Pedro Peralta had hidden $20 million in gold in the most inaccessible of his mines, only to be killed by the Apaches for defiling a place holy to their "thunder god". His greed whetted, Storm investigates further.
A flashback follows. In 1880, Jacob "Dutchy" Walz (Glenn Ford) and his friend Wiser (Edgar Buchanan) overhear Ludi (Arthur Hunnicutt) carelessly call his companion "Peralta" (Antonio Moreno). Recognizing the name, they trail the pair into the mountains. After Ramon Peralta finds his brother's mine, Walz and Wiser gun their unwitting guides down in cold blood; then Walz treacherously shoots Wiser too.
When Walz returns to Phoenix with huge gold nuggets, the news spreads quickly. Scheming, discontented Julia Thomas (Ida Lupino) becomes acquainted with Walz, without telling him she is married to Pete (Gig Young). His suspicions of her motives are allayed by the fact that she can speak German. They soon fall in love. When she finally tells him about her husband, Walz gives her money to bribe Pete into giving her a divorce. However, Walz later learns that Julia has lied to him repeatedly. Unseen, he watches as Julia placates her husband by telling him she will soon learn the location of the mine.
Walz gives Julia directions to the treasure. Though Julia seems to care for Walz, Pete forces her to show him the map. When the couple reach the mine, Walz pins them down with his rifle. In the ensuing gunfight, Pete eventually runs out of bullets. Walz cruelly toys with them, letting them go without water. Finally, Julia stabs Pete in the back and pleads with Walz to believe she loves him. Before he can act, an earthquake triggers a rockfall that crushes her and closes the mine.
The film returns to the present. Storm has uncovered enough information that he believes he knows where the mine is. When he gets to the key landmark, he encounters Covin, who pulls a gun on him. It turns out that the deputy has been searching for the mine for twenty years and has been disposing of his competitors. A fight breaks out; Covin is about to push Storm off the mountain when a poisonous snake bites him; he falls to his death. Afterwards, Sheriff Early points out that, even with the new clue, Storm does not know the exact location and would have to dig up the entire mountainside. At that point, Storm gives up the search.

</doc>
<doc id="20066151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066151" title="Modelo">
Modelo

Modelo can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066199" title="Lady of Guardamar">
Lady of Guardamar

Lady of Guardamar ("Dama de Guardamar"), also known as the Lady of Cabezo Lucero, is a limestone female bust, 50 cm high, dated circa 400 BCE, that was discovered in fragments in the Phoenecian archaeological site of Cabezo Lucero in Guardamar del Segura in Alicante province, Spain, on September 22, 1987.
A large piece of a stone rodete (wheel headgear) was found first, at a shallow depth. There followed other fragments of the bust of an Iberian lady, and one large piece included the headdress, face and neck, which were found to have similarities to the Iberian bust, Lady of Elche. The sculpture had been hammered to fragments and even burnt in places. These fragments were taken to the laboratory of the Provincial Archaeological Museum of Alicante, where restorer Vincent Bernabeu began with washing and identifying the bits, first the chin, then the lips, then collar and chest pieces, and many other fragments that did not fit together and were not part of the carved surface. The delicate and painstaking task of restoration began in October 1987 and was completed in June 1988.
The restored sculpture is of fine-grained greyish limestone. The Lady is wearing a tunic with a round neckline.
A scalloped headband crosses the brow and connects the rodetes, which represent hollow wheels, probably of thin metal, on each side. Above the headband and rodetes the Lady wears a mantle with finely carved drapery details. The necklaces the Lady wears are each different; one is composed of seven bullae which are all the same except for the central one, which is grooved. Below it is another necklace that has larger bullae, some shaped like curved triangles and some semicircular at the bottom. The string of beads worn second from the neck has olive-shaped, spherical and flat beads, above it is a string of spherical beads with two plates at the center. In real life these beads would have been made of glassy paste, as such beads often appeared in the Albufereta excavation.
In style the Lady of Guardamar is a bit more archaic than the other contemporary Iberian sculptures Lady of Baza or the Lady of Elche, with features more Iberian. As nothing from the site is more recent than 300 BCE, and the site flourished between 430 and 350 BCE, it seems likely that the Lady dates from 400 to 370 BCE. 

</doc>
<doc id="20066210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066210" title="Li Ang">
Li Ang

Li Ang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066266" title="Iowa Highway 415">
Iowa Highway 415

Iowa Highway 415 is a short state highway that runs mostly north-to-south in central Iowa. Iowa 415 begins at U.S. Route 6 in Des Moines and ends at Iowa Highway 141 east of Granger. Prior to 2003, Iowa 415 extended north from Polk City and ended at Iowa Highway 17 south of Madrid. Now, Iowa 415 turns west at Polk City and crosses the Des Moines River at Saylorville Lake prior to ending at Iowa 141. Since the rerouting in 2003, the northern terminus for Iowa 415 is now farther south than its northernmost point in Polk City.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 415 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 6, which runs along Euclid Avenue, in Des Moines. Iowa 415 heads north along Second Avenue through Des Moines' Highland Park neighborhood. It exits Des Moines and enters Saylor Township, where it passes a Firestone Tire and Rubber Company factory and intersects Interstate 35 / Interstate 80. Iowa 415 continues north as a four-lane divided highway and passes the Margo Frankel Woods State Park. Just east of Saylorville, Iowa 415 intersects NE 66 Avenue at a diamond interchange.
On the southern edge of Ankeny, Iowa 415 turns west at the intersection of State Street and Oralabor Road, which is also the western end of Iowa Highway 160. The highway goes west for before turning to the north and reaching the access road to the Saylorville Lake causeway. Iowa 415 stays about one mile (1.6 km) east and north of Saylorville Lake coast, following the general northwest angle of the lake. Along the northern coast of the lake, Iowa 415 provides marina and beach access for those seeking recreation.
At Polk City, Iowa 415 turns to the west along West Bridge Road, which becomes NW 112 Avenue as it leaves Polk City and turns to the southwest. NW 112 Avenue crosses Saylorville Lake over the Mile Long Bridge. Northbound Iowa 415, heading southwest, intersects NW Beaver Drive just west of the western coast. It continues south and west for where it ends at a trumpet interchange with Iowa Highway 141 in Jefferson Township, east of Granger.
History.
Iowa Highway 415 was designated in 1959, first appearing on state maps in 1960, as a spur route from Des Moines to Polk City. It was created from an abandoned segment of Iowa Highway 60, which had been relocated to the west. In the early 1980s, it was extended north from Polk City to south of Madrid, on Iowa Highway 17. This route stayed the same until 2003 when it was rerouted from Polk City across Saylorville Lake to a new interchange at Iowa Highway 141.

</doc>
<doc id="20066268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066268" title="Pacific University Health Professions Campus">
Pacific University Health Professions Campus

The Pacific University Health Professions Campus is a satellite campus of Pacific University located in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Opened in 2006, the campus contains the school's College of Health Professions with plans to move Pacific's College of Optometry and School of Professional Psychology in later phases. Housed in two brick buildings, the campus is located in the city's Health and Education District and adjacent to the Tuality Hospital/Southeast 8th Avenue light rail station. The campus of Tuality Community Hospital is across Baseline Street to the south.
History.
In March 2005, Pacific University’s board of trustees decided to build a new campus in Hillsboro to house the college’s healthcare related programs. In May 2005, the university purchased a half-acre of land from Tuality Healthcare next to Tuality Hospital for the campus. Plans called for an initial building to cost $30 million followed by a building, both constructed over a three- to five-year period. The Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center in Hillsboro was also to move into the building.
The decision to move these programs from the main Forest Grove campus was made to move the programs closer to hospitals the programs had relationships with such as Oregon Health & Sciences University and Tuality Hospital. The move also allowed the university to have students closer to patients and to allow for the College of Liberal Arts to expand and its main campus. Pacific balanced a need to expand closer to health care partners and its longstanding relationship with Forest Grove. Pacific partnered with the federal government, the city of Hillsboro, health care providers, Washington County, and private developers.
The second phase of the campus was expected to cost $45 million and have of space, built on a second half-acre parcel the school purchased an option to from Tuality. Pacific’s psychology and optometry schools would relocate to the campus once the second phase was built. Once both parts were completed the campus was expected to have 1,300 students and approximately 150 faculty or staff.
On August 9, 2005, a groundbreaking was held at the site and construction began with Lease Crutcher Lewis as the general contractor. In August 2006, the initial building of the campus was completed. Prior to opening, residents of the area raised concerns about adequate parking for the campus. These concerns led the city and university to seek state funding to build a parking garage estimated to cost $16 million. Once built, the 500 space garage would be owned by the city and would allow Pacific to complete the second phase of construction on the campus. Oregon gave the school lottery backed bonds in the amount of $7 million to help finance construction.
The first campus building was awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design gold status in December 2007. Future plans call for three additional structures on the campus. A second building was approved for a location north of the first building by the city after a variance was needed to the local zoning code. Neighbors objected to the structure and lost an appeal to the Oregon Land Use Board of Appeals (LUBA) concerning the four-story building. In November 2008, the Oregon Court of Appeals affirmed the LUBA decision, with the land cleared by December. Construction of the structure was planned to begin in 2009 with completion in early 2010. The school plans to open a third building in 2014, and in ten years a fourth building planned to be built on the site of part of the Miller Education Center.
Construction of the parking garage, the Hillsboro Intermodal Transit Facility, began in 2009 and will include electric vehicle charging stations and a secure bike facility that has lockers and showers. The original building on campus was dedicated as Phillip D. Creighton Hall in July 2009. Creighton had been the president of Pacific when the campus was developed. In August 2010, the second building on campus opened, and the area around the campus became part of Hillsboro's Health and Education District. A doctoral program for audiology was added in 2012, housed in Tuality Healthcare's 7th Avenue Medical Plaza a few blocks from the university's campus.
Details.
Programs at the campus are part of the College of Health Professions. The student body includes both graduate and undergraduate students, totaling 650 as of 2007. Pacific offers programs in dental health, pharmacy, occupation therapy, and physical therapy among others at the campus. Other schools located at the campus include the School of Physician Assistant Studies and part of the School of Professional Psychology, along with a masters program in healthcare administration. The building also houses psychology, optometry, dental health, and physical therapy clinics where students receive hands-on training.
Plans for the second building include a wellness center with programs to include psychology and optometry. A total of four buildings and a parking garage are planned for the campus, with the garage a joint project with the city and hospital. The campus includes a library. A nursing program may eventually be added to the campus. Pacific expects the campus to have around 1,000 students once the first three buildings are opened, with about 350 students enrolled in 2009.
Building.
The first building, a five-story structure, was designed by SRG Partnership. This building was named as Phillip D. Creighton Hall in 2009 after retired school president Phillip Creighton. Costing $30 million to build, it includes cantilevered shades on the windows, a rainwater collection system used to provide non-potable water for toilets, an advanced HVAC system, and the building is aligned in a north-south orientation. The building exterior consists of orange brick and silver-colored metal siding. The Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center occupies on the first two floors of the structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20066312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066312" title="Out of My Intention">
Out of My Intention

Out of My Intention () is a 2008 South Korean short film written and directed by Yoo Ji-tae. It is the third short film by actor-turned-director Yoo, and the first of his films to receive a public release. Lee Dae-yeon and Jo An star as the film's only characters.
Plot summary.
An unnamed middle-aged man (Lee Dae-yeon) drives listlessly through downtown Seoul on a downcast summer afternoon, with the view outside, periodically glimpsed through the car windows, fuzzy and blurred. Sitting in the passenger seat next to him is Ok-gyeong (Jo An), a young woman some twenty years younger than he is. Although their dialogue is scarcely distinguishable with regard to its content, the two are engaged in a typical lover's quarrel. The woman is desperate to talk through their problems, but the man remains silent. Their drive along the highway is interrupted by memories of the past, which include dates taken by the lovers in the countryside, and surreal fantasy scenes where Ok-gyeong has her face painted like a mime artist.
Production and casting.
"Out of My Intention" is the third directorial project by Yoo Ji-tae, following his earlier short films "Bike Boy" and "How Does the Blind Dream". Regarding the brevity and ambiguity afforded by the short film format, Yoo said, "If I had made the film into a full feature, I would have had to give all of the sundry reasons and episodes about their initial relationships". Actor Lee Dae-yeon admitted to being "a bit baffled" by the film's script, but felt compelled to take the part after Yoo told him it had been written with him in mind.
Themes and interpretations.
Like Yoo's earlier shorts, the central theme in "Out of My Intention" is one of love. The film is a blend of past and present; though the two characters talk to each other constantly, the camera almost never captures them together in one frame. The man is actually "driving down memory lane" and reminiscing about his first love, his thoughts conjuring her back to life. While he has grown old and weary, Ok-gyeong remains young in his heart, suggesting that first love never dies.
Release.
The press preview for "Out of My Intention" received an unusual level of interest, much to the surprise of director Yoo Ji-tae. The first of his films to be released theatrically, it opened on March 20, 2008 at the Gwanghwamun Spongehouse in Seoul, where it was given a limited screening. At the South Korean box office, "Out of My Intention" peaked at 42 over its opening weekend, and as of April 6, 2008, it had grossed a total of .
In June 2008, "Out of My Intention" was screened at the Short Shorts Film Festival in Tokyo, where director Yoo won the Special Mention Award. It later competed at the Mise en scène Short Film Festival, held from June to July 2008, the New York Korean Film Festival in August 2008, the Vancouver International Film Festival from September to October 2008, and the Asiana International Short Film Festival in November 2008.
Critical response.
Lee Hyo-won of "The Korea Times" described "Out of My Intention" as an "audiovisual poem," albeit a "rough draft," and noted the director's "ability to orchestrate subtle emotions" in spite of the film's short running time, going on to say, "Yoo takes full advantage of the film medium, creating an ambiance from what is included and excluded in the mise-en-scene." The review also praised the contribution of the cast, saying, "Lee gives the film a nice gravitational pull, weighing down the fluffy parts, while fresh actress Jo An... embodies youthful vigor and beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="20066316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066316" title="Fruita Schoolhouse">
Fruita Schoolhouse

The Fruita Schoolhouse is located in Fruita, Utah. The Behunin family, early settlers of the Capitol Reef area, donated the land in 1892. For over a decade the school had a dirt roof and in 1935 the bare walls were chinked in. Elijah Cutler Behunin donated the land for the school and his daughter, Nettie Behunin, was the school's first teacher. In 1895 the school became part of the Junction School Precinct and remained a functional grade school until 1941. From 1941 until its induction into the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973, the building was unoccupied.

</doc>
<doc id="20066318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066318" title="Herbert Jenner">
Herbert Jenner

Herbert Jenner (born 23 February 1806 at Mayfair, London; died 30 July 1904 at Falfield, Gloucestershire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1838. He changed his name to Herbert Jenner-Fust in 1864.
Life.
Herbert Jenner was the eldest son of the judge Herbert Jenner-Fust, Dean of the Arches. He was educated at Eton, where he was first noted as a schoolboy cricketer playing against Harrow School in 1822, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. In 1827, he captained Cambridge University in the inaugural university match played at Lord's Cricket Ground.
Jenner was an all-rounder who was right-handed as both batsman and bowler. He was an underarm bowler but his pace is unknown. He kept wicket when not bowling and is said to have been one of the "finest amateur wicketkeepers". 
In the 1820s, Jenner did not wear gloves or pads while keeping wicket. These protections were gradually introduced in response to the development of roundarm bowling from 1827. Until then, the role of the wicketkeeper had been "offensive" rather than "defensive" in that he was primarily concerned with looking for stumping chances, but the increased pace of roundarm forced wicketkeepers to improve their ability to stop the ball and so prevent byes. By 1836, the Kent wicketkeeper Ned Wenman was using gloves but it is not known if Jenner himself adopted them in the latter part of his career. 
In first-class cricket, he was associated with Cambridge University, Kent and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). He played for several predominantly amateur teams including the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. 
Jenner made 36 known appearances in first-class matches from 1825 to 1838. He scored 842 runs with a highest score of 75. He is credited with 75 wickets (i.e., bowled only) including a best performance of 7 in an innings; he took five wickets in an innings on at least five occasions. As a wicketkeeper, he took 24 catches and made 17 stumpings.

</doc>
<doc id="20066358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066358" title="Dorylaeus">
Dorylaeus

Dorylaeus (early 1st century BC), was a commander in the Kingdom of Pontus who served under Mithridates the Great. Dorylaeus reinforced Archelaus with eighty thousand fresh troops after the latter's loss at Battle of Chaeronea. Dorylaeus wanted to bring about a battle with Sulla right away, but changed his mind after a skirmish with Roman troops.

</doc>
<doc id="20066376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066376" title="A Delicate Balance">
A Delicate Balance

A Delicate Balance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066379" title="Readers Choice Award">
Readers Choice Award

"Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine" ("EQMM") honors authors each year as voted upon by readers, hence the name, Readers Choice Award. Recipients include many of the most popular authors of thrillers and mysteries.
Presentation.
Awards are bestowed in April of the following year, coinciding with the annual Mystery Writers of America conference, at an informal ceremony sponsored by Dell Publishing.
Records.
Edward D. Hoch, who contributed a story each month, had so many stories nominated, they kept him from taking first place until 2007. He received notification shortly before his death.
Clark Howard often won first place and placed second or third in the same year.
Doug Allyn has won more often than any other author.
Leigh Lundin (under the pseudonym L. Leigh) in 2006 became the first first-time writer to take first place in a major Ellery Queen award.
Dale Andrews, a student of the Ellery Queen canon, became the first to place with an Ellery Queen story.

</doc>
<doc id="20066386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066386" title="PDCurses">
PDCurses

PDCurses is a public domain curses programming library for DOS, Windows, X11 and SDL. While development of the original curses library halted in the mid-1990s, the development of ncurses and PDcurses continued. PDcurses implements most of the functions available in the original X/Open and System V R4 curses. Development started in 1987 to support the editor THE. It supports many compilers for these platforms. The X11 port lets one recompile existing text-mode curses programs to produce native X11 applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20066387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066387" title="Zachary Hansen">
Zachary Hansen

Zachary Hansen is the former drummer for such Newark, Delaware bands as Jake and the Stiffs, Medicine Man (and the sexy new illusion), Raised on Sugar and Spindrift, among other appearances on numerous Mid-Atlantic region recordings with such bands as The Stone Road Stalkers, Blue Water, and The Sonny Mishra Project. In 1993 Zachary along with partner Eric Teather founded Manic Music Recording Studio, recording such acts a Ellemmenno, Spindrift, and Homegrown. In 1994 he founded one of the first mp3 websites featuring free music and news, drophit.com. Hansen went on to own and operate a dot com data company based in Las Vegas, Nevada and is currently writing/recording music with Former Jake and The Stiffs front man Randy America As of 2103 he is now serving as the Director of Connected Devices for Music Choice.
Jake and the Stiffs.
Hansen is the second drummer, coming into the lineup in 1991, after Randy America relocated the project Punk Rock band, Jake and the Stiffs, from Detroit to Newark, Delaware. Hansen has appeared on numerous Jake and the Stiffs recordings including Love So Deep and Steal This Record. Hansen left the band in 1994, and later returned to the lineup for random reunion appearances and recordings.
Spindrift.
Hansen is the second drummer of the music line-up of the neo-psychedelic rock band Spindrift, stepping in after Paul Budd and Chris Andrews left the band in 1999. Along with members Rob Campanella, Bobby Bones (from Psychic TV), Dave Koenig and band leader Kirpatrick Thomas, the band took on a new music direction to that of their original experimental style, playing psychedelic music inspired by the spirit of the Old West as mythologized by Western Cinema; Spaghetti Westerns in particular. As a member of Spindrift, Zachary appeared on the 2001 release 'We Come From the United States', recorded and produced by Bon Jovi writer/producer Bill Grabowski.
In 2002 Zachary relocated to Las Vegas to re-join the Spindrift members. During this time he recorded with Kirpatrick Thomas on the 2007 Spindrift release Songs From The Ancient Age, which featured new material along with material from earlier recordings Kirpatrick and Hansen had done together.
Other projects.
That same year Hansen discovered a somewhat unknown band traveling through the Vegas scene known as The Killers. The band frequented such venues as the Double Down Saloon, The Rock, and The Palupa Lounge. After much convincing, the band was offered an opening gig with The Brian Jonestown Massacre in Las Vegas and was subsequently signed to Lizard Records (now renamed Marrakesh Records).

</doc>
<doc id="20066404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066404" title="Steve Constanzo">
Steve Constanzo

Steve Costanzo (born January 22, 1988 in Ingham, Queensland) is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Townsville Heat in the Queensland Basketball League. Costanzo played one game for the Townsville Crocodiles in 2008, before a foot injury forced him out for the rest of the 2008-09 NBL season.

</doc>
<doc id="20066429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066429" title="1914 in chess">
1914 in chess

Events in chess in 1914:

</doc>
<doc id="20066447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066447" title="Storfjorden">
Storfjorden

Storfjorden or Storfjord (meaning "big fjord" in Norwegian) may refer to several places in Norway:

</doc>
<doc id="20066461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066461" title="Dare Foods">
Dare Foods

Dare Foods, Limited is a Canada-based food manufacturing company. They have seven factories in Canada and the United States. Their products are distributed in North America and at least 25 other countries.
The founder of Dare Foods, Charles H. Doerr, started off in 1892 by making and selling cookies and candies in a small grocery shop in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. By 1919 he created the C.H. Doerr Company that distributed his goods within the Ontario area. In 1941, Charles’ grandson, Carl Doerr, took over the business and legally changed the name to “Dare” because it was easier to pronounce. Dare products became more popular Canada-wide and in the U.S. in 1956.
Products.
Dare is known for adopting the resealable, “tin tie” packaging, for their cookies, that was originally used for coffee. This bag guaranteed freshness and soon became the standard packaging for cookies across Canada.
Dare continued to grow rapidly by expanding their product lines and starting new trends in the food industry. Some of their lines include: Breton crackers, RealFruit Gummies, Bremner Biscuits, Culinar “fine bread,” and Grissol chocolate-coated cookies. Due to the recent awareness of nut allergies, Dare declared all of its facilities to be “peanut free.” They were one of the first large food manufacturers in Canada to do this.
The following is a list of traditional products they make:
Dare tries to provide snacks for families. A few of their new promoted products are:
Contact Information.
Dare Foods Ltd. still has its head office in Kitchener, Ontario, where Charles H. Doerr first started his shop. They have an English service phone number and a French number.

</doc>
<doc id="20066464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066464" title="Rock Mill, Washington">
Rock Mill, Washington

Rock Mill is a Grade II listed smock mill at Washington, West Sussex, England which has been converted to residential use.
History.
Rock Mill was built in 1823. The mill was working at the outbreak of the First World War but was converted to a house in about 1919, using the machinery as decoration. The composer John Ireland bought the mill in 1953 and died there in 1962. The mill is currently used as offices.
Description.
"Rock Mill" is a three-storey smock mill on a single-storey base, formerly carrying a beehive cap winded by a fantail. It had four Patent sails and drove three pairs of millstones (two pairs French Burr and one pair of Peak stones).

</doc>
<doc id="20066465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066465" title="Emil Pfeiffer">
Emil Pfeiffer

Emil Pfeiffer (1 March 1846 in Wiesbaden – 13 July 1921 in Wiesbaden) was a German physician and paediatrician.
He studied medicine at the universities of Bonn, Würzburg, and Berlin. It was at Berlin where he received his doctorate in 1869.
As a paediatrician he dealt with issues of infant nutrition, campaigned for the establishment of children's homes and crèches. He is known for describing infectious mononucleosis (also known as "mono," "glandular fever," and "kissing disease"), an Epstein-Barr virus-induced infectious disease of the lymphatic tissue that also bears his name - "Pfeiffer's disease".

</doc>
<doc id="20066483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066483" title="Pomeranian Coarsewool Sheep">
Pomeranian Coarsewool Sheep

The Pomeranian Coarsewool Sheep or Pomeranian Sheep () is an old domestic sheep breed from the Pomerania region. The first records of similar sheep in Pomerania can be traced to more than 3000 years ago. This breed is raised primarily for meat and vegetation management.
Characteristics.
This breed is polled (hornless), and has a black head with slate-blue or grey wool on the body – lambs are born wholly black. The legs are also covered with wool, and the tongue is blue. The fleece has shorter hairs amongst the longer wool.
The breed is very hardy and is able to live outside all year, even raising lambs in the snow. The sheep thrive on poor forage.
Ewes average around in weight, and rams about . The fleece ranges from .
History.
Initially, this breed was called "Grauwollschafe" ("greywool sheep"), which in time changed to "Rauhwollshafe" ("coarsewool sheep") by dropping the first letter. The breed almost vanished in the second half of the 20th century, when the population dropped below 100 and it was placed on the Red List of endangered livestock breeds. The population has since recovered somewhat.

</doc>
<doc id="20066498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066498" title="Shenzhen Bay Control Point">
Shenzhen Bay Control Point

Shenzhen Bay Control Point (Chinese: 深圳灣管制站) is a Hong Kong immigration control point on its border with mainland China. It is housed in the same building with its mainland Chinese counterpart, the Shenzhen Bay Port. 
Located geographically in Dongjiaotou, Shekou on the southwestern corner of the city of Shenzhen in the Guangdong Province of mainland China, the Shenzhen Bay Control Point is the only border control point where co-location clearance is practised. The Hong Kong portion of the building and its adjacent open area, together with the Western Corridor Bridge, are leased to Hong Kong and made within Hong Kong's jurisdiction for an initial period until 30 June 2047. As such, Hong Kong laws apply, instead of PRC laws.
It is connected to Ngau Hom Shek, Yuen Long District, New Territories, Hong Kong through the Hong Kong-Shenzhen Western Corridor. It was commissioned on 1 July 2007.
The co-location of immigration and customs facilities with the mainland counterpart, the Shenzhen Bay Port, allows passengers and vehicles for departure and arrival clearance to take place within a short distance. 
Electricity on the Hong Kong part of the building is supplied by Hong Kong's CLP Power. It is also covered by Hong Kong's mobile phone and fixed-line telephone networks.
The control point is surrounded by mainland China and the closed area without being contiguously attached to another part of Hong Kong, except the bridge. Because it is a leased territory, it is legally part of Guangdong Province and thus not an exclave of Hong Kong. However, it is administered as a part of Hong Kong SAR and the Hong Kong Government exercises full jurisdiction within the area.
Closed Area.
Like all other immigration control points located along the land border of Hong Kong, Shenzhen Bay Control Point lies within the Closed Area. Vehicles other than taxis require a Closed Road Permit to get in.
Operation hours.
The border is open from 6:30 am to midnight daily.
While the border closes at midnight, the bridge from Hong Kong to the border stops accepting cars at 11:30 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="20066508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066508" title="Thysanoplusia orichalcea">
Thysanoplusia orichalcea

Thysanoplusia orichalcea, known as the Slender burnished brass, Golden Plusia or Soybean looper (though technically not a member of the Looper moth family), is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is polyphagous pest of vegetable crops that originated in Indonesia, from where it spread to Europe, India, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. In northern Europe it is a migrant species.
The wingspan is 36–44 mm. The moth flies from August to October, depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants, including crops such as Sunflower, Potato and Soybean. In managing their population, phenylacetaldehyde, a volatile floral compound attractive to many Lepidoptera and present in Canada thistle, was found to be effective in trapping especially the females of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="20066511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066511" title="Flubber (material)">
Flubber (material)

Flubber (named from the film "The Absent-Minded Professor"), Gluep, Glurch, Silly Putty, or Slime are common names referring to a rubbery polymer formed by cross-linking of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) with a boron compound. Making flubber from polyvinyl-alcohol-based adhesives, such as Elmer's Glue, and borax can be done as an elementary science education experiment.
Reaction.
The gelation process entails formation of a borate ester that crosslinks the chains of the PVA. Borate esters form readily by condensation of hydroxyl groups and the B-OH groups.
Properties.
Flubber is a non-Newtonian fluid that flows under low stress, but breaks under higher stresses and pressures. This combination of fluid-like and solid-like properties makes it a Maxwell solid. Its behavior can also be described as being viscoplastic or gelatinous.

</doc>
<doc id="20066515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066515" title="Spiny turbot">
Spiny turbot

The spiny turbots are a family, Psettodidae, of relatively large, primitive flatfish found in the tropical waters of the east Atlantic and Indo-Pacific. The family contains just three species, all in the same genus, Psettodes. The common name comes from the presence of spines in the dorsal and anal fins, which may indicate an evolutionary relationship with the Perciformes. They are less asymmetrical than other flatfish, although the region around the eyes is twisted.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="20066525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066525" title="Between the Lines (Evermore song)">
Between the Lines (Evermore song)

"Between the Lines" is the first single by Evermore, taken from their third studio album "". Evermore's Jon Hume said that "Between the Lines was the first song to come out of a search for a new musical experience as a band." It was released as a free download on Evermore's official website on 10 November 2008.
The song failed to chart in Australia and New Zealand as it was not physically released as a single by the band, it was more of a teaser of the bands new musical direction on their new album. The song however has become a favourite amongst fans and is now a staple song in the band's live setlist.
Music video.
A music video has been made for the single. The band stated that they had grown tired of miming in their previous music videos, and therefore, they made this video such that the audio you hear was recorded whilst the video was shot.
The TV screens shown in the back of shot are being used again by the band as part of their new high-tech live setup that they are taking with them to every show on their current Australian tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20066543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066543" title="Michael Porter (professional wrestling)">
Michael Porter (professional wrestling)

Michael Porter (born Kim Michael Porter, January 14, 1951 – October 23, 2010) was an American professional wrestling ring announcer and internet radio host.
Porter was born in Gridley, California, and began his career in 1969 in the San Francisco Bay Area and Sacramento region working under the guidance of legendary promoters Roy Shire, Louie Miller and Terry Garvin. Porter was best known for working as a house show ring announcer for the World Wrestling Federation (now World Wrestling Entertainment) from 1988 to 1993 (mostly on the west coast, including the historic Cow Palace in San Francisco, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Arena - now Oracle Arena - in Oakland and ARCO Arena - now Sleep Train Arena - in Sacramento). He worked security at "WrestleMania VII" at the Los Angeles Sports Arena in 1991.
He had announced for such independent feds such as the United Wrestling Alliance (Marysville, California) in 2002-2003, Pro Championship Wrestling (Oroville, California) in 2006 and Devil Mountain Wrestling (Martinez, California) in 2007-2008. Porter hosted a pro wrestling interview program "Michael Porter's WrestleShoot", which started as a weekend radio show on Marysville, California, radio station KMYC-AM 1410 and aired there during 2004 and 2005. The show was later broadcast on the internet radio network, Blog Talk Radio. Porter interviewed varying levels of talent from independent stars to members of the WWE Hall of Fame. He also co-hosted the popular Cloverleaf Radio on the same channel.
Porter remained close friends with many WWE stars like Rowdy Roddy Piper, Koko B. Ware, Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka, Honky Tonk Man and Mean Gene Okerlund.
Porter died on October 23, 2010, at his home in Hollywood, California. He was suffering through various health problems from obesity to diabetes and was a two-time cancer survivor.
Good friends of Porter's, internet radio host Wacko Bob (Robert Guercia) & indy pro wrestler Rick Ryder would reunite with their old wrestling internet radio show "The Dark Match" on Blog Talk Radio and pay tribute to him only a few days after his death with The Stro and Bill Apter as guests on the show.
Return of "Michael Porter's WrestleShoot".
On October 23, 2012, exactly two years after his death, "Michael Porter's WrestleShoot" returned to Blog Talk Radio with close friends Mike Summers (now of KMVU-TV in Medford, Oregon) and Paula Jo Schaber as hosts and producers. The program airs on Sundays on BTR and also spawned a spin-off program called RollerShoot, a program devoted to roller derby.

</doc>
<doc id="20066564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066564" title="Lebanon Branch">
Lebanon Branch

Lebanon Branch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066569" title="Chrysodeixis acuta">
Chrysodeixis acuta

The Tunbridge Wells Gem "(Chrysodeixis acuta)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in North Africa as well as the on Canary Islands eastwards to Australasia.
The wingspan is 35–45 mm.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Barley, Linseed and Sorghum.

</doc>
<doc id="20066573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066573" title="Blake Shinn">
Blake Shinn

Blake Shinn (born 26 September 1987) is an Australian jockey, whose first big win was the 2008 Melbourne Cup on Viewed.
Shinn grew up in Kilmore, Victoria being born to a family of saddlers.
He was the winner of the Racing Victoria Limited 2005 Scobie Breasley Medal.
On Melbourne Cup day 2010, Blake Shinn missed his ride in the cup on Precedence, after a fall in Race 3 at Flemington resulted in him being taken to hospital. He was replaced by James Winks.

</doc>
<doc id="20066588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066588" title="Geriatric neurology">
Geriatric neurology

Geriatric neurology is the branch of medicine that studies neurologic disorders in elderly.
Origin.
In 1991 Advanced Fellowship Program in Geriatric Neurology was started by the Department of Veterans Affairs. Many veterans suffered from neurodegenerative changes such as Alzheimer's disease, Lewy Body dementia, Parkinson's disease, vascular dementia, and other age related central nervous system changes. The implications for family caregivers and the healthcare system were enormous. So the Geriatric Neurology Fellowship Program developed a cadre of physicians for academic leadership in this complex, interdisciplinary field.
The subspecialty of Geriatric neurology is defined by its expertise in the diagnosis, treatment, and care of neurological conditions that affect elderly and by its unique body of knowledge regarding the aging nervous system, its vulnerability to specific neurological disorders, and its influence on the prevalence and expression of neurological disease. Neurologists are called with increasing frequency to provide care for older adults. As the number of elderly in the population increases, there will be a concomitant increase in the prevalence of acute and chronic neurological disorders associated with advancing age. Through training fellowships, the neurological community will endeavor to master, codify and transfer the knowledge and skills to effectively care for the elderly with neurological disorders. Behavioral Neurology Clinic at the Perlman Ambulatory Care Center.
The Geriatric Neurology Section of the American Academy of Neurology increases awareness of, and fosters interest and expertise in, issues of geriatric neurology in the areas of patient care, research, education, and public policy, and enhances the role of neurologists in geriatric training programs.
Training & education programs.
Fellowships for training on geriatric neurology were established.
The Veterans Affair Geriatric Neurology Fellowship Program provides two years of post-residency research, education, and clinical learning opportunities to eligible physician neurologists. Graduates are expected to be role models in leading, developing, conducting, and evaluating innovative research, education, and clinical care in the field of geriatric neurology.
The American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Foundation and the Alzheimer's Association established a two-year Clinical Research Training Fellowship in Alzheimer's disease research. The fellowship is supported by the AAN Foundation and the Alzheimer's Association.
The American Academy of Neurology offers a prize for Research in Pick's, Alzheimer's, and Related Diseases.
The American Academy of Neurology offers an award for research in Geriatric Neurology.
Clinical courses and books on geriatric neurology are available.
A journal dedicated to geriatric neurology & psychiatry was issued.
Organisation & societies.
The Geriatric Neurology Section of the American Academy of Neurology was organized in 1989 to increase awareness of and foster interest and expertise in issues of geriatric neurology in the areas of patient care, research, education, and public policy, and to enhance the role of neurologists in geriatric training programs.
The United Council for Neurologic Subspecialties (UCNS) has approved geriatric neurology as its seventh subspecialty in May 2007.
Geriatric Neurology Related Societies 

</doc>
<doc id="20066611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066611" title="John Carter (evangelist)">
John Carter (evangelist)

John Carter is a Seventh-day Adventist Christian evangelist known especially for his work in Russia. His presentation is known as the "Carter Report", and he is a leading figure within the Adventist church. He is married to Beverley L. Carter.
Biography.
John Carter was born in Australia. He ran a mission in Melbourne in 1980. In 1989, the Carter Report television studio in Newbury Park, California was dedicated.
Work in Communist Countries.
A 1990 crusade was attended by thousands of people. In 1991 a small mission was held in Moscow, the capital of the formerly Communist country of Russia. 100 people were baptized and joined the church. In 1992, 2500 were baptized in an outreach in the city of Nizhny Novgorod. Meetings there in the following year brought in 1200 people to the Adventist church. Another series in 1994 saw 8000 conversions to Christianity. Later, 1300 joined the Adventist church through his work. In 1995, he ran meetings in Ukraine's capital Kiev. 52,000 attended, and 2819 joined the Adventist church. There were city officials that harassed attenders at that evangelistic meeting.
Other Outreach Work.
A Los Angeles, California campaign in 1999 saw 100 people join the church. In 1998, the former First Secretary of the local Communist Party of the Nizhny Novgorod was converted through Carter's ministry. Another series in Ukraine in 2001 was attended by 25,000 at its opening.
The Carter Report.
In 1996, the Carter Report won two Silver Angel Awards from Excellence In Media. The Tenth Carter Report occurred in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20066638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066638" title="Chrysodeixis subsidens">
Chrysodeixis subsidens

The Australian Cabbage Looper "(Chrysodeixis subsidens)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is ca. 30 mm.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Cabbage, Brassica, Tomato, Solanaceae and Silver Beet.

</doc>
<doc id="20066643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066643" title="Te Rehunga">
Te Rehunga

Te Rehunga is a rural locality located in the Tararua District of southern Hawke's Bay, New Zealand. Known today for its sheep and dairy farming, Te Rehunga is adjacent to the agricultural service towns of Dannevirke and Woodville, and borders the eastern slopes of the Ruahine Range. Local education is provided by Ruahine primary school, with older students attending the nearby Dannevirke High School. The other primary school in Te Rehunga, Rua Roa, was closed in 2003 and the student population transferred to Ruahine School.
Local history.
The area was settled originally by Māori "iwi" (tribes), primarily members of the Rangitāne and Ngāti Kahungunu. A nearby marae, or "meeting house", is the famous Makirikiri Marae in Dannevirke. There is a strong Māori presence in Te Rehunga, and the Māori continue to play a vital role in the culture and community at large. European settlement in the region began with the arrival of Scandinavian settlers, brought in to begin logging the old-growth timber in the region known as the "Seventy-Mile Bush" (from Norsewood south to what is now Eketahuna). To this day, Te Rehunga retains some significant vestiges of the original Danish settlement, including descendants of the Danish and Norwegian families.
Today.
The Te Rehunga area, although affected by the expected closure of the nearby PPCS Oringi meat-processing plant, continues to slowly progress economically, due in part to its proximity to the Ruahine Forest Parks, as well as adjacent to the busy SH2 national highway linking Auckland and Wellington via Hawke's Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20066644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066644" title="1954 European Aquatics Championships">
1954 European Aquatics Championships

The 1954 LEN European Aquatics Championships were held 31 August – 5 September in Turin, Italy. In swimming, butterfly events were contested for the first time; 100 m for women and 200 m for men.

</doc>
<doc id="20066670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066670" title="Juraj Amšel">
Juraj Amšel

Juraj Amšel (born 17 December 1924) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Yugoslav team which was eliminated in the second round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played two matches.
Four years later he was a squad member of the Yugoslav Olympic team in the 1952 tournament but did not play in a match. Again in 1956 he was a squad member but did not play a single match in the 1956 tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20066677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066677" title="The Secret of the Iron Door">
The Secret of the Iron Door

The Secret of the Iron Door (, translit. Tayna zheleznoy dveri) is a 1970 Soviet children's film directed by Mikhail Yuzovsky after a screenplay by Aleksandr Rejzhevsky loosely based on a story "Wizard walked through the city" by Yuri Tomin. Produced by Gorky Film Studio. Runtime - 69 min.
Cinematography by Vitaly Grishin. Music by Vadim Gamaleya, lyrics by Evgeny Agranovich. Artists - Lyudmila Bezsmertnova, Aleksander Vagichev. Editing by Yanina Bogolepova. Costumes by M. Tomashevskaya.
Plot summary.
Fourth form boy Tolik Ryizhkov (Evaldas Mikaliunas) is a naughty child and fibber. Once he received a box of magic matches while hiding behind the iron door of a transformer booth. Every match, when broken, can act like a magic wand but just once.
A boy with his two friends and a dog find themselves on an island of an evil wizard (Sergei Yevsyunin) of their age, who found the equal box of matches and used them to create his own little egocentric world.
The young wizard put Tolik's friends in prison and is trying to make Tolik as evil as himself. But Tolik stays faithful to his friendship and rescues his friends without the help of any magic.

</doc>
<doc id="20066679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066679" title="Ciarán O'Boyle">
Ciarán O'Boyle

Ciarán O'Boyle (born 1984) is a rugby union player for Munster in the Magners League. He plays on the wing. He won 2 caps for Munster and scored 2 tries but was released after the 2009/10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20066722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066722" title="Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea">
Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea

Officially known as the Treaty between Australia and the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea (CMATS), the treaty provides for the equal distribution of revenue derived from the disputed Greater Sunrise oil and gas field between Australia and East Timor. The field is located in the Timor Gap where Australia and East Timor have overlapping claims over the continental shelf or seabed. Prior to the treaty, East Timor would only have received about 18% of the revenue from the field.
CMATS also puts on hold the right by both countries to claim sovereign rights, discuss maritime boundaries or engage in any legal process in relation to maritime boundaries or territorial jurisdiction for 50 years which is the duration the treaty is in effect.
CMATS is one of three treaties concerning the exploitation of gas and petroleum in the Timor Gap and is to be "read together" with the other two treaties, namely the Timor Sea Treaty of 2002 and the Sunrise International Unitization Agreement (Sunrise UIA) of 2003.
CMATS was signed in Sydney on January 12, 2006 by Australian Foreign Affairs Minister Alexander Downer and his East Timorese counterpart Jose Ramos-Horta. It came into force on February 23, 2007 with the exchange of notes in Dili, East Timor. The East Timor parliament had ratified the treaty while Alexander Downer invoked the national interest exemption to fast-track ratification at the Australian Parliament.
Treaty provisions.
Without prejudice to the final settlement of borders.
CMATS will not prejudice or affect Timor-Leste’s or Australia’s legal position or legal rights to the delimitation of their respective maritime boundaries. It will also not amount to a renunciation of any right or claims.
Treaty duration.
The treaty replaces Article 22 of the Timor Sea Treaty, making its validity period the same as CMATS's, which is until 2057. The Timor Sea Treaty can however be renewed by the agreement of both parties.
Moratorium.
Both parties will not "assert, pursue or further by any means in relation to the other party" its claims to sovereign rights, jurisdiction and maritime boundaries for the period CMATS is in force. Both countries will also not start any proceedings against the other before any court on issues related to maritime boundaries or delimitation in the Timor Sea. Furthermore, no court proceedings involving the countries shall decide or comment on anything related to maritime boundaries or delimitation and any such comment or finding shall be of no effect and shall not be relied upon at any time. Neither country shall also pursue in any matters related to maritime boundaries or delimitationinternational organisation.
This "postponement" on settling the question of sovereignty over the seabed is aimed at providing stability for the legal regime governing the exploitation of the Greater Sunrise field and removing the "petroleum factor" once the two countries get down to settling their maritime boundaries.
Existing petroleum exploitation to continue.
Under CMATS, both countries can continue with petroleum exploitation activities in areas in which had been authorised by its domestic legislation on 19 May 2002. This is taken to allow Australia to continue with petroleum exploration and exploitation activities in the Laminaria-Coralina and other fields it claims to be located in its territorial waters as a result of the Agreement between the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia Establishing Certain Seabed Boundaries in the Area of the Timor and Arafura Seas, Supplementary to the Agreement of 18 May 1971 (See Australia-Indonesia border page). East Timor had not granted any such activity as it had not attained independence at the said date. The state of domestic legislation on the said date was confirmed by two side letters, one from Jose Ramos-Horta confirming East Timor's position, and the other from Alexander Downer confirming Australia's position. This has been argued to be unfair to East Timor as it legitimises Australia's exploitation of petroleum in the disputed areas outside the Joint Petroleum Development Area established under the Timor Sea Treaty.
Timor Sea Treaty terms stay.
The terms of the Joint Petroleum Development Area established under the Timor Sea Treaty will continue to be applied over the said area.
Negotiations for permanent boundaries.
Both parties are not obliged to negotiate permanent maritime boundaries for the period of the treaty.
Division of Greater Sunrise' revenues.
Both countries will share the upstream (valued as at oil well) revenue from the Greater Sunrise field on a 50:50 basis. The upstream value of the petroleum shall be determined at "arm's length" basis. The increase in East Timor's share on the proceeds from Greater Sunrise from 18.1% to 50% could be said to be the result of pressure based on East Timor's argument that the field was located closer to it than Australia and should therefore belong to it, a stand which is used by those who say a 50% share is still not adequate for East Timor. If a maritime boundary were established along the median line between the coasts of the two countries, the current prevailing practice, all of Greater Sunrise would be in Timor-Leste's territory.
As for the method of payment, Australia is to pay East Timor half the total revenue earned by itself and East Timor less the amount of revenue earned by East Timor. On the event East Timor's revenue exceeds that of Australia, no payment will be made by East Timor but subsequent payments by Australia to East Timor shall be adjusted accordingly.
Each party can request the appointment of an assessor to determine the amount of revenue earned by either country.
Treaties governing petroleum resources exploitation.
All obligations related to exploring and exploiting for petroleum by Australia and East Timor for the duration of CMATS shall be governed by CMATS, Timor Sea Treaty, Sunrise International Unitization Agreement and any future agreement drawn up pursuant to the Timor Sea Treaty. CMATS however does not revoke the Timor Sea Treaty or the Sunrise IUA.
Water column jurisdiction.
East Timor shall have "sovereign rights" over the water column north of the southern border of the Joint Petroleum Development Area established under the Timor Sea Treaty while Australia gains "sovereign rights" over the water column south of the line. The coordinates of the line is determined in Annex II of the treaty.
Timor-Leste/Australia Maritime Commission.
A Maritime Commission comprising one minister each appointed by the two countries. The commission should meet at least once a year.
No further re-apportionment of Greater Sunrise revenue.
The parties agree not to re-determine the apportionment ratio of the Greater Sunrise field for the period the treaty is in force.
Duration of CMATS.
CMATS shall remain in force for 50 years after its entry into force, which was on February 22, 2057, or five years after the exploitation of the Greater Sunrise field ceases, whichever earlier. Either East Timor or Australia can terminate most of CMATS if a development plan for the Greater Sunrise field is not approved within six years after its entry into force, or if production of petroleum from the field does not commence within 10 years after the date of entry into force of this Treaty. Should petroleum production take place in the Greater Sunrise field after the termination of CMATS, all the terms of this treaty shall come back into force and operate from the date of commencement of production. No development plan had been approved by 23 February 2013, six years after CMATS came into force, and Timor-Leste was weighing whether to give notice of termination.
Entry into force.
CMATS will enter into force after an exchange of notes by both parties that their respective parliaments have ratified the treaty. The exchange of notes occurred on February 23, 2007.
East Timor's parliament ratified the treaty on February 20, 2007. CMATS was tabled in the Australian parliament on the first sitting day of 2007 on February 6, 2007 and on February 22, 2007, just before the exchange of notes with East Timor, Minister for Foreign Affairs Alexander Downer wrote to inform the parliament's Joint Standing Committee on Treaties of his decision to invoke the national interest exemption, to speed up ratification of the treaty by not first referring it to the Joint Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20066732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066732" title="Electrocentrale Bucharest">
Electrocentrale Bucharest

Electrocentrale Bucharest owns three subsidiaries with a total installed capacity of 2,008 MW and an annual average power production of 6.759 TWh, which is 12.7% of the total national output of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20066741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066741" title="She Does It Right">
She Does It Right

"She Does It Right" is a song by the band Dr. Feelgood. Recorded in 1974 it appeared on their debut album, "Down by the Jetty".
"She Does It Right" was also issued as a single in the UK in March 1975. It failed to reach the UK Singles Chart. Written by Wilko Johnson, and produced by Vic Maile, the song was Dr. Feelgood's second single release, following their debut with "Roxette". The b-side of the record, "I Don't Mind", was also penned by Johnson.
"She Does It Right" was also later included in Dr. Feelgood's 1997's compilation album, "Twenty Five Years of Dr. Feelgood".

</doc>
<doc id="20066747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066747" title="Maroochy Barambah">
Maroochy Barambah

Maroochy Barambah is an Australian Aboriginal mezzo-soprano singer. 
She was born Yvette Isaacs in the 1950s in Cherbourg, Queensland. She is of the Turrbal-Gubbi Gubbi people and is a member of the Stolen Generations. She considers herself a beneficiary of her removal. As a tribute to her Aboriginality she took the names Maroochy (meaning "black swan") and Barambah (meaning "source of the western wind"). 
Maroochy Barambah rose to fame for her part in the 1989 Sydney Metropolitan Opera production of "Black River", by Julianne Schultz and Andrew Schultz, an opera about black deaths in custody, and later starring in the 1993 film adaption which was awarded the Grand-Prix, Opera Screen at Opera Bastille, Paris. She also has appeared in the indigenous musical "Bran Nue Dae", the 1981 television series "Women of the Sun" and in the opera "Beach Dreaming" (written for and about her by Mark Isaacs). 
She has released two singles, one of which, "Aborigine", reached the top 10 on the U.S. Billboard Dance chart.
She performed at the 1993 AFL Grand Final, singing Waltzing Matilda and Advance Australia Fair. In February 2013, Maroochy's translation of Advance Australia Fair into Turrubul, the native language of the Aborigines of the Brisbane region, was performed at the 2013 Indigenous All Stars Rugby League match at Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, on 9 February 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20066750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066750" title="Theodora Komnene (disambiguation)">
Theodora Komnene (disambiguation)

Theodora Komnene may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066783" title="Flowering Plants of Africa">
Flowering Plants of Africa

Flowering Plants of Africa is a series of illustrated botanical magazines akin to Curtis's Botanical Magazine, initiated as "Flowering Plants of South Africa" by I. B. Pole-Evans in 1920 and currently published by the South African National Biodiversity Institute (SANBI) in Pretoria. The magazine depicts and describes flowering plants from Africa and its neighbouring islands.
Notable botanical artists who have contributed to its pages include Gillian Condy, Fay Anderson, Auriol Batten, Rosemary Holcroft, Betty Connell, Cythna Letty (who was responsible for over 700 plates), Barbara Pike and Ellaphie Ward-Hilhorst. The numbers are printed in soft cover measuring 250 x 190 mm.
The series was edited by Robert Allen Dyer who was succeeded by L. E. W. Codd.

</doc>
<doc id="20066791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066791" title="Veljko Bakašun">
Veljko Bakašun

Veljko Bakašun (June 14, 1920 – July 17, 2007) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He died in Korčula.
Bakašun was part of the Yugoslav team which was eliminated in the second round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1952 tournament. He played six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20066808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066808" title="Sir Stephen Young, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Stephen Young, 3rd Baronet

Sir Stephen Stewart Templeton Young, 3rd Baronet, QC, is a Scottish baronet and held the post of Sheriff Principal of Grampian, Highland and Islands from 2001 until 2012. He is the third Baronet of Partick.
He gained an MA degree from Oxford University and an LLB degree from Edinburgh University.
He was appointed Sheriff Principal of Grampian, Highlands and Islands in 2001.
He became a QC in 2002 and in 2005 was appointed Chairman of the Sheriff Court Rules Council.
He is also "ex officio" a Commissioner of the Northern Lighthouse Board, and a Governor of The Robert Gordon University.

</doc>
<doc id="20066811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066811" title="Dean Waugh">
Dean Waugh

Dean Parma Waugh (born 3 February 1969 in Campsie) is a former Australian first-class cricketer who played a match for New South Wales and also represented South Australia at List A level.
Although he only had a brief career in Australian domestic cricket, the right-handed batsman is noted for being the younger brother of players Mark and Steve Waugh. His nickname is "Korea" as he is often thought of as the forgotten "Waugh (War)".
His only first-class appearance came during the 1995/96 Sheffield Shield season when a Phil Emery led New South Wales, in the absence of their Test stars, took on Queensland at the Sydney Cricket Ground. The Queenslanders batted first and amassed 371, with Waugh taking a catch to dismiss their captain Allan Border off the bowling of Greg Matthews. Waugh batted at five in the batting order and made 19 before falling to Paul Jackson, caught behind. He was dismissed in the same fashion in his second dig, this time to Michael Kasprowicz for three, as New South Wales followed on and could only set Queensland a target of one run.
Also in the 1995/96 summer he took the field for New South Wales in two Mercantile Mutual Cup matches. After opening the batting and scoring 15 on his debut, Waugh moved back into the middle order when he was picked in the Semi Final side which played Western Australia. He made a rapid 28, off just 25 balls, before being run-out and then watched the Western Warriors chase down their score in the 47th over. The following season he played one other Mercantile Mutual one day match for New South Wales and then decided to make the move to South Australia.
Waugh could not break into the South Australian Sheffield Shield team but did take part in their 1998/99 Mercantile Mutual cup campaign. The second of his two games, and his last ever appearance in Australian domestic cricket, was another Semi Final loss. On this occasion it was Victoria who eliminated his team from the competition. After scoring 17 of South Australia's total of 175, he took a couple of catches during Victoria's pursuit of their target before the winning runs were hit with just nine balls to spare.

</doc>
<doc id="20066819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066819" title="RADET">
RADET

The company supplies hot water to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066835" title="Djaambi">
Djaambi

Djaambi were a band from Melbourne, Victoria containing both Aboriginal and white members formed by Richard Frankland. Three other members later formed the band Tiddas Djaambi released a selftitled album in 1990 and supported Prince on his Australian Tour in 1991.
Djaambi were the subjects of the documentary "Beating about the bush" (Titus Films, 1993) which followed their travels from Alice Springs, through Aboriginal communities, to Darwin.

</doc>
<doc id="20066840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066840" title="J. Kevin Barlow">
J. Kevin Barlow

J. Kevin Barlow is Mi'kmaq from the Indian Island, New Brunswick. He is Chief Executive Officer of the Canadian Aboriginal AIDS Network (CAAN) based in Ottawa, Ontario.
Barlow has worked in the aboriginal health field for over 20 years. He has presented his research in New Zealand, United States, Mexico, and across Canada.
He has worked primarily in the HIV/AIDS sector for the past 17 years, and is Principal Investigator on a number of grants exploring cultural competence, mental health, and historical trauma. His leadership and advocacy has earned him a national award for excellence in aboriginal programming.
In April 2013, it was revealed that Barlow had plagiarized the work of another HIV/AIDS researcher for a document produced by him for the Aboriginal Healing Foundation in Ottawa, Ontario. In an investigation by the Ottawa Citizen, it was further revealed that Barlow had paid the researcher whom he plagiarized $3,250 as a result of a human rights settlement in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20066845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066845" title="Marko Brainović">
Marko Brainović

Marko Brainović (born July 17, 1920) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Yugoslav team which was eliminated in the second round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played two matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1952 tournament. He played three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20066864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066864" title="Vladimir Ivković">
Vladimir Ivković

Vladimir Ivković (born July 25, 1929) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dubrovnik.
Ivković was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1952 tournament. He played two matches.
Four years later he won again the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1956 tournament. And again he played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20066889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066889" title="Baitul Huda">
Baitul Huda

Baitul Huda ("House of Guidance") refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20066915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066915" title="The Gums, Queensland">
The Gums, Queensland

The Gums is a town in the western Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. The town is located at the junction of the Leichhardt Highway and the Tara - Surat road, in the Western Downs Region local government area, west of the state capital, Brisbane. At the 2006 census, The Gums and the surrounding area had a population of 169.
The name of the town was derived from the nearby railway station, on the line from Dalby to Glenmorgan, used from 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20066916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066916" title="Rhoda Dakar">
Rhoda Dakar

Rhoda Dakar (born 1959) is a British singer and musician, best known as the lead singer of The Bodysnatchers, who were signed to the 2 Tone record label.
Career.
Dakar, born in Hampstead, London, joined The Bodysnatchers in 1979. Their first single was a double A-side, "Let's Do Rocksteady" backed with "Ruder Than You". It reached # 22 in the UK Singles Chart. The band were invited to appear on "Top of the Pops", to tour with The Selecter and to record a session for BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel. Several members of the Bodysnatchers then left to form the Belle Stars.
Dakar also collaborated with The Specials. Her duet with Terry Hall, "I Can't Stand It", appeared on the album, "More Specials". After The Specials announced their break up in 1981, Jerry Dammers formed a new band called The Special AKA, along with Dakar and John Bradbury. Their first single release, "The Boiler" reached # 35 in the UK Singles Chart in 1982.
Dakar performed on The Special AKA album, "In the Studio", which featured the UK Top 10 hit single, "Free Nelson Mandela". The album reached # 34 in the UK Albums Chart.
Her first solo album, "Cleaning In Another Woman's Kitchen", was released in November 2007 on Moon Ska World. It featured new acoustic versions of songs from her Bodysnatchers days, as well as material co-written with Nick Welsh, who attended the same comprehensive school as Buster Bloodvessel, and who recorded under the guise of King Hammond in the early 1990s. Dakar and Welsh released a garage rock album, "Back To The Garage", on N1 Records in April 2009.
In 2009 she was the featured guest vocalist on the song "On The Town" on the Madness album "The Liberty of Norton Folgate". She performed the track with them at their Madstock show in Victoria Park in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20066929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066929" title="Henri Joseph Fenet">
Henri Joseph Fenet

Henri Joseph Fenet (11 July 1919 – 14 September 2002) was a soldier during World War II who was awarded both the Croix de Guerre by France, and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by Germany.
French service.
Fenet was born on 11 July 1919 in Ceyzériat, Department of Ain, France. Prior to World War II he studied literature at the Sorbonne University in Paris. At the outbreak of war he volunteered for the French Army and was commissioned as an officer with the rank of lieutenant. He fought in numerous battles and was awarded the Croix de Guerre after being wounded twice.
After serving as a Prisoner of War he was released in November 1942 and joined the Milice, a militia force recruited to hunt down Jews and battle the Communist underground threat in Vichy France.
Waffen SS.
In July 1943 Paul Marion, the Vichy Propaganda Minister, began a massive nationwide recruitment for the Waffen SS in France. The "Comité des Amis de la Waffen S.S." (Committee of the Friends of the Waffen-SS) was established by the minister and proceeded to actively recruit men who were between the ages of 20–25, "free of Jewish blood", and physically fit. Roughly 3000 applied to the assorted offices in the first few months, many of them college students. The organization also spent much time trying to recruit experienced French officers, like Fenet, to the organization. In October 1943, Fenet volunteered for the Waffen SS and was sent to the SS officer school at Bad Tölz.
In March 1944 he received the rank of Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS and was given command of the 3rd Company of the newly formed 8th SS Assault Brigade "Frankreich", and was again wounded during fighting in the Carpathian Mountains and awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class.
In September 1944, Fenet and his company were sent to Konitz, West Prussia, where they joined other French recruits to form the 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division Charlemagne, and in February 1945 Fenet was named the commander of the 1st Battalion, 57th SS Regiment "Charlemagne".
In March 1945 the French SS division was surrounded by the Russians. Fenet was able to break out and return to the German lines with his battalion almost intact, for which he was promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and awarded the Iron Cross, 1st Class.
Berlin.
In April 1945, Fenet arrived in Berlin with his Battalion which had been reformed from what was left of the division and was attached to the 11th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nordland.
During the battle for the German capital, Fenet's battalion was given the area of Neukölln, Belle Alliance Platz, Wilhelmstrasse and the Friedrichstrasse to defend, destroying 62 Soviet tanks. Fenet, now severely wounded, remained with his battalion as they were withdrawn to the area of the Reich aviation ministry. For the success of the battalion during the Battle of Berlin Fenet was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 29 April 1945 by SS-Brigadeführer Mohnke.
On 2 May 1945, the surviving Frenchmen were captured by the Russians. Fenet had been badly wounded and was first sent to a hospital before being imprisoned by the Soviets. He was then handed over to the French government.
Later life.
On the 10 December 1949, Fenet was convicted of being a collaborator and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment with hard labor. He was freed at the end of 1959.
After Fenet was released, he appeared in several documentary films and television programs. He also ran a small independent auto business.
Henri Joseph Fenet died in Paris on 14 September 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20066942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066942" title="Deep Memorial Public School">
Deep Memorial Public School

Deep Memorial Public School, situated at A-Block, Ramprastha, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh,India and affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), was established in 1988. The school is dedicated to the memory of Ch. Deep Chand Ji. It was formally inaugurated by Sh. Moti Lal Vohra, ex-governor of Uttar Pradesh. The school has boarding facilities and accepts students from all over India.
The motto of the school is "Work is Worship." A separate Junior branch was set up at D-Block, Ramprastha, Ghaziabad and was formally inaugurated by Governor of Uttar Pradesh Sh. Vishnu Kant Shastri. 
Activities.
Students join one of four houses, named Himadri, Shivalik, Aravalli, and Vindhya house after mountain ranges. Competitive events ranging from sports to quizzing are held throughout the year to decide for the best house of the academic year.
New.
25 year video<br>
Reflections - Down the Memory Lane<br>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHTe22m40_c

</doc>
<doc id="20066972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066972" title="Theodora Komnene, Duchess of Austria">
Theodora Komnene, Duchess of Austria

Theodora Komnena or Theodora Comnena (, d. 2 January 1184) was a daughter of Andronikos Komnenos and his wife, Eirene (?Aineiadissa). Based on the writings of Niketas Choniates, it is likely Theodora was Andronikos' second daughter. The year of Theodora's birth is unknown.
Life and Death.
Little is known of Theodora's early life, except that her father died in 1142. She does not appear in the historical record again until the late 1140s, when she was betrothed to and married Henry II of Austria, whose first wife, Gertrude of Supplingenburg had died in 1143. The marriage had been arranged by her uncle, Manuel I and her eventual husband's half-brother, Conrad III of Germany, during the latter's stay in Constantinople.
Theodora and Henry were married in Constantinople, and subsequently granted the Duchy of Austria by Frederick I Barbarossa in 1156.
Theodora died on 2 January 1184.
Family.
Theodora had three children by her husband Henry:
Ancestry.
Family tree of Theodora 

</doc>
<doc id="20066988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20066988" title="Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Paul Weller album)">
Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Paul Weller album)

Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a live album by Paul Weller. The concert was first released on DVD on 27 November 2000, and this live album is the audio of that concert. The track listing for the album runs in a different order to the DVD. The original DVD was also packaged with the album. The album reached #140 in the UK album chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20067005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067005" title="David Gomez">
David Gomez

David Gomez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067008" title="Baitus Salam, Sarajevo">
Baitus Salam, Sarajevo

The Baitus Salam ("House of Peace") is a mosque in Sarajevo run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) in Bosnia.

</doc>
<doc id="20067012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067012" title="Akasaka Station (Fukuoka)">
Akasaka Station (Fukuoka)


</doc>
<doc id="20067020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067020" title="If She Knew">
If She Knew

"If She Knew" is a song by British R&B singer Lemar, released as the first single from his fourth album, "The Reason".
The song has been a further top 20 success for Lemar; it was C-listed on BBC Radio 1, entering the UK Singles Chart at #61 after just two full days of download sales, and then climbing to #14 upon the release of the physical CD. The following week the single fell to #19 but Radio 1 moved the track up to their B-list. In its fourth week, "If She Knew" dropped two places to #21.
Reception.
In a review from "Digital Spy" Alex Fletcher gave the song 3/5 and wrote, "For some reason he keeps his best vocals in the locker on 'If She Knew' and replaces his usual laid-back R&B with a futuristic pop sound that wouldn't sound out of place on a Kanye record. The results are slick and satisfactory, but this sounds more like passable album fodder than a storming comeback track."

</doc>
<doc id="20067033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067033" title="Attagirl (album)">
Attagirl (album)

Attagirl is the sixth studio album by the Dutch band Bettie Serveert, released January 25, 2005.
Track listing.
All tracks by Carol van Dijk & Peter Visser except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="20067045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067045" title="Cinco Villas">
Cinco Villas

Cinco Villas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067050" title="Electronic Markets (journal)">
Electronic Markets (journal)

"Electronic Markets, The International Journal on Networked Business" is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the implications of information systems on electronic commerce. It was established in 1991 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are Rainer Alt (Leipzig University) and Hubert Österle (University of St. Gallen).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, Inspec, ProQuest, Academic OneFile, Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences, International Bibliography of the Social Sciences, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.429, ranking it 97th out of 116 journals in the category "Business" and 152nd out of 172 journals in the category "Management".

</doc>
<doc id="20067061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067061" title="Davezilla">
Davezilla

Davezilla.com is a humor website, run by C-E Social Media Director Dave Linabury since December, 1994. It began much as Yahoo did, as a link portal to items of interest to Linabury, humor and hacking links. In 1996, Linabury began adding his cartoons. When the first blogging platforms emerged, Davezilla switched to a daily site, focusing mainly on humor at the suggestion of blogger Jeffrey Zeldman. Since then, it has become a popular destination for bloggers. In 2000, the site gained notoriety by receiving a Cease and desist letter from Seyfarth Shaw, the legal representation for the Toho Corporation of Japan due to the website's name being partly derived from the word "Godzilla." After Linabury posted the C&D letter on numerous blogs and legal websites, Seyfarth Shaw backed off.
Anagram Interviews.
In 2000, Davezilla.com began running "Anagram Interviews", a concept pioneered by Linabury in which a fake interview was conducted with answers composed only of anagrams of the interviewee's name. For example, this excerpt from the interview with Paris Hilton:
Davezilla: “First off, how do you start the week?”
Paris Hilton: “I plan or shit.”
Davezilla: “Um, Paris? What are you doing under the table? Drop something?”
Paris Hilton: “Lost hairpin.”
Davezilla: “I heard you once seduced Ralph Lauren.”
Paris Hilton: “I sit on Ralph.”
Personal information.
Dave Linabury was born January 30, 1964. He is currently the Social Media Director at Campbell-Ewald in Warren, Michigan. He has been interviewed by Wired magazine, CNET and several other publications on the subject of blogging.

</doc>
<doc id="20067063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067063" title="Hakka (disambiguation)">
Hakka (disambiguation)

The Hakka are a Han Chinese people group.
Hakka may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067109" title="Greg Tanner">
Greg Tanner

Greg Tanner is a television producer and presenter from London, England. He is most known for fronting basketball programmes and is the editor of FadeAway magazine (now known as MVP Magazine).
Career.
Producing and directing.
In 2007, Tanner produced and presented UKTV Slam, 15 one-hour magazine programmes for Britain's second biggest non-terrestrial broadcaster. The series culminated in a four-hour live broadcast of the Euroleague finals, with Tanner reporting from Athens.
In 2008, Tanner presented and helped to produce (for Cheerleader Productions) two basketball documentaries for Channel 4. The first, Midnight Madness, was a 90-minute feature about a Nike-sponsored, nationwide summer basketball event. It involved shooting across the UK and in Miami, Florida.
In November 2008, Tanner presented "Team GB: Road To Eurobasket" - a 60-minute documentary following the Great Britain basketball team as they tried to qualify for the Eurobasket tournament for the first time.
In May 2010, Tanner presented features for Sky Sports' coverage of the Euroleague Final Four in Paris.
Away from his basketball activities, Tanner has worked as a television news producer and reporter since 1999. He began his career at London Tonight and worked with ITN as a producer on the ITV News Channel. Since 2004 he has worked on a freelance basis.
Basketball247.co.uk.
In May 2000, Tanner set up the website Streetball.co.uk which became Basketball247.co.uk in 2008 - broadening its remit from just covering streetball to more mainstream basketball. He has traveled the world covering events - from the Euroleague to the NBA to Streetball.

</doc>
<doc id="20067115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067115" title="Michael Essex">
Michael Essex

Michael Essex (born July 9, 1985 in Ruislip, London) is a professional Rugby union player. He plays as a hooker for North Otago Rugby Football Union. He was formally player for Munster Rugby. He has played for Ireland as a schoolboy, U19 and U21 international, his father Andy Essex is a former Wasps, Metropolitan Police and Middlesex player.

</doc>
<doc id="20067117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067117" title="InterMine">
InterMine

InterMine is a powerful open source data warehouse system. Using InterMine, you can create databases of biological data accessed by sophisticated web query tools. InterMine can be used to create databases from a single data set or can integrate multiple sources of data. Support is provided for several common biological formats and there is a framework for adding your own data. InterMine includes an attractive, user-friendly web interface that works 'out of the box' and can be easily customised for your specific needs.
InterMine makes it easy to integrate multiple data sources into a single data warehouse. It has a core data model based on the sequence ontology and supports several biological data formats, just configure which organisms or data files are required. It is easy to extend the data model and integrate your own data, Java and Perl APIs and an XML format to help import custom data.
Web application.
A web application allows creation of custom queries, includes template queries (web forms to run 'canned' queries) and can upload and operate on lists of data. It is possible to configure/create widgets to analyse lists with graphs and enrichment statistics. An admin user can publish new template queries, change report pages and create public lists at any time without any programming. Many aspects of the web app can be configured and branded.

</doc>
<doc id="20067118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067118" title="Chaderton">
Chaderton

Chaderton is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067120" title="Gutierre Tibón">
Gutierre Tibón

Gutierre Tibón (16 July 1905 – 15 May 1999) was an Italian-Mexican author. He wrote widely on issues of cultural identity, mixing ideas from anthropology, linguistics, psychology, philosophy, ethnology, sociology, and political science.
Early career.
Tibón was born in Lombardy, Italy. In his early years he worked as a typewriter salesman, later travelling widely in Europe and the Americas for his work. His visits to Mexico attracted him to the country, and he moved there in 1940. He established himself as a writer and radio personality. His first major work was on the culture and future prospects of Mexico. "México, 1950, Un País en Futuro" (1942) looked forward to what he called a "México Feliz", which he thought could be achieved by 1950. He advocated strong leadership and government intervention to promote mass education. He later had a success with "Viaje à la India por el Aire", which originated as broadcast conversations with the poet Ricardo López Méndez about his travels in the Middle East on the way to India. Tibón's ability to mix anecdotes, philosophical observations and political commentary on the culture of the countries he passed through proved popular. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Universidad Michoacana de San Nicolás de Hidalgo on 11 October 1946 for his writings.
Onomastics.
Tibón has been especially interested in the history of personal and topographical names. His book "América: Setenta siglos de la historia de un nombre" (1945) constitutes what has been called a "novelized study in which a word is the chief character". He argues that the name "America" is "a masterpiece of chance", and proceeds to trace its etymology from the personal name of Amerigo Vespucci to its Germanic original Amalric and to ancient roots, which he claims to link to the meaning "land of industrious and powerful men". In "Origen, Vida y Milagros de su Apellido", he extended this method to the discussion of personal names, providing elaborate historical genealogies and anecdotes to create a narrative of humanity though names. He was most interested in Spanish and Sephardic Jewish names.
In 1946 the Academia Mexicana de Genealogía y Heráldica elected him as a Numbered Academician
Later work.
His later writings continue his interest in names, but also branch out to include mysticist or occult topics. He developed the method of his book on America in his discussion of the origins of Mexico in "Historia del nombre y de la fundación de México " (1975). 
In "El Ombligo como centro cósmico" (1981), he argued for the survivals of "paleolithic magic" in a "prenatal triad" of umbilical cord, placenta and amniotic sac and on the navel as "cosmic center". In "Los Ritos Mágicos y Trágicos de la Pubertad Femenina" (1984) he explored the "magic and tragic rites" of female puberty. 
He was elected to the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua as an honorary member on 10 December 1987.
Tibón died in Cuernavaca, Morelos in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20067134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067134" title="Leslie Edwards">
Leslie Edwards

Leslie Edwards (6 August 1916 – 8 February 2001) was a British ballet dancer and ballet master. He was one of the final links with Ninette de Valois's original pre-war Vic-Wells Ballet. Apart from two years of military service during the Second World War, his entire 60-year career was effectively spent with what became the Royal Ballet organisation, until his final retirement from the stage in 1993.
Early years.
Edwards was born on 6 August 1916 and trained with Marie Rambert after leaving school at the age of 15. He then joined the Vic-Wells Ballet School. He also trained with Margaret Craske, Stanislav Idzikowski and Vera Volkova. He debuted at Rambert's Ballet Club in 1932.
Performing career.
Edwards was a cast member in the original production of Antony Tudor's "Jardin aux Lilas" in 1936. He first danced with the Vic-Wells Ballet in 1933, however, he only officially joined the company in 1937. With the Vic-Wells Ballet, he was a member of the first cast of Frederick Ashton's "Les Patineurs". Edwards was known for his character roles rather than classical technique and later enjoyed purely mime roles. He taught mime at the Royal Ballet School while still a principal with the Royal Ballet. His career began in the supporting male roles before graduating to the villains. His niche, however, was in "the meatier roles in the mime and character repertory" such as the Red King in De Valois's "Checkmate" and as the American tourist in Massine's "La Boutique fantasque". Edwards's success grew, however, after Frederick Ashton created the amiable role of Arthur for him in his "A Wedding Bouquet" of 1937. Edwards as the Beggar in Robert Helpmann's 1944 ballet "Miracle in the Gorbals" was deemed irreplaceable and he thus appeared in all 92 performances of the ballet. He was also notable as the farmer Thomas in Ashton's "La Fille Mal Gardée" of 1960. He had an unusually long 60-year career, which was interrupted only for two years of war service during the Second World War. However, he returned, after being invalided out, to create many more roles and he appeared in dozens of ballets. His most famous role was as Catalabutte in "Sleeping Beauty".
Later years.
Edwards worked as a rehearsal director for the Royal Ballet from 1959 to 1970. He was the first director of the newly formed Royal Ballet Choreographic Group from 1967 to 1987. Here he assisted many emerging British choreographers, notably, perhaps, Ronald Hynd, Geoffrey Cauley, David Bintley and Michael Corder. He also served as ballet master for the Royal Opera from 1970 to 1990.
He was described as "gentle, unassuming, kindly, very distinguished in bearing – a senior civil servant among dancers – yet happily possessed of a wicked but never malicious sense of humour". He died at his home in London on 8 February 2001 after suffering from cancer. His autobiography, "In Good Company: Sixty Years with the Royal Ballet", was published posthumously in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20067152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067152" title="Oh, Coward!">
Oh, Coward!

Oh, Coward! is a musical revue in two acts devised by Roderick Cook and containing music and lyrics by Noël Coward. The revue consists of two men and one woman in formal dress, performing songs based on the following themes: England, family album, travel, theatre, love and women. There are also sketches, such as "London Pastoral" which tells of the joys of London in the spring, "Family Album" about relatives who "were not excessively bright", and a scene with excerpts from several of Coward's plays, such as "Private Lives".
It ran Off-Broadway in 1972, in London in 1975 and on Broadway in 1986. Also in 1972 a revue along similar lines, "Cowardy Custard" played in London.
Productions.
A Coward revue at the 1968 Vancouver International Festival called "And Now Noël Coward…: An Agreeable Impertinence", was created and directed by Roderick Cook and starred Dorothy Loudon. It received scathing reviews from the critics. It was soon revised and presented on Broadway, with mostly the same cast, as "Noël Coward's Sweet Potato". Though it received slightly better notices, it lasted only 44 performances. Cook again reshaped the material, as "Oh, Coward!", premiering the work in Toronto, then touring it to Boston and Chicago.
"Oh, Coward!" opened Off-Broadway with a new cast on 4 October 1972 and was one of the last Noël Coward shows staged during his life. It played for 294 performances at the New Theatre. Its cast included Barbara Cason, Jamie Ross and Cook, who also directed the revue. A London production opened on 5 June 1975 at the Criterion Theatre, starring Cook, Ross and Geraldine McEwan, and ran until 2 August 1975. The show later played on Broadway beginning on 17 November 1986 at the Helen Hayes Theatre, where it ran for 56 performances. Again directed by and starring Cook, the cast also featured Catherine Cox and Patrick Quinn. The production received two Tony Award nominations, Best Actor and Actress in a Musical for Cook and Cox.
Of the London production, Michael Billington of "The Guardian" wrote, "the star performer is undeniably Mr Cook himself... with a dangerous tooth-baring smile... he delivers each syllable of each song with a clinical, omniscient precision. Geraldine McEwan, willowy and acidulous in white satin, likewise realises that merciless articulation is the key to Coward performing, and Jamie Ross amiably makes up the trio in the manner of someone completing a country house party." The "New York Times" review of the 1986 production noted, "The performance is determinedly low-key and genteel, in keeping with its source. Neither in the selection of material nor in the performances does the show overstep into self-parody, as is often the case in other musical anthologies. As before, Mr. Cook lets Coward speak and sing for himself, which he does, trippingly."
A review of the original cast recording compared it with the contemporary London show, "Cowardy Custard": "The formula is much the same, a show made out of Noël Coward's writing and composing. Where it differs is that "Cowardy Custard" was a carefully co-ordinated revue, this is more of a cabaret entertainment, the songs being delivered by the three performers without, as far as one can judge from the recording, any attempt at staging, accompanied by two pianos, bass, drums and percussion... the Coward enthusiast will note the first recording ever of his early trio 'Bright Young People'."
Songs.
"Note: Partial list"

</doc>
<doc id="20067154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067154" title="Hexthorpe railway platform">
Hexthorpe railway platform

Hexthorpe railway platform was a short, wooden railway platform on the South Yorkshire Railway line about west of Doncaster in the area known as Hexthorpe Flatts, just on the Doncaster side of the road bridge. The platform was situated on the Doncaster - bound line and was normally used for the collection of tickets particularly on the days of the St. Leger race meeting.
On 16 September 1887 the platform was the scene of a tragic railway accident. The Hexthorpe rail accident was one of a series of accidents which occurred in the "Battle of the Brakes", a period when railway managements were in dispute over the type of brake, if any, which should be used on passenger trains. The death toll reached 25 and 66 were injured. 

</doc>
<doc id="20067156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067156" title="Geriatric rehabilitation">
Geriatric rehabilitation

Geriatric rehabilitation or Geriatric Physical Therapy is the branch of medicine that studies rehabilitation and physical therapy issues in elderly.
Origins.
Geriatric rehabilitation covers three areas – normal aging due to disuse and deconditioning, cardiovascular problems like vascular disease and stroke, and skeletal problems including osteoporosis and osteoarthritis conditions such as knee and hip replacements. Physical medicine Physicians use rehabilitation to work toward the goal of returning the patient to a pre-injury quality of life and may use physical, occupational, and speech therapies.
With increased age, patients often face many physical and emotional changes that can affect level of function and well-being. Rehabilitation maintains functional independence in the elderly. Rehabilitation of geriatric patients is imperative for the patients' well-being and for society, so that we can thrive socially and economically. Essential to geriatric rehabilitation is communication, specifically improving any sensory impairment, including those related to vision and hearing. The prevention of falls and osteoporosis can improve the patient's health and longevity. Addressing malnutrition can promote healing and vitalize the patient to participate in a formal rehabilitation program. Depression is common in the older population if a functional loss of mobility and an inability to perform activities of daily living (ADLs) predominates. Cognitive impairment, such as delirium and dementia, can affect the patient's rehabilitation goals and outcomes. Finally, a driver's evaluation for an appropriate elderly candidate is an underutilized part of rehabilitation that has a considerable impact on society.
Geriatric Rehabilitation also have a role in intermediate care, where patients are referred by a hospital or family doctor, when there is a requirement to provide hospital based short term intensive physical therapy aimed at the recovery of musculoskeletal function, particularly recovery from joint, tendon, or ligament repair and, or, physical medicine and rehabilitation care when elderly patients get out of sync with their medication resulting in a deterioration of their personal health which reduces their ability to live independently.

</doc>
<doc id="20067157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067157" title="Theodora Komnene, Princess of Antioch">
Theodora Komnene, Princess of Antioch

Theodora Komnene was a niece of Manuel I Komnenos, Byzantine emperor, a possible daughter of John Komnenos and of Maria Taronitissa, and the second wife of Bohemond III, prince of Antioch.
She was the mother of :
Her uncle Manuel Komnenos died in 1180. Bohemond believed that the alliance with Byzantium would not be beneficial and divorced Theodora to marry Sibylle de Burzey.
Theodora then married Walter of Béthune, son of the lord of Bethsan.

</doc>
<doc id="20067163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067163" title="Back in the Night">
Back in the Night

"Back in the Night" is a song by the band Dr. Feelgood. Recorded in 1975 it appeared on their second album, "Malpractice".
"Back in the Night" was also issued as a single in the UK in July 1975. It failed to reach the UK Singles Chart. Written by Wilko Johnson, and produced by Vic Maile, the song was Dr. Feelgood's third single release. The b-side of the record, was a live recording of a cover version of "I'm a Man", penned by Bo Diddley.
"Back in the Night" was also later included in Dr. Feelgood's 1997's compilation album, "Twenty Five Years of Dr. Feelgood".

</doc>
<doc id="20067174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067174" title="Gion Station (Fukuoka)">
Gion Station (Fukuoka)


</doc>
<doc id="20067181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067181" title="Stephen Huneck">
Stephen Huneck

Stephen Huneck (October 8, 1948 in Columbus, Ohio – January 7, 2010 in Littleton, New Hampshire) was an American wood carving artist, furniture maker, painter, and author. Most of his artwork is composed of carvings of dogs. In addition to carvings, Huneck also wrote several children's books, the main character of which was his black Labrador Retriever, Sally. Huneck was originally from Sudbury, Massachusetts.
Before becoming an artist, Huneck lived for several years at Quarry Hill Creative Center, Rochester, Vermont, where he began to work in wood. He then became an antiques dealer. He was discovered in 1984 when he found a man pulling one of his carvings, an angel, out of the back of Huneck's pick-up truck. The man asked how much he wanted for the angel. Not intending to sell it and believing that the man wouldn't pay such a high price, Huneck told him that he wanted $1,000. The man revealed himself to be an art dealer from Manhattan and paid Huneck the money. Pieces of Huneck's artwork are in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian Institution, the Dog Museum of America and the American Kennel Club. Huneck received commissions for works from celebrities and politicians, including Sandra Bullock, Dr. Phil McGraw, and US Senator Patrick Leahy. Much of the basswood, cherry, maple and pine he worked with came from his farm.
In 1997, after a near death experience with acute respiratory distress syndrome, Huneck started work building a chapel dedicated to dogs. The Dog Chapel, which took three years to complete, is situated next to his studio in St. Johnsbury, Vermont. In addition to standard human sized doors, the chapel also has a dog door, carved wooden dogs lining the pews and dog themed stained glass windows. The inner walls are covered with remembrance notes and pictures of visitors' deceased canine pets.
Each year, Huneck and his wife, Gwen, held two gatherings known as the Dog Party and Dog Fest at his Dog Mountain studio. People brought their dogs for a day of relaxation. Contests were held for categories such as loudest bark, biggest/smallest dog, best dog kiss, etc. The dogs were let off their leashes and allowed to run free and play with other dogs.
Huneck was despondent over having to lay off employees in January 2010 and had been dealing with depression. On January 7, 2010, after driving to a psychiatrist's office in Littleton, New Hampshire, Huneck shot himself and died. He was 61 years old. After her husband's death, Gwen Huneck was the head of Dog Mountain until her death three and a half years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20067186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067186" title="Duncan Williams">
Duncan Williams

Duncan Williams (born 17 April 1986 in Douglas, Cork, Ireland), is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the RaboDirect Pro12. He plays as a Scrum-half.
Munster.
Williams made his Munster debut against Connacht in December 2009. He made his Heineken Cup debut against London Irish in October 2010. Williams also started against Australia in Munster's historic 15-6 victory over them in November 2010. He scored his first try for Munster in their 35-12 win against Scarlets in September 2011. He signed a two-year contract extension with Munster in March 2012. He started for Munster A in their 31–12 2011–12 British and Irish Cup Final win against Cross Keys on 27 April 2012. On 28 February 2014, it was announced that Williams had signed a new one-year contract with Munster, which will see him remain at the province until at least June 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="20067204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067204" title="Posidonia robertsoniae">
Posidonia robertsoniae

Posidonia robertsoniae is one of the seagrasses of Western Australia, submerged flowering plants that occurs in the southern coastal waters. 
Description.
A species of "Posidonia", submerged flowering plants found in mediterraean climates. A perennial rhizomatous herb that appears as stands in marine habitat. This species is found at depths from 0.5 to 20 metres on white sands, in coastal waters that may be sheltered or subject to intense wave action. The habit of "Posidonia robertsoniae" is as a clumping stand, it is rhizomatous plant that puts out shoots with one or two leaves. The leaf blades are 2.5 to 4 millimetres wide, and 1.5 metres long. They are slightly leathery and uneven on the upper surfaces. Between 6 and 9 veins appear on each leaf. The flowering period is primarily during the months of August and September.
Distribution.
"Posidonia robertsoniae" is recorded at coasts of Southwest Australia, from Warnbro Sound to Israelite Bay. 
Taxonomy.
This species is contained by the "Posidoniaceae" family, one of eight occurring in southern Australia. The ninth member, "Posidonia oceanica", is found in the Mediterranean sea. The species was first described in "Aquatic Botany" in 1984, based on a holotype collected at King George Sound in 1981. Several related species within "Posidonia" are described as the "Posidonia ostenfeldii" complex, a group that may be in need of revision. The species "Posidonia coriacea", which occurs in a wider distribution range, and this one may not be distinct, both lack evidence of genetic variation. The differing morphology of these species may be subject to environmental influence and their characters can overlap.

</doc>
<doc id="20067213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067213" title="Zdravko Ježić">
Zdravko Ježić

Zdravko "Pusko" Ježić (August 17, 1931 – June 19, 2005) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Niš and died in New York City, United States.
Ježić was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1952 tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won again the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1956 tournament. He played all seven matches.
In 1960 he was a member of the Yugoslav team which finished fourth in the Olympic competition. He played all seven matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20067217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067217" title="Chance of a Lifetime (film)">
Chance of a Lifetime (film)

Chance of a Lifetime is a 1950 British film starring, produced, part-written and directed by Bernard Miles. It was nominated for the 1951 BAFTA for Best British Film, to which it was beaten by "The Blue Lamp".
Plot.
In the times of austerity after the Second World War a failing factory's owner hands the factory over to the workers to run it for themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20067226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067226" title="Owen Gray">
Owen Gray

Owen Gray also known as Owen Grey (born 5 July 1939, Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's 'Foundation' singers whose work spans the R&B, ska, rocksteady, and reggae eras of Jamaican music, and he has been credited as Jamaica's first home-grown singing star.
Biography.
Gray won his first talent contest at the age of nine, and by the age of twelve he was already appearing in public, playing drums, guitar, and keyboards. He attended the Alpha Boys School and turned professional aged 19. Gray was a dynamic performer on stage, who could be gritty or suave as the song dictated. He was the first singer (of many) to praise a sound system on record, with his "On the Beach" celebrating Clement Dodd's "Sir Coxsone Downbeat" system in 1959, one of the first releases on Dodd's Studio One label. He was one of the first artists to be produced by Chris Blackwell, in 1960, and his "Patricia" single was the first record ever released by Island Records. His first single, "Please Let Me Go", reached the top of the charts in Jamaica, and featured a guitar solo from Australian musician Dennis Sindrey who was a member of The Caribs, a studio band that played on many early Owen Gray recordings. The single also sold well in the United Kingdom, as did subsequent releases, prompting Gray to emigrate there in 1962. He toured Europe in 1964, and by 1966 he was well known as a soul singer as well as for his ska songs. In the rocksteady era, he recorded for producer Sir Clancy Collins. His popularity continued throughout the 1960s, working with producers such as Clement Dodd, Prince Buster, Arthur "Duke" Reid, Leslie Kong, and Clancy Eccles, including work as a duo with Millie Small, with songs ranging from ska to ballads. He continued to record regularly, having a big hit in 1968 with "Cupid". His 1970 track "Apollo 12" found favour with the early skinheads, and in 1972 he returned to Island Records, recording reggae versions of The Rolling Stones' "Tumblin' Dice" and John Lennon's "Jealous Guy", although they met with little success. During this period, he regularly had releases on Pama and sister label, Camel Records, and one single on Hot Lead Records. He had greater success in Jamaica, however, with "Hail the Man", a tribute to Emperor Haile Selassie, which was popular with the increasing Rastafari following. Gray spent a short time living in New Orleans before returning to Jamaica where he turned his hand to roots reggae, working with producer Bunny Lee, and achieving considerable success. In the 1980s relocated to Miami. He has continued to release new material regularly, often concentrating on ballads and Gospel music.

</doc>
<doc id="20067249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067249" title="Baitul Huda, Usingen">
Baitul Huda, Usingen

The Baitul Huda ("House of Guidance") in Usingen is a mosque in Germany run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) and was inaugurated on September 7, 2004 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad.
Its two prayer rooms are 77 m² each. The community in Usingen has 160 members.
The mosque was partially burned in the morning of December 23, 2004. A lot of people of Usingen made donations for the reconstruction of the mosque. After the reconstruction a tree in the entrance was plant as a sign of friendship. The incendiarism never was clarified.

</doc>
<doc id="20067258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067258" title="Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla">
Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla

Minimanual Of The Urban Guerrilla () is a book written by Brazilian guerrilla fighter Carlos Marighella in June 1969. It consists of advice on how to disrupt and overthrow an authoritarian regime, aiming at revolution. The text has been banned in many countries, but remains in print and on bookshelves in several others, including the United States.
This book was written to be short and concise. It gives support to transform Brazil into a Communist country like Cuba. The book is still used by some guerrilla organizations, but its importance has declined in the past few decades.

</doc>
<doc id="20067260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067260" title="North Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
North Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

North Down was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
North Down was a county constituency comprising part of northern County Down, immediately south east of Belfast. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. North Down was created by the division of Down into eight new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged until 1969, when it gained part of Mid Down, but the eastern half of the seat was split away to form Bangor. It returned one Member of Parliament until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The original seat was centred on the town of Bangor and urban district of Holywood, and it also included parts of the rural districts of Castlereagh and Newtownards.
Politics.
The seat had a substantial unionist majority and was always won by unionist candidates, all but one representing the Ulster Unionist Party. It was sometimes contested by Northern Ireland Labour Party, Ulster Liberal Party and independent Unionist candidates, with only the independent Unionist receiving more than one third of the votes cast.
Election results.
At the 1929, 1933 and 1938 Northern Ireland general elections, James Craig, 1st Viscount Craigavon was elected unopposed.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1945, Thomas Bailie was elected unopposed.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1958, Robert Samuel Nixon was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="20067270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067270" title="Maureen Anderman">
Maureen Anderman

Maureen Anderman (born 26 October 1946, Detroit, Michigan) is an American actress best known for her work on the stage. She has appeared in eighteen Broadway shows over the last four decades earning several Drama Desk Award and Tony Award nominations.
Career.
Anderman made her Broadway debut as Bianca in the 1970 revival of "Othello". Two years later she won a Theater World Award for her portrayal of Ruth in "Moonchildren". In 1975 she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance of Sarah in Edward Albee's "Seascape". Her other Broadway credits during the 1970s include
"An Evening With Richard Nixon and..." (1972), "The Last of Mrs. Lincoln" (1973), "Hamlet" (1975), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1976), and "A History of the American Film" (1978). Anderman also began working in television during the 1970s, appearing in guest roles on television series such as "Kojak" (1976) and "The Andros Targets" (1977), as well as numerous Made-for-TV movies.
In 1980 Anderman was nominated for a Tony Award for her portrayal of Carol in "The Lady from Dubuque". She remained active on Broadway throughout the 1980s appearing in "The Man Who Came to Dinner" (1980), "Macbeth" (1981), "Einstein and the Polar Bear" (1981), "You Can't Take It With You" (1983–1984), "Benefactors" (1985–1986), and "Social Security" (1987). She also remained active in television appearing on "Another World", "Search for Tomorrow" (where she played evil manager, Sylvie DesCartes), "St. Elsewhere", "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd", and "The Equalizer" to name just a few. She also starred in the 1983 film adaptation of Erich Segal's "Man, Woman and Child".
Anderman's career slowed down during the 1990s as she chose to focus on her family. She did, however, appear in episodes of "One Life to Live" (as Nora Hanen's psychiatrist sister, Susannah Hanen, 1991), "Law & Order" (1992–1997), ' (1997), and ' (2003). She also appeared in the film "Final" (2001).
In 2007, Anderman returned to Broadway as the cover artist for Vanessa Redgrave in "The Year of Magical Thinking".
Throughout her career Anderman has been active in Off-Broadway and regional theater productions. Off Broadway she appeared in "Passion Play", A.R. Gurney's "Later Life" and "Ancestral Voices", and Kenneth Lonergan's "The Waverly Gallery" among others. Her regional credits include "Third", "Rabbit Hole" and "The Sisters Rosensweig" (Huntington Theatre), "The Waverly Gallery" (Williamstown Theatre Festival); "First Lady" (Yale Repertory Theatre); "Listening", "Moon for the Misbegotten", "Tartuffe" (Hartford Stage), "Booth is Back" and "Betrayal" (Long Wharf Theatre), and "Noël Coward in Two Keys" (Berkshire Theatre Festival) among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20067273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067273" title="Zdravko-Ćiro Kovačić">
Zdravko-Ćiro Kovačić

Zdravko-Ćiro Kovačić (born July 6, 1925) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Šibenik.
Kovačić was part of the Yugoslav team which was eliminated in the second round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played one match as goalkeeper.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1952 tournament. He played all nine matches as goalkeeper.
In 1956 he was a member of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the Olympic competition again. He played all seven matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20067276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067276" title="Desportivo Brasil">
Desportivo Brasil

Desportivo Brasil Participações Ltda., commonly known as Desportivo Brasil is a Brazilian football club based in Porto Feliz, São Paulo state.
History.
Traffic Group founded Desportivo Brasil on November 19, 2005, and has managed the club since then. English club Manchester United announced a link-up with Desportivo Brasil on November 27, 2008, with a view to exchanging players to play in games and experience a different style of coaching.
Stadium.
Desportivo Brasil since 2010 play their home games at Estádio Municipal Alfredo Chiavegato, located in Jaguariúna. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 15,000 people. The club previously played their home games at Estádio Municipal Vila Porto, which has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
Affiliated clubs.
The following clubs are affiliated with Desportivo Brasil:
Current squad under-20.
"As of May, 2011" source [http://www.desportivobrasil.com.br/en/]

</doc>
<doc id="20067279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067279" title="Tom Harrop Sidebottom">
Tom Harrop Sidebottom

Thomas ("Tom") Harrop Sidebottom (16 April 1826 – 25 May 1908) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician.
He was the eldest son of William Sidebottom of Etherow House, Hollingworth, Cheshire. Following education at Manchester Grammar School, he followed his father into business as a cotton spinner and manufacturer in the city. He was a director of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway and was considered an authority on bimetallism.
Sidebottom was appointed a justice of the peace for the counties of Cheshire and Derbyshire and in 1886 married Edith Murgatroyd of Didsbury.
At the 1874 general election he was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Stalybridge. He was unseated by his Liberal opponent at the ensuing election in 1880, but regained the seat in 1885. He retired from parliament at the 1900 general election.
Tom Harrop Sidebottom died at Etherow House in May 1908, aged 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20067292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067292" title="Sandgerðisbót">
Sandgerðisbót

Sandgerðisbót or Bótin is a small wharfside area in Akureyri, Iceland. There is a small craft marina and some residences.

</doc>
<doc id="20067308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067308" title="Ivica Kurtini">
Ivica Kurtini

Ivica "Ivo" Kurtini (June 23, 1922 – September 12, 1990) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Yugoslav team which was eliminated in the second round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1952 tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20067317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067317" title="Soutar">
Soutar

Soutar is a surname. It has Scottish origins. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20067320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067320" title="Kordan">
Kordan

Kordan or Kurdan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067324" title="Right to quote">
Right to quote

Right to quote is a legal concept in continental Europe, which some people consider similar to fair use. It allows for quoting excerpts of copyrighted works, as long as the cited paragraphs are within a reasonable limit (varying from country to country), clearly marked as quotations and fully referenced, and if the resulting new work is not just a collection of quotations, but constitutes a fully original work in itself. In some countries the intended use of the work (educational, scientific, parodist, etc.) may also be a factor determining the scope of this right.
France.
In France, it is illegal to reproduce someone's work without their approval. But if the work is published, i.e. no longer being edited prior to release, small quotations are legal.
Germany.
In Germany, the right to quote is extended considerably for research purposes and may even encompass complete works (e. g. texts, pictures, music or videos).

</doc>
<doc id="20067337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067337" title="Personal practice model (social work)">
Personal practice model (social work)

A Personal practice model (PPM) is a social work tool for understanding and linking theories to each other and to the practical tasks of social work.
Mullen describes the PPM as “the art and science of social work”, or more prosaically, “an explicit conceptual scheme that expresses a worker's view of practice”. A worker should develop a PPM pragmatically over their entire career by reflecting on, and the absorption of, a variety of sources. They are an important basis for the delivery of good practice and the evaluation of such. Bowles, Collingridge, Curry and Valentine stress the importance of deriving the guidelines for good practice from a text such as the Australian Association of Social Workers Code of Ethics.
As the name implies, they are fundamentally personal and idiosyncratic, and to be effective, they must be rationally constructed, by a self-conscious worker. Fook identifies the need to maintain “a broader vision of the mission of social work” to transcend everyday workplace distractions.
Mullen describes the dimensions and sub-dimension of a PPM, outlined below. It contains all elements of social work theory, linking what Payne describes as the three tiers; models of practice, explanatory theory and world perspectives.
Dimensions of the model.
Social Welfare and the Profession.
This requires a practitioner to have an understanding of the concept of social welfare, and the role of social work within this concept as well as any specialisations of social work.
Social Work.
A practitioner needs to understand the missions and objectives of social work, as well as philosophies that underpin it.
Clients.
A PPM needs to explain how the model centres around clients, and conceptualisation of the clients that is in line with the philosophies of social work.
Practitioner.
The use of self is fundamental to social work, and a practitioner needs to be self-conscious, and know what parts of themselves to use in practice, and which to leave out.
Relationship.
The relationship between client and practitioner is the most crucial workspace in social work, and the context that the relationship occurs is therefore a vital part of a PPM. A practitioner needs to consider which elements of a relationship are important, and which may be contrary to the notion of social work.
Agency.
The strengths and shortfalls of an agency can greatly help or hamper the social work process, and a worker needs to be aware of these to maximise the agency's benefit to the client.
Technique.
The technique a social worker uses is defined by all the preceding dimensions. The processes that a social worker uses needs to be consistent with the orienting theories that form their conception of social work.
Monitoring and Evaluation.
To maintain a validity with a PPM, social workers need a systemic plan that takes into account the relevance and effectiveness of practice.
Strengths and weaknesses of the concept.
Payne identified that an eclectic approach to theory has the benefits of increasing a workers effectiveness, but that this should not come at the expense of being “internally inconsistent or debas(ing) the full theory.” Mullen offers several criticisms of PPMs, that they are duplicative, time consuming and overly subjective. He offers responses to these three points, firstly in refuting the claim that they simply duplicate existing General Practice Models (GPM). A PPM allows for development and tweaking of GPMs, making them more relevant to individual practice. He concedes that they can be time consuming, but mostly in their inception, and that maintaining and developing them is much easier. As for the subjectivity of a PPM, workers need to be aware of this, and critically engaged with GPMs to bring esoteric theory and research into contact with everyday practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20067353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067353" title="Lovro Radonjić">
Lovro Radonjić

Lovro Radonjić (born November 26, 1925) is a Croat water polo player and butterfly swimmer who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Korčula, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
Radonjić was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1952 tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won again the silver medal with the Yugoslav team in the 1956 tournament. He played six matches.
In 1960 he participated in the 200 metre butterfly competition but he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20067355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067355" title="Macaura v Northern Assurance Co Ltd">
Macaura v Northern Assurance Co Ltd

Macaura v Northern Assurance Co Ltd AC 619 appeared before the House Of Lords concerning the principle of lifting the corporate veil. Unusually, the request to do so was in this case made by the corporation's owner.
Facts.
Mr Macaura owned the Killymoon estate in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. He sold the timber there to Irish Canadian Sawmills Ltd for 42,000 fully paid up £1 shares, making him the whole owner (with nominees). Mr Macaura was also an unsecured creditor for £19,000. He got insurance policies - but in his own name, not the company's - with Northern Assurance covering for fire. Two weeks later, there was a fire. Northern Assurance refused to pay up because the timber was owned by the company, and that because the company was a separate legal entity, it did not need to pay Mr Macaura any money.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held insurers were not liable on the contract, since the timber that perished in the fire did not belong to Mr Macaura, who held the insurance policy. Lord Sumner said, 
Lord Buckmaster, Wrenbury, Atkinson and Phillimore concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="20067360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067360" title="Fukuokakūkō Station">
Fukuokakūkō Station

History.
The station opened on 3 March 1993.
Lines.
The station is served by the Fukuoka City Subway Kūkō Line.
Station layout.
The platforms are located on the 2nd basement level.

</doc>
<doc id="20067367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067367" title="RAF Wymeswold">
RAF Wymeswold

RAF Wymeswold is a former Royal Air Force station located north-east of Loughborough, Leicestershire, England. The airfield is situated between Hoton, Wymeswold and Burton on the Wolds, lying in the current district of Charnwood.
History.
It was opened on 16 May 1942 during the Second World War and was home to Vickers Wellington bombers amongst others. It was not used for operations over Germany, but for training. It initially trained bomber pilots until 1944, then was taken over by RAF Transport Command, to train Douglas Dakota pilots. 
RAF Castle Donington was used as a satellite airfield which post-war has turned into East Midlands Airport.
Post-war.
From 1949 it was part of Fighter Command, flying Spitfires until 1950, then Meteors, although the aircraft were flown by the Royal Auxiliary Air Force. The RAuxAF was disbanded on 10 March 1957, which led to the closure of the airfield, after it had served as a satellite station of RAF Syerston for its BAC Jet Provost training aircraft.
Closure.
It was closed as an RAF station in early 1957, although it continued to be used for aircraft maintenance by various private organisations until 1968.
It did not close as an RAF Base in 1957 as RAF Syerston still used it as a satellite airfield in 1963.
Based units.
During the Second World War the airfield was home to Operational Training Units, however post war the airfield was used by squadrons flying new jets like the Hawker Hunter.
Current use.
The airfield is now disused although many of the original buildings remain and there is currently an industrial estate on the site; the runway still exists and is used for motorsport. 
The airfield is home to the UK's largest solar farm.
The entire airfield and associated buildings lie completely outside the civil parish of Wymeswold, with the north half being in Hoton, and the southern half in Prestwold. On the eastern fringe of the airfield is the Wymeswold Industrial Estate, where there is a go-karting facility. The Hoton-Wymeswold road runs alongside the airfield.
The airfield has also been host for regattas of land sailing.
In the early 1990s, there were plans for a 6,000 population new town to be built on the airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20067373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067373" title="Joseph Willis Margeson">
Joseph Willis Margeson

Joseph Willis Margeson (April 2, 1880 – 1925) was an educator, lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1917.
He was born in Harborville, King's County, the son of Otis A. Margeson and Jennie Cahill. Margeson was educated at the provincial normal school, Acadia University and Dalhousie University. He taught school for several years and was also principal of Berwick High School. In 1908, he married Mary Gertrude McIntosh. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in an 1909 by-election. Margeson resigned his seat in December 1917 to run unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons. He was lieutenant in the militia and served as captain and then major overseas in France during World War I. In 1917, Margeson was named president of the Pay and Allowance Board of the Militia Department in Ottawa and he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1918.
Margeson was a director of The News Company, which published the "Daily News" and "Weekly News" in Lunenburg. He was a member of the Freemasons and of the Independent Order of Foresters. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20067382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067382" title="Boško Vuksanović">
Boško Vuksanović

Boško Vuksanović (January 4, 1928 – April 4, 2011) (Бошко Вуксановић) was a Yugoslavian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Belgrade, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1952 tournament. He played six matches.
Four years later he was a squad member of the Yugoslav Olympic team in the 1956 tournament but did not play in a match.

</doc>
<doc id="20067387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067387" title="Kodimunai">
Kodimunai

Kodimunai (Tamil: கோடிமுனை) is a village located 22 km north-west of Kanyakumari at Southern Arabian seashore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The nearest major city is Thiruvananthapuram (capital of India state of Kerala) around 68 km from here.
Geography.
Kodimunai is located at .
Local Economy.
A significant number of the residents of Kodimunai do jobs related to fishing. This includes deep sea fishing, shallow water fishing, fishing from the shore (known as karamadi in the local language), fishing with mechanized boats, exporting fish, etc. Many of them work in a number of other fields like medicine, education, engineering, trading, cargo shipping, etc. However there is no noticeable local industry except for fishing. even most of the people discovered the passion towards fishing. of course they contribute certain pecentage to Indian GDP even though it is not recognized. soon kodimunai is going to be thrived in economy comparing to other villages. kodimunai do have reliable sources like fishing, thodu and some local stocks which made this village incomparable with other places of kanyakumari. proud to say 80% of the people having high standard of living like USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20067402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067402" title="Cameron Johnston">
Cameron Johnston

Cameron Johnston (born December 6, 1970 in Smithers, British Columbia, Canada) is an Australian freestyle wrestler. He competed for Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20067413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067413" title="Ballyheigue GAA">
Ballyheigue GAA

Ballyheigue GAA is a hurling and gaelic football club in north County Kerry, Ireland. The club competes at all levels of hurling at county and North Kerry and also plays some underage football as well as competing in the county junior football league and the county novice football shield.
History.
The club was founded in 1892. The field which is named after John Joe O'Sullivan was purchased in the 1950s. Club rooms were later built in 1974. A new ball alley, dressing rooms and a meeting room were opened in 2006. Willie Leen is president of the club and a trustee of the club grounds since the grounds were first acquired; Willie put his farm up as collateral in the Bank in order to secure a loan to buy the field. The club dressing rooms are names after the late Paddy Casey who was club chairman at the time of construction in recognition of his contribution to the project. Ballyheigue GAA have won the County Senior County Championship 5 times in 1946, 1992, 1996, 1997, 2000
Notable players.
Colm pender from kilmihil Co calre

</doc>
<doc id="20067437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067437" title="You're the One (Shane MacGowan &amp; Máire Brennan song)">
You're the One (Shane MacGowan &amp; Máire Brennan song)

"You're the One" is a duet by Máire Brennan and Shane MacGowan taken from the soundtrack to the motion picture "Circle of Friends". A promotional video was made to accompany the single featuring clips from the film in addition specially recorded shots of Máire and Shane. The two B-sides to the single are taken from Shane's album "The Snake".

</doc>
<doc id="20067439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067439" title="Higashi-Hie Station">
Higashi-Hie Station


</doc>
<doc id="20067442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067442" title="Spektr-UV">
Spektr-UV

The Spektr-UV, also known as World Space Observatory-Ultraviolet (WSO-UV), is a proposed space telescope intended for work in the 110 nm to 320 nm wavelength range. The launch is planned for 2017.
The observatory.
The main instrument of the observatory is 1.7-metre Ritchey-Chretien telescope. The telescope will be equipped by the following instruments:
History.
In October 2012 completed test antenna space telescope
Participating nations.
This international project is led by Russia (Roskosmos).
At present the international cooperation includes three basic participants:
Russia ( will provide the telescope, spacecraft, launch facilities, ground segment); Spain (ISSIS, ground segment); Germany (spectrographs). Ukraine and Kazakhstan also participate the project.
References.
The WSO-UV web-site: http://www.wso-uv.org

</doc>
<doc id="20067453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067453" title="Anthony Gilby">
Anthony Gilby

Anthony Gilby (c.1510-1585) was an English clergyman, known as a radical Puritan and Geneva Bible translator.
He was born in Lincolnshire, and was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge, graduating in 1535.
Early life.
He became a minister in Leicestershire and Calvinist. His "Answer to the Devilish Detection of Stephen Gardiner" was published in 1647 (as by AG), by John Day.
Marian exile.
He was then a Marian exile, in Basel, in Frankfurt where he associated with John Foxe and lodged him in 1554, and settled in Geneva from 1555. There he deputed for John Knox, with Christopher Goodman. He also wrote "An Admonition to England and Scotland" (1558), contesting the royal supremacy in the Church of England as imposed by Henry VIII. His work on the Geneva Bible, which was published in 1560, was as one of the main assistants to William Whittingham.
Under Elizabeth.
On his return to England when Elizabeth I took the throne, he became involved in the vestments controversy, and remained a dissident and polemicist. Though not very close to the Presbyterians of the Church of England, he supported John Field and Thomas Wilcox in their "First Admonition to Parliament" (1572), which was Presbyterian advocacy. 
He found a powerful protector in Henry Hastings, 3rd Earl of Huntingdon, and was able to live out his life as a lecturer at Ashby-de-la-Zouch. By assiduous networking, and the influence he had over education at the Ashby grammar school, Gilby became a Puritan leader. Huntingdon assured the continuation of the local evangelical tradition, after Gilby's death, by appointing Arthur Hildersham as rector at Ashby in 1587.

</doc>
<doc id="20067459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067459" title="Chempanoda">
Chempanoda

Chempanoda/Chempanod (ചെമ്പനോട) is a village towards the north east of Kozhikode district of Kerala in India. This place lies adjacent to the famous tourist spot Peruvannamuzhi . 
Chempanoda is an ideal tourist spot for people who love interior Kerala and its beauty. This village is surrounded by two beautiful reveres famous for its pristine clear water and mountains to the east (Western Ghats). 
People here are mainly into farming business and are planters of rubber trees, coconut trees, areca nut trees etc. The road through the village leads to an other village named Poozhithode which is a hilly area of reserved forests.
Tourist spots.
Peruvannamoozhy, a scenic village located 60 km Kozhikode city, Kerala has been included in the list of eco-tourism destinations in Kerala with the Tourism Minister inaugurating the eco-tourism project here on August 10, 2008.Peruvannamuzhi Dam is one of the most beautiful dams in Kerala.
An ecological hotspot in the Western Ghats, the eco tourism destination of Peruvannamoozhy is home to over 680 species of rare plants. The facilities available here include wild animal rehabilitation centre, bird sanctuary, crocodile farm, snake park, spice garden, trekking and boating. The reservoir here provides facilities for speedboat and rowboat cruises.There is a beautiful garden called Smaraka Thottam,which is built in the memory of the freedom fighters of the region. Uninhabited islands add to the charm of the place. 
The area is an ideal location for nature enthusiasts. The irrigation dam and the garden nearby are added attractions.As part of eco tourism initiatives, the following facilities have been created:
What to do/Visit in Peruvannamoozhy
Location of Peruvannamuzhi :
The Peruvannamuzhi Dam is located 60km from the Kozhikode city. You could reach here by private bus or by taxi.
Where to stay at Peruvannamuzhi :
There are many rest houses and hotels surrounding the Peruvannamuzhi Dam. They would also provide you best, traditional as well as modern food stuffs.
When to come Peruvannamuzhi Dam
There is no particular season to come Peruvannamuzhi Dam. But it would be better to come here in summer seasons (Mar-May) for boat riding. You should also reach here before 6pm since the Peruvannamuzhi Dam closes by 6pm. The Peruvannamuzhi Dam is also close on national holidays and Sundays.
How to reach Peruvannamuzhi Dam
1) By Road : The Peruvannamuzhi Dam can be reached by road within two hours from Kozhikode city.
2) By Rail : The nearby railway station is Vatakara Railway Station.
3) By Air : The nearby airport is Karipur International Airport
Janakikadu is a thick forest which attracts thousands of tourists every year.There is a wide variety of birds in this forest.An ecological hotspot in the Western Ghats, the eco tourism destination of Janakikadu is home to over 680 species of rare plants. 
This region offers immense scope for picnicking and Trekking programmes. The area is an ideal location for nature enthusiasts. The 360º scenic view of the valley from the top of Pottiyapara is breathtaking.
Climate.
Chempanoda has a generally humid tropicalclimate with a very hot season extending from March to May. The average annual rainfall is more than 3500 mm.this is one of the highest rain fall region in Calicut district.
Demographics.
Christians constitute majority of the population, followed by Muslim and Hindu communities respectively. The majority of the inhabitants are successors of, migrants from the Southern districts of Kerala(Mid-Travancore).

</doc>
<doc id="20067463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067463" title="William Summers">
William Summers

William Summers (4 November 1853 - 1 January 1893) was a British politician and barrister. He was born in Stalybridge, the second son of John Summers, the local ironmaster, and his wife Mary.
Education.
William Summers was educated at the private school of a Mr. Wood, Alderley Edge, Cheshire, after which he entered Owens College in about 1869. After gaining honours in the College examinations. he studied for a BA at the university of London and became an associate of the college in 1872. In 1874 he entered University College, Oxford, and in 1877 took the BA degree with a second class. He followed this up with an MA degree at the University of London where he was awarded the Gold Medal in classics. When he left Oxford he was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1881.
Political career.
In 1880 he was elected as Liberal member of parliament for Stalybridge, unseating the sitting Conservative MP, Tom Harrop Sidebottom. Five years later Sidebottom regained the seat.
In 1886 he returned to the Commons as MP for Huddersfield, and was re-elected in 1892.
He was unwell at the time of the 1892 election campaign, and was unable to attend a number of meetings. In October 1892 he sailed for Bombay with the twin objects of improving his health and gathering information on Indian affairs. He died at Allahabad from malignant smallpox aged 39.

</doc>
<doc id="20067474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067474" title="Eija Krogerus">
Eija Krogerus

Eija Krogerus (born 19 June 1932 in Helsinki) was a well known bowler in Finland. She played in the National Team continuously for 21 years, from 1962 until 1983.
She has won medals and success on national, Nordic and international levels, excelling in World and European Championships. She played in six World Championships, five European Championships and eleven times in Nordic Championships and retired from the National Team after the European Cup Individual 1983.
She competed in the 1972 AMF World Cup held in Magallanes, Philippines and voted "Sportswoman of the Year".
Krogerus was inducted into the WBW International Bowling Hall of Fame in 2002, almost twenty years after retiring from competitive bowling at 51 years of age.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20067479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067479" title="Adam Courchaine (ice hockey, born 1984)">
Adam Courchaine (ice hockey, born 1984)

Adam Courchaine (born May 23, 1984, in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for Krefeld Pinguine of the German Bundesliga (DEL).
Playing career.
Growing up in Winnipeg, Courchaine dominated at the minor hockey level with the AAA-midget Winnipeg Warriors, putting up 119 points in 50 games. In 2001–02, he joined the major junior ranks with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was traded during his rookie season to the Vancouver Giants during their inaugural season and became a cornerstone for the franchise in its beginning years. Courchaine put up a team-high 85 points in his first full season with the Giants, helping them to their first playoff appearance in 2003. His 43 goals established a Giants' franchise record which remained unbroken until Evander Kane surpassed the mark in 2008–09. Courchaine was also named a WHL West Second Team All-Star and was subsequently chosen in the off-season by the Minnesota Wild, 219th overall, in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. 
He played two more seasons with the Giants, leading them in scoring for a second consecutive season in 2003–04 with 82 points while being named to the WHL West First All-Star Team. In four seasons with the Giants, Courchaine led the team in scoring twice and accumulated a franchise all-time leading 126 goals and 273 points in 241 games until both records were broken in 2012 by Brendan Gallagher. His 147 assists was also a franchise record until it was surpassed by defenceman Jonathon Blum on February 7, 2009.
Graduating from major junior in 2005–06, Courchaine was assigned to the Wild's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Houston Aeros. However, he was a regular healthy scratch and was demoted to the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) where he played with the Pensacola Ice Pilots and Gwinnett Gladiators.
Although Courchaine was signed overseas by Zell Am See of Austria, he spent the 2006–07 season inactive. The following season, Courchaine played in the German Bundesliga with the Duisburg Foxes. He enjoyed more success than his rookie season in the minors and led Duisburg in scoring with 50 points. In the following 2008–09 season, he joined fellow German team, the DEG Metro Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20067481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067481" title="Harike Wetland">
Harike Wetland

Harike Wetland also known as "Hari-ke-Pattan", with the Harike Lake in the deeper part of it, is the largest wetland in northern India in the Tarn Taran Sahib district of the Punjab state in India. The wetland and the lake were formed by constructing the Head works across the Sutlej river, in 1953. The headworks is located downstream of the confluence of the Beas and Sutlej rivers. The rich biodiversity of the wetland which plays a vital role in maintaining the precious hydrological balance in the catchment with its vast concentration of migratory fauna of waterfowls including a number of globally threatened species (stated to be next only to the Keoladeo National Park near Bharatpur) has been responsible for the recognition accorded to this wetland in 1990, by the Ramsar Convention, as one of the Ramasar sites in India, for conservation, development and preservation of the ecosystem.:
This man-made, riverine, lacustrine wetland spreads into the three districts of Amritsar, Ferozepur and Kapurthala in Punjab and covers an area of 4100 ha. Conservation of this Wetland has been given due importance, since 1987–88, both by the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India and the Punjab State Government (through its several agencies), and over the years several studies and management programmes have been implemented.
Access.
Harike or Hari-ke-Pattan as it is popularly called, is the nearest town to the wetland is Makhu(Ferozepur) Railway Station and Bus Stand is situated 10 km south of the Harike town, which connects to Ferozpur, Faridkot and Bhatinda by the National Highway.
Hydrology and engineering aspects.
Monsoon climate dominates the catchment draining into the wetland. The headworks built on the Sutlej River downstream of its confluence with Beas River and the reservoir created, which form the Harike lake and the enlarged wetland, is a purposeful project, which acts as the Headworks for irrigation and drinking water supplies, through the Ferozepur, Rajasthan and Makku feeder canals with total carrying capacity of , to supply to the command areas located in the states of Punjab and Rajasthan. The grand Indira Gandhi Canal in Rajasthan is fed from this source. The lake is triangular in shape, with its apex in the west, bounded by a bund called the Dhussi Bund forming one side, a canal in the second and a major road on the third. The periphery of the lake is surrounded by agricultural land and the wetland is reported to be rich in ground water resources.
Water quality.
The Punjab State Council for Science & Technology has reported that the water quality of the lake is mostly of ‘A’ Class as per the designated best use criteria even though large volumes of polluted water discharge into the wetland from industries and urban centres.
Biodiversity.
The rich biodiversity of the wetland, with several species of birds, species of turtles, species of snakes, taxa of amphibians, taxa of fishes and taxa of invertebrates, is reportedly unique.
Bird sanctuary.
The wetland was declared a bird sanctuary in 1982 and named as Harike Pattan Bird Sanctuary with an extended area of 8600 ha. Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) carried out research and a bird ringing programme during the period 1980–85. An Ornithological field laboratory was proposed to be established by BNHS.
200 species of birds visit the wetland during winter season of which some of the well known species ("some are pictured in the gallery") are the 1) Cotton Pygmy Goose (genus Nettapus), 2) Tufted Duck (Aythya fuligula), 3) Yellow-crowned Woodpecker (Dendrocopos mahrattensis), 4) Yellow-eyed Pigeon or Pale-backed Pigeon, 5) Water Cock (Gallicrex cinerea), 6) Pallas's Gull or Great Black-headed Gull (Ichthyaetus ichthyaetus), 7) Brown-headed Gull (Chroicocephalus brunnicephalus), 8) Black-headed Gull (Chroicocephalus ridibundus), 9) Yellow-footed Gull (Larus michahellis), 10) Indian Skimmer (Rynchops albicollis), 11) White-winged Tern (Chlidonias leucopterus), 12) White-romped Vulture, 13) Hen Harrier (Circus cyaneus), 14) Eurasian Tree Sparrow (Passer montanus), 15) Hawk (subfamily Accipitrinae), 16) Eurasian Hobby (Falco subbuteo), 17) Horned Grebe (Podiceps auritus), 18) Black-necked Grebe (Podiceps nigricollis), 19) Great Crested Grebe Podiceps cristatus), 20) White-browed Fantail (Rhipidura aureola), 21) Brown Shrike (Lanius cristatus), 22) Common Woodshrike (Tephrodornis pondicerianus), 23) White-tailed Stonechat (Saxicola leucurus), 24) White-crowned Penduline-tit (Remiz coronatus), 25) Rufous-vented Prinia (Prinia burnesii), 26) Striated Grassbird (Megalurus palustris), 27)Cetti's Warbler(Cettia cetti), 28) Sulphur-bellied Warbler (Phylloscopus griseolus) and 29) Diving duck (pochards).
Vegetation.
The wetland’s rich floating vegetation comprises the following:
Dalbergia sissoo, Acacia nilotica, Zizyphus sp, Ficus sp, alien Prosopis juliflora in large clumps and other trees are planted along the embankment. The State Wildlife Department has constructed earthen mounds in the marsh area with trees planted on it to increase nesting sites for the birds.
Aqua fauna.
Endangered Testudines Turtle and Smooth Indian Otter or Smooth-coated Otter, listed in the IUCN (The International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources) Redlist of Threatened Animals, are found in the wetland.
26 species of fish are recorded which include Rohu, Catla, Puntius, Cirrhina Channa, Mystus, Notopterus ornata, Cyprinus, and Ambassis ranga.
Invertebrates recorded are: Molluscs (39 & 4 taxa), Insects (6 & 32 taxa), Crustaceans (27 taxa), Annelids (7 taxa), Nematodes (7 & 4 taxa), Rotifers (59 & 13 taxa), and Protozoans (5 & 21 taxa).
Indus Dolphins.
The Indus dolphin (Platanista gangetica minor) supposed to have become extinct in India after 1930, but largely found in the Indus river system in Pakistan, was recently sighted in the Beas River in Harike wetland area. This aquatic mammal classified as a critically endangered species in the Red Data Book of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources is considered a significant find. The dolphins were discovered by Basanta Rajkumar, IFS who was the officer in charge of the area while touring the area on a motorboat on the morning of December 14, 2007. Freshwater dolphin conservationist of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF)-India team, who were called in to help in surveying the area after the discovery, sighted a family of half a dozen dolphins at two different places along the 25-km stretch upstream of the Beas and thus confirmed the veracity of the claim made by the forest officials of the State govt. of finding the Indus dolphin in the wetland area. An authority on freshwater dolphins with the endangered species management wing of the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun has also confirmed this finding. Discovering it in the year 2007, which was declared by the United Nations as Dolphin Year, was considered a special event. However, in the same Beas River, about 140 km downstream of the Harike Barrage in Pakistan territory, Indus dolphins are commonly found.
Wetland degradation.
The wetland which is in existence since 1953 underwent changes over the years due several factors, some of which are: 
Restoration measures.
The gravity of the degraded status of the wetland has been addressed for implementing several restoration measures by a plethora of organizations/agencies/research institutions of the central and state governments and also the Indian Army Units located in the area. The measures undertaken to conserve the wetland have covered the following actions.
The Chief Minister of the State of Punjab instituted, in 1998, the Harike Wetland Conservation Mission to: 
"a) To prepare a Master Plan for the integrated conservation and development of the Harike wetland; 
b) To undertake specific projects and programmes for the conservation of the ecosystem of the Harike region; 
c) To regulate, screen and monitor all development activities which have a bearing on the Harike wetland ecosystem;
d) To evaluate all plans and proposals of all departments of the Government which concern the future of Harike"
"Through a number of innovative methods, we succeeded in making dynamic booms, and winches etc. After the operation, we have placed static and dynamic booms at strategic points in the Harike Lake to hold back the floating mats of water hyacinth so that it doesn’t spread. At the end of six months of untiring labour by our team, we had opened four channels, which had got choked with silt over the years. We also planted 750 saplings of plants of two years of age on the island for birds to nest and roost in future". 
World wetlands day.
On February 2, 2003 the World Wetlands Day was celebrated at Harike with the watchword "No-wetlands-No Water", which also marked the "International Year of Freshwater."

</doc>
<doc id="20067499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067499" title="Fortunius">
Fortunius

Fortunius (Italicized Fortunio) may be

</doc>
<doc id="20067505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067505" title="Lower North East Road, Adelaide">
Lower North East Road, Adelaide

Lower North East Road or Payneham Road or A11 highway is a road connected to National Route A17 (Portrush Road) in South Australia. This major arterial road in Adelaide's North East begins at Glynde, South Australia and continues through to its terminus at Hope Valley, where it meets the Eastern Terminus of Grand Junction Road. It is used as an alternative route to the more congested North East Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20067516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067516" title="Cook v Deeks">
Cook v Deeks

Cook v Deeks is a Canadian company law case, relevant also for UK company law, concerning the illegitimate diversion of a corporate opportunity. It was decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, at that time the court of last resort within the British Empire, on appeal from the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of Ontario, Canada.
Because decisions of the Judicial Committee have persuasive value in the United Kingdom, even when decided under the law of another member of the Commonwealth, this decision has been followed in the United Kingdom courts. In UK company law the case would now be seen as falling within the Companies Act 2006 section 175, with a failure to have ratification of breach by independent shareholders under section 239.
Facts.
The Toronto Construction Co. had four directors, Mr GM Deeks, Mr GS Deeks, Mr Hinds and Mr Cook. It helped in construction of railways in Canada. The first three directors wanted to exclude Mr Cook from the business. Each held a quarter of the company's shares. GM Deeks, GS Deeks, and Hinds took a contract with the Canadian Pacific Railway Company (for building a line at the Guelph Junction and Hamilton branch) in their own names. They then passed a shareholder resolution declaring that the company had no interest in the contract. Mr Cook claimed that the contract did belong to the Toronto Construction Co and the shareholder resolution ratifying their actions should not be valid because the three directors used their votes to carry it.
Advice.
The Privy Council advised that the three directors had breached their duty of loyalty to the company, that the shareholder ratification was a fraud on Mr Cook as a minority shareholder and invalid. The result was that the profits made on the contractual opportunity were to be held on trust for the Toronto Construction Co.
Lord Buckmaster said that the three had,

</doc>
<doc id="20067535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067535" title="1921 Italian Grand Prix">
1921 Italian Grand Prix

The 1921 Italian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20067548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067548" title="Gordon McLeod">
Gordon McLeod

Gordon McLeod may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067552" title="Shin-Tamana Station">
Shin-Tamana Station

Lines.
Shin-Tamana Station is served by the Kyushu Shinkansen.

</doc>
<doc id="20067558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067558" title="Drum lines">
Drum lines

A drum line is an unmanned aquatic trap used to lure and capture large sharks using baited hooks. They are typically deployed near popular swimming beaches with the intention of reducing the number of sharks in the vicinty and therefore the probability of shark attack. Drum lines are often used in association with shark nets (used to offer further protection by enclosing designated swimming areas), the drum line has been proven to be more effective at catching the three most dangerous shark species (Great white, Bull and Tiger). The combination of drum lines and shark nets has been successful in reducing shark attacks in the areas protected by them. Since the shark nets and drum lines have been put into use, there has only been one death caused by a shark attack on a protected beach. In January 2014, drum lines were introduced in Western Australia to catch sharks. The topic became a nation-wide controversy and sparked public demonstrations and vocal opposition, particularly from environmentalists, animal welfare advocates and ocean activists.
Description.
The drum line consists of a floating drum (a barrel) with two lines attached to it. One line is attached to an anchor on the sea floor, while the other features a large baited shark hook. The drum is filled with a rigid polyurethane foam, which keeps it buoyant and prevents it from being stolen for use as a storage vessel. In order to attract sharks, the hooks are baited with red mullet and false jacopever. Since the objective of the drum line is to prevent sharks from approaching popular beaches (and not to attract them) only about 500 grams of bait is added to each hook. Thus sharks are only attracted to the baits from several hundred meters away.
Advantages.
Drum lines were first deployed to protect users of the marine environment from sharks in Queensland, Australia in 1962. During this time, they were just as successful in reducing the frequency of shark attacks as the shark nets on the beaches in New South Wales, Australia and KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. While shark nets and drum lines share the same purpose, drum lines are more effective at targeting the three sharks that are considered most dangerous to swimmers: the bull shark, tiger shark and Great white shark. Drum Lines physically attract sharks using bait while shark nets allow the sharks to swim over or around them. Shark nets are responsible for significant bycatch mortalities including Dugongs, Dolphins and Sea Turtles all of which are protected species in Australian waters. Several harmless species of sharks are also caught. The bycatch, or unintended catch, of drum lines are likely to be less than those of shark nets. Drum lines are superior because they reduce the number of shark attacks just as effectively as shark nets, with reduced bycatch.
Disadvantages.
Shark attacks themselves are extremely rare compared to other types of deaths; between 2004 and 2008 there was an average of 4 fatal shark attacks recorded per year. Depending on their size, a minority of sharks survive being caught on a drum line. The combination of drum lines and shark nets do not directly lead to extinction, but they also do not give the population room to recover from being endangered of extinction. Drum lines are also responsible for bycatch, possibly including dolphins and sea turtles, both of which are fully protected in Australian waters. There is evidence of Dolphins stealing bait on numerous occasions, thus rendering the drumlines useless.
Controversy.
Prior to 2014, drum lines were only utilised on Australia's eastern coast and in South Africa where the numbers of attacks reduced dramatically. In 2014, the Western Australian government reacted to the loss of seven human lives in a relatively short period of time and installed drumlines along around 60 km of its 20,000 km long coastline. The policy has been the subject of national and international protests, coming under fire from marine conservationists and animal welfare advocates and their supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="20067561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067561" title="Carsten Herrmann-Pillath">
Carsten Herrmann-Pillath

Carsten Herrmann-Pillath ( born 1959 in Dessau, Saxony-Anhalt) is a German German economist and sinologist. He is the professor of Evolutionary economics at Witten/Herdecke University since 1996 and since 2008 professor at Frankfurt School of Finance & Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20067562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067562" title="Times Business Solutions Limited">
Times Business Solutions Limited

Times Business Solutions Limited (TBSL) is a limited company, wholly owned by Bennett Coleman Company Limited (The Times Group). TBSL develops web sites within areas such as recruitment, real estate and matrimonials.
History.
TBSL started as a division of BCCL in 2004 with the mission to create an exchange for job seekers and employers on the internet. With the growth of internet attaining rapid speed and being a highly profitable venture, TBSL was born as the "Internet Initiatives" of BCCL.

</doc>
<doc id="20067573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067573" title="Gordon McLeod (actor)">
Gordon McLeod (actor)

Gordon McLeod (27 December 1890, Market Giffard, Ivybridge, Devon – 1961) was an English actor, born Charles Gordon McLeod.
His film appearances include "Chance of a Lifetime" and "The Silent Passenger", but he is best known for his recurring appearance as the character Claud Eustace Teal in films such as "The Saint Meets the Tiger".

</doc>
<doc id="20067619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067619" title="A Case of Exploding Mangoes">
A Case of Exploding Mangoes

A Case of Exploding Mangoes (2008)
is a comic novel by the Pakistani writer Mohammed Hanif based on the plane crash that killed General Muhammad Zia ul-Haq, former president of Pakistan. The book has a dark satirical style.
Plot summary.
The central theme of the book is a fictitious story behind the real life plane crash which killed General Zia, president of Pakistan from 1977 to 1988, about which there are many conspiracy theories. After witnessing a tank parade in Bahawalpur, Zia left the small Punjabi town in the C-130 Hercules aircraft designated 'Pak One'.
Shortly after a smooth take-off, the control tower loses contact with the aircraft. Witnesses who saw the plane in the air later claimed it was flying erratically, before nosediving and exploding on impact, killing General Zia and several other senior army generals, in addition to Arnold Raphel, the US Ambassador to Pakistan, and General Herbert M. Wassom, the head of the U.S. Military aid mission to Pakistan. Zia had ruled Pakistan for 11 years prior to his death.
The book develops through the eyes of the narrator, Ali Shigri, a Junior Officer in the Pakistani Air Force who seeks revenge for the death of his father, which he is convinced, although apparently a suicide, was orchestrated by General Zia himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20067620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067620" title="Gordon McLeod (basketball)">
Gordon McLeod (basketball)

Gordon "Gordie" McLeod (born 7 November 1956 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional basketball player and current head coach of the Wollongong Hawks in Australia's National Basketball League.
Professional career.
McLeod was already known as one of Australia's more talented point guards when the new NBL started in 1979. He joined his home town team the Illawarra Hawks for the inaugural season playing 17 games and averaging 10.1 points per game.
McLeod was appointed captain of the Hawks and would continue to lead the team until the end of the 1982 season. After 82 games in the red and white of Illawarra he would sign with the Sydney Supersonics for 1983. After just one season in Sydney, McLeod would re-join the Hawks from 1984, regaining the club captaincy. His return helped the Hawks make the NBL playoffs for the first time in the clubs history. The team lost the Elimination Final 101-108 to the Newcastle Falcons. McLeod had a career best 15.8 points per game during the 1984 NBL season.
The Hawks missed the finals in 1985 but the club made it as far as the semi-finals in 1986 where they lost to eventual champions Adelaide and again in 1987 where they lost a three game series again to the eventual league champions, the Brisbane Bullets. McLeods own form saw him score 9.1 points per game in 1986 and 12.4 points per game in 1987.
Following the 1988 season, McLeod again left the Illawarra Hawks, this time joining the Hobart Devils. He would play two seasons with the struggling Devils before joining 1990 NBL grand finalist Brisbane for the 1991 season. After the Bullets failed to repeat their 1990 form and failed to make the NBL finals, McLeod retired from playing professional basketball at the age of 34.
International career.
McLeod played for the Australian Boomers at the 1978 FIBA World Championship in the Philippines, helping the team to a then best 7th place. He also represented the Boomers at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow where the team finished in 8th position despite the boycott of the games by the gold medal favourite United States.
Coaching career.
McLeod started his NBL coaching career as the first head coach of the West Sydney Razorbacks in 1998. He would lead the team to the 2002 NBL grand final series against the Adelaide 36ers though the Razorbacks would lose the three game series one game to two. He would lead the Razorbacks to a second NBL grand final in the 2003–04 NBL season. In the first ever five game series the Razorbacks would lose to their cross-town rivals the Sydney Kings 2-3 in a close series. After leading by as much as 17 points in the 3rd period and 79-72 with only 3:10 left in the deciding Game 5, the 'Pigs' were overrun by a suddenly red-hot Kings team who scored the last 18 points of the game to win 90-79.
Despite leading them to the Grand Final in 2004, McLeod was not retained by the Razorbacks for the 2004–05 NBL season. He would sign to be the head coach of the leagues new Singapore Slingers team for the 2006–07 NBL season, leading them to the NBL playoffs in their first year in the league.
After the Slingers withdrew from the NBL following the 2007–08 season, McLeod was appointed as assistant coach of the Aussie Boomers squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where they finished in 7th place with a 3-3 record.
McLeod re-joined the Wollongong Hawks as head coach for the 2009–10 NBL season, leading the team to a second place regular season finish with a 16-12 record. The Hawks fought their way into their third NBL grand final where they lost one game to two to the Perth Wildcats. McLeod was rewarded for his coaching efforts during the season as he won his first NBL Coach of the Year award.
The Hawks had an injury hit season in 2010–11 and they just missed the playoffs despite a 15-13 record. McLeod finished the year with a career NBL coaching record of 149-173, moving him to 14th in all time coaching career wins.

</doc>
<doc id="20067628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067628" title="Blind Husbands">
Blind Husbands

Blind Husbands is a 1919 drama film directed by Erich von Stroheim. The film is an adaptation of the story "The Pinnacle" by Stroheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20067629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067629" title="Bridging model">
Bridging model

In computer science, a bridging model is an abstract model of a computer which provides a conceptual bridge between the physical implementation of the machine and the abstraction available to a programmer of that machine; in other words, it is intended to provide a common level of understanding between hardware and software engineers.
A successful bridging model is one which can be efficiently implemented in reality and efficiently targeted by programmers; in particular, it should be possible for a compiler to produce good code from a typical high-level language. The term was introduced by Leslie Valiant's 1990 paper "A Bridging Model for Parallel Computation", which argued that the strength of the von Neumann model was largely responsible for the success of computing as a whole. The paper goes on to develop the bulk synchronous parallel model as an analogous model for parallel computing.

</doc>
<doc id="20067651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067651" title="Pilgrim Pictures">
Pilgrim Pictures

Pilgrim Pictures is the name of two production companies, one from the mid 20th century and one from the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="20067656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067656" title="1985 European Junior Swimming Championships">
1985 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 1985 European Junior Swimming Championships were held from July 25 to July 28, 1985 in Geneva, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20067659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067659" title="Eugène Vaulot">
Eugène Vaulot

Eugène Vaulot was a Frenchman with the rank of Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Early life.
Eugene Vaulot was born in Paris in 1923. He trained to be an electrician, then volunteered to join the Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism (L.V.F.), taking part in the fighting at Lake Djukovo on the outskirts of Moscow in the winter of 1941/42.
He was then involved in anti-partisan duties on the central Eastern Front, before being partially disabled from wounds which forced him to leave the L.V.F. in 1943 with the rank of Obergefreiter.
Career.
Not content with civilian life in 1944 he again volunteered for service, this time with the German Navy and was made a squad leader with 3rd Platoon, 4th Company, 28th Schiffstammabteilung, which would be incorporated virtually intact into the 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Charlemagne (1st French) in the autumn of 1944.
Awards.
During the subsequent battles for Elsenau, Pomerania and Kolberg he was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class for his "fearless and dynamic conduct".
Vaulot proved to be an expert at close combat and was a skilled practitioner of anti-tank warfare with hand-held weapons and was held in high esteem by his commanding officers.
During the Battle of Berlin, after Vaulot destroyed two tanks in the Neukoelln sector, he jested to his comrades that he had done so "just to get in shape for the battles yet to come."
In the following battles he personally destroyed another six tanks that had been advancing on the Reich Chancellery and the Führerbunker. This deed brought him the nomination of the Knight’s Cross by SS-Brigadeführer Wilhelm Mohnke which was personally bestowed upon him on 29 April 1945 by SS-Brigadeführer, Gustav Krukenberg.
Death.
Eugene Vaulot was killed in action by a Red Army sniper on 2 May 1945, just two days after being awarded the Knight's Cross, and less than a week before the German surrender.

</doc>
<doc id="20067668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067668" title="William Archer (naturalist)">
William Archer (naturalist)

William Archer (6 May 1830 (1827?) – 14 August 1897) was an Irish naturalist and microscopist especially interested in Protozoa and Desmids.
He was born in Magherahamlet, County Down, the eldest son of Rev Richard Archer, vicar of Clonduff.
He was one of the twelve founder (1849) members of the Dublin Microscopical Club. Between 1858 and 1885 he wrote over 230 scientific papers in the Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science, Proceedings of the Natural History Society of Dublin, the vast majority are short notes on desmids collected in Ireland.Sometimes the same article was published in two or more journals. 
He was a Member of the Dublin University Zoological Association and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1875.
He was appointed Librarian of the National Library of Ireland from 1877 to 1895. "Archer was my chief in the National Library of Ireland during my first three years of service there - a rather dreamy man, prematurely old (for he took no care of his health), living in a small house in Hatch-street with a scapegrace young nephew and a would-be housekeeper, and spending his off-time chiefly in the reading-room of the Royal Dublin Society next door to the National Library. He forgot even his meals sometimes. Once when he had gone on leave a marked odour began to pervade the Librarian’s office, which grew so insistent as the days went by that the Head Attendant and I were forced to investigate. We eventually found in his private drawer two herrings, very much the worse for wear!" Robert Lloyd Praeger "Some Irish naturalists: A Biographical Note-book" W.Tempest, Dundalgan Press, Dundalk, 1949

</doc>
<doc id="20067683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067683" title="Pogmoor">
Pogmoor

Pogmoor is an area of the metropolitan borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England. It is located to the west of Barnsley, and just north of junction 37 of the M1 motorway.
As a centrally located suburb, situated close to the town centre, it is considered to be an affluent residential neighbourhood of Barnsley.
Penny Pie Park is also located in the Pogmoor area.

</doc>
<doc id="20067690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067690" title="Kazunori Yoshimoto">
Kazunori Yoshimoto


</doc>
<doc id="20067703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067703" title="Erythrina caffra">
Erythrina caffra

Erythrina caffra, the Coast Coral Tree or African coral tree, is a tree native to southeastern Africa, which is often cultivated and has introduced populations in India. It is the official tree of Los Angeles, California in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20067706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067706" title="Yohei Otake">
Yohei Otake

Club career stats.
As of 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20067710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067710" title="Gautam Bhatia">
Gautam Bhatia

Gautam Bhatia (born 1952) is one of the most famous architecture authors in India. He is known for telling architecture tales humorously. He has written "Punjabi Baroque" and "Comic Century". 
He graduated in Fine Arts and earned a Master's in Architecture from the University of Pennsylvania. Early in his career he worked with Laurie Baker. He is based in New Delhi. As a critic and satirist, he writes columns for Outlook magazine and Indian Express newspaper, and his columns have also appeared in New York Times

</doc>
<doc id="20067714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067714" title="John Waddington">
John Waddington

John Waddington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20067727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067727" title="Into My Heart">
Into My Heart

Into My Heart is a 1998 motion picture featuring Rob Morrow and Claire Forlani. It premiered at the Venice Film Festival on September 9, 1998, the drama documents a love triangle involving a woman and two childhood friends, focusing on the themes of marriage, adultery and betrayal. It was written and directed by Anthony Stark and Sean Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20067733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067733" title="Kota Ogi">
Kota Ogi


</doc>
<doc id="20067746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067746" title="1922 French Grand Prix">
1922 French Grand Prix

The 1922 French Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Strasbourg on 16 July 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20067759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067759" title="Asín (surname)">
Asín (surname)

Asín is a surname originating from Spain.
The Asín lineage of infanzones derives from the village of Asín de Broto, attested from the reigns of Pedro II and Jaime I (13th century), members of lower nobility from the reign of Pedro IV (14th century).
People with the name Asín:

</doc>
<doc id="20067762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067762" title="Yusuke Kondo">
Yusuke Kondo


</doc>
<doc id="20067764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067764" title="Maude Allen">
Maude Allen

Maude Allen (November 30, 1879 – November 7, 1956) was an American character actress.
She appeared in several Hollywood films in the 1930s and 1940s, including small roles in "Show Boat" (1936), "San Francisco" (1936), and as "Dutchess" in the serial "The Adventures of Red Ryder" (1940).

</doc>
<doc id="20067787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067787" title="Kenta Mukuhara">
Kenta Mukuhara

Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Emperor's Cup.
2Includes J. League Cup.
3Includes AFC Champions League.
4Includes Suruga Bank Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20067791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067791" title="Gofukumachi Station (Fukuoka)">
Gofukumachi Station (Fukuoka)

Lines.
The station is served by the Hakozaki Line.
History.
The station opened on 20 April 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20067800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067800" title="With Morning Comes Mistfall">
With Morning Comes Mistfall

"With Morning Comes Mistfall" is a science fiction story by American author George R. R. Martin, published by "Analog" magazine in May 1973. It was the first story by Martin to be nominated for Hugo Award and Nebula Award. It was included in published in his 2003 anthology "Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective" (Volume I).
"With Morning Comes Mistfall" is set in the same fictional universe as several of Martin's other works, including "Dying of the Light", "A Song for Lya", and the stories collected in "Tuf Voyaging".
Plot summary.
The story takes place on a barely habitable planet (Wraithworld) with unusual weather conditions. Each morning in a wonderful phenomenon the mist comes down from the mountains escaping the daylight, revealing the beauty of the planet. This phenomenon is called Mistfall.
The planet is home to only few people mostly because it is believed that its mist-covered valleys are occupied by wraiths, claimed to have killed a number of humans. Wraiths are also the main things that attract visitors to the place. The only establishment on the planet is a hotel (Castle Cloud) mounted on top of one of the mountains. The castle is visited by Wraith-Hunters, people looking for a thrill, for something unknown, unexplored.
The novel tells a story of the expedition set out to find the proof of Wraith existence or once and for all establish that they are nothing more than a myth. The owner of the only establishment on the planet fears either answer. He clearly doesn't want to have the mystery of Wraiths uncovered.
The main theme of the story is a clash between two views of the world, one very logical, pragmatic, physical, and the other one romantic and spiritual. It shows that not all mysteries need to be uncovered, not all secrets revealed, that unknown is not always bad, that it keeps people searching, asking questions, coming back. What is known for certain, is often taken for granted and then loses attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="20067802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067802" title="Cavalier Computer">
Cavalier Computer

Cavalier Computer, later Cavalier Computer Corporation, is a defunct software company that produced games for the Apple II family of computers. The company was founded in 1981 by high school classmates James Nitchals and Barry Printz and achieved an early success with "Bug Attack", a popular clone of the arcade game "Centipede" that ranked among the top 30 software titles of 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20067810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067810" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Charlemagne (1st French)">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Charlemagne (1st French)

The 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Charlemagne (1st French) and "Charlemagne" Regiment are collective names used for units of French volunteers in the Wehrmacht and later Waffen-SS during World War II. The "Charlemagne" division was formed in 1944 from an amalgam of troops serving in other French units of the German armed forces, as well as from the paramilitary Franc-Garde of the Milice.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
Knight's Cross.
Four members of the division were awarded the Knight's Cross, all during the Battle of Berlin:

</doc>
<doc id="20067812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067812" title="Kohei Shimoda">
Kohei Shimoda


</doc>
<doc id="20067841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067841" title="2009 World Touring Car Championship season">
2009 World Touring Car Championship season

The 2009 World Touring Car Championship season was the sixth FIA World Touring Car Championship season, the fifth since its 2005 return. It began on 8 March, and ended on 22 November, after twenty-four races. The championship, which was reserved for Super 2000 Cars and Diesel 2000 Cars, comprised two titles, the FIA World Touring Car Champion for Drivers and the FIA World Touring Car Champion for Manufacturers.
Italian Gabriele Tarquini won the Drivers' Championship by four points from SEAT Sport team-mate Yvan Muller, with BMW Team Germany's Augusto Farfus finishing third ten points behind Muller. The Manufacturers Championship was retained by SEAT beating BMW by just three points. Tom Coronel took the Independents' Trophy for SUNRED Engineering, which won the Teams' Trophy.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers contested the 2009 FIA World Touring Car Championship:
Driver changes.
Changed Teams
Entering WTCC Including those who entered one-off rounds in 2008
Leaving WTCC
Calendar.
The first provisional calendar was released in October 2008.
Marrakech hosted a round on a new temporary street circuit in the heart of the city on 3 May. and Porto returned to the championship.
On 5 November 2008, FIA released a new provisional calendar, and announced the date of the "Race of Germany" in Oschersleben moved from 30 August to 6 September (due to clash with the date of the Belgian Formula One Grand Prix), and the date of the "Race of Japan" in Okayama moved from 25 October to 1 November. The "Race of Italy" was originally scheduled to be run in Monza but it was changed to Imola, and the date of the event in Italy was also changed (from 4 October to 20 September).
Results and standings.
Standings.
Drivers' Championship.
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
Drivers' Championship points were awarded on a 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first eight finishers in each of the twenty four races. All results obtained were taken into account.
Manufacturers' Championship.
Manufacturers' Championship points were awarded on a 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first eight finishers in each of the twenty four races. All results obtained by the best two classified cars per manufacturer were taken into account. All other cars from the same manufacturer were considered to be invisible in terms of points scoring.
Yokohama Teams' Trophy.
All the teams taking part in any of the rounds of the 2009 FIA World Touring Car Championship were eligible to
score points for the Yokohama Teams' Trophy. Points were awarded to the two best classified cars of each team, providing they were driven by Independent drivers. All other cars of that same team were considered invisible as far as scoring points was concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="20067845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067845" title="Tatsuya Suzuki">
Tatsuya Suzuki


</doc>
<doc id="20067903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067903" title="Many a Mile">
Many a Mile

Many a Mile is Buffy Sainte-Marie's second album, released in 1965.
Though originally released on Vanguard Records, it was never reissued on CD when the rest of Sainte-Marie's catalog for that label came out in the late 1990s. The only CD issues of "Many a Mile" has been an Italian issues via Fontana and is now long out of print and extremely expensive if it can be found.
The album contained a larger proportion of traditional material than her debut, including a number of Child ballads. The most famous song here is "Until It's Time for You to Go", which has been covered by Cher, Neil Diamond, Shirley Bassey, Françoise Hardy and Elvis Presley. "Groundhog" shows Sainte-Marie playing her unique mouthbow. The song "The Piney Wood Hills" was re-recorded for "I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again" three years later (in a Nashville country arrangement), and again thirty years later on the album "Up Where We Belong".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20067933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067933" title="Shenzhen Bay Port">
Shenzhen Bay Port

The Shenzhen Bay Port () is an port of entry in the People's Republic of China, on the border with its special administrative region of Hong Kong. It is located geographically in Dongjiaotou, Shekou, which lies on the southwestern corner of the city of Shenzhen in the Guangdong Province. Its Hong Kong counterpart is the Shenzhen Bay Control Point, which is co-located in the same building. The Hong Kong portion of the building, and its adjacent area, are leased to Hong Kong and made under Hong Kong's jurisdiction.
It was commissioned on 1 July 2007, when Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China, attended the opening ceremony on that day.
Shenzhen Bay Control Point is the first boundary control point with the immigration facilities of the Hong Kong side co-located in the same passenger terminal building with the mainland side. This allows passengers and vehicles for departure and arrival clearance to take place within a short distance.
Transport.
The following bus routes serve the Shenzhen Bay Port.
Buses.
Last Bus:20:00

</doc>
<doc id="20067942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067942" title="Control channel">
Control channel

In GSM networks, Control Channels can be broadly divided into 3 categories; Broadcast Control Channel (BCCH), Common Control Channel (CCCH), and Dedicated Control Channels (DCCH).
Broadcast Control Channel.
The Broadcast Control Channel is transmitted by the BTS at all times. The RF carrier used to transmit the BCCH is referred to as the BCCH carrier. The MS monitors the information carried on the BCCH periodically (at least every 30 secs), when it is switched on and not in a call. 
The BCCH Consists of:
a. Broadcast Control Channel (BCCH): Carries the following information:
The BCCH is transmitted at constant power at all times, and all MS that may seek to use it to measure its signal strength. “Dummy” bursts are transmitted to ensure continuity when there is no BCCH carrier traffic.
b. Frequency Correction Channel (FCCH):
This is transmitted frequently on the BCCH timeslot and allows the mobile to synchronize its own frequency to that of the transmitting base site. The FCCH may only be sent during timeslot 0 on the BCCH carrier frequency and therefore it acts as a flag to the mobile to identify Timeslot 0.
c. Synchronization Channel (SCH)
The SCH carries the information to enable the MS to synchronize to the TDMA frame structure and know the timing of the individual timeslots. The following parameters are sent:
The MS will monitor BCCH information from surrounding cells and store the information from the best six cells. The SCH information on these cells is also stored so that the MS may quickly resynchronize when it enters a new cell.
Common Control Channels.
The Common Control Channel (CCCH) is responsible for transferring control information between all mobiles and the BTS. This is necessary for the implementation of “call origination” and “call paging” functions.
It consists of the following:
a. Random Access Channel (RACH)
Used by the mobile when it requires gaining access to the system. This occurs when the mobile initiates a call or responds to a page.
b. Paging Channel (PCH)
Used by the BTS to page MS, (paging can be performed by an IMSI, TMSI or IMEI).
c. Access Grant Control Channel (AGCH)
Used by the BTS to assign a dedicated control channel to a MS in response to an access message received on the Random Access Channel. The MS will move to the dedicated channel in order to proceed with either a call setup, response to a paging message, Location Area Update or Short Message Service.
d. Cell Broadcast Channel (CBCH)
This channel is used to transmit messages to be broadcast to all MS’s within a cell. The CBCH uses a dedicated control channel to send its messages, however it is considered a common channel because all mobiles in the cell can receive the messages.
Active MS’s must frequently monitor both BCCH and CCCH. The CCCH will be transmitted on the RF carrier with the BCCH.
Dedicated Control Channels.
The DCCH is a single timeslot on an RF carrier that is used to convey eight Stand-alone Dedicated Control Channels (SDCCH). A single MS for call setup, authentication, location updating and SMS point to point use a SDCCH. As we will see later, SDCCH can also be found on a BCCH/CCCH timeslot, this configuration only allows four SDCCHs.
b. Slow Associated Control Channel (SACCH)
Conveys power control and timing information in the downlink direction (towards the MS) and Receive Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI), and link quality reports in the uplink direction.
c. Fast Associated Control Channel (FACCH)
The FACCH is transmitted instead of a TCH. The FACCH ‘‘steals” the TCH burst and inserts its own information. The FACCH is used to carry out user
authentication, handovers and immediate assignment.
All of the control channels are required for system operation, however, in the same way that we allow different users to share the radio channel by using different timeslots to carry the conversation data, the control channels share timeslots on the radio channel at different times. This allows efficient passing of control information without wasting capacity that could be used for call traffic. To do this we must organize the timeslots between those, which will be used for traffic, and those, which will carry control signaling.
Channel Combination.
The different logical channel types mentioned are grouped into what are called channel combination. The four most common channel combination are listed below:
1. Full Rate Traffic Channel Combination – TCH8/FACCH + SACCH
2. Broadcast Channel Combination – BCCH + CCCH
3. Dedicated Channel Combination – SDCCH8 + SACCH8
4. Combined Channel Combination – BCCH+CCCH+SDCCH4+SACCH4
5. Half Rate Traffic Channel Combination – TCH16/FACCH + SACCH
The Half Rate Channel Combination (when introduced) will be very similar to the Full Rate Traffic Combination.

</doc>
<doc id="20067950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067950" title="Innocent Project">
Innocent Project

The Innocent Project is a teachers' training project in the framework of the program "Life Long Learning" by the European Commission, which presents free material for lessons and training of teachers, to integrate pupils of foreign origin into the education (inter cultural education).
Partners in the project were teachers from Germany, Italy, Spain and Romania.
Materials.
Between 2005 and 2008 these materials have been developed:

</doc>
<doc id="20067967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067967" title="Šempeter pri Gorici">
Šempeter pri Gorici

Šempeter pri Gorici () is a town and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Šempeter–Vrtojba in the Slovene Littoral region of Slovenia. There is a border crossing into the Italian town of Gorizia. The crossing is known as "Gorizia San Pietro" in Italian.
Through most of its history, it was linked to the town of Gorizia (), which is now in Italy, whence also its name, literally meaning 'St. Peter near Gorizia'. Since 1947, it has been gravitating towards the newly established town of Nova Gorica, with which it forms a continuous conurbation.
History.
In the Middle Ages, it was part of the Patriarchate of Aquileia and then of the County of Gorizia. In 1500, it came under Habsburg rule, and remained part of the Habsburg Monarchy until 1918, excluding a short French interim between 1809 and 1813. 
During the Austrian administration in the 19th and early 20th centuries, it formed an independent municipality. According to the last Austrian census of 1910, more than 97% of its inhabitants were ethnic Slovenes. During World War I, it was almost completely destroyed during the Battles of the Isonzo. In August 1916, it was seized by the Italian Army, but it was recaptured by the Austro-Hungarians in November 1917. After the war, it was again occupied and later annexed by Italy. In the 1920s, it was rebuilt according to the plans of the architect Max Fabiani.
In 1924 and 1947, it was an integral part of the Municipality of Gorizia, and effectively became a suburb of Gorizia. During World War II, it became an important center of Yugoslav partisan resistance. In May 1945, it was liberated by the Yugoslav Partisans. From June 1945 to September 1947 it was under Anglo-American military administration, before being annexed to Yugoslavia in 1947.
In the 1950s and 1960s, when the town of Nova Gorica was still largely under construction, several important institutions were headquartered in Šempeter, including the Nova Gorica Grammar School and the Gorica Football Club.
Since the 1970s, the regional Franc Derganc General Hospital of Nova Gorica with a maternity ward has been located in Šempeter. Thus, most of the younger inhabitants of Nova Gorica and the wider "Goriška" area were born in Šempeter pri Gorici.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Šempeter pri Gorici include:

</doc>
<doc id="20067975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067975" title="LLR 81mm">
LLR 81mm

The Mortier de 81mm léger long renforcé (LLR 81 mm) is a mortar used by the French Army. It is the latest iteration of the TDA 81 mm light mortar family, introduced in 1997.
The original TDA 81 mm was designed in 1961. Since then, three variants have been fielded:
The LLR 81mm is composed of a base plate, a barrel comprising the breech, and a bipod. It can use the same pointing optics as the MO-120-RT-61. 
The LLR 81mm is a paratrooper weapon, which can be parachuted either piece by piece, in a kit comprising a dismantled weapon and ammunition, or in larger crates comprising several weapons. The barrel was reinforced as to allow firing of all 81 mm mortar ammunition in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="20067998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20067998" title="1996 FA Charity Shield">
1996 FA Charity Shield

The 1996 FA Charity Shield was the 74th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 11 August 1996 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the Double of Premier League and FA Cup in 1995–96, and Newcastle United, who had finished as runners-up in the Premier League. Manchester United won the match 4–0 with goals from Eric Cantona, Nicky Butt, David Beckham and Roy Keane.
The game saw new signings Jordi Cruyff and Karel Poborský make their debuts for Manchester United, though neither of these players had particularly successful careers at Old Trafford and both had left the club within four years. The day before the game had seen the surprise sale of one of Manchester United's longest serving players — Lee Sharpe.
The game saw Newcastle United give a debut to £15 million world record signing Alan Shearer, who would remain at the club until his retirement as a player 10 years later and break the club's goalscoring record in the process, though he would never win a major trophy with them.

</doc>
<doc id="20068004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068004" title="X-linked intellectual disability">
X-linked intellectual disability

X-linked intellectual disability (previously known as X-linked mental retardation) refers to forms of intellectual disability which are specifically associated with X-linked recessive inheritance.
As with most X-linked disorders, males are more heavily affected than females. Females with one affected X chromosome and one normal X chromosome tend to have milder symptoms.
Unlike many other types of intellectual disability, the genetics of these conditions are relatively well understood. It has been estimated there are ~200 genes involved in this syndrome; of these ~100 have been identified.
X-linked intellectual disability accounts for ~16% of all cases of intellectual disability in males.
Syndromes.
Several X-linked syndromes include intellectual disability as part of the presentation. These include Coffin-Lowry syndrome, MASA syndrome, X-linked alpha thalassemia mental retardation syndrome, and Mental retardation and microcephaly with pontine and cerebellar hypoplasia.
List of genes.
Following is a list of genes located on the X chromosome and linked to intellectual disability. There are also several loci that have not been associated with a specific gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20068010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068010" title="1997 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth race of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 18 May 1997 at the Mugello Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20068013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068013" title="Vancouver Airport Services">
Vancouver Airport Services

Vantage Airport Group (formerly Vancouver Airport Services or YVRAS) is an airport management company with 11 airports worldwide. It is a subsidiary of the Vancouver Airport Authority which manages Vancouver International Airport.
In 1992 Transport Canada transferred operations of the Vancouver International Airport to the Vancouver Airport Authority.
Expansion beyond YVR.
YVRAS was part of a consortium that was going to privatize Midway Airport in Chicago. In April 2009 the deal fell through.
Beyond YVR, Vantage provides management services to various airports owned by Vantage or via a consortium:

</doc>
<doc id="20068016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068016" title="Harutaka Ono">
Harutaka Ono


</doc>
<doc id="20068028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068028" title="1997 Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 1 June 1997 at the A1-Ring.

</doc>
<doc id="20068039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068039" title="Little Wheel Spin and Spin">
Little Wheel Spin and Spin

Little Wheel Spin and Spin was the third album by Buffy Sainte-Marie, released in 1966. It was her only album to reach the "Billboard" Top 100. Its most famous song is the epic "My Country 'Tis of Thy People You're Dying", which displayed a native perspective on the colonisation of North America.
In contrast to her first two albums which were entirely acoustic with occasional use of her distinctive mouthbow, parts of "Little Wheel Spin and Spin" added electric guitar by Bruce Langhorne, string arrangements by Felix Pappalardi or feature fellow Native American performer Patrick Sky on guitar with Sainte-Marie. This served to pave the way for Sainte-Marie's stylistic experiments on her remaining Vanguard albums, where she covered territory ranging from country to rock to experimental music.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie; except where indicated
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20068046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068046" title="Eupithecia tripunctaria">
Eupithecia tripunctaria

The White-spotted Pug "(Eupithecia tripunctaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found from Europe to Korea and Japan and in North America.
The wingspan is 17–21 mm. The ground colour of the wings is dark ashy brown. Adults are on wing from March to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Apiaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="20068059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068059" title="1997 French motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 French motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 8 June 1997 at Circuit Paul Ricard.

</doc>
<doc id="20068070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068070" title="Taira Inoue">
Taira Inoue


</doc>
<doc id="20068076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068076" title="Anse de Sablettes">
Anse de Sablettes

Anse de Sablettes is a fortified bay near Toulon in France, immediately to the south of the port entrance. It was the site of the Battle of Sablettes, a 1759 battle of the Seven Years' War.
Course.
In mid-May 1759, Edward Boscawen found Brodrick off Toulon and took over his command of the British forces, blockading Toulon and Marseille and ensuring the safety of Gibraltar. Along with continuing the blockade with his 13 ships of the line and two 50-gun ships, Boscawen placed his 12 cruisers at strategic points and on convoy escort duty. Three months later, the French forces had retired into the inner roadstead, covered by the guns of Toulon's fortress, but still thought that such a large British force could not be solely meant for a blockade and must mean a landing was imminent - aware of this by captured letters, Boscawen encouraged this impression by threatening attacks on various points.
On 7 June, two French frigates attempting to breach the blockade from outside were forced to anchor in the Anse de Sablettes. Despite the nine French batteries covering the bay, Boscawen sent in , and to sink the frigates. They failed to do so and, heavily damaged (the "Culloden" had to go to Gibraltar to refit), withdrew after an hour under the batteries' guns.

</doc>
<doc id="20068084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068084" title="1997 Dutch TT">
1997 Dutch TT

The 1997 Dutch TT was the seventh round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 28 June 1997 at the TT Circuit Assen located in Assen, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20068096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068096" title="Heinrich Schmelzer">
Heinrich Schmelzer

Heinrich Schmelzer (14 March 1914 – 4 April 1985) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II.
He joined the SS-Pioniersturmbann in June, 1935 and in September 1939 was a section commander in the 3rd Company. Later as an SS-Oberscharführer (Technical Sergeant) he was the half platoon leader in the same 3rd Company, during April 1941.
He moved to the Motorcycle Battalion as engineer reconnaissance platoon leader between May and August 1941.
In December 1943 he was given command of the mixed Pionier Company of the Kampfgruppe "Das Reich" which he led until the forming of the 4th Heavy Company which he commanded until it was dissolved in August 1944.
At that time he became the 2nd Company Commander until Christmas 1944, then moved to the 3rd Company which he commanded until the end of the war.
Schmelzer won the Oakleaves for his actions as sector commander of the "Das Reich" battlegroup near Cielle and Laroche, France on 7 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20068102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068102" title="India–Poland relations">
India–Poland relations

Indo-Polish relations refers to the bilateral relations between Republic of Poland and the Republic of India. Historically, relations have generally been close and friendly, characterised by understanding and cooperation on international front.
Historical background.
During the 16th-century (Renaissance), a small number of Polish nobility, statesmen, merchants and writers visited India and fostered the abiding interest of the Polish people in the civilization, philosophy, spiritual traditions, art and culture of India. One of the first travellers to make Polish contact with India was the Polish nobleman and statesman Pawel Palczowski of Palczowic from the distinguished senior Silesian Polish nobility House of Saszowski family, Erzm Kretowski and the Polish merchant Gaspar da Gama from Poznań, as well as Krzysztof Pawlowski who provided the first description of India in Polish, recorded in a letter dated 1569, a consequence of these voyages soon provided Indian echoes in Polish literature. During the 19th century, several Sanskrit classics were translated into Polish and a "History of Ancient India" in Polish was one of the first of its kind to be published in Europe. A Chair of Sanskrit was set up at the Jagiellonian University of Krakow in 1893. Studies and research in Indian languages and literature had developed at the Universities of Krakow, Warsaw, Wroclaw and Poznan. At the beginning of the 20th century, the Polish painter Norblin was commissioned by the Maharaja of Jodhpur to decorate the Umaid Bhavan Palace.
During World War II, the then Jam Sahib, K.S. Digvijaysinhji of Jamnagar had extended hospitality to some 5,000 Polish orphans deported from Siberia. These children, who lived in camps in a number of places in western India, including Balachandi (near Jamnagar), Valivade (near Kolhapur) and Panchgani. Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru were known to be vocal supporters of Polish struggle against Occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany. The Warsaw school I SLO im Jam Saheb Digvijaysinhji has been named after the Jam Sahib.
Diplomatic relations.
The two countries established diplomatic relations in 1954 and the Indian Embassy in Warsaw was opened in 1957. During the Cold War, both Warsaw and New Delhi had close ties with the Soviet Union and this made them natural friends. On 25 January 1977 an agreement on operation of air services between two countries was signed in New Delhi.
After the Collapse of Soviet Union, both countries have focused on improving ties with the European Union and America. Even after 1989 relations with India have maintained continuity and have remained on an even keel reflecting relations with India were not an adjunct of the Cold War and are based on sound principles. Contacts between the Indian and Polish Parliaments were established after the overthrow of the Communist system in 1989. A Polish parliamentary delegation led by the Marshal of the Sejm, had visited India in December 1992. A Polish-Indian Parliamentary Group had been set up during the term of the last Parliament which held office from 1996 to 2001. Speaker of Lok Sabha, Manohar Joshi led a multi-party Parliamentary delegation to Poland from 22 to 26 May 2002. Also Speaker of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland, Jozef Oleksy, led a Polish parliamentary delegation to India from 9 to 11 December 2004. In April 2009, Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil visited Poland. In September 2010, Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk visited India and met with Indian politicians and businessmen.
Economic ties.
The bilateral trade between two countries has grown about eleven times from 1992 to 2008. Bilateral trade, which totaled US$ 675.73 million (approximately 3,825 crores) and US$ 861.78 million (approximately 4,873 crores) in 2006 and 2007 respectively, crossed US$ 1 billion (approximately 5,700 crores) in 2008 with US$ 1274.77 million (approximately 7,000 crores) During 2005, major Indian companies signed several agreements on investments that are expected to create more than 3,500 new jobs in Poland. India's major exports to Poland include Tea, Coffee, Spices, Textiles, Pharmaceuticals, machinery and instruments, auto parts and surgical items. India's imports from Poland include Machinery except electric and electronic appliances, artificial resins, plastic material, non-ferrous metals and machine tools. Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has sent several delegations to Poland to explore economic opportunities in various sectors. Indian companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro Technologies, ZenSar and Videocon have already set up their bases in Poland. Indo-Polish Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IPCCI) was formed in 2008 to protect and represent the interests within the range of economic activity and to promote economic relations between India and Poland. Poland has also shown interest to establish direct flights between the two countries by 2009.
Both countries have long-standing history of cooperation in science and technology. The first Indo-Polish Agreement on this cooperation was signed in March 1974; subsequently, a new agreement with more focus Programmes of Cooperation (POC) in science and technology were signed between the two countries from time to time. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and the Indian National Science Academy (INSA) have ongoing scientific exchange programs with the Polish Academy of Sciences (PAN).
Defence ties.
India's defence relations with Poland have grown from military cooperation to comprehensive defence cooperation that includes courses, training for UN peacekeeping operations, and exchange of observers during army exercises. India and Poland signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Defence Cooperation in February 2003 during the visit of the Prime Minister of Poland Leszek Miller to India. India awarded contracts worth US $ 600 million (3.5 thousand-crores) to Poland for modernisation of tanks and the acquisition of air defence missiles. The T-72 tank with 800 horsepower engines were fitted with 1000 hp engine and also fitted with modern fire control systems and night vision equipment. Both India and Poland are considering privatising their defence industries and see good prospects for mutual investments. Indian Army chief General Deepak Kapoor visited Warsaw in March 2008 followed by Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Ryszard Schnepf in June the same year. India also acquired 625 assault parachutes from the Polish company Air-Pol with automatic devices ensuring their reliable opening, with a total value of US $1.5 million. India's growing defence buy-outs from Poland has disappointed Russia which had considered India a safe market for its military hardware. Poland also delivered a batch of 80 WZT-3 ARVs to the Indian Army in 2001 for use in Kolar gold field facility in Karnataka and next in 2004. The final batch of 40 WZT-3 ARVs were assembled in India from kits supplied from Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20068103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068103" title="1997 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix was the eighth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 6 July 1997 at Imola.

</doc>
<doc id="20068107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068107" title="Danon disease">
Danon disease

Danon disease (or glycogen storage disease Type IIb) is a metabolic disorder.
Danon disease is associated with heart muscle abnormalities resembling severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Genetics.
It is associated with LAMP2. The status of this condition as a GSD has been disputed.
History.
It was characterized by Moris Danon in 1981.
The first description of Danon Disease was in 1981 when 2 boys with heart and skeletal muscle disease (muscle weakness) and mental retardation were described. The disease is named after Dr. Danon who first wrote about the disease.
Danon Disease looked initially like another rare genetic condition called 'Pompe' disease. Under the microscope, muscles from the Danon Disease patients looked similar to muscles from Pompe disease patients. However the tests for Pompe disease are normal in Danon Disease patients. This shows that Danon Disease is caused by something different than Pompe disease.
Symptoms.
Males
In males the symptoms of Danon Disease are more severe. Features of Danon Disease in males are:
Females
In females the symptoms of Danon Disease are less severe. Common symptoms of Danon Disease in females are:
Causes of Danon Disease.
The cause of Danon Disease is known, but not well-understood. The genetic defect involves a gene called LAMP2. In persons with Danon Disease the LAMP2 gene is damaged (or 'mutated') and normal LAMP2 protein is no longer made. While we do not fully understand what the function of the LAMP2 gene is, we do know that LAMP2 protein is located in small structures in our cells called lysosomes
References.
http://danondisease.org

</doc>
<doc id="20068123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068123" title="Seitaro Tomisawa">
Seitaro Tomisawa

Tomisawa started his career at Tokyo Verdy Youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20068125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068125" title="Étape">
Étape

An étape or etape generally refers to a stage or leg of some sort, often in the context of cycling. Étape may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20068130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068130" title="1997 German motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 German motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 July 1997 at the Nürburgring.

</doc>
<doc id="20068146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068146" title="Virtue (software)">
Virtue (software)

Virtue is a virtual session manager running under IBM's VM.
The product.
Virtue , "virtual tube", was the first session manager commercially available for the VM environment on IBM mainframes. The product allows users to use a standard 3270 monitor to control multiple sessions, whether VM/CMS, DOS/VSE, z/VSE MVS, z/OS, or other operating system or application such as CICS, Westi, or DUCS sessions.
Virtue runs as a highly privileged CMS task, designed to accommodate model IBM 3270 monitors and their descendants. Even after competition entered the market, the product remains known for its innovation, speed, and compact size.
Development.
The product was developed by III (Independent Intelligence Incorporated) of Orlando, Florida. The software designer was Leigh Lundin.
Although the package nominally ran as a highly privileged CMS session and utilized CMS services, it deployed an internal multitasking mechanism called a "subvisor", which queued and prioritized tasks to be done. Macintosh versions prior to Mac OS X and IBM's OS/2 came to use similar mechanisms for task control.
Product development occurred at III offices within Westinghouse Automation Intelligence division, Orlando, Florida. Broad range in-depth testing was conducted at IBM's data center in Tampa, Florida and the IBM lab in Böblingen, Germany.
Marketing.
Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA (WEMSSA), Paris, London, Genève, Zürich, München, and Amsterdam, acquired the marketing rights, initially for Europe, Africa, and the Far East.
Westinghouse Electric, Pittsburgh, subsequently acquired rights for the Americas.
After release, a number of competing products entered the market, including MultiTerm and Computer Associates' vTerm, also known as vGraf. The concept found its way onto early PC platforms at the time, notably Apple Computer's Switcher for the Macintosh and subsequent products for the IBM PC.

</doc>
<doc id="20068149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068149" title="Eupithecia ultimaria">
Eupithecia ultimaria

The Channel Islands Pug "(Eupithecia ultimaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe, where it is found in Portugal and Spain, coastal western and southern France, Italy, the Mediterranean islands including Cyprus and Greece. It is also found in southern England and the Channel Islands. Furthermore, it is present in North Africa (Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt), Lebanon, Israel, Iraq and Iran.
The wingspan is 13–17 mm. Adults are on wing from late April to June and again from August to late October in two generations per year.
The larvae feed on "Tamarix gallica".

</doc>
<doc id="20068155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068155" title="Richard Pearson (actor)">
Richard Pearson (actor)

Richard de Pearsall Pearson (1 August 1918 – 2 August 2011) was a Welsh actor. Notable films of his career included Brian Desmond Hurst's "Scrooge" (1951) as well as a brief appearance in John Schlesinger's "Sunday Bloody Sunday" (1971) and cameo roles in three films by Roman Polanski: "Macbeth" (1971), "Tess" (1979) and "Pirates" (1986). Pearson made his stage debut at age 18 at London's Collins's Music Hall, but didn't make his film debut until 32 when he played a Sergeant in the motion picture "The Girl is Mine" (1950) which was followed a year later by his performance as Mr. Tupper in "Scrooge".
He fought in World War II with the 52nd (Lowland) Infantry Division. He was mentioned in dispatches and left the army with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.
He was educated at Aymestrey Court, Worcester, and Monmouth School.
In later years, he is perhaps best known for his role as Mole in Cosgrove Hall's "The Wind in the Willows" (1983), its subsequent television series, "The Wind in the Willows" which led on from the original film and its spin-off programme "Oh, Mr. Toad" both of which he starred alongside David Jason, Peter Sallis and Michael Hordern. He has also has appeared in episodes of "One Foot in the Grave" as Victor Meldrew's absent-minded brother, Alfred and the "Men Behaving Badly" episode "Three Girlfriends" as Gary's father Mr Strang. He played Mr. Pye in the 1985 TV movie "Marple: The Moving Finger". Pearson had a brain haemorrhage on the night of his 93rd birthday on August 1, 2011. He died soon after the next morning on 2 August 2011.
Richard Pearson married the actress Patricia Dickson in 1949. She and their two sons, one of whom, Patrick, is also an actor, survive him.

</doc>
<doc id="20068175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068175" title="Attack on Ballygawley barracks">
Attack on Ballygawley barracks

On 7 December 1985 the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) attacked the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) base at Ballygawley, County Tyrone. Two RUC officers were shot dead and the base was raked with gunfire before being completely destroyed by a bomb, which wounded a further three officers.
Background.
In 1985, Patrick Kelly became leader of the Provisional IRA East Tyrone Brigade. He, along with East Tyrone Brigade members Jim Lynagh and Pádraig McKearney, advocated using flying columns to destroy isolated British Army and RUC bases and stop them from being repaired. The goal was to create and hold "liberated zones" under IRA control that would be gradually enlarged. Although IRA Chief of Staff Kevin McKenna turned-down the flying column idea, IRA Northern Command approved the plan to destroy bases and prevent their repair. In that year alone there were 44 such attacks. Among the most devastating was the Newry mortar attack in March.
The attack.
The attack involved two IRA active service units from the East Tyrone Brigade: an armed assault unit and a bomb unit. There were also several teams of IRA observers in the area. The assault team was armed with AK-47 and AR-15 rifles, while the bombing unit was to be responsible for planting and detonating a bomb. Both units were commanded by Patrick Kelly.
The assault was launched on Saturday 7 December at 18:55, when the handful of RUC officers manning the base were getting ready to hand over to the next shift. In the first burst of automatic fire, the two guards at the entrance were killed: Constable George Gilliland and Reserve Constable William Clements. Constable Clements' Ruger security six revolver was taken by the attackers. The base was then raked with gunfire. Another three RUC officers who were inside ran out to the back of the base, where they hoped the walls might offer some cover. IRA members went into the building and took documents and weapons. The bomb was placed inside and, upon detonation, destroyed the entire base. Three officers were hurt.
The republician magazine "Iris" (#11, October 1987) described the attack as follows:One volunteer took up a position close to the front gate. Two RUC men opened the gate and the volunteer calmly stepped forward, shooting them both dead at point blank range. Volunteers firing AK-47 and Armalite rifles moved into the barracks, raking it with gunfire. Having secured the building they planted a 100 lb bomb inside. The bomb exploded, totally destroying the building after the volunteers had withdrawn to safety.
The first British Army unit to arrive at the base in the wake of the attack was D Company, 1st Battalion, Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment.
Aftermath.
The attack was one of the Provisional IRA's biggest during this period. The British Government responded by boosting Army, and especially Ulster Defence Regiment patrols, in isolated areas. Royal Engineers rebuilt the base in 1986. The East Tyrone IRA launched two similar attacks in the following years: the successful attack on the Birches base in 1986, and the ill-fated attack on the Loughgall base in 1987, in which eight IRA members were killed. The gun taken from Constable Clements was found by security forces after the ambush.

</doc>
<doc id="20068181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068181" title="Gustavus Adolphus Day">
Gustavus Adolphus Day

Gustavus Adolphus Day (Swedish: "Gustav Adolfsdagen") is celebrated in Sweden and some other countries on November 6 in memory of king Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, who was killed on that date (old style) in 1632 at the Battle of Lützen in the Thirty Years' War. According to the Gregorian calendar, the king died on 16 November, but the Julian calendar ("old style") was still used in protestant Sweden at the time and the same date is still used now. The day is a general flagging day in Sweden and in Finland.
The date has been obsereved since soon after the king's death and has been celebrated in its present form since the early 19th century. Sjättenovembervägen ("Sixth November Road") in Stockholm is named for this day.
Gustavus Adolphus Day is celebrated in Sweden, Estonia and Finland, which all were parts of the Swedish realm in the time of the king. It is also celebrated by some Lutherans in other countries too. On the other hand, it is not generally celebrated in Scania in southern Sweden, since Scania was part of Denmark at the time and Gustavus Adolphus waged war on Denmark.
The celebration is especially popular in Gothenburg, which was founded by this king, and in Uppsala, where he donated considerable funding to the university.
On this day only, a special pastry is eaten, the Gustavus Adolphus Pastry, with a chocolate or marzipan relief of that king.
In Finland, the day is celebrated as "svenska dagen" or "ruotsalaisuuden päivä", "The Swedish Day", and is a customary flagging day. In Estonia, the day is known as "Gustav Adolfi päev". In all three countries, 6 November is the name day for Gustav Adolf (the local modern spelling in Swedish of Gustavus Adolphus's name) or Kustaa Aadolf (the local modern spelling in Finnish of his name).

</doc>
<doc id="20068182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068182" title="NBK Capital">
NBK Capital

Watani Investment Company (NBK Capital) is a financial services firm with operations across the Middle East. NBK Capital was established in July 2005 as a fully owned subsidiary of the National Bank of Kuwait (NBK), the largest Kuwaiti bank and the highest-rated in the Middle East.
NBK Capital focuses on four principal lines of business: Alternative Investments, Asset Management, Brokerage & Research and Investment Banking.
Operating regionally from Kuwait, Dubai, Egypt and Turkey with over 170 investment professionals, NBK Capital prides itself on a reach and scale that is global, a focus that is regional and a service level that always remains personal.
NBK Capital’s Investment Banking group sells advisory services (whether debt, equity or M&A advisory) to clients across sectors. 
The Alternative Investments group at NBK Capital manages three funds under its two main divisions – 
• Private Equity –
o NBK Capital Equity Partners Fund, a $ 250 million regional private equity fund; 
o Kuwait Investment Opportunities Fund, a Kuwaiti $120 million private equity fund launched in 2008.
• Mezzanine – 
o NBK Capital - GSC Group Mezzanine Fund, a $200 million mezzanine fund
The Asset Management group manages 49 investment funds with assets under management exceeding $10.2 billion. The funds are diversified across asset classes and include Money Markets, Equities, Islamic, Alternative Investments, and Real Estate. 
The Brokerage & Research group at NBK Capital provides a full brokerage service which offers online, institutional, and personal brokerage services. This comes hand in hand with the published research, in which NBK Capital aims to provide objective fundamental research on Middle East and North Africa (MENA) capital markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20068184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068184" title="Yukio Tsuchiya">
Yukio Tsuchiya


</doc>
<doc id="20068189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068189" title="Woodham Walter">
Woodham Walter

Woodham Walter is a village about three miles west of Maldon in the English county of Essex. The village is part of the Wickham Bishops and Woodham ward of the Maldon district.
History.
The village was first recorded as "Wudeham" in c. 875. The name, which means "village in the wood" is derived from the old English words "wudu" (wood in modern English) and "ham" (home, or homestead). The modern name may derive from the Fitzwalter family who owned a moated manor house in the village for many generations. The house was demolished in the 17th century by William Fytch
There is evidence of earlier settlement. A hoard of silver coins was found in the village, dated to c. 700. At Oak Farm in 1991 three gold and bronze torcs were discovered. They have been dated to c. 1000 BC.
The Domesday Book entry for Woodham Walter lists a population of 18.
Local amenities.
There are three public houses, the Bell Inn, the Queen Victoria and The Cats. There is a Post Office and village shop on The Street.
Education.
There is one school in the village, Woodham Walter Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School. There are c. 75 students
Religious sites.
The parish church is St Michael's. Thomas, Earl of Sussex, obtained a license from Elizabeth I on 26 June 1562 to build the church and it was consecrated on 30 April 1564. It is constructed of red brick.

</doc>
<doc id="20068197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068197" title="KkStB Class 229">
KkStB Class 229

The steam locomotive class kkStB 229 was a passenger tank engine class with the Imperial Austrian State Railways ("k.k. österreichische Staatsbahnen"), kkStB.
In order to improve local passenger services the kkStB procured 2-6-2 tank locomotives that were to replace the existing four-coupled tender locomotives in this role. One advantage of tank locomotives was that they did not need to be turned at the end of the route.
In their design Karl Gölsdorf laid particular emphasis on good acceleration. The 17 engines of this class, designated as the kkStB 129 were delivered by the Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf and Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik.
Because these Class 129 locomotives proved a total success, the Austrian Southern Railway or "Südbahn" wanted to procured similar engines, albeit with greater water and coal capacity. As a result Gölsdorf modified the design by adding a trailing axle.
From 1903 to 1907 Floridsdorf supplied eleven units of this newly designated Class 229 to the Southern Railway, and from 1904 to 1918 the kkStB placed orders for a total of 239 units with all the Austrian locomotive factories. The Class 129 engines were rebuilt to 2-6-2s and placed into a new Class 229.4.
In 1913 the Böhmisch-Mährische Maschinenfabrik delivered four 229s to the Serbian State Railway and the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik built 10 units in 1909 and 1920 for the "Aspangbahn" (EWA, "Eisenbahn Wien-Aspang"), that were designated as the EWA IIIa Nos. 41–50.
After World War I 69 engines were left with the Austrian Federal Railways (then the BBÖ), to which were added the eleven engines of the "Südbahn", grouped into Class 229.5, and ten machines of the EWA, grouped into Class 229.8, when these companies were nationalised.
Other nations also ordered these locomotives giving them their own classifications. The Polish State Railways took delivery of 22 locomotives as PKP Class OKl12, the Yugoslavian Railways acquired 25 as  JDŽ Class 116 and the Italian State Railways (FS) procured five as FS Class 912.
But the bulk of the engines (145 units) went in 1918 to the Czechoslovak State Railways, who designated them as ČSD Class 354.0.
As southern Slovakia was ceded in 1939 to Hungary, 15 units also went to the Hungarian State Railways () as the MÁV Class 343.3.
From 1926 to 1934 the ČSD rebuilt five of its 354.0 into superheated two-cylinder locomotives which they designated as the ČSD Class 355.0. These machines were also given a second steam dome and a connecting pipe between the domes. Between 1936 and 1940, the trailing axle on another five engines was replaced by a bogie; these locomotives then became the ČSD Class 353.1. In 1944 another engine was converted to superheating, but the second steam dome was not used.
After the Anschluss of Austria to the German Empire in 1938 the ninety 229s were classified by the Deutsche Reichsbahn asDRG Class 75.701–790.
During the course of the war, the ČSD Class 355.0 was incorporated as DRG Class 75.901–905 into the DRB; likewise 21  PKP Class Okl12 locomotives as DRG Class 75.851–871 and nine JDŽ Class 116s as DRG Class 75.791–799.
After 1945, some 63 engines were grouped by the ÖBB into their ÖBB Class 75. The last of these machines were retired in 1962.
The former 229.137, 178, 187, 405 and 115 went into the ČSD as numbers 354.0501–0504 and 0506. The ČSD Class 354.0 was in service until 1967.
Several former 229s also went into the JDŽ and PKP.
Apart from normal use, at least 11 Polish locomotives were armoured in Poland and used in armoured trains during the Polish-Soviet War.

</doc>
<doc id="20068206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068206" title="Rowena Sánchez Arrieta">
Rowena Sánchez Arrieta

Rowena Sánchez Arrieta is a Filipina pianist, born in 1962.
Biography.
At only 18, Arrieta made history by winning fifth place and title of Laureate at the highly prestigious VII Tchaikovsky International Piano Competition in Moscow and special prize for being the “youngest and most promising contestant” among 82 pianists from all over the world. She is the only Filipino that has attained this honor. Subsequently, she won 1st Prize at the 1986 José Iturbi Competition in Valencia, Spain and 1st Prize at the 1986 the Frinna Awerbuch International Competition in New York.
She became the first Filipino scholar at the Moscow Conservatory of Music in 1979 where she obtained her Master’s Degree. She graduated in 1985 with highest honors (western equivalent of summa cum laude.) She did her professional studies at the Manhattan School of Music, where she was also a full scholar.
The New York TImes described her playing as having a "fevered, demonic intensity" and "a gentle, sublime introspection." Likewise, the US Daily News called her a "combination of purity and fire." Rowena has performed in various cities of the former Soviet Union, France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Australia, Hong Kong, United States, and her native Philippines. She played as soloist of the Moscow Radio-TV Orchestra, Orquestaa de Radio Television Espana, Valencia Symphony Orchestra, Manhattan Philharmonia, California Symphony Orchestra, Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra. Her other awards include the Ten Outstanding Women in National Service (Philippines, 1989), Presidential Awards in Performance (Philippines, 1978-1979),2nd prize as song writer/lyricist in the 1979 Metro pop Music Festival (Philippines).

</doc>
<doc id="20068215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068215" title="Timeline of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1995 Atlantic hurricane season was a very active year in which nineteen named storms formed, tying it with the seasons of 2010, 2011, and 1887 for the third most active hurricane season on record. Although Hurricane Allison formed on June 2, 1995, the season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates that conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones develop in the Atlantic basin. The season's last storm, Hurricane Tanya, dissipated on November 3.
The season had nineteen tropical cyclones, of which all nineteen intensified into tropical storms, eleven became hurricanes, and five became major hurricanes. The high amount of activity throughout the basin was linked to the formation of La Niña, which lowers wind shear, and very warm sea surface temperatures. The three most notable storms during the season were Hurricane Luis, Hurricane Marilyn, and Hurricane Opal. Hurricane Luis was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that caused extensive damage in the northern Leeward Islands. Hurricane Marilyn affected the same area a few days later, becoming the most destructive hurricane to hit the U.S. Virgin Islands since Hurricane Hugo in the 1989 season. Lastly, Opal was a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale, the strongest of the season, that made landfall as a Category 3 hurricane near Pensacola Beach, Florida. The system caused $3.9 billion (1995 USD) in damage, making it the eighteenth costliest hurricane in United States history. All three names were retired by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) in the spring of 1996.
This timeline includes information that was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as a storm that was not operationally warned upon, has been included. This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, and dissipations during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20068238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068238" title="Ben Rebhuhn House">
Ben Rebhuhn House

The Ben Rebhuhn House was built in Great Neck Estates, New York in 1937. This house is similar to the Ernest Vosburgh House in Grand Beach, Michigan, except that this house is in the Usonian style while the Vosburgh residence, built 21 years earlier, was in the Prairie style. The house follows a cruciform plan. The house features a two-story living room and is built from tidewater red cypress board and batten inside and out, with brick and red roof tile. Notable owners of the house have included Texas oil heiress Diane Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="20068241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068241" title="Philip Hunter (educationist)">
Philip Hunter (educationist)

Sir Philip John Hunter CBE (born 1939, Northumberland) was the Schools Adjudicator for England from 2002 to 2009.
Early life.
He passed the eleven plus, but as the nearest grammar school was too distant, he went to the Quaker Great Ayton Friends' School (boarding school) in Great Ayton, North Yorkshire. He studied Zoology at Kings College, Newcastle.
Career.
He lectured and undertook research for two years at the University of Khartoum in Sudan then for three years at the Agricultural Research Council (became the AFRC in 1983 then the BBSRC in 1994) in Cambridge. His research was into the effects of pesticide on slugs and snails, and the spread of the disease Bilharzia. He worked at the DES and Civil Service College (now known as the National School of Government) for ten years. He became Deputy Chief Education Officer at ILEA then Chief Education Officer at Staffordshire LEA. 
Schools Adjudicator.
He became the Chief Schools Adjudicator on 1 September 2002 operating from an office based in Mowden, Darlington on the site of a former private school. In December 2009 he stepped down and was replaced by Dr Ian Craig.
Recognition.
He was knighted in the June 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to Education. He was made a CBE in June 1999.
Personal life.
His son is a painter in Dublin. He met his wife at the Quaker school.

</doc>
<doc id="20068244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068244" title="Chrysodeixis argentifera">
Chrysodeixis argentifera

The Tobacco Looper "(Chrysodeixis argentifera)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is ca. 30 mm.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Sunflower, Canola, Tomato, various Beans and Silver Beet.

</doc>
<doc id="20068252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068252" title="Gordano Messaging Suite">
Gordano Messaging Suite

Gordano Messaging Suite (GMS) is a commercial mail and groupware server developed by Gordano Ltd. It runs on Windows, Linux, Solaris, and AIX. Originally called NTMail which was the first commercially available mail for the Windows platform, the products were rebranded to the Gordano Messaging Suite in August 2002 to reflect the support for additional hardware platforms and operating systems.
Features.
The features of GMS include encrypted access using SSL, anti-virus and anti-spam protection, over-the-air handheld synchronization, web based webmail and calendaring interfaces and a plugin for Microsoft Outlook allowing Microsoft Exchange style functionality.
Administration is performed by a web browser using HTTP
Supported clients.
Groupware.
Native support for full groupware features exists for these clients:
References.
Reviews of version 15:

</doc>
<doc id="20068258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068258" title="Larry Rodriguez (basketball)">
Larry Rodriguez (basketball)

Larry Rodriguez (born May 5, 1983) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association and currently plays for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters. He was drafted ninth overall in the 2008 PBA Draft alongside prolific rookies Gabe Norwood, Jared Dillinger, and Jayson Castro.

</doc>
<doc id="20068259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068259" title="Prayer for Peace">
Prayer for Peace

Prayer for Peace may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="20068276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068276" title="Terence Tolbert">
Terence Tolbert

Terence D. Tolbert (1964 – November 2, 2008) was an American political operative who was the Nevada state director for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign and an aide to Joel Klein, the New York City School Chancellor. Tolbert's death came two days before the 2008 presidential election, and the same day as Obama's grandmother.
Biography.
Tolbert was born and raised in Harlem. He graduated from the Bronx High School of Science, where he was a classmate of Christopher "Kid" Reid, the rap musician and actor, and John T. Georgopoulos, a fantasy sports writer. He later earned a bachelor's degree from Hunter College. He had lived in Harlem with his wife, Freida Foster-Tolbert.
In his intense career in politics, Tolbert worked at the New York State Senate Minority Program Office in Albany. He served on the staff of State Senators Martin Connor and Joseph Galiber, and for Representative Charles B. Rangel.
He was the chief of staff to New York State Assemblyman Keith L. T. Wright for eight years. In 2003 and 2004, Tolbert was the New York state director for the presidential campaign of John Edwards. Tolbert had taken a leave from his position as chief of staff to Assemblyman Wright, who was in turn supporting John Kerry's presidential bid.
After leaving the Edwards campaign in 2004, Tolbert was the Nevada state director of America Coming Together, a 527 group dedicated to get out the vote efforts, primarily for Democratic candidates. Tolbert served as the liaison to ethnic, religious and cultural groups in the city for Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg in his bid for a second term in the 2005 mayoral election. He had also worked on the campaigns of Senator Chuck Schumer and former Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer.
Tolbert was hired by the New York City Department of Education in 2006, serving as its primary representative in Albany, New York and Washington, D.C. lobbying on behalf of Bloomberg's efforts to extend the law due to expire in June 2009 that grants the mayor primary authority over the New York City public schools.
He took a leave of absence from the Department of Education in July to work in Nevada as state director for the Obama campaign, with the Democrats making a strong effort in a state that had traditionally been solidly Republican. Barack Obama took Nevada's five electoral votes, defeating John McCain by a 56%-42% margin, carrying Nevada by 120,000 votes in a state the George W. Bush had won by 20,000 votes in the 2004 election.
On the evening of November 2, 2008, in North Las Vegas, Nevada, Tolbert suffered a heart attack while driving alone near the Obama campaign offices. He was taken to North Vista Hospital and died there, aged 44.
Legacy.
In a press release, Mayor Bloomberg described Tolbert as one of the most likeable and hardworking people in the world and "a valued member of our administration" who "had become a personal friend". Schools Chancellor Klein eulogized Tolbert as someone "who believed deeply that government can and must play a constructive role in improving the lives of its citizens" in his role as Executive Director of Inter-Governmental Relations. A statement issued by the Obama campaign characterized Tolbert as "a strong force in this campaign, with a positive outlook that brought people together."
Tolbert's funeral was held at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
Tolbert's middle school in Harlem was named after him in November 2008, as a memorial.
He was survived by his wife and mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20068278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068278" title="Roketz">
Roketz

Roketz is a 360 degree scrolling shoot 'em up released for the Amiga 1200 in 1995 and PC (MS-DOS) in 1996. It features gravity environment and thrust-and-turn gameplay similar to the likes of Thrust, Virus, and SubSpace.

</doc>
<doc id="20068279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068279" title="Kojiro Kaimoto">
Kojiro Kaimoto

His elder brother Keiji is also a former Japanese footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20068284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068284" title="Bear claw">
Bear claw

Bear claw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20068293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068293" title="Fort Deseret">
Fort Deseret

Fort Deseret () was built in 1865 during the Utah Black Hawk War to protect settlers in western Utah from the attacks of local Utes. Due to U.S. Army obligations in the Civil War, local settlers were advised to take measures to defend themselves, resulting in the construction of the fort. The 550-foot square fort had 10-foot adobe walls. It proved useful when Black Hawk appeared in 1866 at Deseret demanding cattle. The security provided by the fortification allowed a peaceful settlement to be negotiated. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 9, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20068294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068294" title="Jalan Jengka 14">
Jalan Jengka 14

Jalan Jengka 14, Federal route is a main federal road in Bandar Pusat Jengka, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1549 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20068307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068307" title="1906 Vanderbilt Elimination Race">
1906 Vanderbilt Elimination Race

The 1906 Vanderbilt Elimination Race was a motor race run to decide which five cars would represent the United States in the international 1906 Vanderbilt Cup. 
The race was run on September 22, 1906, over ten laps on a 29-mile course near Westbury, Long Island, New York. "Crowded excursion trains followed one another from midnight until long after the race had started, discharging thousands at Mineola, Westbury, Hicksville and other stations about the course. Country people from miles around journeyed to the course until the multitude numbered more than 100,000. At least 5,000 automobiles, carrying gay parties of men and women lined the course." The race started at 06:00 in the morning with cars leaving at one minute intervals. Mongini, Matheson, burst a tire on the first lap, hitting a telephone pole. He and his mechanic Green were thrown from the car but suffered only bruising. When Tracy crossed the finish line the race was stopped due to the crowd invading the circuit.
The following team was chosen to represent America: Joseph Tracy (100-hp. Locomobile), Hubert LeBlon (115-hp. Thomas), H.N. Harding (50-hp. Haynes), Frank Lawell (110-hp. Frayer-Miller), and Walter Christie (50-hp. Christie). "Only the first three covered the full course, and Lawell and Christie were given places on the team; the former owing to the fact that he was still running when the race was called off, and the latter owing to the disqualification of Lyttle (Pope-Toledo), for being towed." During the elimination contest: "Lawell was closely pressing Christie for the fifth place." 

</doc>
<doc id="20068310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068310" title="Jalan Jengka 20">
Jalan Jengka 20

Jalan Jengka 20, Federal route is a main federal road in Bandar Pusat Jengka, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1550 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20068349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068349" title="Yuzo Funakoshi">
Yuzo Funakoshi

During his career, Funakoshi played for Gamba Osaka, Shonan Bellmare, Oita Trinita, Albirex Niigata and Tokyo Verdy. Overall he made well over 150 senior league appearances until a persistent injury forced his early retirement in early 2010. He is currently a coach at Thespakusatsu Gunma.

</doc>
<doc id="20068357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068357" title="Fukuoka Subway 2000 series">
Fukuoka Subway 2000 series

The is an electric multiple unit operated by Fukuoka City Transportation Bureau on the Hakozaki Line and Kūkō Line in Fukuoka, Japan.
History.
The 2000 series was introduced in 1992 ahead of the opening of the Line between Fukuoka Airport and Hakata Station on March 3, 1993. Because of the increasing traffic, the train is used together with the Fukuoka Subway 1000 series on the Kūko Line, the Hakozaki Line, and also Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyūshū) lines. 
12 years after the introduction of the 1000 series, the new trains have improved comfort, energy conservation and cheaper maintenance. The trains have since been overhauled four times with only minor changes.
The trains were manufactured by Kinki Sharyo in 1992, by Kawasaki Heavy Industries in 1994 and 1997, and by Nippon Sharyo in 1998.
Design.
The trains have stainless steel bodies. The first trains were painted with blue stripes, but from 1994 a combination of white and blue stripes was used. Each car is 20 m long with four pairs of doors on each side.
The longitudinal seats are covered with a green moquette. The opening of the doors is signaled by a display system and wheelchair spaces have been built-in. LED displays show the next stops and the current position of the train. The cars are all air-conditioned.

</doc>
<doc id="20068365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068365" title="Wilhelm Carpelan">
Wilhelm Carpelan

Fredrik Wilhelm Carpelan (1778–1829), from the Carpelan family, was a Swedish baron and official. He was secretary of state for war from 1809 to 1810, and was crucial in the developing of Sweden's postal service.

</doc>
<doc id="20068389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068389" title="Warped by Success">
Warped by Success

Warped by Success is the sixth studio album by English musical group China Crisis. It was released on CD, LP and Cassette in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20068429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068429" title="Peter Connell">
Peter Connell

Peter Connell (born 13 August 1981) is a New Zealander-born Irish cricketer. An opening bowler, he made his debut for Ireland in 2008, aged 26. He took part in Ireland's successful campaign in the 2007–08 ICC Intercontinental Cup. Connell has also represented Ireland in One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). In January 2012 he was given a contract with Cricket Ireland.
Career.
Breakthrough.
Peter Connell made his Twenty20 debut on 27 June 2008 in a match for Ireland against Bangladesh A. His three overs conceded twenty runs for no wickets and he opened the bowling with Thinus Fourie. Connell made his first-class debut for Ireland on 9 July 2008 in a match against the Netherlands as part of the 2007–08 ICC Intercontinental Cup. Opening the bowling with Thinus Fourie, Connell took a ten-wicket haul, finishing with figures of 10 wickets for 69 runs (10/69) in the match, and also took a hat-trick as Ireland won by an innings and 67 runs. He was the 16th player in the history of first-class cricket to take a hat-trick on debut and the first to do so in an international match. He is also the only player to have taken a first-class hat-trick for Ireland. With 30 first-class wickets for Ireland, Connell is the 16th highest wicket-taker for Ireland. In the 2007–08 ICC Intercontinental Cup, Connell was Ireland's leading wicket-taker for the tournament. His haul of 28 wickets from 5 matches, at an average of 11.67, was also the fourth highest total of wickets for that year's tournament and was the best average for bowlers with 10 wickets or more.
Ireland played in the ICC World Twenty20 Qualifiers in August 2008. On 2 August, the team played their maiden T20 International, beating Scotland by four wickets; Connell made his T20I debut in the match, along with the rest of the Ireland team. Ireland progressed to the final and ended up sharing the trophy with the Netherlands as the match was rained off. Connell finished the tournament with 6 wickets from 4 matches, at an average of 6.00; he was Ireland's second leading wicket-taker – behind Andre Botha with 8, and tied with Alex Cusack who also had 6 – and was the equal fifth leading wicket-taker in the tournament.
2009.
Ireland took part in the 2009 Friends Provident Trophy, losing five of their eight matches and two were rained off. In Ireland's only victory of the competition, Connell took career best figures of 5/19; it was his first five-wicket haul in one-day matches, beating his previous best bowling figures of 4/71. Ireland bowled Worcestershire out for 58, their lowest ever one-day total, to win by 94 runs. Playing at New Road, Worcester, Ireland received a standing ovation as they walked off the pitch. Connell finished the competition with 10 wickets at an average of 21.30. In the 2009 ICC World Twenty20 in June 2009, Ireland progressed to the super eights. Despite helping Ireland qualify for the tournament the previous year, Connell played just one match in the tournament; opening the bowling, he bowled just one over for fourteen runs in a match Ireland lost to New Zealand.
Ireland's campaign in the 2009–10 ICC Intercontinental Cup, in pursuit of their fourth consecutive title in the competition, began in July 2009. Connell played in their first match, which was against Kenya; opening the bowling, he returned match figures of 2/97. Phil Simmons, Ireland's coach, was dissatisfied with Connell's performance and he was dropped for Ireland's next Intercontinental Cup match, which was against Scotland. Simmons cited "a drop in attitude" for Connell's lack of success and subsequent drop, adding "I need to see that he's back to where he was at towards the beginning of last year. I want people to realise just how nice it is to be involved with this squad and not take it for granted." Connell was given an opportunity to prove himself in an Ireland A match against Marylebone Cricket Club.
In January 2012 Cricket Ireland increased the number of player contracts to 23 across three categories, and Connell was given a category C contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20068432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068432" title="Gaswan Zerikly">
Gaswan Zerikly

Gaswan Zerikly (Arabic: غزوان الزركلي, born 4 January 1954, Damascus) is a Syrian pianist and composer. 
Gaswan Zerikly is an internationally recognised pianist, having played in twenty-five different countries worldwide including the U.S.A. and numerous cities in Europe, Africa and Asia. He has been working as Solo-Pianist and composer for the Syrian Radio and Television since 1977 and has composed numerous music for TV, film and others, as well as contributing to the western-style art song in Arabic. He has performed Liszt for the new Damascus Opera.
He is a professor at the Damascus Higher Institute of Music (2001-) and the Cairo Conservatory (2003–2005).
Studies.
Master “Meisterklasse” With Prof. D. Zechlin from the German Academy of Music “Hanns Eisler” in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20068439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068439" title="1997 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix was the tenth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 3 August 1997 at the Autódromo Internacional Nelson Piquet.

</doc>
<doc id="20068445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068445" title="Brash Brands">
Brash Brands

Brash Brands, founded in 2006, is an independent branding and design agency. They are based in Dubai Media City in the United Arab Emirates and have opened a second office in Abu Dhabi to help service the increasing number of their clients in the UAE's capital. This has been followed in 2010 by offices in Shanghai, Singapore and London. 
The Founder and principal Creative Director, John Brash, has a career spanning almost 20 years. He was one of the Global Airline Team founders whilst at Landor London and became a European board member when Creative Director MENA. Since 2006, John Brash has been a member of the influential Superbrands Council. 
In 2011 Brash Brands have been responsible for the repositioning and subsequent launch of a number of major brands. These include:
Clients of Brash Brands include:
Cultural projects
Investment companies
Information communications technology
Sustainability / green transformation projects
Logistics and travel
Hotels & leisure
Real estate

</doc>
<doc id="20068459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068459" title="1997 British motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 British motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 British motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 17 August 1997 at Donington Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20068474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068474" title="Sound energy">
Sound energy

Form of energy associated with the vibration or disturbance of matter. Sound is a mechanical wave and as such requires a medium to travel through.
The sound energy in a volume of interest is defined as the sum of the potential and kinetic energy densities integrated over that volume:
With

</doc>
<doc id="20068492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068492" title="2016 in film">
2016 in film

There are numerous films set to be released in 2016. While some films have announced release dates but have yet to begin filming, others are in production but do not yet have definite release dates.

</doc>
<doc id="20068508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068508" title="Badalkot">
Badalkot

Badalkot is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2031 people living in 377 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068513" title="Chris Getzlaf">
Chris Getzlaf

Chris Getzlaf (born January 9, 1983) is a Canadian professional football slotback for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was drafted in the fifth round, 33rd overall by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the 2007 CFL Draft and was later traded that season to the Roughriders. He played CIS football for the Regina Rams.
Early life.
Born and raised in Regina, Saskatchewan, Getzlaf grew up playing ice hockey in addition to football with his younger brother, Ryan, an NHL All-Star and Stanley Cup champion for the Anaheim Ducks.
Playing career.
Getzlaf played with the junior Prairie Thunder and collegiate Regina Rams in his hometown before being drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the fifth round, 33rd overall, in the 2007 CFL Draft. After dressing for the first two games of the season, he spent the rest of the season on two team's practice rosters, as he was then traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders with Corey Holmes in exchange for Jason Armstead on August 19, 2007. While he was on the practice roster during the Roughriders' 2007 Grey Cup victory, he still shared in the win, meaning that both he and his brother, Ryan, ended up 2007 champions with their respective teams.
Getzlaf started the 2008 season on the practice roster, but with a rash of injuries at the receiver position, he was pressed into action, making his Rider debut on Oct 3, 2008. In this game against the Calgary Stampeders, he recorded his first career CFL catch and touchdown, finishing the game with five catches for 47 yards and a touchdown. He dressed for the final five games of the season, finishing with 15 catches for 247 yards and two touchdowns. He also contributed one catch for 13 yards in the Roughriders' loss to the BC Lions in the 2008 West Semi-Final.
Heading into the 2009 season, Getzlaf looked to improve upon his strong play at the end of the previous season and spent the first four weeks as a backup receiver. After Andy Fantuz was injured in a week 4 game against Edmonton, Getzlaf started the Week 5 game against the Calgary Stampeders, contributing in a major way. He had a huge day with five receptions for 101 yards and two touchdowns including the opening score of the game and a 65-yard touchdown with 1:17 remaining in the game to give the Roughriders an improbable 24-23 comeback victory. It was the first 100-yard receiving game of his career. Once Fantuz came back from injury in the Banjo Bowl, Getzlaf retained his starter's position, with Jason Clermont being relegated to a backup role; hence, he started 14 games during the regular season. Getzlaf finished with a team-leading six touchdown receptions and was tied with Andy Fantuz for the team lead in two-point conversions with two. Interestingly, out of his nine career touchdowns (including post-season), six have come against the Stampeders. In the 2009 West Final, Getzlaf had three catches for 21 yards and a touchdown, which was part of the 27-17 win over the Stampeders that featured all Roughrider scoring by Canadian players. He had two catches for 15 yards in the 2009 Grey Cup, a 28-27 loss to the Montreal Alouettes.
On Jan. 15, 2010, it was formally announced that Getzlaf had re-signed with the Roughriders, rather than becoming a free agent.
On June 20, 2012, the Riders announced that Getzlaf has signed a contract extension.
Getzlaf was named the most valuable Canadian player in the 101st Grey Cup.
On December 5, 2013, Getzlaf signed a contract extension with the Roughriders, promising to keep him in Saskatchewan through the 2015 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20068519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068519" title="Chhapre">
Chhapre

Chhapre is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2494 people living in 506 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068521" title="Signet Solar">
Signet Solar

Signet Solar was established in 2006 in Menlo Park, California. They produce photovoltaic modules, and have manufacturing plants in India and Germany. The modules are made using thin film silicon technology on large area () glass substrates, referred to as Gen 8.5.
India.
Signet Solar India, started in 2007, plans to have the capacity to produce 300 MWp/year by 2012. The factory is located near Chennai.
Germany.
The plant in Mochau, near Dresden, began production in 2008 and is expected to have the capacity to produce 120 MWp/year by 2010.
New Mexico.
In December, plans were announced to begin construction of a plant in Belen, New Mexico, with an initial capacity of 65 MWp/year when it is completed in 2010, and an eventual capacity of 300 MWp/year. The plant is located in a master planned industrial and residential community, called Rancho Cielo, and is expected to provide the panels for a , 600 MW solar farm, to provide the majority of the power for the community.

</doc>
<doc id="20068531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068531" title="FC Luzhany">
FC Luzhany

FC Luzhany is a Ukrainian football team based in Luzhany, Chernivtsi Oblast.
The club is based in a close proximity to the city of Chernivtsi. Throughout the early history of the Ukrainian Amateur Association it was its most loyal member. The club seasons vary with success. Nonetheless, FC Luzhany has managed to obtain the Cup and win the Championship of the Association. The club has never applied for the professional status. In 2008 Luzhany has managed to win their first the Amateur Championship, the final round of which has taken place in Chernivtsi oblast. In the final game they beat FC Torpedo Mykolaiv that in the recent season has been more and more successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20068533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068533" title="Chilkhaya">
Chilkhaya

Chilkhaya is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2979 people living in 576 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068541" title="Big Brother Awards (United Kingdom)">
Big Brother Awards (United Kingdom)

The Big Brother Awards (the Winston Awards) for the United Kingdom
2008.
A single Big Brother award was won by New Labour.
2003.
The 2003 awards went to:
2002.
The 2002 awards went to:
2000.
The 2000 awards were made on 4 December and went to:
1998 (first year).
The 1998 awards went to:

</doc>
<doc id="20068547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068547" title="43d Flying Training Squadron">
43d Flying Training Squadron

The 43d Flying Training Squadron (43 FTS) is part of the 340th Flying Training Group and is the reserve associate to the 14th Flying Training Wing based at Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi. It operates T-1 Jayhawk, T-6 Texan II and T-38 Talon aircraft conducting flight training.
Mission.
The 43 FTS administers and executes the Air Education and Training Command/Air Force Reserve Command Associate Instructor Pilot (IP) Program and provides Active Guard Reserve (AGR) and Traditional Reserve (TR) IPs to augment the cadre of active duty pilots conducting pilot training. During wartime, or in the event of hostilities, the unit is mobilized to offset anticipated losses of experienced active duty pilot contributions to the instructor pilot training programs.
History.
Activated in early 1940 as part of the pre-World War II build up of the United States Army Air Corps after the breakout of war in Europe. Assigned to the GHQ Northeast Air District, equipped with B-18 Bolos; later early model B-17C/D heavy bombers. After the Pearl Harbor Attack. flew antisubmarine patrol missions in the Caribbean from, January–June 1942.
Returned to the United States in June 1942 and was assigned to II Bomber Command. Was an Operational Training (OTU) and later Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for B-17 heavy bomber units and replacement personnel until March 1944 with the end of Heavy Bomber training.
B-29 Superfortress operations against Japan.
Re-designated on 1 April 1944 as a B-29 Superfortress Very Heavy bombardment squadron. When training was completed moved to North Field Guam in the Mariana Islands of the Central Pacific Area in January 1945 and assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Twentieth Air Force. Its mission was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands and the destruction of its war-making capability.
Flew "shakedown" missions against Japanese targets on Moen Island, Truk, and other points in the Carolines and Marianas. The squadron began combat missions over Japan on 25 February 1945 with a firebombing mission over Northeast Tokyo. The squadron continued to participate in wide area firebombing attack, but the first ten day blitz resulting in the Army Air Forces running out of incendiary bombs. Until then the squadron flew conventional strategic bombing missions using high explosive bombs.
The squadron continued attacking urban areas with incendiary raids until the end of the war in August 1945, attacking major Japanese cities, causing massive destruction of urbanized areas. Also conducted raids against strategic objectives, bombing aircraft factories, chemical plants, oil refineries, and other targets in Japan. The squadron flew its last combat missions on 14 August when hostilities ended. Afterwards, its B 29s carried relief supplies to Allied prisoner of war camps in Japan and Manchuria.
Squadron remained in Western Pacific, although largely demobilized in the fall of 1945. Some aircraft scrapped on Tinian; others flown to storage depots in the United States. Remained as a paper unit assigned to Twentieth Air Force until inactivated in 1946.
United States Air Force.
It conducted undergraduate pilot training from, 1972–1977, 1990–1992, and since 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20068554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068554" title="2004 Telecom Italia Masters">
2004 Telecom Italia Masters

The 2004 Internazionali BNL d'Italia was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 61st edition of the Rome Masters and was part of the Masters Series of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2004 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Foro Italico in Rome in Italy. The men's tournament was played from May 3 through May 9, 2004 while the women's tournament was played from May 10 through May 16, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20068565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068565" title="Daha, Karnali">
Daha, Karnali

Daha is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 32421 people living in 613 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068568" title="Ramjee Singh">
Ramjee Singh

Professor Ramjee Singh (Born 1927, India) is a former Member of Parliament and Vice-Chancellor of Jain Vishva Bharati University. He is an eminent Gandhian and is the author of a number of books on him. He was also the director of Gandhian Institute of Studies, Varanasi, India. His life has been a blend of being a Gandhian academician as well as an activist. Professor Ramjee Singh has declared Mahatma Gandhi as the Bodhisattva of the 20th century.
Education and achievements.
Towards his academic achievements, he has earned three Doctorate degrees, a PhD in Jainism, a D.Litt. in Hindu thought and another D.Litt. in Political Science in Gandhism and was awarded Emeritus Fellowship.
He is a prolific writer and has authored and edited about 50 books mostly on Gandhism and Indian Philosophy and Culture both in English and Hindi. He was also Vice Chancellor of the Jain University, and a panel speaker at the International Philosophical Congress (Brighton) and Parliament of the World's Religions (Chicago, 1993), and Cape Town, 2001. He was secretary and president of All India Philosophical Association for about 12 years and is currently the Vice-President of Afro-Asian Philosophical Association.
He has served as the Secretary of "Akhil Bharatiya Darshan Parishad" for 9 years and its chairman for 6 years and the secretary of Afro Asian Philosophy Association (for Asia) since 1985. He was also associated with the Royal Institute of Philosophy and Psychology, Sydney, etc. He was invited to address the plenary session of World Congress of Philosophy at Brighton, United Kingdom, which the British newspapers and the B.B.C. acclaimed very highly. He was the founder and Head of Department of Gandhian Thought at Bhagalpur University where he served as its chairman for 10 years. He has combined academics with social activism.
Freedom Movement and Social Activism.
As a social activist he participated in freedom movement of India in 1942 under Gandhi’s leadership and also suffered imprisonment for 21 months when the Indian government had suppressed all civil and political rights and imposed emergency in 1975-77. As a result he was elected to the Parliament of India with a margin of 1.86 lakh votes against his formidable rival who was later Chief Minister of Bihar. He has also raised his voice against inhuman blinding of under-trial prisoners in jail before the Supreme Court of India and had moved a Public Interest Litigation in the High Court for the protection of the rights of the landless people. As a Gandhian peace activist he has organized about 70 youth peace camps and helped to set up Departments of Gandhian Studies and peace research throughout the country from the time he was President of Indian Society of Gandhian Studies. He still continues to be the President of Indian Society of Gandhian Studies.
He has taught Philosophy and Gandhian Thought for 50 years and he is still an Emeritus Fellow of the University Grants Commission. .

</doc>
<doc id="20068585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068585" title="Dholagohe">
Dholagohe

Dholagohe is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4841 people living in 842 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068600" title="Raymond W. Lessard">
Raymond W. Lessard

Raymond William Lessard (born December 21, 1930) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Savannah from 1973 to 1995.
Biography.
Early life, education, and priesthood.
Raymond Lessard was born in Grafton, North Dakota, to a largely French-Canadian family. An early ancestor, who had emigrated to Canada from Normandy, donated a piece of land for the construction of the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré. Lessard was raised on a farm and educated at St. Aloysius Academy.
He studied at St. Paul Seminary in Minnesota, and was ordained to the priesthood on December 16, 1956, for the Diocese of Fargo. Lessard later worked at the Vatican both during and after the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965) as an official of the Consistorial Congregation.
Bishop.
On March 5, 1973, Lessard was appointed the twelfth Bishop of Savannah by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 27 from Archbishop Thomas Donnellan, with Bishops Justin Driscoll and Francis Gossman serving as co-consecrators. He once served as liaison between Catholic bishops and married Episcopalian clergy seeking Catholic ordination. As a bishop of the Southern United States, he has described racism as "the paramount social problem affecting our area".
Resignation and academic career.
Lessard, due to his chronic back problems, resigned as Bishop on February 7, 1995, after twenty-one years of service. He then became a professor at St. Vincent de Paul Regional Seminary in Boynton Beach, Florida, where he teaches ecclesiology.
Within the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, Lessard has chaired the Committee for Pastoral Research and Practices.
Sex abuse scandal and cover-up.
In October, 2009, the diocese of Savannah paid $4.24 million to settle a lawsuit which alleged that Lessard allowed a priest named Wayland Brown to work in the diocese when Lessard knew that Brown was a serial child molester who posed a danger to children.

</doc>
<doc id="20068607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068607" title="Gela, Nepal">
Gela, Nepal

Gela is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2685 people living in 496 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068621" title="Phil Eaglestone">
Phil Eaglestone

Phil Eaglestone (born 17 June 1982) is an English-born Irish cricketer. Primarily a left-arm seamer, Eaglestone made his One Day International debut for Ireland in 2008. Two years later he played his first Twenty20 International.
Career.
Domestic.
Phil Eaglestone's plays for his local club, that of Strabane. He first represented Ireland in 2008. In his first season playing for them in the Friends Provident Trophy (FPT), he featured in four games, taking five wickets at an average of 22.40. His debut match was against Nottinghamshire on 27 April 2008. He opened the bowling with Kevin O'Brien and finished with figures of 10–2–49–2; his wickets were those of Will Jefferson and Graeme Swann. He was forced to miss one FPT game in May 2008 due to a knee injury.
International career.
Before making his senior team debut, Eagleston represented Ireland A against Denmark and Marylebone Cricket Club. Although Eaglestone was part of the 15-man squad that toured Bangladesh in early 2008, he did not play on the tour. He made his international debut on 1 July 2008, playing against New Zealand in a One Day International (ODI) as part of the 2008 Associates Tri-Series in Scotland. Ireland lost the match, which was played in Scotland, by 290 runs. Eaglestone opened the bowling with fellow seamer Peter Connell – who was also on debut – and finished with figures of 7–0–60–1 as New Zealand amassed 402 from their 50 overs. The first wicket Eaglestone took was that of Brendon McCullum for 166.
Although he was selected in Ireland's squad for the European Cricket Championship, held later in July 2008, a suspected stress fracture of the tibia (shin) led to his withdrawal. The injury also prevented him from playing in the Twenty20 World Cup qualifiers in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20068629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068629" title="GLUCOS">
GLUCOS

Great Lakes Urban Coastal Observing System (GLUCOS) is a buoy-based sensor network that will support research on the interactions between Milwaukee Harbor and the lake, and other processes in coastal Lake Michigan.
The GLUCOS is composed of two types of buoys; Endurance Buoys which are large seasonal buoys and Pioneer Buoys which are small relatively easy to deploy buoys.
It is maintained by the fresh water research institution, the Great Lakes WATER Institute which is administered by the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
Pioneer buoys.
The Pioneer Buoys are spar buoys anchored to the bottom, with custom electronics attached to the mooring lines monitoring data from sondes, temperature sensor strings, and other sensors as needed for research purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20068638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068638" title="Jubika">
Jubika

Jubika is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1734 people living in 345 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068642" title="1997 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix was the twelfth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 31 August 1997 at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20068648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068648" title="Kheen">
Kheen

Kheen is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2496 people living in 479 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068654" title="1997 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix was the thirteenth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 14 September 1997 at the Circuit de Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="20068657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068657" title="Kotbada">
Kotbada

Kotbada is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4954 people living in 854 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068667" title="Kumalgaun">
Kumalgaun

Kumalgaun is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2617 people living in 413 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068674" title="Erroll M. Brown">
Erroll M. Brown

Erroll M. Brown is a retired rear admiral in the United States Coast Guard. Brown was the first African-American promoted to flag rank in the Coast Guard.
Education.
After graduating from Dixie M. Hollins High School in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1968, Brown enrolled in the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. In 1972, Brown graduated from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, majoring in Marine Engineering. He also earned a masters degree in Naval Architect and Marine Engineering and a second masters in Industrial and Operations Engineering at the University of Michigan. In 1986, Brown received the Masters of Business Administration degree from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He then received a masters degree in National Security and Strategic Studies when he graduated from the Naval War College in 1994.
Service Years.
Brown served on ships including the Coast Guard Icebreaker "Burton Island" (WAGB-283), Cutter "Jarvis" (WHEC-725), and Cutter "Rush" (WHEC-723). He has held positions on board ships including Damage Control Assistant, Assistant Engineer Officer, and Maintenance Type Deck Officer. He has also served in the Small Boat Branch as the supervisor for two inspection officers Instructors in the Marine Engineering Department at the U. S. Coast Guard Academy, and served as Executive Officer. He has been a Program Reviewer in the Office of the Chief of Staff, Programs Division in Coast Guard Headquarters, and has served as the Military Assistant to the Secretary of Transportation. He was also assigned as Chief of the Budget Division in the Office of the Chief of Staff in Coast Guard Headquarters. In 1998, Brown was promoted to rear admiral. Recently, he was the Commanding Officer of the USCG Integrated Support Command in Portsmouth, VA. Before he retired, he was the Commander of the Maintenance and Logistics Command Atlantic in Norfolk, VA.
He retired after 33 years of service. He currently serves as the program evaluator for the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology.
He coauthored with Harry Benford of the University of Michigan a book entitled "Ship Replacement and Prediction of Economic Life". He presented this to the 25th Annual Colloquium of Shipbuilders in Hamburg, Germany at the University of Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20068682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068682" title="1996 IBF World Junior Championships">
1996 IBF World Junior Championships

The 1996 IBF World Junior Championships was an international badminton tournament held in Silkeborg, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20068691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068691" title="1994 FA Charity Shield">
1994 FA Charity Shield

The 1994 FA Charity Shield was the 72nd FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 14 August 1994 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the league and cup Double in 1993–94, and Blackburn Rovers, who had finished as runners-up in the Premier League. Manchester United won the match 2–0 with goals from Eric Cantona and Paul Ince.
Notable omissions from the Blackburn side were top scorer Alan Shearer and his strike partner Chris Sutton, who had just joined them for a national record fee of £5 million. Young striker Peter Thorne made his solitary appearance for Blackburn as a substitute, while Manchester United defender David May made his club debut just weeks after joining them from Blackburn. Blackburn had two debutants in the game: experienced defender Tony Gale and young striker Peter Thorne.

</doc>
<doc id="20068695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068695" title="Paul Stirling">
Paul Stirling

Paul Robert Stirling (born 3 September 1990) is an Irish cricketer. He debuted in first-class cricket in March 2008, playing for Ireland in the Intercontinental Cup. The same year Stirling made his debut in One Day Internationals (ODIs). Having represented Middlesex's youth sides and Second XI, Stirling signed a contract with the club in December 2009. A month later he was awarded a contract with Cricket Ireland, making him one of six players with a full-time contract with the board. He made his twenty20 and List A debuts for Middlesex in 2010 and 2011 respectively.
Early career.
In July 2009, Stirling scored his maiden first-class century. In Ireland's opening match of the 2009–10 ICC Intercontinental Cup, he opened the batting with Jeremy Bray and in the first innings scored 100. Stirling was a member of the Ireland squad that participated in 2010 Under-19 World Cup hosted by New Zealand in January. The team were runners-up to Bangladesh in the Plate Championship, finishing tenth overall out of 16 teams. Stirling was the team's leading run-scorer, with 209 from five matches.
Contracts with Middlesex and Ireland.
In December 2009 Stirling signed a three-year contract with Middlesex County Cricket Club, joining former Ireland international Eoin Morgan at the club. According to Angus Fraser, the club's director of cricket, representing Ireland is Stirling's priority; he also stated that "Paul has been involved with the Middlesex youth sides and Second XI and we are delighted that he has now signed a contract for the club. His batting for Ireland in 2009 highlighted his potential". The following month Cricket Ireland, the governing body for cricket in Ireland, awarded Stirling a full-time contract. He was one of six players to be awarded such contracts with Cricket Ireland, and came just a year after the first professional contracts were awarded to Ireland's cricketers. Before that players were amateurs relying on income from other jobs and playing cricket in their spare time. The contract allowed Stirling and the others to focus on cricket, with the aim of improving ahead of the 2011 World Cup.
In August 2010, Stirling was nominated in the "Emerging Player of the Year" and "Associate and Affiliate Player of the Year" categories for the ICC Awards. He was the only associate member to be nominated in the "Emerging Player" category, the other 15 players coming from Test-playing countries. Ireland's had most nominees in the "Associate and Affiliate" category, with Trent Johnston and Kevin O'Brien included alongside Stirling. Richard Holdsworth, a representative of the ICC, said "I think it's fantastic for Paul Stirling to be nominated in two separate categories and to be recognised alongside some of the leading emerging players in the Full Members, it proves how far the development of Associate cricket has progressed". He did not make the short list in either category.
On 7 September 2010, during a One Day International against Canada, Stirling made his maiden List-A century, scoring 177 runs. In doing so, Stirling made the highest individual score for Ireland in an ODI.
Stirling was selected in Ireland's 15-man squad for the 2011 World Cup. Ireland won two out of six matches, which was not sufficient to progress beyond the group stage, but finished on a high by beating the Netherlands. Chasing 307 to win on a batting friendly wicket, Stirling opened the batting with team captain William Porterfield. The pair shared a partnership of 177 runs, setting a new record for Ireland's first wicket in ODIs. Stirling fell for 101, his century coming off 70 deliveries, which made it the fourth-fastest in World Cup history.
After the World Cup Stirling broke into Middlesex's one-day side during the 2011 season, making his List A debut for the club on 24 April against Worcestershire. Although Middlesex failed to progress beyond the group stages of the 2011 Clydesdale Bank 40, Stirling enjoyed personal success. Scoring 535 runs from 12 matches, he was Middlesex's leading run-scorer and 7th in the competition. During an innings of 68 against Yorkshire, one of Stirling's two half-centuries in the competition, he passed 2,000 runs in List A cricket. Towards the end of the competition Stirling struck his first century in Middlesex colours, scoring 109 runs from 81 balls to a 34-run win over Derbyshire.
When Ireland's cricketers have been regulars for English counties, demands from country and club have sometimes come into conflict. Despite this, Stirling played in Ireland's two-match ODI series against Pakistan in May. Ireland lost the series 2–0, but in the second match Stirling scored his first century against a Test nation. Stirling's influence on the team was such that, along with all-round Kevin O'Brien, he was one of two Ireland players shortlisted for Associate and Affiliate Player of the Year at the 2011 ICC Awards in August. Although a full-strength team played against England in an ODI in August, county commitments meant many of Ireland's senior players were unavailable to play in the team's opening match of the 2011–13 Intercontinental Cup. An attacking half-century from Stirling in the final innings of the match helped secure victory for Ireland. Later that same month Stirling scored his second first-class century. His innings of 107, beating his previous highest score of 100, came off just 79 deliveries and helped Ireland to their second win of the Intercontinental Cup.
A side made up of some of the best players from Associate and Affiliate teams was put together to face England in Dubai in January 2012. The three-day match was part of England's preparation for a series against Pakistan later that month. Stirling was one of four Ireland players included in the 12-man squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20068709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068709" title="Mark Canton">
Mark Canton

Mark Canton (born 19 June 1949) is an American film producer and executive.
Life and career.
Canton was born in Queens, New York, the son of Shirley Canton and Arthur Canton, who worked in the film industry on marketing and publicity, e.g. for "Lawrence of Arabia". As a young adult, Mark Canton met well known movie people like Alfred Hitchcock and David Lean, and Doris Day visited the family's apartment. After working in the mail room of Warner Bros. while studying at the University of California at Los Angeles, Canton started working for 20th Century Fox and later had jobs with film director Franklin Schaffner, with producer Jon Peters and in the 1970s as executive assistant to Mike Medavoy at United Artists, before working as executive vice president at Warner Bros. from 1980 on. Successes he was involved in at the time include 1983's "National Lampoon's Vacation", "Purple Rain", and the "Batman" and "Lethal Weapon" series, but also notorious box office failures like "The Bonfire of the Vanities" from 1990, a picture he described as "the best movie I ever saw" at its first screening.
Career.
In 1991, Canton quit Warner Bros. where he was executive vice president of the Worldwide Motion Picture Production unit. Warner Bros. let him out of his contract fifteen months early with studio head Bob Daly saying "from our standpoint this was a job that was going to be eliminated." He then became chairman of Sony's Columbia Pictures (later Columbia-TriStar Pictures), where he was involved with some failures like "", but also with blockbusters like "Men in Black", "Air Force One" and "My Best Friend's Wedding". Canton was fired by Sony in 1996, after a series of relative flops including "Last Action Hero" (a film Conton described as "probably the best action movie of all time") and "The Cable Guy" but before his final string of movies could become blockbusters. Described at the time as both "known for enthusiasm, rapid-fire talk, a sleek Italian wardrobe and a youthful style" and "a braggart who was lucky to have become chairman of a studio in the first place", Canton was in those years "one of the most powerful executives in Hollywood".
In 1998, Canton became an independent film producer, with "Jack Frost", starring Michael Keaton, as his first major production. Backed by the German company Senator Entertainment from August 2000 on, he struck a first-look deal with Warner Bros. By the end of 2001, the shares of Senator had dropped substantially and Canton had to close down his production company.
In 2002, he was the chief executive of Artists Production Group, the movie branch of Artist Management Group. After leaving APG in November 2003, he created Atmosphere Entertainment together with Mark Kimsey, an investment manager. The aims were to produce films and television programming. With this company, he produced blockbusters such as "300", Immortals, and "The Spiderwick Chronicles". In his roles as executive, chairman, and producer, Canton has been involved in over 300 major Hollywood productions.
Personal life.
Canton was married to Oscar-winning producer Wendy Finerman, with whom he has three children. His brother is the film producer Neil Canton. They co-produced the 2000 film "Get Carter".

</doc>
<doc id="20068731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068731" title="Lalu, Nepal">
Lalu, Nepal

Lalu is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4067 people living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068733" title="FC Yednist-2 Plysky">
FC Yednist-2 Plysky

FC Yednist-2 Plysky is a Ukrainian professional football team. It is the Reserve or 2nd squad of Yednist Plysky.
"Yednist-2" entered the Ukrainian Cup competition in 2008 which was the major exclusion to the Ukrainian football regulations that state that no club can enter the Cup competition with multiple team. The "FFU" has made the exclusion as the team has won the Amateur Cup in the previous year does not hold the professional license. They were permitted to participate in the Ukrainian Cup as the autonomous entity of the Yednist Plysky. In 2007 and 2008 seasons the team has been one of the runners behind "Bastion" and "Luzhany", respectively.
Team's Staff.
The club's president is Oleksandr Popovych who has two teams playing currently in different Ukrainian Leagues. This team director is Volodymyr Marchenko.

</doc>
<doc id="20068740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068740" title="Marta, Nepal">
Marta, Nepal

Marta is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4008 people living in 754 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068743" title="Valour (software)">
Valour (software)

Valour is a copy/backup/restore program for IBM's VM environment.
The product.
Valour, also called DiskWorks as well as strategic marketing brands chosen by vendors, grew out of a plan to rewrite the aging Westinghouse Disc Utility (WDU) and target the full range of IBM operating systems.
Valour runs as a highly privileged CMS task, designed to accommodate any model disc drive or tape drive. The product incorporated a number of unique concepts and technologies. It was one of the earliest products to use a primitive form of windowing, including dialogue boxes capable of real-time updates.
The product offered a wide variety of hierarchical backups, data streaming, alternating tape drives, and an ability to defragment minidisks.
Development.
Valour, also called DiskWorks, grew out of a joint effort between Westinghouse and III of Orlando, Florida. Original plans called for both VM/CMS and VSE versions led by Dr. Ray Ferguson of Westinghouse and Leigh Lundin of III. John Gaston was selected to lead the VSE team. Part way into development, Westinghouse began to break up the division during the outsourcing thrust of the Reaganomics era. Through badly managed negotiations, Westinghouse ended up with neither developers or outsourcing partners, which spelled the end for one of the industries foremost software groups.
The VM product was developed by III (Independent Intelligence Incorporated) of Orlando, Florida. The software designer was Leigh Lundin. Other core developers included Dr. Ray Ferguson, Kevin Beauregard, Mark Woodruff, and Jean-François Groff.
Product development occurred at III offices within Westinghouse Automation Intelligence division, Orlando, Florida. Broad range in-depth testing was conducted at IBM's data center in Tampa, Florida and the IBM lab in Böblingen, Germany.
The team first built an OOPS environment using a combination of procedural Rexx and assembler language. Valour may have been one of the first commercial products that looked to object-oriented programming to underpin its development platform.
Development brought new techniques and concepts, including its own hi-speed access method, network hierarchical data structures, windowing, and a buffer block concept referred to as "granularity".
Marketing.
The product had a feature unique for its time. By changing a table and a splash screen, the product could be re-labeled or re-branded for any distributor in any Roman language. As such, the product was localized for France, Germany, Switzerland, and Netherlands, each with local marketing companies. III contracted with distributors using a non-exclusive license.
For example, the distributor in the US branded it USR/Backup, while a German company, SysCon, labeled it SysCon/I.
Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA (WEMSSA), Paris, London, Genève, Zürich, München, and Amsterdam, acquired the marketing rights, initially for Europe, Africa, and the Far East. Westinghouse Electric, Pittsburgh, subsequently acquired rights for the Americas.
Through legal agreements, III then contracted with other companies and distributors.
Over time, Valour (DiskWorks) replaced competing products acquired by Dowling Associates of Dublin, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20068752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068752" title="Swimming at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships">
Swimming at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships

The Swimming competition at the 11th FINA World Championships consisted of 40 long course events, swum July 24–31, 2005 at pools in Parc Jean-Drapeau in Montreal, Canada. Swimming's 40 events were split evenly between males and females (20 each) and were:
Results.
Men.
Legend: 
Records.
World records.
Nine World Records were set at the 2005 World Championships.
Championships records.
Fifteen Championships (or meet) records were set at the 2005 World Championships.<br>
"Note: Results followed by an asterisk (*) denote that the record was subsequently re-broken during the competition."

</doc>
<doc id="20068753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068753" title="Mehal Madi">
Mehal Madi

Mehal Madi is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3162 people living in 499 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068758" title="Oxatriquinane">
Oxatriquinane

Oxatriquinane is an alkyl oxonium ion with formula , remarkable for being stable in aqueous solution. It has a cyclononane backbone, with the trivalent oxygen connected to carbons 1,4, and 7, forming three fused pentagonal cycles.
Oxonium ions normally are strong alkylating agents and are only observed in solution as reactive intermediates or under extreme conditions. Oxatriquinane does not react with boiling water or with alcohols, thiols, halide ions, or amines, although it does react with stronger nucleophiles such as hydroxide, cyanide, and azide. It also had the longest C−O bond and more acute C−O−C angles yet seen in oxonium compounds.
Oxatriquinane was first described in 2008, and was obtained after a five-step synthesis starting from cyclononatriene. The same paper also described oxatriquinacene, the tri-unsaturated analog, which is of interest as a possible precursor to oxaacepentalene, a neutral aromatic species.
A methylated derivative, 1,4,7-trimethyloxatriquinane, was described in the same year. It is stable in solution in methanol, chloroform, and under refluxing in ethanol, and was crystallized as the hexafluorophosphate salt.

</doc>
<doc id="20068760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068760" title="John Waddington (cleric)">
John Waddington (cleric)

John Waddington (1810–1880) was an English Congregational divine who wrote an important series of books on the history of the Congregational Church in England.
Life.
Waddington was born in Leeds in Yorkshire on 10 December 1810, to George and Elizabeth Waddington. At the age of fifteen he began to preach in the cottages of the neighbours. Before he was 19 he preached for Airedale College, the demand for student-preachers being greater than the supply. He then entered Airedale College, and, after a brief theological course under William Vint, was ordained pastor of the congregational church in Orchard Street, Stockport, on 23 May 1833. At Stockport he introduced Sunday schools connected with the congregationalist churches. He also conducted a government enquiry into distress and poverty in the town, the results of which were published in a blue-book.
In 1846 he moved to Southwark, to Union Street Chapel, the oldest congregational church in the world. He found it in financial difficulties, which at one time threatened to disperse the congregation, but which he eventually overcame. In May 1864, with the support of leading congregationalists such as Thomas Binney and Samuel Morley a new building, under the name The Pilgrim Church. was opened in Buckenham Square; erected as a memorial to the Pilgrim Fathers, several of whom were claimed for the congregation. 
Works.
In 1854 he published "John Penry: the Pilgrim Martyr" (London), and in 1861 a more general treatise on "Congregational Martyrs" (London) (intended to form part of a series of "Historical Papers" but these were not continued). The work reached a second edition in the following year. 
It was followed in 1862 by an essay on "Congregational Church History from the Reformation to 1662", London, a popular work which obtained the bicentenary prize offered by the Congregational Union. In 1866 he published "Surrey Congregational History", London, in which he dealt with the records of his own congregation.
In 1869 he began the issue of his major work on "Congregational History", which occupied the latter part of his life. It was completed to 1880 in five volumes, becoming the most comprehensive treatise on any English body of nonconformists.
Death and honours.
Waddington died on 24 September 1880. He received the honorary degree of D.D. from the University of Williamstown, U.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="20068766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068766" title="Mugraha">
Mugraha

Mugraha is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1854 people living in 358 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068769" title="James B. Allen (historian)">
James B. Allen (historian)

James Brown "Jim" Allen (born 1927) is an American historian of Mormonism and was an official Assistant Church Historian of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1972–1979.
Biography.
Allen is a native of Logan, Utah and a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In the late 1940s, he was a proselyting missionary in the California Mission under Oscar W. McConkie. 
Allen served in his church throughout his life, including as a Bishop of a student ward at Brigham Young University (BYU) in the 1960s and a stake high councilor. In politics, he also served for a time as a District Republican committeeman. 
Allen was a significant historian of Mormonism with a strong grasp of its controversies. When his colleague Davis Bitton asked in an article "How many historians who are deeply familiar with the sources on Mormon origins still find it possible to remain in the fold", Bitton listed Allen among the first names he gave of people who fit this description.
Allen lives in Orem, Utah and is married to the former Renée Jones. They have five children and twenty grandchildren. One of his daughters married the writer Orson Scott Card. Allen's younger brother, John H. Allen, was a Colonel in the United States Army Reserve, the commander over the Judge Advocate General units of the 96th Sustainment Brigade, and a Federal Bankruptcy Judge.
Education.
As an undergraduate student, Allen attended Utah State University (USU) in Logan, Utah, receiving a B.A. in history in 1954. During a history seminar as a senior, he met Leonard J. Arrington, a new professor who would come to strongly influence Allen's career. Allen's paper from that seminar was published in "Utah Historical Quarterly" in 1955 and became the basis for his graduate studies.
Allen pursued his M.A. in history at BYU, with Dr. Richard D. Poll as his major professor. In 1956, he completed his thesis, "The Development of County Government in the Territory of Utah, 1850-1896", which drew from his earlier published article.
In 1963, Allen received a Ph.D. in history from the University of Southern California (USC). His dissertation, "The Company Town in the American West", was later published as a book by the University of Oklahoma Press.
Career.
Starting in 1954, Allen worked for the Church Educational System (CES) in a variety of roles. In Kaysville, Utah he was a seminary teacher, as well as in Cowley, Wyoming, where he was also the coordinator of seminaries from 1955-7. He taught at LDS Institutes of Religion for nine years, and was director of the institutes in Long Beach and San Bernardino, California while pursuing his doctorate at USC.
Allen joined the religion faculty at BYU in 1963, and then the history department in 1964. In the early 1970s was the doctoral major professor and mentor of Ron Esplin, who would become another notable Mormon historian. He was chair of the history department from 1981–1987, and afterward held the Lemuel Hardison Redd Jr. Chair in Western American History, until his 1992 retirement. From 1992-2005, he was a senior research fellow with BYU's Joseph Fielding Smith Institute for Latter-day Saint History, and served on its executive committee for a time.
From 1999-2000, Allen and his wife served as full-time missionaries for the Church Education System at the Boston Institute of Religion. In 2002, he taught in the History Department of Brigham Young University—Hawaii as a volunteer.
Mormon History Association.
In 1965, Allen was one of the founders of the Mormon History Association (MHA), along with Leonard J. Arrington. He would go on to serve as its vice-president in 1970 and president in 1972. Representing the MHA, Allen wrote and edited the "Historian's Corner," a semi-annual column in the quarterly "BYU Studies" from 1970–1982, when he was succeeded by Ronald W. Walker.
Assistant Church Historian.
In 1972, Allen was called to be an Assistant Church Historian for the LDS Church, at the request of Leonard J. Arrington. He served half time in that capacity, continuing his BYU professorship at the same time. Arrington had assembled a team of professional historians to engage in new academic research with use of the church archives. Amongst the first major publications to emerge was "The Story of the Latter-day Saints", a comprehensive single-volume history of the LDS Church written by Allen and Glen M. Leonard, a Senior Historical Associate in the church's Historical Department, and published in 1976. 
The book was well received by the general and academic audiences, but some church leaders were uncomfortable. Allen's philosophy was to directly address historical controversies, while casting them against the context of their own time. Some leaders denounced the book as too secular and it was not republished for years, despite its popularity. In 1979, Allen was honorably released as Assistant Church Historian and returned full-time to BYU. Around this time, the department's History Division came under greater suspicion and scrutiny, and its staff and programs were curtailed before being transferred to BYU in 1982 as the Joseph Fielding Smith Institute for Church History. 
At BYU, Allen was coldly received by some religion faculty who were unhappy with his book. Later, some university trustees had reservations about Allen's 1981 appointment as chair of the history department. However, he retained leadership roles at BYU until his 1992 retirement, when he rejoined the staff and programs from the old History Division, at BYU's Joseph Fielding Smith Institute.
Published works.
Allen has published over ninety articles, and fourteen books and monographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20068771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068771" title="1991–92 KNVB Cup">
1991–92 KNVB Cup

The 74th edition of the KNVB Cup started on August 31, 1991. The final was played on May 10, 1992: Feyenoord beat Roda JC 3–0 and won the cup for the eighth time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on August 31 and September 1, 1991. Only amateur clubs and one youth team participated.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on October 12, 1991. Except for eleven Eredivisie teams, all other participants entered the tournament this round.
Third round.
The matches of the third round were played on November 16 and 17, 1991. The eleven highest ranked Eredivisie teams from last season entered the tournament here.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on January 4 and 5, 1992.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 26, March 1 and March 8, 1992.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 31 and April 8, 1992.
Final.
Feyenoord would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20068783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068783" title="Psychopathology (journal)">
Psychopathology (journal)

Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that research on and classification of mental illness in clinical psychiatry, the field of psychopathology. It was established in 1897 as "Psychiatria Clinica" and obtained its current name in 1984. It bills itself as the "International journal of experimental psychopathology, phenomenology and psychiatric diagnosis" and aims to "elucidate the complex interrelationships of biology, subjective experience, behavior and therapies".

</doc>
<doc id="20068787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068787" title="Mumra, Nepal">
Mumra, Nepal

Mumra is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1978 people living in 328 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068793" title="1998 IBF World Junior Championships">
1998 IBF World Junior Championships

The 1998 IBF World Junior Championships was an international badminton tournament held in Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20068798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068798" title="Sceloporus occidentalis taylori">
Sceloporus occidentalis taylori

Sceloporus occidentalis taylori is a subspecies of the western fence lizard, commonly called the Sierra fence lizard. Several subspecies of the western fence lizard, a species of phrynosomatid lizard, are found in the far western part of North America.The subspecific epithet, "taylori", is in honor of American herpetologist Edward Harrison Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="20068799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068799" title="Nanikot">
Nanikot

Nanikot is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3993 people living in 690 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068820" title="Oxatriquinacene">
Oxatriquinacene

Oxatriquinacene is an organic cation with formula . It is an oxonium ion, with a trivalent oxygen atom with +1 charge connected to carbons 1,4, and 7 of a cyclononatriene ring, forming three fused pentagonal cycles.
Oxatriquinacene has remarkable stability compared to other oxonium cations, although not as extreme as that of the similar oxatriquinane. It reacts with water, but can be dissolved in acetonitrile. It is of interest as a possible precursor to oxacepentalene, a hypothetical neutral aromatic species.
Oxatriquinacene was obtained in 2008 by Mascal and others, through a variant of the synthesis that led them to oxatriquinane.

</doc>
<doc id="20068821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068821" title="Odanku">
Odanku

Odanku is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. It is the largest VDC in the district, located in the south-east of Kalikot District. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2941 people living in 558 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Odanku has one FM radio station Radio Bheka Aawaj - 101.2 MHZ Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20068829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068829" title="Disney Channel India Original Series">
Disney Channel India Original Series

Since 2006, Disney Channel India has been launching locally produced original shows. Some of these have been hits, while most have been flops.

</doc>
<doc id="20068840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068840" title="Regan West">
Regan West

Regan West (born 27 April 1979) is a former New Zealander-born Irish cricketer. He played for the Central Districts and the Wellington in the State Championship in New Zealand. He bowled left-arm, either fast-medium or slow left arm orthodox, batted left-handed. Despite being born in New Zealand, West qualified to play for Ireland in late 2008 and made his first appearance for the team the same year. In 2011 West, at the age of 31, announced his retirement due to an injury to his left shoulder; his last match for Ireland was in August 2009.
Career.
New Zealand.
Although he would later qualify for Ireland and represent them in international cricket, West began his professional cricketing career in New Zealand, the country of his birth. He made his first-class debut on 22 March 1997, aged 17. In the match, he represented Central Districts in a match against Northern Districts. Though he did not bat, West was line up to come in at number seven. He took 1 wicket in the match for 38 runs (1/38), that of Matthew Hart.
West's first taste of international cricket came in early 1998 when he represented New Zealand Under-19s in the Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He played all of his six Youth ODIs in the tournament. During the World Cup, he played alongside people such as James Franklin who went on to represent New Zealand in Tests and ODIs. From the 1996/97 season to the 2004/05 season, West played 13 first-class matches for Central Districts, scoring 211 runs at an average of 16.23 with a highest score of 44, and took 25 wickets at an average of 43.48. He also played one match for Wellington in the 2000/01 season, but went wicketless in the match.
Ireland.
West was a member of Instonians in 2003 and in 2004 he moved to Bangor Cricket Club where he was the team's professional player for two seasons. He moved to Belfast after marrying a girl from Northern Ireland. As early as 2005, when he finished top of the Northern Cricket Union batting averages and was named Northern Ireland Player of the Year, there was speculation that West might play for Ireland. At the end of the 2005 season, West moved back to Instonians where he was a local player rather than a professional, stating "I enjoyed my two years at Bangor and made a lot of friends there, however, now that I am working full time an accountants' firm and living in Belfast it seemed a natural move to come back to Instonians". During his second stint with Instonians, West was occasionally suffered disciplinary problems, and on his departure from the club to join Civil Service North at the end of 2007, West said "I don't want to see another disciplinary committee room. I am sick of it and they are probably sick of me". On signing West, the Civil Service North captain said "In Regan, we have signed a quality batsman and a quality bowler – indeed he is two players in one".
At the end of the 2008 season, West qualified to play for Ireland through residency. It was his intention to play for Ireland, and although he was not certain of selection he worked in his fitness in the off-season in the hope of being picked. Soon after qualifying, he made his debut for the team 25 August 2008. The match, a One Day International against Kenya, was not only his maiden international match and his first for Ireland, but his list A debut. The match was abandoned due to the weather before Ireland had a chance to bowl. West made his first-class debut for Ireland on 3 October the same year; the match was against Namibia in the 2007–08 ICC Intercontinental Cup. West did not bowl until Namibia's second innings and then only bowled two overs as Ireland bowled Namibia out cheaply in each innings. He did not bowl in ODIs until his second ODI which was on 18 October 2008, again against Kenya. He took 2/35 from 10 overs and his maiden wicket was that of batsman Rakep Patel.
In April 2009, West took his first five-wicket haul in one-day matches during the ICC World Cup Qualifier. In a match against the Oman national cricket team on 2 April, West took 5/26 in Ireland's 116-run victory, beating his previous best bowling figures in one-day matches of 2/35. Ireland won the tournament and West finished with 14 wickets at an average of 22.92 from 10 matches and was Ireland's second highest wicket-taker in the tournament. His haul of 7/88 in the first innings of the 2009 Intercontinental Cup clash against Scotland at Mannonfield in Aberdeen, is a record for Ireland in the competition and the best first-class return since Garfield Harrison's 9/113 against the same opposition in Edinburgh in 1990. West was one of seven Ireland players to be nominated for the 2009 Associate and Affiliate Player of the Year (there were fourteen nominees in all), although he did not make the 4-man short-list. For the summer of 2010, West was unable to play due to injury, and in his absence George Dockrell emerged as Ireland's premier spinner. West announced his retirement from international cricket in April 2011. His decision was caused by a serious injury to his left should; it was believed that he risked damaging it. Reflecting on his time playing for Ireland, West said "Being part of the Ireland team has been the highlight and most enjoyable time of my cricket career. I feel very privileged to have had the opportunity to represent Ireland, and it is sad for me that that is now over."

</doc>
<doc id="20068843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068843" title="PantheROV">
PantheROV

PantheROV is the name of the remotely operated vehicle (ROV) built by undergraduate students at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee (UWM) for the annual MATE ROV Competition, essentially an underwater robotics competition. PantheROV is a conjugation of UWMs mascot, the panther, and ROV. The ROV Team at UWM is generously supported by the Great Lakes WATER Institute (GLWI) and various other sponsors. The team is open to all undergraduate students at UWM.
Many of the students on the ROV Team have worked concurrently at the GLWI and have provided large engineering contributions to the Great Lakes Urban Coastal Observing System (GLUCOS).
Incarnations.
PantheROV I (2005).
The inaugural PantheROV I competed at the fourth annual International ROV Competition held in the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory (NBL) at the Sonny Carter Training Facility
. PantheROV I was constructed out of PVC piping and fitting and the electronics were housed in a waterproof box.
PantheROV II (2006).
The PantheROV II competed at the fifth annual International ROV Competition held again in the NBL at the Sonny Carter Training Facility
. The PantheROV II was a complete redesign from the inaugural PantheROV; a tubular aluminum hull was manufactured for the electronics and controls and was fitted with an acrylic glass dome for the ROVs main vision system, a more hydrodynamic frame was again constructed out of PVC piping and fitting, and the entire design was made more modular.
PantheROV III (2007).
The PantheROV III competed at the sixth annual International ROV Competition held at Memorial University in St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada
. PantheROV III used the same hull and a lot of the electronics from II, however, the frame was constructed out of metal piping and fittings.
PantheROV IV (2008).
The PantheROV IV competed at the seventh annual International ROV Competition held at University of California-San Diego.
PantheROV V (2009).
The PantheROV V competed at the eighth annual International ROV Competition held at Massachusetts Maritime Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20068858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068858" title="Alpine skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics">
Alpine skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics consisted of 22 events, 12 for men and 10 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20068874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068874" title="Diving at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships">
Diving at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships

The diving competition at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships took place in Montreal, Canada from July 17 to July 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20068907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068907" title="Melville Bridge Club">
Melville Bridge Club

The Melville Bridge Club is a contract bridge club situated in the centre of Edinburgh. It was established in 1936 and with 300 members it is currently the largest bridge club in Edinburgh and one of the largest in Scotland.
The club has members ranging in all abilities from beginners to grand-masters. It is home to a significant number of Scotland's current and past internationalists. In the first World Mindsport Games in 2008 in Beijing all bar one of the open team and the majority of the ladies team came from the club.
The club hosts pairs and teams duplicate events and also rubber bridge. The club is also extensively used for matches and events organised by the Eastern District of the Scottish Bridge Union - the governing body for the game in Scotland. Various national events are also staged in the club.
Visitors are welcome to play at the club and details are on the web site.
The club first rented property at 44 Melville Street in the Edinburgh New Town, one of the grander streets in Edinburgh named after Viscount Melville. In 1950 the club moved to four storey Victorian Town House at 9 Grosvenor Crescent. 9 Grosvenor Crescent was built in 1868 firstly as a private house later becoming a maternity home during the Second World War and then part of the Edinburgh College of Domestic Science. 
During the excavations for the new building some Bronze Age swords were found some of which are now part of the collection in the National Museum of Scotland - see [http://www.rcahms.gov.uk/pls/portal/newcanmore.newcandig_details_gis?inumlink=52631 for details.
In the summer of 2013, the club again moved premises to its current location at 1 Pinkhill in Corstorphine. At the same time, the club attained the status of a charitable organization and began trading under the name New Melville Bridge Club Ltd. 
A bridge club of the same name exists in The City of Melville in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20068922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068922" title="1941 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1941 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

The 1941 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was a Formula Libre handicap race held at Costanera on 23 November 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20068931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068931" title="Down the Streets of My Old Neighborhood">
Down the Streets of My Old Neighborhood

Down the Streets of My Old Neighborhood is the an album by fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko, released in 1986. It is out of print.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Ostroushko unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20068934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068934" title="Kentucky Route 425">
Kentucky Route 425

Kentucky Route 425 (or Henderson Bypass) is the Southern Beltline around Henderson, Kentucky. It is a two-lane road that runs from US 60/KY 136 east to Pennyrile Parkway (future I-69) and intersects with US 41A, KY 1299, and US 41. It is a rural highway that is all at grade intersections. At the US 41A Junction, rumble strips are used to alert traffic to the intersections. 
Route description.
KY 425 begins at an intersection with US 60/KY 136 west of Henderson, heading southeast on the two-lane undivided Henderson Bypass. The road passes through farmland with some development and comes to a bridge over an abandoned railroad line. The route curves east and comes to an intersection with US 41 Alt. KY 425 passes through more agricultural areas to the south of Henderson and intersects KY 1299. The road comes to a bridge over a CSX railroad line and crosses US 41/KY 136. The route curves northeast and widens into a divided highway as it comes to its eastern terminus at an interchange with the Pennyrile Parkway (future I-69).
History.
The highway was built in the 1980s, and in the intervening years has undergone occasional repair and maintenance work. Sufficient right-of-way exists to expand the road to four lanes, but there are no firm plans to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20068939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068939" title="Pakha">
Pakha

Pakha is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2968 people living in 570 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068948" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 1980 Winter Paralympics consisted of 27 events, 17 for men and 10 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20068949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068949" title="Phoi Mahadev">
Phoi Mahadev

Phoi Mahadev is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2635 people living in 543 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068957" title="2003 Telecom Italia Masters">
2003 Telecom Italia Masters

The 2003 Internazionali BNL d'Italia was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 60th edition of the Rome Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2003 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Foro Italico in Rome in Italy. The men's tournament was played from May 5 through May 11, 2003 while the women's tournament was played from May 12 through May 18, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20068959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068959" title="2000 IBF World Junior Championships">
2000 IBF World Junior Championships

The 2000 IBF World Junior Championships was an international badminton tournament held in Guangzhou, China.
Team competition.
A total of 24 countries competed at the first team competition in BWF World Junior Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20068960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068960" title="Raku, Nepal">
Raku, Nepal

Raku is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2826 people living in 502 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20068974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068974" title="Ramanakot">
Ramanakot

Ramanakot is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2543 people living in 447 individual households.

</doc>
