<doc id="19792451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792451" title="SONIFI Solutions">
SONIFI Solutions

SONIFI Solutions, Inc. ("SONIFI") is an interactive content and connectivity solutions provider. The company serves approximately 1.3 million hotel rooms worldwide in addition to healthcare facilities throughout the United States with core services that include interactive television, broadband, connectivity, and advertising media solutions along with nationwide technical and professional support services. 
The company's corporate headquarters are in Santa Monica, CA and the primary operations center is in Sioux Falls, SD. The company also maintains offices in San Mateo, CA; Atlanta, GA; and New York, NY as well as offices in Canada and Mexico and a network of field service facilities serving the company’s customers throughout the United States and Canada. SONIFI's primary customer base is in the continental United States, however they also deliver services in Canada, Mexico and 15 other countries through relationships with local licensees.
History.
SONIFI Solutions was founded in 1980 as Satellite Movie Company. The company was renamed LodgeNet Entertainment Corporation in 1991 and became a publicly traded corporation in 1993. LodgeNet purchased The Hotel Networks, On Command, and Stay Online corporations in 2006 and 2007, and changed its name to LodgeNet Interactive Corporation in 2008.
On December 31, 2012 LodgeNet announced its intention to file for a prepackaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy as part of a recapitalization that would give control of the company to Colony Capital, a global investment firm with $38 billion in assets under management and a broad range of hospitality and media industry investments. The commencement of these proceedings was announced on January 28, 2013. During this period the company also announced that Colony had signed a memorandum of understanding with DIRECTV under which LodgeNet and DIRECTV will operate as strategic partners within the hospitality and healthcare markets. The agreement extends the parties' current free-to-guest programming agreement to include DIRECTV branding, programming and content, advertising and other operational support.
On March 28, 2013 Colony announced that it had completed the acquisition, concurrent with an approximately $70 million recapitalization of the company and a new $358 million long term credit facility. The investor syndicate led by Colony was issued new common stock representing 100% ownership of the company. This completed the company's emergence from Chapter 11. In the same announcement, hospitality industry veteran Mike Ribero was named the company's new CEO. Tom Storey is the President, Hospitality and Ed Kaufman is Chief Legal Officer, and Lourie Zak is the Chief Financial Officer completing the current executive management team.
The company officially became SONIFI Solutions on June 25, 2013 with an announcement at the HITEC trade show. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792452" title="William Spicer (cricketer)">
William Spicer (cricketer)

William Spicer (May 18, 1846 — September 22, 1892) was an English cricketer. He was a left-arm roundarm medium-pace bowler who played for Surrey. He was born in Kensington and died in Kennington.
Spicer made a single first-class appearance for the team during the 1870 season, against Yorkshire. Batting in the tailend, Spicer made 2 in the first innings and 14 in the second, and took second-innings bowling figures of 1-17.

</doc>
<doc id="19792488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792488" title="Barrett M98B">
Barrett M98B

The Barrett Model 98B (also known as the 98 Bravo) is a bolt-action sniper rifle chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum (8.6×70mm or 8.58×70mm) manufactured by Barrett Firearms Manufacturing. The M98B was officially announced in October 2008, and became available for sale in early 2009, with an MSRP of $4,495.00.
The M98B achieves sub-MOA shot groupings of at , at , and at .
Overview.
Barrett engineers began designing the M98B in 1997, with a goal of developing a precision tactical .338 Lapua rifle not based on any sporting rifles. The initial semi-auto design, the Model 98 was unveiled at the 1998 SHOT Show, but never went into full production. In recent years, Ronnie Barrett's son, Chris, revived the company's interest in the .338 rifle.
Many of the M98B's features are inspired by Stoner's AR-15/M16; the hinged aluminum upper and lower receivers, ergonomic pistol grip and thumb operated safety are all borrowed from Stoner's design. The upper receiver also features a full length () 1913 style Picatinny rail for mounting optics, lasers, etc., and two additional accessory rails are mounted forward of the main rail on each side of the upper.
The M98B also features a fluted medium-heavy barrel made of 4150 MIL-B-11595 steel. The barrel is rifled in a six groove, 1:10" right hand twist pattern, and features a two-port muzzle brake threaded on and indexed by a jam nut. The bolt rides in a new "bolt guide" design, consisting of two tubular glass-filled polymer guides which have been infused with Teflon. These guides allow the bolt to travel better, as well as reducing the need for lubrication, and helping to seal the ejection and bolt handle ports from dirt. The bolt head is made of case-hardened 8620 steel, features nine lugs (three sets of three), and is attached to the bolt body with a crosspin. This separate bolt head design allows for simple caliber changes, as well as future pre-headspaced barrel and bolt-head sets.
The lower receiver is forged from 7075 aluminum, can mount any type of AR-15/M-16 pistol grip, and features an ambidextrous magazine latch just forward of the integral trigger guard. Also featured within the lower receiver is the rifle's trigger assembly. The trigger assembly can be removed from the receiver as a single unit, and features adjustment screws for weight (2 to 4 lbs.) and overtravel, as well as a reversible AR-15/M-16 style thumb safety.
The skeletonized buttstock is also integral to the lower receiver, and features a thick Sorbothane buttpad with spacers for pull adjustment, a polymer cheekpiece with of variable comb height, and an adjustable monopod. The rifle also comes from the factory with a Harris brand S-BR bipod attached to the fore-end.
The M98B was featured both on the cover, and in an article, of the April 2009 issue of "American Rifleman" magazine.
MRAD.
Barrett's offering for USSOCOM Precision Sniper Rifle Contract, the MRAD is derived from the M98B; changes include cutting back the fixed stock and integrating a folding adjustable stock, a Desert Tan finish color, a front loading quick change barrel for caliber change although at this point the only offered barrel and caliber is a 24.5-inch fluted barrel with a 1 turn in 10 right hand twist chambered for .338 Lapua Magnum.
Safety recall.
On September 9, 2009, Barrett released a recall notice regarding the M98B. They determined that if the rifle is dropped or subjected to a significant impact, it could accidentally discharge. A modification to the lower receiver is required to ensure user safety.

</doc>
<doc id="19792500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792500" title="Wende (singer)">
Wende (singer)

Wende (full name: Wende Snijders, born Beckenham, Greater London, 10 October 1978) is a Dutch singer. Her first name "Wende" is commonly used as her artist name.
Biography.
Wende moved to Indonesia when she was four years old and to Guinea-Bissau when she was six. When she was nine, she came to The Netherlands, where she lived in Zeist. She graduated from vwo and went to the Academie voor Kleinkunst where she graduated in 2002. She specialized in singing French chansons.
In 2001 she won first prize and the audience award of the Concours de la Chanson, which was held in De Kleine Komedie in Amsterdam and organized by Alliance Française. Her first album "Quand tu dors" was released in 2005 and won an Edison Award in the category Easy Listening/Cabaret. She also won in 2005 the Zonta-Award (a prize for talented woman artists younger than 30) and the BAT prize (potential theatre talent). For the DVD "Au suivant" she received an Edison in 2006 in the category National Music DVD. The corresponding cd was nominated for an Edison in the category Listening song/Cabaret.
Her second album "La Fille Noyée" was released in 2006. Contrary to the previous album, this album did not contain merely French chansons, but also songs in Dutch. This album also won an Edison in 2007.
In 2007 she performed with Jenny Arean -among others- in the play "Het Verschil" (The Difference). There is a limited edition of this play on CD.
On March 22 she sang with the Hungarian artist Yonderboi for the Dutch queen during the celebration of 50 years of European collaboration. She also won the Gouden Notenkraker in 2007.
On August 25, 2007 her act at the annual Uitmarkt in Amsterdam was live on Dutch television. In the season 2007/08 she toured with her new show "Adem" (Breath), which she presented at the Oerol festival.
On November 7, 2007 she won another Edison, this time the Edison Jazz Award.
On April 27, 2008 Wende received the Annie M.G. Schmidt Prize for her theatre song "De Wereld Beweegt" (The World is Moving).
On September 16, 2008 she received a gold album for her second CD in the popular Dutch talkshow De Wereld Draait Door.

</doc>
<doc id="19792505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792505" title="Hagerup's Second Cabinet">
Hagerup's Second Cabinet

The Hagerup's Second Cabinet governed Norway between 22 October 1903 and 11 March 1905. It fell as the cabinet ministers collectively resigned on 28 February and 1 March 1905, as part of the build-up for the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905. Christian Michelsen withdrew his application, and could form the cabinet Michelsen. It had the following composition:
State Secretary.
Not to be confused with the modern title State Secretary. The old title State Secretary, used between 1814 and 1925, is now known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").
References.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19792509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792509" title="MS Birka Stockholm">
MS Birka Stockholm

MS "Birka Stockholm is a cruise ship owned by Birka Line, operated under their Birka Cruises brand. She was built in 2004 by Aker Finnyards at Rauma, Finland, and sailed as Birka Paradise" until 2013.
Concept and construction.
"Birka Paradise" was ordered by Birka Line from Aker Finnyards at Rauma, Finland on 20 November 2002. She was the first new ship ordered by Birka Line since "Birka Queen", ordered in the late 1980s but never delivered due to bankruptcy of the shipyard.
The interior and exterior of the "Birka Paradise" were jointly designed by Birka Line, Aker Finnyards and Deltamarin. Unlike most of Birka's previous vessels, the ship was designed from the beginning as a genuine cruise ship, without a car-deck. Following a naming competition which drew 3500 proposals, the ship was named "Birka Paradise" to reflect her Caribbean cruise ship -like design. The ship was designed with various environmentally friendly innovations; in addition to exhaust and closed sewage treatment systems already used on the company's "Birka Princess", the "Birka Paradise" was built to fulfill Det Norske Veritas' Clean Design rule relating to environmentally friendly structural solutions. Her hull form was optimised for smallest possible impact on the sensitive archipelago routes she sails on.
The keel of the "Birka Paradise" was laid on 19 October 2003 and she was launched on 15 April 2004. Following her sea trials, completed on 19 August 2004 and 14 October 2004, the ship was delivered to Birka Line on 8 November 2004. The then sailed via her port of registry Mariehamn to Stockholm, where she was officially named on 10 November 2004 by Arja Saijonmaa.
Service history.
The "Birka Paradise" entered service on 11 November 2004 on a 22-hour cruise from Stockholm to Mariehamn, which has been her main route in Birka service. During Christmas 2004 she made a longer cruise from Stockkholm, calling at Tallinn, Helsinki and Mariehamn. From 2006 onwards she has made various longer cruises from Stockholm around the Baltic Sea during the northern hemisphere summer season.
In January 2009 Rederi Ab Eckerö, the owners of Birka Cruises, made public their plans to re-register "Birka Paradise" to Sweden "as soon as possible" in order to allow the sale of snuff on board. According to European Union legislation snuff may not be sold within the EU except in Sweden and on board ships registered in Sweden. Until November 2007 the province of Åland in Finland allowed the sale of snuff on board ships registered in the province, but was forced to discontinue the practice when threatened by legal action by the EU. The outlawing of snuff sales caused the loss of approximately 1 million € per year for Birka Cruises, finally resulting in the decision to re-flag the "Birka Paradise". The reflagging took place on 3 June 2009.
In January 2013 the ship was renamed "Birka Stockholm" and given a new livery. The stripes on the hull and funnel were changed from blue, yellow and red to just blue and yellow. Also, "Birka Cruises"-signs were placed on the funnel. According to the CEO, the company wanted to make a "change of profile" to a more Northern European theme. However, the company refers to the ship only as "Birka", dropping the port of registry (Stockholm, Sweden) which is part of the official name of the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="19792523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792523" title="J.C. King">
J.C. King

J. C. King Joseph Caldwell King (1900–1977) was the Chief of the Western Hemisphere Division of the CIA in the 1950s and 1960s. He was also known by his CIA code name of Oliver G. Galbond and as Colonel J.C. King.
Career.
King graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1923. King then became a vice-president at Johnson and Johnson in charge of Brazil and Argentina. After this, he joined Nelson Rockefeller's Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs (CIAA), also known as the Rockefeller Office. He was stationed in Argentina from 1941 to 1945, where he was engaged in feeding deceptive information to Japanese agents (see Thaddeus Holt,The Deceivers), and Guatemala from 1952 to 1953. King is believed to have advocated assassination of Che Guevara and Fidel and Raul Castro as early as December 11, 1959. He is also believed to be the CIA point man of the overthrow of João Goulart, President of Brazil, in 1964. King officially retired from the CIA in 1967, but soon came back as a CIA consultant. He was CEO of the Amazon Natural Drug Company, known as a front for the CIA. King's health was deteriorating at that time due to a combination of his age and Parkinson's disease and he died in January 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19792525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792525" title="Sandrine Brétigny">
Sandrine Brétigny

Sandrine Brétigny (born 2 July 1984 in Le Creusot) is a French footballer who currently plays for German club FCF Juvisy in the Division 1 Féminine. She plays as a striker and is known for her goalscoring output.
Career.
Brétigny began her career with FC Lyon and remained with the club during it transformation to Olympique Lyonnais. Despite having solid seasons with Lyon previously, including leading the league in goals scored in 2003, it wasn't until the 2006–07 season where she gained recognition for being a feared striker when she scored 48 goals in 25 matches helping the club win their first title under the Olympique Lyonnais emblem. The following season, she would again impress scoring five goals in one match against Toulouse Ladies (the final result was 10–0). She would proceed to accomplish this feat again on 9 November 2008 in a match against FCF Hénin-Beaumont, though the final result was lowered to a 8–0 victory.
In July 2012, after over a decade with Lyon, Brétigny joined German club 1. FFC Frankfurt. She was the only player to remain from the squad of FC Lyon when, in 2003, the club was transformed to Olympique Lyonnais.
International career.
Despite having some individual success earlier in her career, Brétigny made her international debut for "the Bleues" on 22 November 2006 in a match against Belgium. She currently has nine goals from 20 caps.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 3 September 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19792551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792551" title="Moran's Oyster Cottage">
Moran's Oyster Cottage

Moran's Oyster Cottage is a seafood restaurant and pub located at The Weir, Kilcolgan, in County Galway, Ireland, close to the village of Clarenbridge, and ten miles south of Galway City. 
It has hosted presidents, prime ministers and film stars, as well as tourists and locals, due to the quality of its seafood, particularly oysters and smoked salmon, combined with its tranquil setting by the weir.
History and location.
Located on an inlet of Galway Bay, the traditional thatched cottage with a peat fire in the hearth has been owned by the Moran family for seven generations.
Daniel Moran, who arrived in the area in the 1760s, obtained a liquor license and began his business which has continued for six generations. His wife's family, who owned the Weir, may have been serving food and drink even prior to that.
In the 1800s, when Kilcolgan was a busy port, the cottage did a thriving business. In modern times, it has hosted many notables and celebrities, including Julia Roberts, Pierce Brosnan, Roger Moore, Woody Allen and the Emperor and Empress of Japan.
It has also produced international and world champions in oyster shucking competitions: Vincent Graham, Willie Moran, Gerry Grealish and Michael Moran.
Nobel laureate Seamus Heaney's poem, "Oysters", was inspired by a memorable meal at Moran's. 
Today the cottage is one of the oldest and most famous pubs in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19792553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792553" title="Gus-class LCAC">
Gus-class LCAC

The Gus-class LCAC was a medium sized assault hovercraft operated by the Soviet Navy from 1969 until the early 1990s.
Configuration.
The Gus class was a military version of the Soviet Skate class 50 passenger hovercraft, and was designed to transport infantry and light equipment. Between 1969 and 1974, 32 Gus class assault hovercraft were constructed. They were deployed to all Soviet naval fleets except the Northern Fleet, and were used extensively along the Amur River border with China. Three Gus class LCAC could be carried by the . They were replaced by the larger Tsaplya-class and and more recently the smaller . All Gus class hovercraft were believed scrapped in the early 1990s.
Capacity.
The Gus class was capable of carrying up to 25 assault troops and their equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19792572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792572" title="Utrecht Overvecht railway station">
Utrecht Overvecht railway station

Utrecht Overvecht is a suburb railway station located in Utrecht, the Netherlands. The station opened in 1968 and is on the Utrecht–Kampen railway. The station has had 3 platforms since 1992. It also has a kids' slide to the outside street for use by the busy passengers.
Train services.
The following services call at Utrecht Overvecht:

</doc>
<doc id="19792614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792614" title="Frank Rosso">
Frank Rosso

Francis James Rosso (March 1, 1921 – January 26, 1980) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched in two games for the New York Giants in . He played in the minor leagues between and , and after his playing career was a high school coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19792655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792655" title="Belleville Cemetery">
Belleville Cemetery

Belleville Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Canadian city of Belleville, Ontario, incorporated in 1872. It is most notable for being the burial place of Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie Bowell and author Susanna Moodie. The cemetery covers and is located along the north shore of the Bay of Quinte.
About Belleville Cemetery
The Belleville Cemetery Company was organized in 1872. Previous to this, burials were made in the city church yards but it became evident that more room would be required and preferably, out of town. Interested citizens therefore banded together and purchased 65 acres of land in what was then The Township of Sidney and fronting on the Trent Road, now designated as Dundas Street West within the limits of the City of Belleville. These pioneers purchased from one to as many as six lots, each lot containing six or eight graves. Each lot owner became a shareholder. The only shareholders then, as now, being the lot owners. The Company is owned by the lot owners and is administered by a Board of Directors composed of up to nine lot owners elected for three year terms at the annual meeting of the lot owners, three to be elected each year.
The Belleville Cemetery Company, a not-for-profit corporation and is dedicated to the provision and maintenance of burial locations for the citizens of Belleville and the surrounding area in a serene, park like setting. The Cemetery is operated solely for the benefit of the public. All money received is employed or reserved solely for the administration and maintenance of the Cemetery, and for the development of additional burial spaces and facilities to meet the ongoing requirements of Belleville and the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="19792658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792658" title="Whatcom Museum of History and Art">
Whatcom Museum of History and Art

The Whatcom Museum (housed in the Old City Hall, Lightcatcher building and Syre Education Center) was originally built in 1892 as the city hall for the former town of New Whatcom, before it was joined with surrounding towns to form Bellingham, Washington. The building was designed in a Late Victorian style by Alfred Lee, a local architect, who used red brick and Chuckanut Sandstone for its construction. The design itself was an almost exact replica of the second Saginaw County Courthouse in Saginaw, Michigan (1884, Destroyed 1971), Designed by Fred W. Hollister.
At the time of construction, the building was situated on a bluff above Bellingham Bay. However, over the years, significant amounts of the waterfront were filled in to make more land. Currently, the building sits above Maritime Heritage Park.
The building served as city hall until 1936, and became part of the museum in 1941. In 1962, the fire damaged the building, but efforts from the community raised money to restore the building.
In 2009, The Whatcom Museum opened a location in the newly designed Lightcatcher building. The Lightcatcher, designed by Seattle-based Olson Kundig Architects, is named for its 37 feet high and 180 feet long translucent wall, which facilitates a number of energy saving strategies.
Currently, the Whatcom Museum is a three building campus that includes Old City Hall, Syre Education Center and Lightcatcher which encloses the Family Interactive Gallery (FIG).

</doc>
<doc id="19792664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792664" title="Berndt Katter">
Berndt Katter

Berndt Leopold Katter (born 15 October 1932) is a Finnish former modern pentathlete and Olympic medalist. He thrived at the national level in water-polo (national gold), swimming and fencing.
Civilian life.
Besides his sport career, Katter worked in SOK, the Turku Lamp, OPA Ltd, Humppila Glass and Sylvi Salonen Oy's service.
Katter has three children: musician Thomas Katter, Niclas v. Bonsdorff, and Christofer v. Bonsdorff. He is married with textile-artist Riitta Suomi. They live in Turku.

</doc>
<doc id="19792699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792699" title="Wolfstein">
Wolfstein

Wolfstein may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19792760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792760" title="Belene Municipality">
Belene Municipality

Belene Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, northern Bulgaria. It is located along the south bank of Danube river, by the border with Romania. The administrative centre of the area is the homonymous town of Belene.
The municipality embraces a territory of 285 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 10,908 inhabitants.
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792771" title="Himmelblå">
Himmelblå

Himmelblå (in English: Skyblue) is a Norwegian drama series which aired on NRK1 in Norway, on SVT in Sweden and on RÚV in Iceland. It is based on the British TV drama "Two Thousand Acres of Sky" written by Timothy Prager and produced by Adrian Bate.
Synopsis.
The drama is about a small community on an island, Ylvingen, in the northern parts of Norway.
The school on the island has very few pupils and is about to be closed down unless they can find two more pupils. The future of the island is uncertain. The people who live on the island issues an ad in a national newspaper: they seek a family with two children old enough to join the school, and promise a job in the tourism-industry if the family chose to live there.
<br>In Oslo, single mother Marit (Line Verndal) is working late nights as a chef and feels that she doesn't see her children. Her best friend Kim (Edward Schultheiss) helps her out looking after her children, Robin and Iris, while she's at work. Kim shows Marit the ad, and she sees an opportunity to start fresh and run her own bed-and-breakfast facility on the island. Because they were seeking a family to the island, Kim poses as Marit's 'husband' and after an interview they are offered to stay on the island. The transition from an urban life to a life on an island far away from everything else is challenging for the family. But it's also a big change for the islanders.
Popularity.
The first two seasons were filmed back-to-back in 168 days in 2007-08, and premiered on September 7, 2008. The drama became an instant hit and has averaged more than 1 million viewers, which amounts to a quarter of Norway's total population. A few months later it returned for a second season, of which the finale was viewed by 1 309 000 viewers, making it the most seen drama series in Norwegian television history. The third and final season finished filming in September 2009, and began airing on March 7, 2010. The last episode aired April 25, 2010.
Releases.
The first season was released on DVD shortly after airing. After the second series had finished, a second season set was released along with a box set with both seasons. In addition to the DVD releases, the episodes can be viewed free of charge on the channels web site.

</doc>
<doc id="19792784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792784" title="Bryant Dunston">
Bryant Dunston

Bryant Kevin Dunston Jr. (born May 28, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek League. He is a 6'8" 252 lb. power forward-center.
Early life.
Dunston was born in southern Kentucky, and grew up in LeFrak City, Queens. He is a graduate of St. John's Preparatory High School. He is the nephew of former professional baseball player Shawon Dunston, a former No. 1 pick in the MLB.
College career.
Dunston attended Fordham University, where he played college basketball with the Fordham Rams. He finished his collegiate career by being named to the First Team All-Metropolitan, Second Team All-Atlantic 10 Conference, and Atlantic 10 Conference All-Defensive Team.
In his college career, Dunston appeared in all 120 of Fordham's games, starting in 118 of them. He finished his college career in second place on Fordham's all-time scoring list, with 1,832 career points, in third place on Fordham's all-time rebounds list, with 993 career rebounds, and as Fordham's career blocked shots leader, graduating with 294 career rejections.
Professional career.
Dunston played with Mobis Phoebus in the Korean Basketball League. In 2010, he signed with the Greek League club Aris, but left the team in February 2011. After leaving Aris, he signed with the Israeli League club Bnei HaSharon. Following the 2010-11 season, Dunston joined the Israeli League club Hapoel Holon.
Reports said that Dunston was on the verge of signing a guaranteed contract with the NBA's Brooklyn Nets in the summer 2012. However, he joined the Italian League club Pallacanestro Varese instead. On July 9, 2013, Dunston signed with Olympiacos.

</doc>
<doc id="19792819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792819" title="Billy Kidd (footballer)">
Billy Kidd (footballer)

Billy Kidd (31 January 1908 - 1978) is a former professional footballer who played for Chesterfield F.C. for the whole of his professional career. He was born in Pegswood.

</doc>
<doc id="19792820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792820" title="Tecumseh, Nebraska">
Tecumseh, Nebraska

Tecumseh is a city in and the county seat of Johnson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,677 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Tecumseh is located at (40.370061, -96.191639).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,677 people, 722 households, and 447 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 887 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 82.5% White, 0.4% African American, 0.1% Native American, 3.2% Asian, 12.9% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.2% of the population.
There were 722 households of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.86.
The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,716 people, 729 households, and 446 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,159.5 people per square mile (447.7/km²). There were 854 housing units at an average density of 577.0 per square mile (222.8/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 86.36% White, 0.06% African American, 0.58% Native American, 5.59% Asian, 5.07% from other races, and 2.33% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.53% of the population.
There were 729 households out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the city the population was spread out with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $31,844, and the median income for a family was $42,337. Males had a median income of $27,228 versus $19,896 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,194. About 8.4% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.
History.
Tecumseh was established in 1856 with the name of Frances. A history posted on the city's Web site states that Frances was the wife of Col. Richard M Johnson, for whom Johnson County was named, although Johnson was never married. Shortly after being founded, the name was changed to Tecumseh to honor the Native American chief said to have been killed by Johnson during the Battle of the Thames. The Nebraska Territorial Legislature established Tecumseh as the county seat on February 13, 1857.
The town was used largely for the setting of the mini-series "Amerika", which depicted life in a small American town after a successful takeover by the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19792833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792833" title="Ray McCauley">
Ray McCauley

Ray McCauley (born Raynor McCauley) is a prominent South African religious leader, Senior Pastor of Rhema Bible Church, President of the International Federation of Christian Churches (IFCC), co-chair of the National Interfaith Council of South Africa (NICSA), author and former champion bodybuilder.
Early life.
McCauley was born in Johannesburg on 1 October 1949. He took a keen interest in bodybuilding, is a former Mr South Africa and took part in the Mr Universe bodybuilding championships in London in 1974 where he finished in third place. He was also a nightclub bouncer for a time.
Ministry.
McCauley attended bible college with his first wife Lyndie at Rhema Bible Training Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma during 1978/9. On their return to South Africa the McCauleys started Rhema Bible Church under Rhema Ministries SA in the home of his parents, Jimmy and Doreen, which 13 people attended. Membership grew and the church moved into the former Constantia Cinema in Rosebank, Johannesburg. Under the leadership of Ray and Lyndie McCauley, the church outgrew its premises and moved to a warehouse in Jan Smuts Avenue in Randburg before moving to its current premises. In 1985 the church moved into the newly constructed 5,000 seater auditorium in Randburg, Johannesburg. The new church was dedicated on 16 June 1985 by Dr Kenneth E Hagin, the late founder of Rhema Ministries in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The auditorium was later upgraded to more than 7,500 seats to accommodate the growth of the church. Today the church has a 45,000 strong congregation, which is the single largest church congregation in southern Africa.
Towards the end of the apartheid era, McCauley and his associates were involved in numerous critical events that helped with the peaceful transition to a democratic nation in 1994. During this time he interacted with leading churchmen like Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu and Reverend Frank Chikane.
McCauley is a well-known speaker at church events around the world.
Controversy.
McCauley has been a controversial figure in South Africa.
Rhema Ministries has been accused of being a proponent of the prosperity gospel.
McCauley has led a controversial lifestyle, with many alleging that he leads a millionaire's lifestyle. McCauley has defended himself on numerous occasions with the argument that he only earns the salary of a chief executive of a medium-sized company.
The location and construction of the church at the corner of Rabie and Hans Schoeman streets in Randpark Ridge also caused controversy with vehement objections from local residents.
McCauley's greatest controversy came with the divorce from his first wife Lyndie in 2000. According to the ministry, Lyndie McCauley instituted divorce proceedings for which the ministry believed she had no biblical grounds. The divorce caused a large portion of the then congregation to depart from the church. Shortly after the divorce, McCauley became romantically involved with a two-time divorcee, Zelda Ireland, whom he married in July 2001. In January 2010, Rhema Bible Church announced that McCauley and Ireland had separated and that divorce proceedings had been instituted by Ireland. After being divorced for over 2 years, McCauley and Ireland remarried in November, 2013 at a ceremony described as "very modest and low-key" in Muldersdrift outside Johannesburg.
In 2009 McCauley caused waves politically when he invited the then unelected President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, to speak at a Sunday morning meeting. This led to accusations of political bias. When Zuma took office in 2009, McCauley formed a new interfaith organization called the National Interfaith Leadership Council (NILC) which subsequently merged with the National Religious Leaders Forum (NRLF) to form the National Interfaith Council of South Africa (NICSA) in 2011. McCauley and the interfaith organizations he represents have publicly defended Zuma and the ANC government on several highly controversial matters.
McCauley has also been a strong opponent of gay rights.
Books and television.
McCauley has authored several books including "Our God Is An Awesome God" (1993), "Walk In Faith" (1998), "Making Your World Different" (2000), "The Secret Place" (2003), "Expect More" (2005), "Bottom Line" (2005), "Choose This Day" (2007), "Live Long, Die Young" (2008), "Power & Passion", "Holy Ghost Fire" and "Purpose Powered People". His biography, "Destined To Win" (1986), was written by Ron Steele.
Rhema Television (RTV) broadcasts "A New Day with Pastor Ray" featuring teachings by McCauley.

</doc>
<doc id="19792835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792835" title="Pordim Municipality">
Pordim Municipality

Pordim Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Pordim.
The municipality embraces a territory of 255 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 7,114 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold):
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792866" title="Pleven Municipality">
Pleven Municipality

Pleven Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the city of Pleven which is also the capital of the Province. 
The municipality embraces a territory of 812.10 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 138,095 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792875" title="Nikopol Municipality">
Nikopol Municipality

Nikopol Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in the northern part of Pleven Province, in northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Nikopol. The municipality embraces a territory of with a population, as of December 2009, of 10,602 inhabitants.
Its northern border is by the Danube River, bordering with Turnu Măgurele municipality of Romania. The municipality also borders with Belene Municipality on the East, Livski and Pordim municipalities on the South, Pleven municipality on the Southwest and Gulyantsi Municipality on the West. 
Besides the Danube, which defines the hydrography of the area, the Osam river and some minor rivers flow within the municipality.
There are plans to develop common cultural tourism program that encompass the Nikopol and Turnu Măgurele municipalities. Unlike Turnu Măgurele, Nikopol municipality has poorly developed tourism infrastructure.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792885" title="Zift">
Zift

Zift (, ""Dzift"") is 2008 black-and-white Bulgarian film that combines neo-noir and black comedy with socialist retro motifs; it is based on Vladislav Todorov's 2006 eponymous novel who also wrote the script. "Zift" was directed by Javor Gardev and premiered on 27 June 2008 at the 30th Moscow International Film Festival, where it won a Silver George for Best Director and the Best Film Prize of the Russian Film Clubs Federation.
The film stars Zachary Baharov as Moth, the main character who organizes a robbery out of love and money and is imprisoned before the 9 September coup d'état for a murder he did not commit. Moth is released from jail in the 1960s to meet the new and unfamiliar reality of socialist Sofia. "Zift"'s name is derived from the Arabic loanword "zift" or "dzift", meaning "asphalt" "bitumen" or "black pitch", once a popular chewing substance among the gangs in Sofia asphalt jungle; the word is also claimed to be urban slang for shit.
Plot.
"Zift"'s plot unfolds non-linearly: although the main story after Moth's release from prison is told chronologically, the events leading to his imprisonment are revealed by means of numerous relatively long and not necessarily chronological flashbacks. The story is presented chronologically here.
Moth is an ordinary guy from Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. At school, he falls in love with the beautiful Ada (Tanya Ilieva), later nicknamed "Mantis". Out of a desire for money, he agrees to work for a shady neighbour known as Slug (Vladimir Penev). The two plot the theft of a black diamond from the white émigré jeweller Vlad the Bijou's house. The robbery ends in failure as Moth is wounded by The Bijou and captured by the police; Slug manages to escape and is never charged. There is no trace of the diamond, and as Vlad is killed by Slug during the robbery, the police never get to know of its existence.
In the Sofia prison, Moth, besides working out to patriotic Soviet music, also befriends his older roommate Van Wurst the Eye (Mihail Mutafov), so nicknamed because he has been wearing an ocular prosthesis after losing one of his eyes during a robbery in Barcelona. Besides being an avid boxer and arm wrestler, Van Wurst also has his philosophical views on life, such as a theory about the destructive power of women, which he shares with Moth. Shortly before being released, Van Wurst hangs himself, claiming "there is no hope outside". While in prison, Moth is informed by Ada that his son Leonid was born and died of lockjaw while still very young.
As Moth is released from prison afterwards, he picks up his civil clothes and his year-old ball of chewing bitumen from the cloakroom and does not miss the chance to swear at an obnoxious guard, who headbutts him to unconsciousness. Outside, Moth is picked by a warrant officer and a younger soldier who drive him in a Chaika to the Baths. In the damp basement of the Baths, he is interrogated and tortured by Slug, now a locally influential member of the communist "nomenklatura", who believes Moth knows the location of the black diamond. Moth denies and even doubts the diamond ever existed; he later manages to escape, but not before he consumes iridium-poisoned wine offered to him by Slug.
Wandering drunk and intoxicated around Sofia and seeking his old girlfriend Ada, Moth gets to witness the new socialist reality he had only heard about on the prison radio: the look of the city has changed with The Largo and the Georgi Dimitrov Mausoleum, but the nature of the people has remained essentially the same. The protagonist meets a variety of bizarre characters, such as drug-doing medics, weird patients and local drunks. He ends up in the Saint Nicholas Church, where he meets the priest who had baptized him (Đoko Rosić); the priest points him to Ada's current whereabouts as a performer in a nightclub under the stage name Gilda (a reference to "Gilda", as Ada also performs a Bulgarian-language version of "Put the Blame on Mame").
Moth finds Ada, who is now living with Slug, and has sex with her. He later reveals to Ada that he is aware of the diamond's location: in Vlad the Bijou's coffin. The two go to the graveyard, where Moth first insists to visit the grave of his son. However, he realizes that it is another Leonid's grave (his mother had been buried in the same grave very recently) and that he never actually had a son. At the same time he notices Slug standing behind him with Ada, who had apparently betrayed him. The three head to The Bijou's grave; while digging, Moth kills Slug with his pickaxe, but is fatally wounded and stunned by Ada a moment later.
Moth wakes up in the gravediggers' shed. Realizing his impending death, he asks for his bitumen in order not to die with a foul breath. Tearing the bitumen apart, Moth reveals the black diamond had been stashed within it for all those years. He swallows the diamond and dies.
Awards.
2008 - Moscow International Film Festival
2008 - Toronto International Film Festival
2008 - Bulgarian Feature Film Festival Golden Rose
2009 - Sofia International Film Festival
2009 - Vilnius International Film Festival “Cinema Spring”
Broadcasts.
In May 2009, the film's producers announced HBO had bought the broadcast rights for the film. The film was the first Bulgarian film to be broadcast on HBO.

</doc>
<doc id="19792886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792886" title="Intervention (How I Met Your Mother)">
Intervention (How I Met Your Mother)

"Intervention" is the fourth episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 68th overall. It originally aired on October 13, 2008.
Plot.
The episode begins with Barney in old man makeup telling a woman that "young Barney Stinson" cannot solve global warming unless she sleeps with him. He then comes back a moment later and hooks up with the woman. Soon after, the gang is packing their things for Lily and Marshall's move to the new apartment and Ted's move to New Jersey. Robin states that she does not understand all the gang's sentimentality about their stuff, saying she packed for Japan in just half an hour the other day. Ted and Marshall end up arguing about who should pay the security deposit for the apartment.
Marshall says that Ted should pay it, citing a piece of missing plaster in the wall (it fell off when Ted put his shelf of World Book encyclopedias on it) and a chip in the ceiling (made when Ted recklessly swung his Renaissance flail). He also counts a piece of damage which he blames on Robin: Robin was very drunk and acting extremely Canadian, speaking with a heavy accent and reenacting great Vancouver Canucks moments in full costume with stick and puck. She tried to make a play through the door, but Lily stopped her and they got into a fight. Ted broke up the fight just as Barney was about to record it on his phone; he was extremely angry because the Bro Code states to never break up a girlfight. As a result, he punched a hole in the wall.
They then get to a scorch mark over the fireplace. Future Ted first has to explain the story of their friend, Stuart, last seen in Bachelor Party: He has since become an alcoholic (presumably as a result of his difficulties with his wife Claudia), and his friends held an intervention for him (which Barney ruined by bringing in a bottle of Tanqueray as he thought it was Stuart's birthday). After this, frequent interventions began to take place at the apartment, such as the intervention for Marshall's Seussian hat, Lily's terrible English accent acquired from watching all the James Bond movies, Robin's tanning addiction, and Barney's excessive use of pyrotechnic magic tricks. The last caused the "INTERVENTION" banner to become scorched as well as the fireplace. Soon afterward, there was an "intervention intervention", which consisted of Ted saying "We're having too many interventions."
Ted finds in a box a new, unscorched "INTERVENTION" banner; he asks the others why it is there. After a little hedging, they admit they were planning an intervention for his engagement to Stella. Ted demands that they hold it and asks them to read their letters: Lily mixed hers up with a student's, Robin did not write one because of potential biases as his ex-girlfriend, and Barney accidentally sets his on fire. Marshall then reads his letter, which feared that Ted and Stella were rushing into things and did not know each other well enough. He says that he doesn't feel that way anymore and that Stella is "awesome".
After this, Ted ends up getting caught up in a bout of nostalgia and says he'll never leave the apartment. Marshall and Lily at first oppose him but then quickly jump onto the bandwagon. Robin tries to stop them and then repudiates moving to Japan. They then enthusiastically go down to McLaren's to order the usual.
At McLaren's, Barney is trying to attract young women while in old man makeup to prove to Marshall that he will still be hooking up with 22-year-old women when he is 80. Seeing this, Ted realizes that they can't live their lives like this forever and convinces the gang they need to follow through on their moves. Ted says that he will pay the security deposit because each of those damages represents a precious memory, and they all decide to move to the places they will move to. They then kick a couple out of their usual booth and swear to each set aside ten dollars a week and, this time next year, have a $2500 bottle of scotch (which they tried to buy earlier in the episode). The show then flashes forward to that time in 2009, where they drink the scotch and decide it is no different from $10 scotch. Future Ted notes that in that year, while some things did change, some things remained the same... as the gang take the scotch to continue the get-together at the apartment.
At the end, Barney enters the apartment in his old man makeup to see the group with letters and the "INTERVENTION" banner up. They tell him to stop doing the old man thing, at which Barney pretends he is hard of hearing.
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of The AV Club rated the episode A.
Michelle Zoromski of IGN gave the episode 9 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19792887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792887" title="Levski Municipality">
Levski Municipality

Levski municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Levski.
The municipality embraces a territory of 414 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 21,487 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792893" title="Knezha Municipality">
Knezha Municipality

Knezha Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Knezha. 
The municipality embraces a territory of 317.83 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 14,839 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792897" title="Iskar Municipality">
Iskar Municipality

Iskar Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Iskar.
The municipality embraces a territory of 239 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 7,717 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792906" title="Dolna Mitropoliya Municipality">
Dolna Mitropoliya Municipality

Dolna Mitropoliya Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It embraces a territory of 674.81 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 21,304 inhabitants. The administrative centre of the area is the homonymous town of Dolna Mitropoliya.
The northern boundary of the municipality is the Danube River, and the 10,926 hectare Natura 2000 Reka Vit Special Protection Area for preservation of avian habitat is located there. 
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. Since 1992 Dolna Mitropoliya Municipality has comprised the former municipality of Podem and the numbers in the table reflect this unification.

</doc>
<doc id="19792913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792913" title="Aist-class LCAC">
Aist-class LCAC

The Aist class ("Project 12321 Dzheyran") was the first large assault hovercraft operated by the Soviet Navy.
Designed by a design bureau wing of Almaz shipbuilding company in 1964-1965. Production lasted from 1970 until 1985 at Almaz plant at Leningrad.
Configuration.
The Aist class was built to roughly the same size as the British SR.N4 commercial channel ferry. The Russian name for this class is "maly desantny korabl na vozdushnoy podushke" meaning "small landing craft on air cushion". The Aist class prototype was built in 1970 and the type entered production in Leningrad in 1975. It was produced there at a rate of about six every four years. By the early 1990s twenty to twenty four had been produced. They began to be withdrawn following the fall of the Soviet Union, and by 2004 only six remained, in two levels of configuration. A modified main engine intake was installed on all Russian Navy Aists in service with the Baltic Sea fleet. These intakes are believed to include special filters to reduce the ingestion of salt water, sand and dust particles into Aist's engines and machinery, limiting the effects of salt water corrosion. The Aist have suffered from high cushion pressure, and produce exceptionally heavy cushion spray, especially at low speeds.
Operations.
Three modified Aists (700 series) are based in the Baltic Sea, the other three are in the Caspian. 609 participated in the Caspian Sea exercise in 2002. The earlier engines have been upgraded to allow an increase in displacement to 298 tons, up from the type's original 260 tons, but at a loss of roughly half the type's original range. Some units carry two SA-N-5 quadruple SAM systems and chaff launchers.
Variations.
In addition to the Baltic Sea upgrades several variants have been built and differ externally in fin height, overall length, superstructure details and defensive armament.
In an effort to reduce accidents an Aist combat mission simulator was produced by the former Soviet Navy to improve the ability of Aist commanders to operate the craft on the sea and beaches.
Capacity.
The Aist was upgraded during the 1990s to carry 80 tons of cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19792916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792916" title="Indochina Migration and Refugee Assistance Act">
Indochina Migration and Refugee Assistance Act

The Indochina Migration and Refugee Assistance Act, passed on May 23, 1975, under President Gerald Ford, was a response to the Fall of Saigon and the end of the Vietnam War. Under this act, approximately 130,000 refugees from South Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia were allowed to enter the United States under a special status, and the act allotted for special relocation aid and financial assistance 
Historical Context.
The end of the Vietnam War left millions of Southeast Asians displaced. In South Vietnam alone, the war had created over 6 million refugees from 1965 to 1971. Preceding May 1975, the United States policy for Southeast Asian refugee had been to assist by resettling them in safer areas of their home nations. As the war began to come to a close in early 1975, the State Department prepared an evacuation plan for U.S. forces as well as 18,000 Vietnamese refugees, but it quickly became apparent that this evacuation plan did not meet the incredible need of the refugees. When the South Vietnam government rapidly deteriorated in April 1975, President Ford authorized an evacuation of up to 200,000 refugees.
Enactment and Provisions.
The Indochina Migration and Refugee Act was signed on May 23, 1975, and allocated funding of $305 million for the Department of State and $100 million for the Department of Health, Education and Welfare for the resettlement of Vietnamese and Cambodian refugees in the United States. This act financed the transportation, processing, reception, and resettlement costs of more than 130,000 Vietnamese who had been evacuated from Vietnam during Operation Frequent Wind and who were granted parole by the Attorney General to enter the United States. 
Most of the refugees were initially transported to Guam for processing (See Operation New Life) and then transported onward to temporary immigration centers set up at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Camp Pendleton, California; Fort Chaffee, Arkansas; and Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania. Although each refugee underwent a security check and could theoretically be denied admittance if he or she “violated a social norm, had a criminal record, or had offenses that were political in nature.” However, involuntary repatriation to Vietnam was not an option. A team effort of dozens of immigration agencies aided in the resettlement process, including the United States Catholic Conference, Church World Service, International Rescue Committee, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services, the Tolstoy Foundation, the American Council for Nationalities Service, the American Fund for Czechoslovak Refugees, the Travelers Aid International Social Service of America, as well as several state and city service centers. In 1975, almost 130,000 refugees were paroled through this system, which finished its initial operations at Fort Chaffee in December of that same year. While the first year of the Act had come to a close, it opened the doors for years of mass refugee acceptance.
Opposition.
Although many politicians thought it appropriate and necessary for the United States to provide a safe haven for those denied their human rights, some questioned the fairness of the Indochina Migration and Refugee Act for several reasons. Some, mostly conservative Republicans, argued that the refugees would never be able to assimilate to American culture and would detract from the value system already in place. Other legislators, like Representative Frank Sensenbrenner, were concerned with the price tag of committing so many immigrants, (roughly $1 billion per year) especially in a time of rising unemployment. While many refugees were receiving financial assistance, economic success did not come easily and this usurpation of federal funding became an issue that not only lawmakers were paying attention too, but also the American public. Another group of opponents focused on the growing need of poor Americans. Representative John Conyers asked, "Should we be spending (federal dollars) on Vietnamese refugees or should we spend them on Detroit 'refugees?'" A last group of opponents believed that presidents Ford and Carter were taking advantage of the parole system to allow mass amounts of people into the nation. In their eyes, the parole system should have been only used for people with specific cases, and certainly not for the processing of huge groups.
Support.
Senator Edward Kennedy and Representative Liz Holtzman were the leaders of the refugee advocacy community, and the first supporters of the 1975 Act. They were backed by labor groups like the AFL-CIO and religious services, including the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and Church World Service. Their goals to redefine the legal notions of "refugee status" and attain a more comprehensive amnesty policy were not realized until the Refugee Act of 1980.
Implications.
In response to the new need of welfare assistance to the new relocated refugees, the Indochinese Refugee Assistance Program was developed. This gave clearance for any Vietnamese, Cambodian, or Lao refugees to tap into the same resources that Cuban refugees had attained in the early 1970s, which included financial assistance and health, employment, and education services.
The Indochina Migration and Refugee Act was a watershed moment in U.S. Asian immigration policy. It opened the gates for displaced persons from Southeast Asia and also served as a symbol of commitment to those effected by the devastation from the Vietnam War. The decision by President Ford to admit such a substantial number of refugees was very much against public opinion and (despite attempts at thinning the refugee flow) the Carter Administration continued to commit thousands of refugees each year. By 1978, the U.S. was receiving thousands of refugees who had made their way by boat through the dangerous waters of the Pacific. This continued until refugee policy was reformed with the Refugee Act of 1980. However, because of the positive global reception to the Indochina Migration and Refugee Act of 1975, the United States has continued to use a more liberal approach to refugee admittance, especially with those from areas the United States is militarily engaged with.

</doc>
<doc id="19792918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792918" title="Dolni Dabnik Municipality">
Dolni Dabnik Municipality

Dolni Dabnik Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Dolni Dabnik. 
The municipality embraces a territory of 310 km² with a population, as of December 2009, of 14,438 inhabitants.
Settlements.
(towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792924" title="Gulyantsi Municipality">
Gulyantsi Municipality

Gulyantsi Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river, by the border with Romania. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Gulyantsi. As of December 2009, the municipality has a total population of 13,561 inhabitants.
The main cultural sight in the municipality are the ruins of the large Ancient Roman city of Ulpia Oescus.
Geography.
Gulyantsi municipality has an area of 458 square kilometres, of which 70% is arable. The region is flat, with elevation ranging from 30 to 50 metres above sea level. The northern boundary of the municipality is the Danube River, between river kilometres 604 and 639. 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792936" title="Cherven Bryag Municipality">
Cherven Bryag Municipality

Cherven Bryag Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Pleven Province, northwestern Bulgaria. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Cherven Bryag. With a population of 30,524, as of December 2009, it is the second largest municipality in the province.
The municipality is located by the right side of the Iskar River, close to the inlet of Zlatna Panega River. It has area of 584 km2.
It borders with Lukovit, Roman, Dolni Dabnik, Iskar, Knezha and Byala Slatina municipalities. The Sofia - Rousse highway and Sofia-Varna railroad pass through municipality.
The municipality has 37 protected areas, including Kuklite ("The Dolls") rock formations on the lands of Resselets village; Kaleto tectonic ridge on the lands of Reselets village; Skoka waterfall on the lands of Reselets; Haydoushka cave near Deventsi; Sedlarkata Rock Bridge on the lands of Rakita; Neolithic settlements near Telish, Thracian settlements in Chomakovtsi, Roman cites near Resselets and Chomakovtsi.
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19792942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792942" title="Americans">
Americans

Americans, or American people, are citizens of the United States of America. This definition also includes certain individuals who are considered to be nationals of the United States of America. The country is home to people of different national origins. As a result, Americans do not equate their nationality with ethnicity, but with citizenship.</ref> With the exception of the Native American population, generally all Americans or their ancestors immigrated within the past five centuries.
Despite its multi-ethnic composition, the culture held in common by most Americans is referred to as mainstream American culture, a Western culture largely derived from the traditions of Northern and Western European immigrants. It also includes influences of African-American culture. Westward expansion integrated the Creoles and Cajuns of Louisiana and the Hispanos of the Southwest and brought close contact with the culture of Mexico. Large-scale immigration in the late 19th and early 20th centuries from Southern and Eastern Europe introduced a variety of elements. Immigration from Asia, Africa, and Latin America has also had impact. A cultural melting pot, or pluralistic salad bowl, describes the way in which generations of Americans have celebrated and exchanged distinctive cultural characteristics.
In addition to the United States, Americans and people of American descent can be found internationally. As many as three to seven million Americans are estimated to be living abroad, and make up the American diaspora.
Racial and ethnic groups.
The United States of America is a diverse country, racially and ethnically. Six races are officially recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau for statistical purposes: White, American Indian and Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, and people of two or more races. "Some other race" is also an option in the census and other surveys. The United States Census Bureau also classifies Americans as "Hispanic or Latino" and "Not Hispanic or Latino", which identifies Hispanic and Latino Americans as a racially diverse "ethnicity" that composes the largest minority group in the nation.
White and European Americans.
People of European descent or whites constitute the majority of the 308 million people living in the United States, with 74.8% of the population in the 2010 United States Census. They are considered people who trace their ancestry to the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa. Of those reporting to be White American, 7,487,133 reported to be Multiracial; with largest combination being White and Black. Additionally, there are 29,184,290 White Hispanics or Latinos. Non-Hispanic Whites are the majority in 46 states. There are four minority-majority states: California, Texas, New Mexico, and Hawaii. In addition, the District of Columbia has a non-white majority. The state with the highest percentage of non-Hispanic White Americans is Maine.
The largest continental ancestral group of Americans are that of Europeans who have origins in any of the original peoples of Europe. This includes people via African, North American, Caribbean, Central American or South American and Oceanian nations that have a large European diaspora.
The Spanish were the first Europeans to establish a continuous presence in what is now the United States.
Martín de Argüelles born 1566, San Agustín, La Florida, was the first person of European descent born in what is now the United States. Twenty-one years later, Virginia Dare born 1587 Roanoke Island in present-day North Carolina, was the first child born in the Thirteen Colonies to English parents.
In 2009, German Americans (16.5%), Irish Americans (11.9%), and English Americans (9.0%) were the three largest self-reported ancestry groups in the United States, collectively comprising 37.4% of the population.
Overall, as the largest group, European Americans have the lowest poverty rate and the second highest educational attainment levels, median household income, and median personal income of any racial demographic in the nation.
Hispanic and Latino Americans.
Hispanic or Latino Americans (of any race) make up the largest ethnic minority in the United States and form the second largest group after non-Hispanic Whites in the United States, making up 16.3% of the population, according to the 2010 United States Census.
Hispanic/Latino Americans are very racially diverse, and as a result form an ethnic category, rather than a race.
People of Spanish or Hispanic descent have lived in what is now the United States since the founding of St. Augustine, Florida in 1565 by Pedro Menendez de Aviles. In the State of Texas, Spaniards first settled the region in the late 1600s and formed a unique cultural group known as Tejanos.
Hispanics have served with distinction in the United States military since the American Revolution when General Bernardo de Gálvez provided arms and rations to the Continental Army and afterwards engaged in military campaigns against the British.
Black and African Americans.
African Americans (also referred to as Black Americans or Afro-Americans, and formerly as American Negroes) are citizens or residents of the United States who have origins in any of the black populations of Africa. According to the Office of Management and Budget, the racial category include those who self-identify as African American, Sub-Saharan Africans, and Afro-Caribbeans. According to the 2009 American Community Survey, there were 38,093,725 blacks in the United States, which represented 12.4% of the population. In addition, there were 37,144,530 non-Hispanic blacks, which represented 12.1% of the population. This number increased to 42 million according to the 2010 United States Census, when including Multiracial African Americans, making up 14% of the total population of the United States. African Americans make up the second largest race in the United States, but the third largest group after White Americans and Hispanic or Latino Americans (of any race); the majority of the population (55%) live in the South, while compared to 2000 Census there is a decrease of African Americans in the Northeast and Midwest.
Most African Americans are the direct descendants of captive Africans who survived the slavery era within the boundaries of the present United States, although some are—or are descended from—immigrants from African, Caribbean, Central American or South American nations. As an adjective, the term is usually spelled "African-American". More recent immigrants from Africa may, or may not, self-identify as "African-American"; and may experience conflict with American-born African-Americans.
The first African slaves were brought to Jamestown, Virginia in 1619. The English settlers treated these captives as indentured servants and released them after a number of years. This practice was gradually replaced by the system of race-based slavery used in the Caribbean. All the American colonies had slavery, but it was usually the form of personal servants in the North (where 2% of the people were slaves), and field hands in plantations in the South (where 25% were slaves); by the beginning of the American Revolutionary War 1/5th of the total population was enslaved. During the revolution, some would serve in the Continental Army or Continental Navy, while others would serve the British Empire in Lord Dunmore's Ethiopian Regiment, and other units. By 1804, the northern states (north of the Mason-Dixon Line) had abolished slavery. However, slavery would persist until the end of the American Civil War and the passage of the thirteenth amendment. Following the end of the Reconstruction Era, which saw the first African American representation in Congress, African Americans became subject to Jim Crow laws, legislation that would persist until the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Voting Rights Act due to the Civil Rights Movement.
Asian Americans.
Another significant population is the Asian American population, comprising 17.3 million in 2010, or 5.6% of the U.S. population. California is home to 5.6 million Asian Americans, the greatest number in any state. In Hawaii, Asian Americans make up the highest proportion of the population (57 percent). Asian Americans live across the country, yet are heavily urbanized, with significant populations in the Greater Los Angeles Area, New York metropolitan area, and the San Francisco Bay Area.</ref>
They are by no means a monolithic group. The largest sub-groups are immigrants or descendants of immigrants from Cambodia, Mainland China, India, Japan, Korea, Laos, Pakistan, the Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. Asians overall have higher income levels than all other racial groups in the United States, including whites, and the trend appears to be increasing in relation to those groups. Additionally, Asians have a higher education attainment level than all other racial groups in the United States. For better or worse, the group has been called a model minority.
While Asian American have been in what is now the United States since before the Revolutionary War, relatively large waves of Chinese, Filipino, and Japanese immigration did not begin until the mid-to-late 19th century. Immigration and significant population growth continue to this day. Due to a number of factors, Asian Americans have been stereotyped as "perpetual foreigners".
American Indians and Alaska Natives.
According to the 2010 Census, there are 5.2 million people who are American Indian or Alaska Native alone, or in combination with one or more races; they make up 1.7% of the total population. According to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), a "American Indian or Alaska Native" is a person whose ancestry have origins in any of the original peoples of North, Central, or South America. 2.3 million individuals who are American Indian or Alaskan Native are multiracial; additionally the plurality of American Indians reside in the Western United States (40.7%). Collectively and historically this race has been known by several names; as of 1995, 50% of those who fall within the OMB definition prefer the term "American Indian", 37% prefer "Native American" and the remainder have no preference or prefer a different term altogether.
Native Americans, whose ancestry are indigenous to the Americas, originally migrated to the two continents between 10,000-45,000 years ago. These Paleoamericans spread throughout the two continents and evolved into hundreds of distinct cultures during the pre-Columbian era. Following the first voyage of Christopher Columbus, the European colonization of the Americas began, with St. Augustine, Florida becoming the first permanent European settlement in the continental United States. From the 16th through the 19th centuries, the population of Native Americans declined in the following ways: epidemic diseases brought from Europe; genocide and warfare at the hands of European explorers and colonists, as well as between tribes; displacement from their lands; internal warfare, enslavement; and intermarriage.
Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders.
As defined by the United States Census Bureau and the Office of Management and Budget, Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders are "persons having origins in any of the original peoples of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands." Previously called Asian Pacific American, along with Asian Americans beginning in 1976, this was changed in 1997. As of the 2010 United States Census there are 1.2 million who reside in the United States, and make up 0.4% of the nation's total population, of whom 56% are multiracial. 14% of the population have at least a bachelors degree, and 15.1% live in poverty, below the poverty threshold. As compared to the 2000 United States Census this population grew by 40%; and 71% live in the West; of those over half (52%) live in either Hawaii or California, with no other states having populations greater than 100,000. The largest concentration of Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders, is Honolulu County in Hawaii, and Los Angeles County in the continental United States.
Two or more races.
The U.S. has a growing multiracial identity movement. Multiracial Americans numbered 7.0 million in 2008, or 2.3% of the population; by the 2010 census the Multiracial increased to 9,009,073, or 2.9% of the total population. They can be any combination of races (White, Black or African American, Asian, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, "Some other race") and ethnicities. The largest population of Multiracial Americans were those of White and African American descent, with a total of 1,834,212 self-identifying individuals. Barack Obama, 44th President of the United States, is biracial with his mother being of English and Irish descent and his father being of Kenyan birth; however, Obama only self-identifies as being African American.
National personification.
A national personification is an anthropomorphism of a nation or its people; it can appear in both editorial cartoons and propaganda.
Uncle Sam is a national personification of the United States and sometimes more specifically of the American government, with the first usage of the term dating from the War of 1812. He is depicted as a stern elderly white man with white hair and a goatee beard, and dressed in clothing that recalls the design elements of the flag of the United States – for example, typically a top hat with red and white stripes and white stars on a blue band, and red and white striped trousers.
Columbia is a poetic name for the Americas and the feminine personification of the United States of America, made famous by African-American poet Phillis Wheatley during the American Revolutionary War in 1776. It has inspired the names of many persons, places, objects, institutions, and companies in the Western Hemisphere and beyond, including the District of Columbia, the seat of government of the United States.
Language.
English is the de facto national language. Although there is no official language at the federal level, some laws—such as U.S. naturalization requirements—standardize English. In 2007, about 226 million, or 80% of the population aged five years and older, spoke only English at home. Spanish, spoken by 12% of the population at home, is the second most common language and the most widely taught second language. Some Americans advocate making English the country's official language, as it is in at least twenty-eight states. Both Hawaiian and English are official languages in Hawaii by state law.
While neither has an official language, New Mexico has laws providing for the use of both English and Spanish, as Louisiana does for English and French. Other states, such as California, mandate the publication of Spanish versions of certain government documents. The latter include court forms. Several insular territories grant official recognition to their native languages, along with English: Samoan and Chamorro are recognized by American Samoa and Guam, respectively; Carolinian and Chamorro are recognized by the Northern Mariana Islands; Spanish is an official language of Puerto Rico.
Religion.
Religion in the United States has a high adherence level, compared to other developed countries, and diversity in beliefs. The First Amendment to the country's Constitution prevents the Federal government from making any "law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The U.S. Supreme Court has interpreted this as preventing the government from having any authority in religion. A majority of Americans report that religion plays a "very important" role in their lives, a proportion unusual among developed countries, although similar to the other nations of the Americas. Many faiths have flourished in the United States, including both later imports spanning the country's multicultural immigrant heritage, as well as those founded within the country; these have led the United States to become the most religiously diverse country in the world.
The majority of Americans (76%) identify themselves as Christians, mostly within Protestant and Catholic denominations, accounting for 51% and 25% of the population respectively. Non-Christian religions (including Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam, and Judaism), collectively make up about 4% to 5% of the adult population. Another 15% of the adult population identifies as having no religious belief or no religious affiliation. According to the American Religious Identification Survey, religious belief varies considerably across the country: 59% of Americans living in Western states (the "Unchurched Belt") report a belief in God, yet in the South (the "Bible Belt") the figure is as high as 86%.
Several of the original Thirteen Colonies were established by settlers who wished to practice their own religion without discrimination: the Massachusetts Bay Colony was established by English Puritans, Pennsylvania by Irish and English Quakers, Maryland by English and Irish Catholics, and Virginia by English Anglicans. Although some individual states retained established religious confessions well into the 19th century, the United States was the first nation to have no official state-endorsed religion. Modeling the provisions concerning religion within the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, the framers of the Constitution rejected any religious test for office, and the First Amendment specifically denied the federal government any power to enact any law respecting either an establishment of religion or prohibiting its free exercise, thus protecting any religious organization, institution, or denomination from government interference. The decision was mainly influenced by European Rationalist and Protestant ideals, but was also a consequence of the pragmatic concerns of minority religious groups and small states that did not want to be under the power or influence of a national religion that did not represent them.
Culture.
The development of the culture of the United States of America has been marked by a tension between two strong sources of inspiration: European ideals, especially British; and domestic originality, such as Jeffersonian democracy. Thomas Jefferson's "Notes on the State of Virginia" was perhaps the first influential domestic cultural critique by an American.
American culture encompasses traditions, ideals, customs, beliefs, values, arts, folklore and innovations developed both domestically and imported via colonization and immigration. Prevalent ideas and ideals that evolved domestically such as important national holidays, uniquely American sports, proud military tradition, and innovations in the arts and entertainment give a strong sense of national pride among the population as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="19792944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792944" title="John Logan (footballer)">
John Logan (footballer)

John William Logan (16 August 1912 – 1980) was an English professional footballer born in Horden, near Peterlee, County Durham who played in the Football League for Darlington, Barnsley and Sheffield Wednesday. He played as a wing half.

</doc>
<doc id="19792963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792963" title="Savage Barbecue">
Savage Barbecue

"Savage Barbecue: Race, Culture, and the Invention of America’s First Food" is a book about the evolution of barbecue in the New World.
Content of the book.
In Savage Barbecue, Andrew Warnes looks at the history of what he calls the first American food from a sociological and historical perspective rather than how cooking techniques differ over time and between regions today, beginning with Columbus’ first meetings with the natives of Hispaniola and explores the ties between barbecue and southern life during and after slavery. It emphasizes that barbecue in the context in which we now know it is not a wholly American cooking style, but has been influenced by European culture and cooking, and explores the racial aspects of the dish. Illustrations include some of the paintings and drawings of the colonial period, which show the Europeans' fascination with human limbs on a wooden grill while portraying the exotic nature of cooking meats and fish over fire. The book has four chapters with each one providing a specific way of looking at the historical background, the art, and act of barbecue.
He presents a concise view of how barbecue has changed with and throughout the history of America, arguing that barbecue is an attempt to express nothing more than European need to look at practices that occur in cultures outside of the Eurocentric norm as savage and barbaric, thus providing them a way to discuss the violent nature of those who created the cooking style while maintaining and asserting their perceived superiority above them.
References.
Warnes, Andrew. Savage Barbecue: Race, Culture, and the Invention of America’s First Food, The University of Georgia Press, Athens & London. (2008) ISBN 13:978-0-8203-3109-6 ISBN 0-8203-3109-0 Review of Book performed as part of Indiana University E621 Food and Culture Graduate Class in The new Anthropology of Food PhD program

</doc>
<doc id="19792988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792988" title="Cyril Roger">
Cyril Roger

Cyril Roger (born 27 December 1921 in Ashford, Kent, England) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider reached the final of Speedway World Championship five times.
Career.
Roger started his career with the Exeter Falcons in 1947 on loan from the New Cross Rangers. Until July 1948 he was part of the Falcons team that won the National League Division Three Championship, but was recalled by New Cross. He featured in ten outings for New Cross, and received a medal when they won the National League Division One title in the same season.
In 1949 he joined the Rangers full-time and qualified for the first of his five World Final appearances. In 1950 Rogers won the prestigious London Riders' Championship and made his debut for England.
Rogers stayed with New Cross until 1953, making two further World Final appearances in the meantime, before joining the Norwich Stars when the Rangers closed. A season with the Poole Pirates in 1956 was followed with a season with the Ipswich Witches where he broke his leg.
Rogers returned to racing in 1959 with the Norwich Stars where he stayed for two seasons before finishing his career after three seasons with the Southampton Saints in 1963.
He is the oldest surviving world finalist as of July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19792997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19792997" title="Variable shadowing">
Variable shadowing

In computer programming, variable shadowing occurs when a variable declared within a certain scope (decision block, method, or inner class) has the same name as a variable declared in an outer scope. At the level of identifiers (names, rather than variables), this is known as name masking. This outer variable is said to be shadowed by the inner variable, while the inner identifier is said to "mask" the outer identifier. This can lead to confusion, as it may be unclear which variable subsequent uses of the shadowed variable name refer to, which depends on the name resolution rules of the language.
One of the first languages to introduce variable shadowing was ALGOL, which first introduced blocks to establish scopes. It was also permitted by many of the derivative programming languages including C++ and Java. 
The C# language breaks this tradition, allowing variable shadowing between an inner and an outer class, and between a method and its containing class, but not between an if-block and its containing method, or between case statements in a switch block.
Example.
The following Lua code provides an example of variable shadowing, in multiple blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19793007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793007" title="Daniel Gallagher (sheriff)">
Daniel Gallagher (sheriff)

Daniel Gallagher (September 6, 1896 – May 6, 1956) was the Sheriff of the City and County of San Francisco from 1952–56. During his tenure he fought for prison reform and higher pay for women employees. Prior to being appointed Sheriff, he was a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.

</doc>
<doc id="19793009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793009" title="Arnulf II (archbishop of Milan)">
Arnulf II (archbishop of Milan)

Arnulf II (died 25 February 1018 in Milan) was Archbishop of Milan from 998 to 1018. 
He descended from the noble family of Arsago, being the son of Dagibert of Arsago. Among his brothers, Landulf of Arsago was Bishop of Brescia and Lanfrank of Arsago was the grandfather on the mother's side of Anselm of Besate. 
In 1001, Otto III, Holy Roman Emperor, at the time living in Rome, sent him to Byzantium to take a Byzantine princess as his future wife and empress. However Arnulf II, on his journey back to Rome, was reached by the news of the emperor's death. 
When Arduin of Ivrea, in lieu of Henry of Saxony (the future Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor), dynastic successor of Otto III, was elected King of Italy and crowned in Pavia, the traditional site of crowning of the Lombard and Italian kings, Arnulf II stood on the side of Henry. After the defeat of Arduin of Ivrea, Arnulf II went to Pavia to crown Henry of Saxony, on 15 May 1004, new King of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19793017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793017" title="William F. Baker (engineer)">
William F. Baker (engineer)

William Frazier Baker, also known as Bill Baker, (born October 9, 1953, Fulton, Missouri) is an American structural engineer known for engineering the Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building/manmade structure.
After obtaining a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from the University of Missouri, Baker held a brief tenure with ExxonMobil and later completed his master's degree at the University of Illinois. He then joined the architecture and engineering firm of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) in Chicago in 1981, eventually becoming a partner (1996). While widely regarded for his work on supertall buildings, Baker's expertise also extends to a wide variety of structures like the Broadgate-Exchange House (London, 1990), and the GM Renaissance Center Entry Pavilion (Detroit, 2005). He is further known for his work on long span roof structures, such as the McCormick Place North Building Expansion (Chicago, 1986), the Korean Air Lines Operations Center (Seoul, 1995), the Korea World Trade Center Expansion (Seoul, 2000), and the Virginia Beach Convention Center (Virginia Beach, 2007). Baker's career has also been marked by various collaborations with artists such as Jamie Carpenter (Raspberry Island-Schubert Club Band Shell, 2002), Iñigo Manglano-Ovalle (Gravity is a Force to be Reckoned With, 2010), Jaume Plensa (World Voices, 2010), and James Turrell (Roden Crater).
Baker's many skyscraper projects include the AT&T Corporate Center (Chicago, 1989), Trump International Hotel and Tower (Chicago, 2008), Infinity Tower (Dubai, 2009), Pearl River Tower (Guangzhou, 2009), Nanjing Greenland Financial Center (Nanjing, 2009), and the unbuilt 7 South Dearborn (Chicago, 2003), although he is best known as the engineer of Burj Khalifa (Dubai, 2009), the world's tallest manmade structure. To support the tower's record heights, he developed the "buttressed core" structural system, consisting of a hexagonal core reinforced by three buttresses that form a Y shape. This innovative system allows the structure to support itself both laterally and torsionally. It also eliminates the need for column transfers, and moves loads in a smooth path from the tower's spire into its foundations.
Baker is a Fellow of both the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) and the Institution of Structural Engineers (IStructE). He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), and frequently lectures on a variety of structural engineering topics within the US and abroad.
Awards.
In 2011, Bill Baker received an honorary doctorate in engineering from the University of Stuttgart and an ASCE Outstanding Projects and Leaders (OPAL) Lifetime Award for Design. On May 13, 2010, The Institution of Structural Engineers, awarded Baker with the Gold Medal, the Institution's highest accolade. Baker was the first American to be awarded the Fritz Leonhardt Prize For Achievement in Structural Engineering on July 11, 2009. On November 20, 2008, Baker received the The Fazlur Khan Lifetime Achievement Medal from the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19793032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793032" title="George S. Oldfield">
George S. Oldfield

George S. Oldfield is a prominent academic in the field of finance. He was the Richard S. Reynolds, Jr. Professor of Finance at the Mason School of Business at the College of William & Mary, and a faculty member at the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth College and the S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University. 
__TOC__
Career.
In government, Oldfield has worked at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia and served as Economic Research Fellow at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
He is a consultant with The Brattle Group.
Education.
Oldfield holds a Ph.D. and M.A. in finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an A.B. in economics from the College of William and Mary.
Publications.
Oldfield has been published extensively and is cited for his work on the effects of a firm's unvested pension benefits on its share price
that was published in the "Journal of Money, Credit and Banking" in 1977.
Other publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="19793059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793059" title="Marc Pujol">
Marc Pujol

Marc Pujol Pons (born 21 August 1982) is an Andorran footballer. He currently plays for Balaguer in Spain's Tercera Division and the Andorran national team. Pujol has scored 2 goals for the Andorra in competitive fixtures.

</doc>
<doc id="19793068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793068" title="Joseph William Hadley">
Joseph William Hadley

Joseph William Hadley (November 25, 1819 – November 24, 1898) was a merchant, ship's captain and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882.
He was born in Manchester, Nova Scotia, the son of William Hadley and Sarah Hart. Hadley was in command of a ship involved in the coastal trade for more than 30 years. In 1844, he married Isabella Logan Harty. He was named a magistrate in 1857. Hadley ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1871 and 1874 before he was elected in 1878. He was a freemason. Hadley died in Guysborough at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19793121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793121" title="David Szatmary">
David Szatmary

David P. Szatmary (born May 27, 1951) is an educator, author on various subjects, and an educational entrepreneur.
Educator and author.
Born in Milwaukee, Szatmary earned a baccalaureate degree from Marquette University and M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in American history from Rutgers University. In 1970-1980, he taught in the History Department at the University of Arizona as an Assistant Professor. Based upon his academic work, he published "Shays' Rebellion: The Making of an Agrarian Insurrection" (University of Massachusetts, 1980), which remains in print. He consulted on the Calliope production of the movie "Shays' Rebellion", and more recently was featured in a History Channel program about the rebellion and its importance to the formation of the U.S. Constitution.
From 1980 to 1984, Szatmary managed a chain of music stores in Washington and California, helping to grow the business from three stores in Washington to ten stores on the West Coast. Combining his history expertise with his experience in the music business, he wrote "Rockin’ In Time: A Social History of Rock and Roll", published by Prentice-Hall, now in its seventh edition. He also wrote "A Time to Rock" (Schirmer, 1985) and taught classes at the University of Washington and University of Arizona on the same topic. In addition, he has authored more than 300 reviews of music and history books for publications such as "Library Journal" and contributed to multiple editions of "All-Music Guide" (Scott Foresman, first published in 1992).
In 1984, Szatmary joined the University of Washington (UW), the nationally ranked public research institution based in Seattle, Washington, in the university's continuing and professional education unit, University of Washington Educational Outreach. Credited with developing the first certificate program at the UW, he added 60 more certificate programs and helped establish more than 35 degree programs during the next 24 years. Since 1999, Szatmary has served as Vice Provost of UW Educational Outreach, which includes UW Professional and Continuing Education.
UW Educational Outreach serves as a gateway to the community, granting alternate points of access to the UW for nontraditional students, most of them working adults. Under Szatmary’s leadership, UW Educational Outreach emerged as a national leader in the field of professional education with a series of innovative programs and partnerships. In 2008, UW Educational Outreach served more than 42,000 students with more than 6,000 programs and courses. The organization attracted 81,000 enrollments and posted gross revenues of nearly $70 million.
Szatmary oversees a staff of more than 200 engaged in development and administration of the UW’s evening undergraduate degree completion program; 30 professionally focused master’s and doctoral degrees; and UW summer quarter. He also oversees more than 120 certificate programs in the areas of biotech/biomedical, building construction, business, computing and information technology, education, engineering, health/social work, law and regulation, and the nonprofit/public sector. In addition, UW Educational Outreach administers international programs, community partnerships, online learning, conferences and workshops, programs for youth and K-12 educators, and English language programs (English as a Foreign or Second Language).
Educational entrepreneur.
Szatmary has been an innovative educational entrepreneur by creating partnerships with other educational institutions, corporations and international organizations. In 2003, he started R1edu.org, a consortium of 34 Research I universities and AAU institutions that provide online learning opportunities. He also initiated OpenUW, a series of 12 free, open source online programs available to the public in partnership with the Learning Network, a Pearson-owned company.
In 2005, Szatmary helped organize Actions, Solutions, Growth: University Partners (ASG). ASG is a partnership of a dozen continuing education leaders at large nonprofit and for-profit universities in North America. The group collaborates on a variety of initiatives, including the development of joint educational programs. Current ASG programs include a certificate program in Biotechnology Project Management with the University of Washington and University of California, San Diego and a certificate program in Decision Making for Climate Change jointly created by the University of Washington, University of California, Irvine, the University of British Columbia Continuing Studies Centre for Sustainability and Northwestern University.
Szatmary has forged partnerships between University of Washington Educational Outreach and organizations including the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), and Pearson/Prentice-Hall Publishing. Notable corporate partnerships include the UW-Boeing relationship.
Szatmary has been instrumental in building a partnership with the United Arab Emirates Academy in Abu Dhabi. Since February 2007, University of Washington Educational Outreach has provided professional certificate programs in the IBDAA program for young job seekers. This partnership marks the first time the University of Washington has established a base abroad to teach foreign nationals in their home country.
Szatmary has served as the principal investigator for more than $5.1 million in grants, allowing UW Educational Outreach to provide online programs in technology and other subject areas.
Based upon his experience and accomplishments during the last 25 years, Szatmary has written articles and been asked to comment about different aspects of online learning and types of partnership and collaboration models.

</doc>
<doc id="19793187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793187" title="Drill, baby, drill">
Drill, baby, drill

"Drill, baby, drill!" was a 2008 Republican campaign slogan first used at the 2008 Republican National Convention by former Maryland Lieutenant Governor Michael Steele, who was later elected Chairman of the Republican National Committee. The slogan expressed support for increased drilling for petroleum as a source of additional energy.
Etymology.
Michael Steele used the phrase "Drill, baby, drill" during an address to the 2008 Republican National Convention as he called for increasing domestic production of oil, and the phrase proved to be popular among the delegates. Prior to the Republican National Convention, Erik Rush, a conservative blogger and author of "The Other Rush" blog, had titled his August 28, 2008 sheet "Drill, baby, drill!" Environmental think tank Post Carbon Institute released a contrarian report in 2013 titled "Drill, Baby, Drill: Can Unconventional Fuels Usher in a New Era of Energy Abundance?" 
One possible source of the expression "Drill, baby, drill" was a similar three word expression used by Bill Epton, an African American radical, whose three word statement "Burn, baby, burn" in 1964 led to him being "the first person convicted of criminal anarchy since the Red Scare of 1919". Another possible explanation of the origin is that Erik Rush or some predecessor modeled the phrase after the title of the 1966 Mario Bava film "Operazione paura" which was released in the USA under the colorful title "Kill, Baby, Kill" and also known as "Kill, Baby... Kill!" The 1973 Ray Austin film "House of the Living Dead" also used this same title "Kill, Baby, Kill" when released in USA video format, although this latter film achieved little of the popularity of the earlier Bava film. Another possibility is that it is a play on the "Burn Baby Burn" lyrics of the song "Disco Inferno."
Vice Presidential debate.
On October 2, 2008, at the vice-presidential debate between Sarah Palin and Joe Biden, "drill, baby, drill" reached a new prominence. Joe Biden, referring to the energy crisis and McCain's 20 votes against funding solar and wind energy, stated that McCain thinks "the only answer is drill, drill, drill. Drill we must, but it will take 10 years for one drop of oil to come out of any of the wells that are going to be drilled." Palin responded by saying, "The chant is 'drill, baby, drill.' And that's what we hear all across this country in our rallies because people are so hungry for those domestic sources of energy to be tapped into."
Aftermath of the BP oil spill.
Republicans continued to use the slogan after the 2008 election. In 2010, however, the slogan received renewed attention because of the "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill, a major oil spill at a BP offshore drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico. The spill caused extensive environmental damages and economic losses estimated in the billions of dollars. As a result, some proponents of "Drill, baby, drill" became embarrassed about their previous support. The slogan was parodied as "Spill, baby, spill", and "Kill, baby, Kill". Two senior Republican Senators, Jon Kyl and Pat Roberts, made comments attempting to distance themselves and the Republican Party from the slogan.
Parody.
In one of several adult film parodies that featured Sarah Palin-like characters, one particular production in 2009 was titled "Drill Baby Drill" by Penthouse Features.

</doc>
<doc id="19793189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793189" title="Circumpolar Health Bibliographic Database">
Circumpolar Health Bibliographic Database

The Circumpolar Health Bibliographic Database (CHBD) is a free electronic database of abstracts, citations, geographic and subject indexing, library codes and their links to full text publications, both peer-reviewed and gray literature. Established in 2007, it contains more than four thousand records that describe human health in the circumpolar region. The CHBD is a circumpolar chronic disease prevention project of the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. It is maintained by the University of Calgary in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The CHBD was initially constructed with records from the Arctic Institute of North America's database. These were mainly northern Canadian records. It is expected to take several years to add non-Canadian records to the CHBD. The Circumpolar Health Observatory, proposed in May 2008 in Norway, would disseminate its data through the CHBD.
Funding for the database increased by 50% for the period of 2008-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19793195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793195" title="William Tell Express">
William Tell Express

The William Tell Express () is a boat and panoramic train line which connects Lucerne to Locarno (or Lugano) crossing the Swiss Alps from north to south. It takes its name from William Tell, the Swiss folk hero, and is jointly operated by the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB), who operate the train, and the Schifffahrtsgesellschaft des Vierwaldstättersees (SGV), who operate the boat.
The boat part of the journey operates the length of Lake Lucerne, from Lucerne to Flüelen, and is normally operated by one of SGV's historic paddle steamers. It takes 3 hours. 
At Flüelen station, passengers transfer to an SBB train, which takes the Gotthard line up the Reuss Valley and through the Gotthard Tunnel. It then emerges in the Leventina Valley in the canton of Ticino. After 2 hours of travel the train reaches Bellinzona and Locarno.

</doc>
<doc id="19793211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793211" title="East Over Reservation">
East Over Reservation

The East Over Reservation is a nature preserve and working farm in Rochester, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations. There are hiking trails, quarry-stone walls and a "treasure hunt," designed to test one's map reading skills.

</doc>
<doc id="19793226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793226" title="Harry Baker (footballer)">
Harry Baker (footballer)

Harry Kenneth Baker (born 20 September 1990 in Bexleyheath, London) is an English professional footballer, currently playing for Bishop's Stortford in the Conference North.
Baker made his professional debut in Leyton Orient's Football League Trophy penalty shootout defeat against Brighton & Hove Albion on 7 October 2008.
On 12 January 2010, he joined Grays Athletic on loan, and stayed with the Essex club until 11 February. He was unable to secure a regular place in the first team on his return to Orient, and was released by manager Russell Slade on 9 May 2010. 
Baker joined Dover Athletic on 6 August. He made his debut in the 2–2 draw with Welling United on 17 August, and scored his first goal for Dover in the 6–3 victory over Farnborough on 18 September.
Baker signed for Welling United in January 2012, scoring on his debut in the 3–1 league win over Havant & Waterlooville on 21 February.
He signed for Conference North club Bishop's Stortford F.C. in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19793228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793228" title="Sam Malpass">
Sam Malpass

Samuel Thomas Malpass (12 September 1918–1983) was a professional footballer. He played as a Defender for Huddersfield Town, Fulham, Watford and Great Yarmouth, and as a wartime guest for several Football League clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19793237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793237" title="Jacek Berensztajn">
Jacek Berensztajn

Berensztajn made two appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19793239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793239" title="Spit for Athena">
Spit for Athena

Spit For Athena are an American rock band from Coldwater, Michigan. Levi Bailey (vocals, guitar) and Matt Budd (drums) started the band with Melanie Cumming (bass) in September 2001.
Biography.
Spit For Athena released their self-titled debut album on Grand Rapids indie label Friction Records in 2003. The album was recorded with Mike Hasty (Walls Of Jericho) and Ryan "Bart" Williams (Black Dahlia Murder) at Cloud City Studios in Detroit, MI. The band's next release, "Extermina", was released on Eyeball Records in 2004. Mark Larmee replaced Melanie Cumming as bassist in 2008, appearing on the band's latest album, "Tammy". 
Spit For Athena has shared the stage with bands like Local H, Russian Circles, The Forms, Walls Of Jericho, Lickgoldensky, Hot Cross, Mad Caddies and Smoking Popes.

</doc>
<doc id="19793244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793244" title="List of Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine">
List of Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine

The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine () is awarded annually by the Swedish Karolinska Institute to scientists and doctors in the various fields of physiology or medicine. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members and an executive secretary elected by the Karolinska Institute. While commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Medicine, Nobel specifically stated that the prize be awarded for "physiology or medicine" in his will. Because of this, the prize can be awarded in a broader range of fields. The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to Emil Adolf von Behring, of Germany. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, von Behring received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2008. In 2013, the prize was awarded to James E. Rothman, Randy W. Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof; they were recognised "after discovering how cells precisely transport material". The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
Laureates have won the Nobel Prize in a wide range of fields that relate to physiology or medicine. As of 2009, 8 Prizes have been awarded for contributions in the field of signal transduction by G proteins and second messengers, 13 have been awarded for contributions in the field of neurobiology and 13 have been awarded for contributions in Intermediary Metabolism. Gerhard Domagk (1939), a German, was not allowed by his government to accept the prize. He later received a medal and diploma, but not the money. Ten women have won the prize: Gerty Cori (1947), Rosalyn Yalow (1977), Barbara McClintock (1983), Rita Levi-Montalcini (1986), Gertrude B. Elion (1988), Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard (1995), Linda B. Buck (2004), Françoise Barré-Sinoussi (2008), Elizabeth H. Blackburn (2009) and Carol W. Greider (2009). As of 2013, the prize has been awarded to 207 individuals. There have been nine years in which the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was not awarded (1915–1918, 1921, 1925, 1940–1942).
Notes.
A. The form and spelling of the names in the name column is according to nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. Alternative spellings and name forms, where they exist, are given at the articles linked from this column. Where available, an image of each Nobel Laureate is provided. For the official pictures provided by the Nobel Foundation, see the pages for each Nobel Laureate at nobelprize.org.
B. The information in the country column is according to nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. This information may not necessarily reflect the recipient's birthplace or citizenship.
C. The citation for each award is quoted (not always in full) from nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. The links in this column are to articles (or sections of articles) on the history and areas of physiology and medicine for which the awards were presented. The links are intended only as a guide and explanation. For a full account of the work done by each Nobel Laureate, please see the biography articles linked from the name column.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="19793270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793270" title="International Indian School, Riyadh">
International Indian School, Riyadh

The International Indian School, Riyadh KSA (IISR) (formerly Embassy of India School, Riyadh) is one of the largest Indian schools with close to 8,000 students. It was established in 1982. The IISR runs separate sections for boys and girls. The school has four divisions elementary (kindergarten), primary, middle and high school. The school is part of the global network of International Indian Schools that are affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), New Delhi, India and is licensed by the Ministry of Education, Saudi Arabia.
Apart from the high academic standards envisaged by the scheme of studies, an array of co-curricular activities in Elocution, Debate, Declamation, Recitation, Quiz, Essay —writing, Exhibitions, Sports and several other such activities are incorporated in the curricula for the growth of the budding talents and the development of a balanced personality in the pupils.
Principals.
The current principal is Dr. Shaukat Parvez. He has recently joined International Indian School, Riyadh as Principal & HOI. Before joining the school, he served as the Principal of IIS Tabuk for six years. Dr. Perwez started his professional career as a lecturer at M.R.S.M. College, Darbhanga, Bihar. He worked as a teacher in Biology and Section Supervisor at IIS Riyadh for 13 years, before leaving for Tabuk.
Mrs. Meera Rehman is the Vice Principal In-Charge of the boys section and Mrs. Asma Shah is the Vice Principal of the Girls Section
History.
The school was founded on 9 October 1982 as Indian Embassy School, Riyadh (EISR). Afsar Khan was the first principal of the school until 2000, when he was replaced by Manzar Jamal Siddiqui who left in 2011.
Structure.
To comply with national educational policies in Saudi Arabia, boys and girls have two separate buildings. The boys school is located in Rawdah district at the intersection of Khurais Road and Al Hassan ibn Ali St. The girls school has been shifted to the Malaz,st Farazdak district.
Student's In school.
The school serves Kindergarten and Grades 1 through 12. The grades are divided into sections (LKG-UKG, I-V, VI-VIII, IX-XII). Each section has office bearers - Captain, Vice Captain and Captains for four colour houses for LKG-UKG, I-V and VI-VIII and for IX-XII they have Captain, Vice Captain, Sports seceratary, Joint Seceratary, Head Girl/Head Boy and Captains for four colour houses to help teachers and school staff to manage school and students. Students get opportunities to participate in various types of events.
Boys School.
The boys school is spread over an area of 17466 Square meters and includes 124 class rooms, two tennis courts, a large playing field,science labs, a basketball court and canteen, a library, a computer lab. The school has its own fleet of buses to transport students and staff from home to school and back, as well as private buses.
Girls School.
The girls school is spread over 9216 square meters and includes 120 class rooms, a basketball court, library, computer lab, science labs and canteen. The school has its own fleet of buses to transport students and staff from home to school and back, as well as private buses. 
Management.
The school has a Principal, two Vice-Principals and a seven member Managing Committee. 
The school's patron is Shri Hamid Ali Rao, current Indian Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
IISR Sports Club.
The International Indian Sports Club came into existence in the year 1988, and it has multipurpose sports facilities exclusively meant for Indian nationals. This club was founded by some of the fine sports loving Indians, at the old Indian Embassy School. Predominantly, a family badminton club, yet, the sole motto of the formation, was to foster wide range of sports facilities among Indian communities. The club offers ample opportunity for a member and his/her family to be actively involved in their favorite chosen sport. Throughout its history, the club has been an exceptional sporting venue, and today hosts open badminton tournaments annually.
This club is affiliated to the International Indian School, Riyadh, and functions under the jurisdiction of the school Principal and IISR Managing Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19793292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793292" title="Willie Prall">
Willie Prall

Wilfred Anthony Prall (born April 20, 1950) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Prall was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the third round of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft, then was traded to the Chicago Cubs in in exchange for catcher Ken Rudolph. Prall's major league career began and ended in with the Cubs, when he pitched in three games, winning none and losing two.
Cultural references.
In season 1, episode 15 of the TV show "Prison Break", a Cubs pitcher named "William Prall" is shown in flashback, and referred to as the favorite player of the father of one of the characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19793294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793294" title="Dubon">
Dubon

Dubon may refer to :-

</doc>
<doc id="19793318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793318" title="1958 PGA Championship">
1958 PGA Championship

The 1958 PGA Championship was the 40th PGA Championship, played July 17–20 at Llanerch Country Club in Havertown, Pennsylvania, a suburb west of Philadelphia. It was the first PGA Championship held in its current stroke play format, 72 holes over four days, ending on Sunday. The previous editions were at match play, with the two most recent ones at seven rounds over five days, the final two rounds at 36 holes per match.
Dow Finsterwald, the runner-up in 1957, shot a final round 67 to win his only major title, two shots ahead of runner-up Billy Casper. Sam Snead led after 54 holes in pursuit of a fourth title, but faded to third with a final round 73 (+3).
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, July 20, 1958"

</doc>
<doc id="19793319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793319" title="Ricky &quot;Ric Rude&quot; Lewis">
Ricky &quot;Ric Rude&quot; Lewis

Ricky "Ric Rude" Lewis (born May 31, 1981 in Los Angeles, California) is a Grammy Award-nominated songwriter, record producer, and musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19793332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793332" title="1959 PGA Championship">
1959 PGA Championship

The 1959 PGA Championship was the 41st PGA Championship played from July 30 to August 2 at Minneapolis Golf Club in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, a suburb west of Minneapolis. Six strokes back at the start of the final round, Bob Rosburg shot a 66 (–4) to win his only major championship, one stroke ahead of runners-up Jerry Barber and Doug Sanders. This was the second year of stroke play at the PGA Championship, a match play event through 1957.
Barber was the 54-hole leader at 205 (–5), with Sanders a stroke back. Barber won the title two years later, in a Monday playoff in 1961.
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 2, 1959"

</doc>
<doc id="19793345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793345" title="1960 PGA Championship">
1960 PGA Championship

The 1960 PGA Championship was the 42nd PGA Championship played July 21–24 at the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio. Jay Hebert won his only major championship, one stroke ahead of runner-up Jim Ferrier, the 1947 champion. Only one player broke par in the final round; Wes Ellis shot 69 (−1) and finished in sixth place. Hebert's younger brother Lionel won the title in 1957, the last PGA Championship contested in match play format.
Third round leader Doug Sanders shot 73 (+3) on Sunday and finished two strokes back in a tie for third.
Two-time champion Ben Hogan played in the PGA Championship for the first time since his match play victory in 1948. A third round 78 (+8) left him at 225 (+15) and he missed the 54-hole cut by one stroke.
Attendance figures were 14,141 for Sunday's final round, with a four-day total of 53,509.
This was the first of three PGA Championships at the South Course, which later hosted in 1966 and 1975. It is the current venue for the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational, which began in 1976 as the "World Series of Golf" on the PGA Tour.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the first cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, July 24, 1960"

</doc>
<doc id="19793352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793352" title="1961 PGA Championship">
1961 PGA Championship

The 1961 PGA Championship was the 43rd PGA Championship, played July 27–31 at the North Course of Olympia Fields Country Club in Olympia Fields, Illinois, a suburb south of Chicago. Jerry Barber, age 45, won his only major title in an 18-hole Monday playoff by one stroke over Don January, 67 to 68. It was the fourth edition as a stroke play event and the first playoff.
Rain washed out the second round on Friday, the few completed scores were scrapped and replayed on Saturday, with 36 holes on Sunday. Barber led at the midway point with a 136 (−4), two shots ahead of January and Doug Sanders. A top putter of the era, Barber sank of putts on the last three holes of the final round to erase a four-stroke deficit to January and force a Monday playoff. At the 72nd hole, January had a two-stroke lead, but put his tee shot into the sand. With Barber on the green but an improbable away, January played conservatively for the bogey. Barber drained his third lengthy putt in as many holes (eagle-par-birdie) to even it up at the end of regulation.
In the playoff, the two were tied at three-under after 16 holes, following January's birdie. Both had pars at the 17th, which effectively turned the 18th hole into sudden-death. Both tee shots found fairway bunkers, and Barber hit a 3-iron onto the green, from the cup. January found another bunker short of the green and could not save par from .
At age 45, Barber became the oldest winner of the PGA Championship, whose previous champions were all under age 40, with several at age 39. At the time, the only older major winner was Old Tom Morris at age 46 in 1867. Barber was surpassed in 1968 by Julius Boros at age 48.
It was the third major championship at Olympia Fields Country Club; it previously hosted the PGA Championship in 1925 (Courses 3 & 4) and the U.S. Open in 1928 (Course 4). The four 18-hole courses at Olympia Fields were reduced to two in the 1940s when the club sold half of its property. Formerly named numerically, the remaining courses were North and South. The North Course later hosted the U.S. Open in 2003, won by Jim Furyk.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final round.
"Sunday, July 30, 1961"
Playoff.
"Monday, July 31, 1961"
Scorecard.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19793354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793354" title="Elliott Laurel">
Elliott Laurel

Elliott Laurel is a open space preserve located in Phillipston, Massachusetts. The property, notable for its extensive stands of Mountain Laurel, is managed by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations. Elliott Laurel also contains woodlands, ledges, boulders, and a hayfield.
History and recreation.
The reserve is named for Frederick W. Elliott, who donated the original acreage to the Trustees of Reservations in 1941. Additional property was purchased in 1972.
Elliott Laurel is open to hiking, cross country skiing, and hunting (in season). A network of trails loop through the reservation and ascend to a scenic vista along a series of ledges.

</doc>
<doc id="19793365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793365" title="1962 PGA Championship">
1962 PGA Championship

The 1962 PGA Championship was the 44th PGA Championship, played July 19–22 at Aronimink Golf Club in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, a suburb west of Philadelphia. Gary Player won the first of his two PGA Championships, one stroke ahead of runner-up Bob Goalby. It was the third of Player's nine major titles.
The Open Championship was played the previous week in Troon, Scotland, the first of five times in the 1960s that these two majors were played in consecutive weeks in July. The PGA Championship moved permanently to August in 1969 (except 1971, when it was played in late February).
Player missed the 36-hole cut at Troon, the British Open was won by Arnold Palmer for the second straight year. Palmer had also won the Masters in April. Both the U.S. Open and PGA Championship were played in his home state of Pennsylvania in 1962, just five weeks apart. Palmer lost to 22-year-old Jack Nicklaus in an 18-hole playoff at the U.S. Open at Oakmont near Pittsburgh, then finished ten strokes back in a tie for 17th at Aronimink.
Jack Nicklaus, age 20, shot a final round 67 to finish in a tie for third in his first PGA Championship.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the first cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, July 22, 1962"

</doc>
<doc id="19793374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793374" title="1963 PGA Championship">
1963 PGA Championship

The 1963 PGA Championship was the 45th PGA Championship, played July 18–21 at the Blue Course of Dallas Athletic Club in Dallas, Texas. Jack Nicklaus won the first of his five PGA Championship titles, two strokes ahead of runner-up Dave Ragan. It was the second major win of the year for Nicklaus, and the third of his eighteen major titles.
Nicklaus entered the final round in third place, three shots behind 54-hole leader Bruce Crampton. Nicklaus shot a three-under 68 while Crampton fell back with 74 (+3) in the Texas heat, with temperatures over . At the trophy presentation, Nicklaus grasped the very hot Wanamaker Trophy with the aid of a towel.
With the victory, Nicklaus at age 23 joined Gene Sarazen, Byron Nelson, and Ben Hogan as the only winners of all three American majors: The Masters, U.S. Open and PGA Championship. Nicklaus completed the first of his three career grand slams three years later at Muirfield in 1966.
The Open Championship was played the previous week in Lytham St Annes, England, one of five times in the 1960s that these two majors were played in consecutive weeks in July. The PGA Championship moved permanently to August in 1969 (except 1971, when it was played in late February). After cool temperatures in Britain, the oppressive July heat in Dallas was difficult for many to adjust to. 
Nicklaus won the Masters in April, marking only the third time that the Masters champion won the PGA Championship in the same calendar year. He was preceded by Sam Snead in 1949 and Jack Burke, Jr. in 1956. Through 2013, it has only been accomplished only four times, twice by Nicklaus, and most recently in 1975.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, July 18, 1963"
Source:
Second round.
"Friday, July 19, 1963"
Source:
Third round.
"Saturday, July 20, 1963"
Source:
Final round.
"Sunday, July 21, 1963"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19793380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793380" title="1964 PGA Championship">
1964 PGA Championship

The 1964 PGA Championship was the 46th PGA Championship, played July 16–19 at Columbus Country Club in Columbus, Ohio. Bobby Nichols won his only major title, three strokes ahead of runners-up Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer. Nichols led wire-to-wire after a first round 64 in the hometown of Nicklaus, who shot a 64 in the final round to gain his third runner-up finish in majors in 1964.
Ben Hogan, age 51, competed at the PGA Championship for the first time since 1960. Tied for fifth place after a third round 68, he finished tied for ninth for his penultimate top ten in a major. His final top ten came at the 1967 Masters.
Nichols' winning score of 271 was the lowest to date at the PGA Championship, the seventh as a 72-hole stroke play championship. It stood as the record for thirty years, until Nick Price's 269 in 1994.
The British Open was played the previous week in St Andrews, Scotland, one of five times in the 1960s that these two majors were played in consecutive weeks in July. The PGA Championship moved permanently to August in 1969 (except 1971, when it was played in late February).
Past champions in the field.
Missed the first cut.
Source:
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, July 16, 1964"
Second round.
"Friday, July 17, 1964"
Third round.
"Saturday, July 18, 1964"
Final round.
"Sunday, July 19, 1964"

</doc>
<doc id="19793388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793388" title="1965 PGA Championship">
1965 PGA Championship

The 1965 PGA Championship was the 47th PGA Championship, played August 12–15 at Laurel Valley Golf Club in Ligonier, Pennsylvania, a suburb southeast of Pittsburgh. Dave Marr won his only major championship, two strokes ahead of runners-up Billy Casper and Jack Nicklaus.
Marr was the co-leader after 54 holes with Tommy Aaron, a stroke ahead of Gardner Dickinson and two shots ahead of major champions Nicklaus and Casper. Aaron shot 78 and Dickinson 74 on Sunday, while Marr matched an even-par 71 with Nicklaus and Casper.
Not far from his hometown of Latrobe, Laurel Valley was co-founded by Arnold Palmer in 1959, who had another disappointing major in his home state and finished 14 strokes back, tied for 33rd. Three years earlier, he lost an 18-hole playoff to Nicklaus in the U.S. Open at Oakmont near Pittsburgh, then finished tied for 17th five weeks later at the PGA Championship at Aronimink, outside Philadelphia. (Palmer won the other two majors of 1962, the Masters and the Open Championship.)
This was the final PGA Championship appearance for two-time champion Ben Hogan, age 53, who finished tied for 15th place. After his near-fatal auto accident in early 1949, Hogan's legs could not withstand the grueling match play schedule and he did not play again in the championship until it became a stroke play event. He missed the 54-hole cut by a stroke in 1960 and tied for ninth place in 1964. Hogan won the title as a match play event in 1946 and 1948. Twenty former champions were in the field and twelve made the cut.
A decade later, Laurel Valley hosted the Ryder Cup in 1975, the last Ryder Cup held in the U.S. without players from continental Europe.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 15, 1965"
Television.
This was the first PGA Championship televised by the ABC network, which retained the broadcast rights through 1990, when it was succeeded by CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="19793394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793394" title="Darragh Egan">
Darragh Egan

Darragh Egan is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Kildangan and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
On 5 September 2010, Egan was a non-playing substitute as Tipperary won their 26th All Ireland title, beating reigning champions Killkenny by 4-17 to 1-18 in the final, preventing Kilkenny from achieving an historic 5-in-a-row, it was Egan's first All-Ireland winners medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19793411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793411" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19793419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793419" title="Ebenezer Tilton Moseley">
Ebenezer Tilton Moseley

Ebenezer Tilton Moseley (June 2, 1844 – June 18, 1898) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Ebenezer Moseley and Anne Jane Cummings. He was educated at St. John and Dalhousie colleges, was admitted to the bar in 1868 and set up practice in Sydney. Moseley married Isabel Brookman. He served as a member of the municipal council, also serving as mayor of Sydney, and as commissioner of schools for the county. He was chosen as speaker for the provincial assembly in 1878. Moseley was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1882. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1887. Moseley died in Sydney at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="19793428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793428" title="Hendrickson">
Hendrickson

Hendrickson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19793460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793460" title="France–Vanuatu relations">
France–Vanuatu relations

The French Republic & the Republic of Vanuatu have long-standing bilateral relations which have varied over the years between tense and amicable. Vanuatu, then known as the New Hebrides, was a Franco-British Condominium from 1906 to 1980, and maintained formal relations with both of its former colonial masters after gaining independence. Franco–ni-Vanuatu relations were rocked by a series of crises in the 1980s, and broke down completely on several occasions, with Vanuatu expelling the French ambassador in 1981, in 1984 and in 1987. Relations improved from the 1990s onwards, and, today, France provides development aid to Vanuatu. The two countries also share amicable economic and cultural relations; both are members of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie.
Prior to the 1980s.
Vanuatu is a product of colonisation and decolonisation; it did not exist as a unified sovereign entity prior to the establishment of the Condominium in 1906, and its accession to independence in 1980. For France's role during the colonial period, see the article on the New Hebrides.
1980s: off to a rocky start.
From 1980 to 1991, Vanuatu was governed by Prime Minister Father Walter Lini, the "father of independence", who established a resolutely independent foreign policy, brought his country into the Non-Aligned Movement in 1983, promoted the concept of Melanesian socialism and refused alignment with the Western bloc during the late stages of the Cold War. France's reluctance to grant the country independence in the late 1970s -contrasted with the United Kingdom's wish to speedily cut colonial ties- signified a potential legacy of tension, particularly since France had been accused of encouraging a separatist movement on Espiritu Santo just prior to independence. In addition, ni-Vanuatu politics remained polarised along linguistic lines, with francophones (who in general were also francophiles) constituting a minority in Opposition against Lini's anglophone majority.
The Neo-Caledonian issue.
One of Lini's first foreign policy moves upon attaining office was to provide open encouragement for the Kanak Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS), the pro-independence movement in neighbouring New Caledonia, which remained a French territory. Lini described indigenous New Caledonians as ni-Vanuatu's "Melanesian brothers", and stated, on the basis of Melanesian solidarity, that they alone should determine the political future of New Caledonia.
In February 1981, Barak Sopé, secretary-general of Vanuatu's ruling Vanua'aku Pati, accepted an invitation to speak at the annual congress of the FLNKS. He obtained a visa to New Caledonia from the French embassy in Port-Vila, which was subsequently revoked by French authorities, who declared that a man in Sopé's position speaking at a pro-independence congress in a French territory would constitute unacceptable interference in internal French affairs. Sopé was briefly detained at the airport in Nouméa. Vanuatu reacted by declaring the French ambassador to Vanuatu "persona non grata". France reacted in turn by reducing the aid it provided to Vanuatu. Relations were normalised in October. In 1984, the French ambassador was again expelled after protesting against Vanuatu's continued support for the FLNKS.
In 1986, Vanuatu campaigned for New Caledonia to be re-inscribed on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories. France responded with economic sanctions.
In 1987, Vanuatu opposed a referendum held in New Caledonia on the island group's political status, and delivered a petition to the French embassy in protest.
The nuclear issue.
In the 1980s, Vanuatu continuously condemned France's nuclear tests in French Polynesia. In 1985, the "Rainbow Warrior" was greeted and fêted by Lini's government in Port-Vila. Ni-Vanuatu official Charles Rara remained aboard to witness the vessel's protest trip to Mururoa, and shared a cabin with Fernando Pereira. Following the sinking of the "Rainbow Warrior" in Auckland, Lini openly accused France of having committed a "terrorist act".
The Matthew and Hunter Islands.
The Matthew and Hunter Islands were the cause of a maritime boundary dispute between Vanuatu and France (New Caledonia). They had been part of the New Hebrides until 1976, when France annexed them to New Caledonia instead. Lini's government rejected French sovereignty over the islands, and, in 1993, Lini travelled illegally to Hunter Island, where he plant the ni-Vanuatu flag. A French patrol vessel prevented him from reaching Matthew Island.
The dispute spilled over to Fiji when, in 1982, Fiji and New Caledonia signed an agreement on mutual recognition of their maritime boundaries, in which Fiji recognised French ownership of the Matthew and Hunter Islands. Vanuatu demanded that Fiji recognise ni-Vanuatu sovereignty over the islands, stating that failure to do so would "constitute a grave blow on peace, solidarity and stability in the region". Fiji did not revoke its signing of the agreement.
Compensation claim.
In 1981, Vanuatu requested that the United Kingdom and France pay compensation for damages caused by the secessionist movement on Espiritu Santo the previous year. France and Britain both delayed their responses, provoking diplomatic tensions when Vanuatu became increasingly insistent on the issue.
Accusations of French political interference.
In 1987, the ni-Vanuatu government accused France of having funded the electoral campaign of the francophone Opposition Union of Moderate Parties, in the lead-up to the 1987 general election. No proof was provided, and France denied any truth to the accusation, but Lini expelled the French ambassador for the third time. France reacted by cutting its aid from Vt 177,000,000 to Vt 1,900,000. Vanuatu responded in turn by expelling the remaining French diplomats in the country.
1988: ni-Vanuatu moves for normalisation.
In 1988, ni-Vanuatu President Ati George Sokomanu called upon the government to seek a normalisation of its relations with France, describing France as a "friend" of Vanuatu. Lini made a first move by cancelling the visa requirement for French nationals visiting Vanuatu. Lini subsequently wrote to French President François Mitterrand and Prime Minister Michel Rocard, congratulating them on a recent electoral victory and expressing his wish for an improvement in bilateral relations. Lini underlined the fact that the interruption of French aid had had a dire impact on the education and health sectors, and that a resumption of French aid was urgently needed.
Little was achieved in the short run, particularly when, that same year, Lini criticised the Matignon Accords in New Caledonia. Later, however, Lini declared publicly that his government would no longer speak on New Caledonian issues, and, in October, Foreign Affairs Minister Donald Kalpokas, addressing the United Nations General Assembly, unexpectedly praised "the wisdom, sensibility and courage of the current French government" in engaging in productive dialogue in New Caledonia. In June 1989, however, Radio Vanuatu, a State-owned radio, incorrectly accused French gendarmes of having murdered Jean-Marie Tjibaou and Yéwéné Yéwéné, an incident which prompted France to cut all aid to Vanuatu. During a visit to Suva in September, Rocard ignored Vanuatu altogether.
Later, however, Rocard met with Kalpokas to discuss a resumption of relations (and aid). Rocard demanded a written statement from Lini, describing the latter's position regarding France. Lini complied, and wrote that he was in agreement with France's policy in New Caledonia. In November 1989, Kalpokas became the first ever ni-Vanuatu Foreign Affairs Minister to pay a State visit to France. He re-iterated Vanuatu's support for the Matignon Accords, and soothed French concern over alleged discrimination against francophone ni-Vanuatu. Relations slowly began to improve.
In 1991, French academic Elise Huffer wrote that Lini had, "it seems, deliberately sought to provoke France so as to make it look responsible for all the archipelago's problems, and so as to justify a policy of submission (if not repression) of the indigenous francophone population".
Elections in 1991 saw Lini voted out of office, and the francophone, pro-French Union of Moderate Parties come to power, led by a new Prime Minister, Maxime Carlot Korman. The change in the ni-Vanuatu government heralded a normalisation of relations between Paris and Port-Vila.
1991: first francophone government.
Maxime Carlot Korman was the first francophone Prime Minister of Vanuatu. He "reversed country's unequivocal support for the Kanak National Liberation Front in New Caledonia its systematic enmity towards France". Francophones held power until 1998.
2000s.
In March 2008, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that Franco–ni-Vanuatu relations had "never been so good" as at present. At that time, France was Vanuatu's second largest aid provider, behind Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19793487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793487" title="William Edward Frost">
William Edward Frost

William Edward Frost (September 1810 – 4 June 1877) was an English painter of the Victorian era. Virtually alone among English artists in the middle Victorian period, he devoted his practice to the portrayal of the female nude.
Frost was educated in the schools of the Royal Academy, beginning in 1829; he established a reputation as a portrait painter before branching into historical and mythological subjects, including the sub-genre of fairy painting that was characteristic of Victorian art. In 1839 he won the Royal Academy's gold medal for his "Prometheus Bound," and in 1843 he won a prize in the Westminster Hall competition for his "Una Alarmed by Fauns" (a subject from Spenser's "The Faerie Queene"). He was elected an associate member of the Royal Academy in 1846, and a full member in 1870.
Frost is widely recognized as a follower of William Etty, who preceded him as the primary British painter of nudes in the second quarter of the nineteenth century. Despite the prudishness of the Victorian era, Frost's relatively chaste nudes were popular, and his career was financially successful.
"At their best Frost's works have a distinctive jewel-like charm, his attractive young women models possessing a pert, self-conscious quality which makes them more titillating than Etty's powerful studies..."

</doc>
<doc id="19793494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793494" title="Jim Nicholls">
Jim Nicholls

Jim Nicholls is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue and Rochdale.

</doc>
<doc id="19793498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793498" title="Clarenville Caribous">
Clarenville Caribous

The Clarenville Caribous are a senior ice hockey team based in Clarenville, Newfoundland and Labrador as part of the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League. The Caribous are two-time winning Herder Memorial Trophy Newfoundland and Labrador Senior Hockey Champions and 2011 Allan Cup National Senior "AAA" Hockey Champions.
History.
The Caribous broke into the WCSHL in 2006-2007, ending the season in last place with 18 points. However, in the very next season in 2007-2008 they shot past the other three teams, ending the season in first place with 30 points. They also went on to beat the Corner Brook Royals in the first round of the playoffs, only to be defeated by the Deer Lake Red Wings in the next. A very big improvement for one year.
The following season proved to be an even bigger improvement for the team. In the club's third year in the League, the 2008-2009 season, the team went to the playoffs to win against the Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts, and got revenge on the Deer Lake Red Wings, defeating them in the next round. The Caribous went on to play the Conception Bay North CeeBee Stars in the final, and won the series 4-1. Clarenville won the Herder Memorial Trophy for the first time in club history.
In the Summer of 2009, the Caribous applied for Sr. AAA status to compete in future Allan Cup National Championship events. After winning the 2010 WCSHL Championship, the Caribous took home their second straight Herder Memorial Trophy be beating CBN for the second year in a row, 4-1. The Caribous were winless (0-3) at the 2010 Allan Cup in Fort St. John, British Columbia.
In 2010-11, the Caribous went 14-10-0-0 for second place in the WCSHL. They were eliminated in the league semi-final by Deer Lake to end their hopes for a third straight league title and Herder Trophy. Again registered with Hockey Canada as Senior AAA, the Caribous traveled west to Kenora, Ontario to compete at the 2011 Allan Cup. The Caribous went undefeated (4-0), beating Alberta's Bentley Generals 5-3 in the final to win their first and Newfoundland and Labrador's second ever Allan Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19793499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793499" title="Catherine, Alabama">
Catherine, Alabama

Catherine is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 22.
Geography.
Catherine is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19793512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793512" title="Falling for a Dancer">
Falling for a Dancer

Falling For a Dancer is a 1998 romantic drama television movie set in rural Ireland in the 1930s. It first aired on BBC One in four 50-minute episodes on September 13, 1998.
Plot.
Nineteen-year-old Elizabeth has a brief fling with a dashing young actor and becomes pregnant. Community pressure forces her to marry a dull middle-aged man, but all may not be lost. 
It was filmed in West Cork on the southwest coast of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19793516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793516" title="Yuncheng County">
Yuncheng County

Yuncheng () is a county in the southwest of Shandong province, China, under the administration of Heze City. It borders the Yellow River and Henan (Taiqian County and Fan County) to the north, Liangshan County to the northeast, Jiaxiang County to the east, Juye County to the southeast, and Mudan District to the southwest, and Juancheng County to the west. It stretches from north to south and from east to west.

</doc>
<doc id="19793539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793539" title="Oscar Feltsman">
Oscar Feltsman

Oscar Borisovich Feltsman (; February 18, 1921 – February 3, 2013) was a Ukrainian-born Soviet/Russian composer, father of Vladimir Feltsman.
Biography.
Feltsman was born in Odessa, the son of Boris Osipovich Feltsman, an orthopedic surgeon who also played the piano professionally. He had musical training from the age of five; learning the violin as a pupil of Pyotr Stolyarsky and the piano with Bertha Reynbald, who also taught Emil Gilels and Tatiana Goldfarb. He produced his first musical composition for the piano "Autumn" when he was six years old.
Feltsman graduated from the Pyotr Stolyarsky Music School in Odessa in 1939, where he studied composition with the composer Nikolai Vilinsky. Then Feltsman was admitted to the Moscow Conservatory, studying under Vissarion Shebalin who wrote a letter of thanks on behalf of the Moscow Conservatory to Vilinsky for teaching Feltsman composition.
During the Second World War, Feltsman was evacuated to Novosibirsk, becoming at 20 the executive secretary of the Siberian Union of Composers, where he wrote music for the philharmonic, Leningrad Alexandrinsky Theater and the Jewish theater of Belarus. In the same period Feltsman wrote an operetta based on Valentin Kataev's play "Blue Scarf", which was criticised in the newspaper "Pravda". In 1941, Oscar Feltsman married Evgenia Kaydanovskaya a student of the choral conducting faculty of the Moscow Conservatory. He returned to Moscow from Novisibirsk in 1945.
Starting with musical comedies at the beginning of his career, Feltsman subsequently combined producing traditional classical music with writing music for circuses and children's variety shows. After around 1952 Feltsman started to write popular songs such as and later on produced a number of popular songs. The first of these was "Cruise" based on poems by B. Dragunsky and L. Davidovich and performed by Leonid Utyosov as well as "Convallarias" which was based on poetry by Olga Fadeeva.
In 1948, at the Operetta Theatre in Moscow his musical comedy "Air castle" was premiered and in 1952, were two further premieres - at the Operetta Theater "Suvorochka" and at the Stanislavsky Theater "Mediterranean Sea Make a Noise". Around this time Feltsman also began to write music for Circuses and children's's variety shows, staged by Natalia Sats. Also in 1952, Feltsman wrote his Violin Concerto in three parts. Thereafter he wrote a few songs - the first of these was "Cruise" based on poems by B. Dragunsky and L. Davidovich and performed by Leonid Utyosov. Feltsman subsequently went on to collaborate with a number of prominent Russian poets including Andrey Voznesensky, Rasul Gamzatov, Eugene Dolmatovsky, Mihail Matusovsky, I. Kohanovsky, Mark Lisyansky, Lev Oshanin, Robert Rozhdestvensky, V. Kharitonov, I. Shaferan, M. Tanich, V. Orlov, N. Olev, M. Ryabinin. His music has been performed by notable singers including L. Utesov, Mark Bernes, Vladimir Troshin, Joseph Kobzon, Muslim Magomaev, Edita Piekha, Eduard Khil, V. Tolkunova, Yuri Gulyaev, G. Ots, Lev Leshchenko, O. Anofriev, M. Pahomenko, & Leonid Serebrennikov.
His most popular song was "Convallarias", written in verse by Olga Fadeeva and sung by Gelena Velikanova at its première.
In 1973, Feltsman wrote music for the plays "Charley's Aunt", "The Old Houses" and "Let the Guitar Play". In the mid-1980s, Feltsman arranged concerts for the instrumental ensemble "The Lights of Moscow" with soloist Irina Allegrova before handing over to David Tuhmanov after two successful years.
In 1987, Feltsman wrote his vocal cycle "Songs of Bygone", based on Jewish folk songs and produced the book "Songs of Bygone"
In the late 1990s Feltsman wrote 12 songs based on poetry by Yuri Garin which was performed in Odessa to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the city.
Feltsman wrote a number of chamber works: "Ten romances on the poems of Inna Lisnyanskaya", "The cycle of romances on the poetry of Marina Tsvetaeva", "The cycle of songs on poems Hayyim Nahman Bialik".
He died, aged 91, in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19793556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793556" title="Zorro (1975 film)">
Zorro (1975 film)

Zorro is a 1975 Italian/French film based on the character created by Johnston McCulley. Directed by Duccio Tessari, it stars famous French actor Alain Delon as Zorro. The film is the only Zorro film to take place in South America, rather than the traditional California or Mexico. Made in Italy, the film has many spaghetti western elements to it.
Plot.
Diego de la Vega (Alain Delon) is about to return to Spain from the New World when he chances to meet his old friend, Miguel de la Serna. Miguel has just been appointed the new governor of Nuova Aragon after the death of his uncle, Don Fernando. Diego tries to warn Miguel that Nuova Aragon has been ruled by greed and hatred for many generations and that Miguel's uncle (who supposedly died of malaria) was probably murdered, but Miguel, who is consumed by pacifistic humanitarian ideals, will not listen. Later that same evening, Miguel is attacked by several men while walking outside the inn. Diego arrives and, with stunning swordplay, defeats the men and forces one of them to talk. The man says that Colonel Huerta (Stanley Baker) sent them to kill Miguel. Dying, Miguel agrees to let Diego go in his place, but makes him swear that "the new Governor will never kill." Diego reluctantly agrees.
Months later in Nuova Aragon, Colonel Huerta asks the council for complete control of the army and government. Just then, Diego (in disguise as de la Serna) arrives and announces that he is the new governor. He then meets Miguel's aunt, Carmen (Adriana Asti), who is little inclined to have any kind of familial relationship with her "nephew". He also meets Kapitan Fritz von Markel (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart), the head of the Governor's personal guard, and narrowly escapes an assassination attempt via a bowl of poisoned sweets (the former Governor's dog Assassin knocks the bowl over and some birds die after eating the candy).
Diego and Joaquin (Miguel's mute servant, replacing Bernardo) watch Huerta force his men through a grueling fencing practice; afterwards, Huerta slices through candles without disturbing them, showing off his skill. In response to the Governor's request for "personal safety", he appoints Sergeant Garcia (Moustache), an overweight soldier with more than a bit of an appetite, as the Governor's bodyguard. Later, in Diego's room, the dog Assassin shows Diego and Joaquin a secret passageway behind a bookshelf. In disguise, Diego and Joaquin roam the streets of Nuova Aragon, seeing how much the people have been cowed.
Two incidents attract Diego's attention: a group of boys causing mischief to corrupt merchants leaving behind a chalked "Z", and a monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people against Huerta's cruelty. After the monk is helped to evade capture by the soldiers by friendly townspeople, Diego and Joaquin question one of the boys, Chico. Although unwilling to talk at first, Chico is convinced to trust Diego and tells him about the legend of Zorro: "the spirit of the black fox. He's a great fighter and he always wins, he can never die." Bringing Brother Francisco's cart back to him, Diego, Joaquin and Chico witness Brother Francisco being arrested by the soldiers.
The next day, Brother Francisco has been unjustly sentenced to 20 lashes for fraud in selling rotten hides and slander against the merchant who has framed him. After a few lashes, Diego appears as Zorro, releases Brother Francisco and forces the soldiers to give "the corrupt judge, the lying witness, and the murdering executioner" three times the number of lashes Brother Francisco was sentenced to.
Diego, once again as Serna, comments on a portrait of Hortensia Pulido (Ottavia Piccolo) and is attracted to her. He is informed by Aunt Carmen that her family was once wealthy but now poor, a fact confirmed by Huerta who claims that the Pulidos were conspiring against the people of Nuova Aragon. Later in the town marketplace, Hortensia urges the people to rise up against the soldiers, saying that the scales the merchants use are rigged. Garcia shows up, ordering her to stop causing trouble and begins ridiculing Zorro. Suddenly Zorro appears and orders Garcia at sword-point to get on the scale, which shows that Garcia supposedly weighs "only 50 pounds." After Zorro toys with the clumsy Garcia at swords for some time, soldiers appear, but since Chico and some other boys have dumped their rifles down a well, they are forced to go after Zorro with swords. Naturally, following an athletic chase through the marketplace Zorro escapes, and Hortensia looks on with admiration.
Later, Hortensia returns to her home, where she finds Zorro waiting. Zorro and Hortensia talk for only a few moments before Huerta arrives. Hortensia urges Zorro to go, saying that she is afraid for him. Zorro leaves. Huerta arrives and tells his men to search the area. When Hortensia tells him that her parents aren't home, he decides to stay for a while. After Hortensia rejects Huerta's marriage proposal, he forcefully kisses her. At this, Zorro re-appears and (in a scene straight from McCulley's original story) forces Huerta to get on his knees and beg Hortensia's forgiveness. Huerta leaves in a huff, and Zorro and Hortensia share a romantic moment.
Aunt Carmen has decided to return to Spain (taking a fortune in jewels with her), escorted by Kapitan von Markel. Zorro and Joaquin, knowing that Huerta will certainly have his men rob the party in the guise of bandits, secretly follow. When the party makes camp for the night, the "bandits" attack, but von Markel (with some secret help from Zorro and Joaquin) fights back and drives them off, exciting the admiration (and passion!) of Carmen. The "bandits" escape with the treasure, but Zorro catches up with them and steals the jewels back.
Diego begins an elaborate scheme, first with a scroll note from the dog, then a ransacked dining room marked with Z's, to make it appear that Zorro is plotting to kill the Governor. After "de la Serna" takes to his bed in fear, Huerta informs Diego that he has the perfect plan to capture Zorro. He says his men will capture Hortensia, lock her in a cage and cart her around the plaza until Zorro comes to rescue her. Soldiers will be everywhere, so Zorro cannot escape. Zorro outwits them by going straight to Hortensia's cell at the prison and waiting for her to arrive. He rescues Hortensia, and stays behind to distract the guards. Zorro escapes, and overhears Huerta and Garcia. Huerta says that only one other person knew of the plan. He rides off to the governor's mansion, and Zorro manages to get back just before Huerta arrives. Huerta and Diego argue a bit about Zorro, and it is clear that Huerta is suspicious. Diego then offers himself to be bait for Zorro.
The next day, Diego and Garcia go on a fishing trip. Soldiers are surrounding the area. Joaquin shows up as Zorro, and almost all the soldiers follow him. Eluding the soldiers, Joaquin rides to Brother Francisco's mission. Brother Francisco informs the children of Zorro's plan, and sends them out to different areas dressed as Zorro as distractions to the soldiers. Diego pretends to go to the carriage for a nap, but reappears as the real Zorro, telling Garcia he has the governor at gunpoint, and will "wring his neck and have him stuffed and fed to the dog" if Garcia doesn't do what he tells him.
Garcia, with Zorro, arrives at a mine run by forced slave labor. He orders the guards to release them all, or else Zorro will kill the Governor. With Brother Francisco's help, the slaves are freed, and Zorro tells Garcia to leave. Hortensia arrives and tells Zorro that Huerta and the soldiers are coming. When Zorro leaves with the carriage, Hortensia holds onto the back to ride with him.
Huerta and his men give chase. Zorro stops the carriage long enough to order Hortensia to leave, saying that the people need her. He kisses her, Hortensia leaves, and then Zorro drives the carriage off a cliff into the ocean. Hortensia looks over in disbelief, and Huerta arrives. Huerta says that now Nuova Aragon will have a new governor (himself) and Hortensia, if her parents know what's best for them, will have a husband.
On the day of the wedding, Brother Francisco and civilians arrive at the church in protest. Huerta orders the guards to arrest him, but they are reluctant to do so. To everyone's surprise (except Chico), Zorro reappears unharmed. He battles soldiers on the roof of the church, while on the ground Kapitan von Markel assists the angry crowd in handling the soldiers. Huerta grabs a soldier's pistol and shoots Brother Francisco at point-blank range, killing him and causing a riot to break out. Huerta's armed soldiers settle the riot down, and Zorro, feeling that Brother Francisco's murder has released him from his promise to Miguel de la Serna, begins a final showdown and duel to the death with Huerta. The fight goes on for many minutes, going from the doorstep of the church to the inside. During the duel Zorro repeats Huerta's trick with the candles, only better—splitting one in half. Later on, Zorro falls out through a stained glass window and Huerta believes Zorro is dead. However, Zorro reappears in the darkness of the bell tower and the fight continues. In the meantime, the dog Assassin prevents Garcia from interfering, causing the fat sergeant to back into and fall down a well. On the roof, Huerta says that either he or Zorro must die. Zorro then says, "Well then...let it be the moment of truth." and unmasks himself. In a simultaneous lunge, Diego kills Huerta, causing him to fall from the roof. The crowd looks on stunned, then bursts into applause. Zorro then appears in a valley on his horse, and in romantic fashion, rides off. The tyrant is dead. Justice has triumphed. Long live Zorro!

</doc>
<doc id="19793580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793580" title="Snow Hill, Alabama">
Snow Hill, Alabama

Snow Hill is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. Snow Hill has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Snow Hill Normal and Industrial Institute.
Geography.
Snow Hill is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19793602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793602" title="Field Farm (Williamstown, Massachusetts)">
Field Farm (Williamstown, Massachusetts)

Field Farm is a nature preserve and former farm in Williamstown, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations. There are of hiking trails on the reservation, which pass by swamp land, a pond and the "Caves Lot" which features underground channels that water had cut into the limestone there. An International style farmhouse built in 1948 by Edwin Goodell is on site, as well as a guest house designed by Ulrich Franzen in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19793607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793607" title="Przesmyki">
Przesmyki

Przesmyki is a village located in Masovian Voivodeship, near Siedlce, eastern Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district Gmina Przesmyki. First church at Przesmyki was built in 1465, and burnt down by Swedish army in 1657. Present church is from 1776 and is recognized as one of the most valuable sacral monuments of Southern Podlasie region. 
Przesmyki is famous for its potato production and annual local feast called Dokopiny Ziemniaka, which takes place at the end of September. It is also known for its successful investments in infrastructure based on European Funds (especially broadband Internet for rural areas, modern environment-friendly solutions for energy reuse, individual sewage treatment plants - with several hundred installed on its territory, sport, etc.)
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19793611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793611" title="Antoine Peters">
Antoine Peters

Antoine Peters (born 1981) is a Dutch, Amsterdam based, fashion designer.
Life and career.
Peters graduated cum laude at the Art Academy in Arnhem, Netherlands, and then continued to study his Masters degree at the Fashion Institute, Arnhem. His graduation show took place at the Fashion Week in Paris in March 2006. Before launching his own design label, Peters worked at Viktor & Rolf, and the Dutch "Avantgarde" magazine.
Peters is known for his 'A Sweater For The World!' project; a two-person sweater, with the goal to photograph as many 'different kinds of people' as possible inside. These big series of pictures with a weird fun collection of people, shows one world with different kind of styles, ages, points of view, values, religions and imagination.
Peters shows his work at the Amsterdam International Fashionweek and has had exhibitions of his work in Amsterdam, New York, Paris and Arnhem. He presented collections with titles including 'I Will Never Wear A Sweater.', 'Le Petit Antoine.', 'Fat People Are Harder To Kidnap!' and 'To make An Elephant Out Of A Mosquito'
Recently, he launched 'Antoine Peters' Shirts', which attempts to deal with the problems of commercial practicalities faced by many young designers.
Peters also initiates and participates in projects such as the 'Killing Fashion' installation/collection for the Dutch Fashion Biennial, and was the conceptual director and designer of 'dancecostumes' and the 'happy burka'. He is a guest teacher at the Arnhem Academy of Art and Design.
Peters is included in the "100 New Fashion Designers" book by Hywel Davies. The book is an international snapshot of the contemporary fashion, and design scene and those individuals who play an integral role in it. Davies defines the new fashion generation and uncovers the world's best and most radical 100 new designers, who each are fulfilling important individual roles as innovators in the industry.
Peters' designs have been featured in magazines such as "Avantgarde", "Esquire", "Cosmopolitan", "Elegance", "Elle-girl", "Blend", "Sis", "AM magazine", "CODE", "No magazine", "Celebrity", "LinK", "Glamcult", "Columbus", "TeD", "Vice", "Viva" and "Blend".

</doc>
<doc id="19793624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793624" title="University of Washington Educational Outreach">
University of Washington Educational Outreach

University of Washington Educational Outreach (UWEO) is the continuing education and professional development unit of the University of Washington (UW), in Seattle, Washington. Founded in 1912, UW Educational Outreach was originally the branch of the university offering correspondence courses. Known today as UW Professional & Continuing Education, the unit provides wide-ranging programs for non-traditional and lifelong learning students, including in-person and online degree completion, online education, Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs), professional certificate programs and master's degrees, UW in the High School, UW Evening Degree Program, UW Summer Quarter, UW Summer Youth, UW International & English Language Programs, Osher Institute for Lifelong Learning at the UW, and conference services. The programs provided are fee-based and self-sustaining, and do not receive state funds for support.
Offices for University of Washington Educational Outreach (UWEO) are located in the University District of Seattle, Washington near the UW campus, housed primarily in the UW Tower. The University of Washington purchased what is now the UW Tower from Safeco in 2006. Programs include offerings at the main UW campus, at various locations in the Puget Sound region and online.
The organization is directed by Vice-Provost David Szatmary. Szatmary oversees a staff of approximately 250 engaged in the development and administration of the UW's various fee-based programs.
Programs.
UW Educational Outreach/UW Professional & Continuing Education also administers other fee-based programs, classes, and workshops, including:
Undergraduate evening degree program.
The UW Evening Degree Program administered by UW Educational Outreach offers four Bachelor of Arts undergraduate degrees through the and one Bachelor of Science degree through the School of Public Health and Community Medicine. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="19793661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793661" title="Thomson Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Thomson Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Thomson Avenue is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line in Springfield, Pennsylvania. It is officially located near Thomson Avenue & Sidman Drive. The platform and shed are located on the south side of Thomson Avenue.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining. This shed is a traditional "Red Arrow" shed located in an area that's both wooded and residential. Because of this, no parking is available at this station. Thomson Avenue climbs a hill on the west side of this stop as it prepares to terminate at Springfield Hospital on Sproul Road (PA 320), which has a stop of its own at Springfield Mall.

</doc>
<doc id="19793683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793683" title="Billy Bales">
Billy Bales

Raymond Arthur (Billy) Bales (born 6 June 1929 in Norwich, Norfolk, England) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider reached the final of Speedway World Championship in 1955.
Career.
Bales started his career with the Yarmouth Bloaters where he stayed until the start of 1950 when he was called up for National Service. On his return he joined his hometown club, the Norwich Stars and stayed there for thirteen consecutibve seasons. The Stars won the National Trophy twice in that time and Bales was selected to ride for England as well as qualifying for the World Final in 1955..
Norwich closed in 1964 so Bales was forced to move on. He was signed by the Sheffield Tigers and remained there until he retired in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19793693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793693" title="Lebed-class LCAC">
Lebed-class LCAC

The Kalmar class (Project 1206, NATO reporting name Lebed) are a class of medium-sized assault hovercraft designed for the Soviet Navy. The few remaining craft are operated by the Russian Navy. 
Designed by the design bureau wing of Almaz shipbuilding company early in the 1970s, production started in 1972 and continued until 1985 in plants at Leningrad and Theodosia.
Configuration.
The Lebed class is the Russian Navy equivalent to the U.S. Navy LCAC, though the U.S. version entered service seven years later. The Lebed class entered service in 1975, and by the early 1990s twenty had been produced. The ship has a bow ramp with a gun on the starboard side and the bridge to port. The Lebed class can be carried by the . The type began to be withdrawn following the fall of the Soviet Union, and by 2004 only three remained. Number 533 is in the Northern Fleet, while 639 and 640 took part in the Caspian Sea exercises of 2002.
Capacity.
Each hovercraft can carry up to 40 tons of cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19793706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793706" title="Kandmool">
Kandmool

Kandmool (Kan-thuh-mool) is a Hindi word for root vegetables. The vegetables are roots or tubers that grow below ground, for example, potatoes, sweet potatoes (tubers) carrots, radish, turnip (tap roots) etc. Potatoes are rich in carbohydrates and are used as staple diet in many countries. 
Indian context.
The vegetables like potatoes and sweet potatoes are considered rich energy source while being light to digest. This is the reason that many people consume them during fast. In the ancient times sages who used to live in forests or ashram in the search of divine truth or salvation used to survive only on kandmool.
There is a mythological legend that when Lord Ram (Prince of Ayodhya) was exiled to forests along with his wife Sita and brother Lakshman, the royal family used to live under a thatch roof and used to feed on kandmool. 
Among the root vegetables are also onions and garlics which many Brahmin families refrain from considering them Tamasik. Though like other root vegetables onions and garlics also have many medicinal values. People following Jainism also refrain from root vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="19793753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793753" title="The Glass Cell (novel)">
The Glass Cell (novel)

The Glass Cell (1964) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Plot summary.
A dark and disturbing novel about the effects of wrongful imprisonment, the story sees Philip Carter, a sweet natured and naïve young man sentenced to six years in jail for fraud, a crime he did not commit. Upon his release, those who knew him best are shocked by the complete change in his personality; the gentle man they once knew has become a violent, drug-abusing depressive, so much so that restoring his faith in humanity could prove a struggle.
Literary significance and reception.
Even now, over forty years after its initial publication, the themes of this novel are disconcertingly relevant. Highsmith employs strong overtones of Russian writers including Fyodor Dostoevsky, and the work was immensely well received by critics from across the spectrum.
A German film adaptation by the same name was nominated for the 51st Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film (1978).

</doc>
<doc id="19793755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793755" title="Schwingungen">
Schwingungen

Schwingungen is the second album by the Krautrock band Ash Ra Tempel. It was released in 1972 on Ohr. It has been re-released four times, most recently in 2011 on MG Art Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19793765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793765" title="West Toronto Collegiate Institute">
West Toronto Collegiate Institute

West Toronto Collegiate Institute (WTCI, West Toronto) is a former public high school in the Brockton Village neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada from 1972-2010. It is located at 330 Lansdowne Avenue, just north of College Street. It was previously owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board (TDSB) and its real estate division, Toronto Lands Corporation originally inherited by the former Toronto Board of Education before amalgamation. The TLC transferred ownership of West Toronto Collegiate Institute to Conseil scolaire Viamonde (CSV) and the Conseil scolaire de district catholique Centre-Sud (CSDCCS) in October 2011.
History.
West Toronto was constructed and opened in 1972 by the Toronto Board of Education. The school was built on the former southern section of MacGregor Park. The football field is the former location of a lumber yard. The construction of the school necessitated the closing of the section alongside the school of St. Helen's Avenue. The siding of the building on the east and west sides of the building is unique. It was installed as "raw" steel and allowed to rust to reach the intended brown colour, then preserved. The school was originally named in 1972, by its students as West Toronto Secondary School. This was subsequently changed.
The school, along with Monarch Park Collegiate, started its 'Steps to University' program to encourage the entry of high school students into university in 1992. Students could earn both high school and university credits in sociology while attending West Toronto. That September of the same year, an area mall began housing an area which served as the location of West Toronto Secondary's satellite campus for the co-operative education program and the re-entry program for older students at Brockton High School.
In July 2009, it was announced that the grade nine classes for the 2009-10 school year were cancelled due to a lack of students applying to the school. The school, facing a decline in enrollment since 2004, had to cancel programs and courses. The operation of the school and its programs then became the subject of a TDSB Accommodation Review Committee (ARC) review. In August 2009, George Brown College expressed interest in leasing a floor of the school.
On October 1, 2009, teacher Maria Campodonico was named the winner of the first-ever "Toronto Star Teacher Award." Campodonico came to Canada from Ecuador when she was 13. She later graduated from York and the University of Western Ontario's faculty of education, and was the president of the board of directors of the Spanish-Speaking Education Network for four months. When she arrived at West Toronto in 2005, she started implementing what would become an award-winning breakfast program after seeing the number of kids who went hungry. She knocked on the doors of local businesses, including local supermarkets, soliciting food and donations. It also became a vehicle for teens to start collecting perishable items to send to impoverished nations.
The Accommodation Review Committee recommended in November 2009 the permanent closure of West Toronto Collegiate effective August 31, 2010. The committee further recommended that the building remain in the possession of the school board for education purposes. West Toronto students transferred to other schools for the 2010-11 school year and the site was transferred to Toronto Land Corporation for sale. The TLC transferred ownership of West Toronto Collegiate Institute to Conseil scolaire Viamonde and the Conseil scolaire de district catholique Centre-Sud (CSDCCS) in October 2011. The school boards paid $20.5 million for the property. 
The building re-opened in September 2012, as two schools, shared by the two French boards, as École secondaire catholique Saint-Frère-André and École secondaire Toronto Ouest. Renovations removed the swimming pool. The TDSB uses some floor space on the third floor.
Programming.
West Toronto offered grades nine through 12. When first opened in 1972, West Toronto opened with grades nine through eleven and added grades twelve and thirteen in following years. Grade thirteen graduation led to an Ontario Secondary Schools Honours Diploma. Grade thirteen was dropped Ontario-wide.
Special Programs:
West T.O. had 20 sports teams, including basketball, football, soccer, swim team and volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="19793772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793772" title="Movie... In Your Face">
Movie... In Your Face

Movie... In Your Face is a 1990 comedy film, mostly consisting of a redubbed Hong Kong movie.
In the style of movies like "What's Up, Tiger Lily?", this movie was "produced" by replacing the original sound track of a 1984 Hong Kong movie — "Ma hou pao" or "Crazy Kung Fu Master" — with an English language sound track written to make the movie into a feature-length farce. Stand-up comic Tommy Sledge narrates the movie in his usual "hard-boiled detective" persona.
Plot.
A group of Japanese gangsters overrun a movie studio to decide whether or not they want to buy it; before they can, however, they have to wait until after the studio's elderly owner dies.
Availability.
This movie has been released on VHS videocassette, but not on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19793785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793785" title="Fork Factory Brook">
Fork Factory Brook

Fork Factory Brook is a 135 acre (55 ha) historic site, open space reserve, and agricultural reserve located in Medfield, Massachusetts. The reserve, managed by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, is notable for its wetlands, ledges, 300 year old hayfields, and ruins of a 19th-century pitchfork mill for which the property is named. Fork Factory Brook offers of trails and former woods roads available for hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, and cross country skiing. The property is a spur link in the Bay Circuit Trail system and is part of a larger area of protected open space including the abutting Rocky Woods preserve, also managed by The Trustees of Reservations.
Terrain and History.
Hayfields on the property formerly belonged to Long Acre Farm, whose agricultural history spanned 300 years. The farm grew crops and maintained livestock;produced rope from hemp, flax, and wool; made butter and cheese; and produced candles and boots with animal byproducts. Fields on the property are currently maintained to produce hay.
A succession of mills were operated on the property, beginning in 1771 when Joshua Morse built a grist mill along Mill Brook. Henry Partridge bought two mills on Mill Brook in the early 19th century and modified them to produce high quality iron products. Partridge capitalized on local farming interests by producing metal farm implements, most notably the pitchfork for which the property is named. The mills ran for twenty years after which they saw a brief revival as a paper cutting enterprise near the end of the American Civil War. In 1927 the mills, defunct at the time, were torn down when the town widened its main street; only the stone raceway and earthen dam remain; they are located at the south end of the Fork Factory Brook reservation.
The original acreage was a gift of Pliny Jewell, Jr. and Mrs. Barrett Williams in 1966 in memory of their parents. Additional lands were purchased and donated in 1978 and 1985.
Recreation.
A network of trails span the property and connect with the abutting Rocky Woods reservation. Trails pass along the borders of hayfields and the wetlands of Mill Brook, over rocky knolls, and to the pitchfork mill ruins. Fork Factory Brook shares and trailhead with Rocky Woods, located on Hartford Road in Medfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19793802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793802" title="Ashover Butts railway station">
Ashover Butts railway station

Ashover Butts railway station was a railway station serving the village of Ashover in Derbyshire, England. It was the terminus of the narrow gauge Ashover Light Railway.
History.
After an order under the Light Railways Act that had been obtained in 1918 to build a standard gauge railway between the Midland Railway station at Stretton and Ashover, was not proceeded with because the cost was too high, in 1920 Colonel H. F. Stephens proposed building the railway to gauge. Construction started in 1922 and the railway opened to goods traffic in 1924. The formal opening to passenger traffic took place in March 1925. Although the line was successful at first, road competition traffic decline and all passenger services were withdrawn in 1936.
The mineral traffic continued until the quarry closed with the railway closed in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19793829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793829" title="Arctic Institute of North America">
Arctic Institute of North America

The Arctic Institute of North America is a multi-disciplinary research institute and educational organization located in the University of Calgary. It is mandated to study the North American and circumpolar Arctic in the areas of natural science, social science, arts and the humanities. In addition, it acquires, preserves and disseminates information on environmental, physical, and social conditions in the North. The institute was created in 1945 by a Canadian Act of Parliament as a non-profit membership organization, and also incorporated in the State of New York.
History.
The idea of the institute began in the early 1940s when a group of Canadians discussed ways that Canada could increase administrative, scientific and technical expertise in the Arctic. By 1944, a binational organization that included Canada and the United States, with room for Greenland, Newfoundland, and Labrador was established. Offices were opened at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Geophysicst Lawrence Gould was selected as acting director, replaced in 1945 by Lincoln Washburn. The initial budget was $10,000.
One of the most important programs of the AINA was to establish a library. In 1955, there were over a 1,000 acquisitions. In 1961, there were over 4,800 volumes and 476 serials. There were 7,500 volumes in 1966. Another notable program was the 1948 launch of the journal "Arctic" which published three issues annually until 1951, after which it became a quarterly publication.
In 1975, the institute moved to the University of Calgary where it has remained.
Dr. Karla Jessen Williamson became its first woman and first Inuit Executive Director in 2000.
ASTIS database.
This database is produced by the Arctic Institute of North America. The focus of the Arctic Science and Technology Information System (ASTIS) database is references for publications and research projects about northern Canada. It contains 70,000 records. Geographic subject coverage encompasses the three territories, the northern parts of seven provinces and the adjacent marine areas. Format coverage includes abstracts, indexed subject terms, geographic terms, and links to 16,000 online publications.
Academic journal.
The Arctic Institute of North America publishes a peer reviewed, scientific journal, entitled ""Arctic"". The journal publishes scholarly articles, book reviews, and notable people on all topics related to the polar and subpolar regions of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19793863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793863" title="Toral Lie algebra">
Toral Lie algebra

In mathematics, a toral Lie algebra is a Lie subalgebra of a general linear Lie algebra all of whose elements are diagonalizable (or semisimple). Equivalently, a Lie algebra is toral if it contains no nonzero nilpotent elements. Every toral Lie algebra is abelian; thus, its elements are simultaneously diagonalizable.
Semisimple and reductive Lie algebras.
A subalgebra "H" of a semisimple Lie algebra "L" is called toral if the adjoint representation of "H" on "L", "ad"("H")⊂"gl"("L") is a toral Lie algebra. A maximal toral Lie subalgebra of a finite-dimensional semisimple Lie algebra, or more generally of a finite-dimensional reductive Lie algebra, over an algebraically closed field of characteristic 0 is a Cartan subalgebra and vice versa. In particular, a maximal toral Lie subalgebra in this setting is self-normalizing, coincides with its centralizer, and the Killing form of "L" restricted to "H" is nondegenerate.
For more general Lie algebras, a Cartan algebra may differ from a maximal toral algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="19793865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793865" title="Ackerville, Alabama">
Ackerville, Alabama

Ackerville is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. Ackerville has one site included on the National Register of Historic Places, the Ackerville Baptist Church of Christ.
Geography.
Ackerville is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19793907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793907" title="Andrea McEwan">
Andrea McEwan

Andrea McEwan (born 9 October 1978) is an Australian actress, singer, musician and songwriter.
Life.
After attending MacRobertson Girls' High School in Melbourne, McEwan started acting, appearing in several television series including "Ocean Girl" and "Funky Squad". In 1991 she was nominated for a Gladys Moncrieff Award for "Outstanding New Talent" by the Music Theatre Guild of Victoria after her performance in "Annie". McEwan has also appeared several times in the soap opera "Neighbours". Her first role as Sonia came in 1989, then in 1991 she played Sarah Livingston, this was followed by Nicole Cahill in 1995. She played Penny Watts in 2002.
In 2000, McEwan studied at NIDA where she completed a Bachelor's degree in dramatic arts. McEwan moved to the United Kingdom in the 2000s and in 2005 she appeared in "Coronation Street" where she played Lisa Ditchfield.
After moving to the UK, McEwan started singing and song writing professionally and in 2006 was signed to Mike Batt's Dramatico record label. In 2007, McEwan collaborated with Katie Melua, writing lyrics for "What I Miss About You" and "Dirty Dice" which appeared on Melua's third album, "Pictures".
Andrea toured the UK in late 2008 supporting Katie Melua. The eleven UK arena shows began on 29 October at Nottingham Arena and concluded on 11 November at the Brighton Centre.
In 2008 she released a three track E.P., "Candle in a Chatroom" featuring the songs "Candle in a Chatroom", "Black Socks in the Wash" and "Fast Train". She released the second single (called "Alibi") at the beginning of April.
Her debut album "Rental Property" released at end of May 2009 by Dramatico Entertainment Ltd.
Now she is living in Berlin and haves her own blog called "Berlin Love Story" talking about her new life at this European capital.

</doc>
<doc id="19793919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793919" title="Tex &amp; the Horseheads">
Tex &amp; the Horseheads

Tex & the Horseheads is an American punk rock band, which emerged in the Los Angeles punk subculture of the early-1980s. Their original run was from 1980 to 1986, and during this time they enjoyed a sizeable cult following. The band has since reunited, as of 2007, and tours the Los Angeles area sporadically.
Biography.
Tex & the Horseheads are often cited as among the first bands to play "cowpunk." The sound of Tex & the Horseheads, and correspondingly the sound of cowpunk, is characterized by a fusion of classic-styled country-and-Western music and street-tough LA punk bands.
Tex & the Horseheads set themselves apart by appropriating aesthetical and fashion elements from deathrock bands like Burning Image, 45 Grave, and Christian Death. Tex & the Horseheads' members include: Texacala Jones, Mike Martt, Gregory "Smog" Boaz and David "Rock" Thum. Jeffrey Lee Pierce, of The Gun Club, was an original member of the group and was highly influential in both supporting the formation of the group and promoting the band.
Tex and the Horseheads released two records, a self-titled record in 1984 and "Life's So Cool", produced by X and Flesh Eaters member John Doe, in 1985. A live album, titled "Tot Ziens; Live in Holland", was released by Enigma Records in 1986.
Their songs dealt with themes of heartbreak, love, drug and alcohol dependency, grief, loss, and financial difficulty—all a testament to their destitute roll-and-tumble lifestyle, as well as Texacala's real-life struggles with alcohol and heroin in the latter half of the 1980s.
Member appearances in film.
During the Horseheads’ heyday, Tex appeared in a few small movie roles, including "Border Radio" (1987), a gritty, Super-8 trailer-park dramedy starring Flesh Eaters frontman Chris D, where she played a ditzy babysitter; "Du-Beat-eo" (1984), a comic-slop pseudo-documentary about the LA punk scene, starring Joan Jett and Stephen (Café Flesh) Sayadian’s weirdo 1989 remake of "Dr. Caligari", where she played a mental patient in a frightwig and a straight jacket. Tex also appeared in the 1985 film, "The Boys Next Door", as the member of a street band.
Collaborations.
Until disappearing from the Los Angeles music scene in the 1990s, Texacala performed with all-girl cowpunk group, the Screaming Sirens. In the late 1980s, Texacala participated in an all women's performance troupe of LA scene-makers, The Ringling Sisters, whose members all fronted Los Angeles based bands. Members of the group included Pleasant Gehman (Screamin' Sirens), Iris Berry (Lame Flames), Debbie Dexter (Devil Squares), Debbie Patino (Raszebrae) and Johnette Napolitano (Concrete Blonde). Tex's role in The Ringling Sisters involved performing as a story teller and back-up singer.
Texacala recorded a solo record in 1998, and subsequently toured extensively with a backing band the TJ Hookers, as well as fronting Texorcist and working with Los Platos.
Reunion.
In 2007, Tex And The Horseheads reunited and played shows around the LA area. Texacala has since moved to Austin, Texas and has remained active in music there.
Future plans.
Texacala has stated that she plans to write a book detailing her experiences as a musician. She has also stated that she plans to "Have some new songs coming out on itunes and plan on putting them all on cd soon for the website I'm working on. I want to make as many of my recordings available as possible, posters, flyers and everything good and fun."

</doc>
<doc id="19793947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793947" title="Bluemont Hall">
Bluemont Hall

Bluemont Hall is a building on the Kansas State University campus. The building was constructed in 1981, and was named after the original Blue Mont Central College. Bluemont hall is the location for the College of Education and Psychology department. This building includes modern research facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19793955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793955" title="Andrew Thomas Kearney">
Andrew Thomas Kearney

Andrew Thomas Kearney (1892–1962) was the founder of A.T. Kearney, one of the world's oldest management consulting firms.
Information.
Andrew Thomas Kearney joined James O. McKinsey's firm 3 years after it was founded in 1926. Andrew Thomas Kearney was McKinsey's first partner and head of its first office in Chicago. At the time, McKinsey & Company was one of the few firms that focused on management consulting for top level executives rather than specialized consulting in areas such as accounting or law.
In 1937 James O. McKinsey died unexpectedly at the age of 48 due to pneumonia. While the company continued to operate as before, Andrew Thomas Kearney and the remaining partners disagreed over how to run the firm. In 1939, the company was split. Andrew Thomas Kearney continued to operate the Chicago office, renaming the firm McKinsey and Kearney. Marvin Bower, the head of the New York office, continued the practice in New York and retained the rights to the name McKinsey & Company in all areas other than the Midwest. In 1947, Bower purchased the exclusive rights to the name McKinsey & Company from Tom Kearney, who renamed his firm A.T. Kearney & Associates.
In 1961, Tom Kearney retired and James Phelan became the managing partner of the firm. Tom Kearney, died on January 11, 1962.
According to Andrew Thomas Kearney, "Our success as consultants will depend upon the "essential rightness" of the advice we give and our capacity for convincing those in authority that it is good."

</doc>
<doc id="19793977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793977" title="Emile Riachi">
Emile Riachi

Emile Riachi (born 1926 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a renowned orthopaedic surgeon in Lebanon.
Biography.
Riachi graduated from the "Faculté Francaise de Médecine" in Beirut in 1950 as MD and then moved to Chicago to specialize in Orthopaedic Surgery at Cook County Hospital with Professor Hampar Kelikian.
Back to Lebanon in 1954, Riachi founded the first service of Orthopaedic Surgery and Traumatology in the Middle-East, within Beirut's St George Hospital.
Emile Riachi is the founder and first President of the Lebanese Orthopaedic Association.
He is also a founding member of the SOFCOT, the French Orthopaedic Association.
In 1960, Emile Riachi, founded the Lebanese Ski Federation and became its first President until 1996. "Ski au Liban - histoire et evolution - Lebanese Ski Federation". Under his leadership, Lebanon has become a destination for high level ski champions. From 1962 until 1975 when the civil war in Lebanon erupted, the famous championships known as "Semaine Internationale de Ski au Liban" attracted the best champions from alpine countries.
He also was one of the pioneers who founded Faraya Mzaar Kfardebian, Lebanon's most famous ski resort.

</doc>
<doc id="19793983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19793983" title="The Granny">
The Granny

The Granny is a 1995 American horror comedy directed by Luca Bercovici and co-written by Bercovici and Sam Bernard. The film stars Stella Stevens as a grandmother who comes back from her grave to seek revenge on her greedy family. After a limited release at drive-in theaters, the film was printed directly to VHS video format. Noted by collectors of modern B-movies for its poor script and amateur acting, "The Granny" has been called "one of the finer pieces of trash".
Synopsis.
The family of a wealthy woman named Anastasia "Granny" Gargoli (Stella Stevens) wants her to die so they can inherit her insurance. Granny is given an eternal life potion by a mysterious preacher Namon Ami (Luca Bercovici). Although the preacher admonishes her not to take it in sunlight, Granny ignores him and drinks it in broad daylight. She melts into nothing, but arises from a grave as a vampire-like monster. Granny starts killing her family to prevent them from inheriting her fortune. It is up to Kelly (Shannon Whirry) and Amy (Samantha Hendricks) to stop the blood hungry, vampire-like granny.
Music.
The film score was composed by Kendall Schmidt. The film also featured the song "Hard Feelings" by the heavy rock band Blackthorn from their album "Afterlife".
Rating.
Initially the film was to be given NC-17, but eventually was rated R for violence and gore, crude sexuality and language.

</doc>
<doc id="19794047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794047" title="Norwegian parliamentary election, 1909">
Norwegian parliamentary election, 1909

Parliamentary elections were held in Norway between 2 and 25 October 1909, with a second round held between 18 October and 11 November. The result was a victory for the alliance of the Conservative Party and the Liberal Left Party, which won 64 of the 123 seats in the Storting.

</doc>
<doc id="19794055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794055" title="Samuel Hunt">
Samuel Hunt

Sam or Samuel Hunt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19794111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794111" title="Tsaplya-class LCAC">
Tsaplya-class LCAC

The Tsaplya class LCAC (Project 1206.1, Murena) was a medium size assault hovercraft operated by the Russian Navy.
Configuration.
These crafts are a lengthened version of the Lebed class LCAC hovercraft, which is the Russian Navy equivalent to the U.S. Navy LCAC. They were also meant to replace the smaller Gus class LCAC. The prototype was built at Feodosiya and entered service in 1982. The second was completed in 1987. By the early 1990s ten ships had been produced. Like the Lebed they could be transported by the Ivan Rogov class assault transport. The ships had a bow ramp with a gun on the starboard side and the bridge to port. They were more heavily armed than the Lebed class and were probably used as patrol craft in addition to troop and equipment transport duties. The Tsaplya class was built for Border Guards service along the Amur and Ussuri River borders with China, and all served in the Amur/Ussuri River Flotilla. The type began to be withdrawn following the fall of the Soviet Union. Three ships have been scrapped, and by 1995 none were observed to be operational.

</doc>
<doc id="19794115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794115" title="Dokopiny Ziemniaka">
Dokopiny Ziemniaka

Dokopiny Ziemniaka is an annual local feast of Gmina Przesmyki that takes place at the end of September. 

</doc>
<doc id="19794119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794119" title="Peter Francis">
Peter Francis

Peter Francis or Pete Francis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19794140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794140" title="Ruud Kuijten">
Ruud Kuijten

Ruud Kuijten (born 7 October 1973 in Nuenen, Netherlands) is a male right-handed badminton player from Belgium. He has won several Belgian National Badminton Championships and participated for his country in Olympic Games.
Biography.
Born in the Netherlands, Kuijten changed his nationality later in his life to Belgian. For his new home nation, Kuijten took part in the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19794171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794171" title="Fiji–France relations">
Fiji–France relations

Fiji–France relations refer to bilateral relations between France and Fiji. France has an embassy in Suva, but Fiji has no diplomatic representation in France. Relations are currently strained, due to France's condemnation of the coup d'état in Fiji in December 2006.
Previously, relations had primarily been centred on military cooperation, with France assisting Fiji in surveilling its maritime zone, and on development aid. French military assistance was suspended after the coup. 
History.
In 1983, Fiji and France signed a treaty that set out the maritime boundary between Fiji and New Caledonia and the maritime boundary between Fiji and Wallis and Futuna.
In 2000, the French Government condemned the 2000 Fijian coup d'état.
French assistance.
In 2004, France was the first foreign state to offer assistance to Fiji, sending naval aircraft from the nearby islands of New Caledonia taking part in efforts to locate several fishermen lost at sea.
French aid to Fiji includes the providing of equipment for poor and isolated areas. 
France promotes French culture and the French language by encouraging the teaching of French in schools and at the University of the South Pacific. 

</doc>
<doc id="19794176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794176" title="14 inch gun">
14 inch gun

14 inch gun may refer to a number of 14 inch (355.6 mm) caliber naval guns of the 1900s - 1940s:

</doc>
<doc id="19794187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794187" title="Ashperton railway station">
Ashperton railway station

Ashperton railway station was a railway station serving the village of Ashperton in Herefordshire, England. It was located on what is now known as the Cotswold Line.
History.
Opened by the Worcester and Hereford Railway, it became part of the West Midland Railway then was absorbed by the Great Western Railway. The station then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways
on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Trains on the Cotswold Line pass the site. Geograph [http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/948657]

</doc>
<doc id="19794214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794214" title="Taiji Rouliqiu">
Taiji Rouliqiu

Taiji Rouliqiu (chin. 太極白龍球/太极白龙球, Tàijí Rou Li qiú, 太極柔力球/太极柔力球,) Tàijí Róulìqiú, is a modern kind of internal martial art originating from China which follows the principles of Taijiquan in its philosophy and in the motion. One practices with a specially designed racket and ball in the multi-player or single player mode. Taiji Rouliqiu connects the practitioners thoughts and feelings to the movements. It is also called Taiji Bailong Ball or Tai chi softball.
The equipment can be used for solo and Multiplay.
With the Taiji Rouliqiu one uses a special Racket covered with a rubber surface and practices with a specially designed ball filled with sand.
If one performs Taiji Rouliqiu as a single player (Solo-play), the ball with the Racket is led circling and without interruption around itself. The movements resemble and follow the principles of elementary Taiji movements. The ball is therefore led by skillful holistic body movements, internal focus and different flexible hand techniques. The movements can be choreographed to music as dance form or like the forms of the Taijiquan.
Another possibility is as a multi player game. In these variants similarities with tennis or racket ball. Taiji Rouliqiu differs however in a substantial principle from tennis. The ball is not back played by linear striking to the fellow player, but diffused first, by accepting it with the Racket in its flight path accompanying. Subsequently, the momentum used around the ball in a dynamic to direct circular movement back toward the fellow players. If one would like to thus move the ball, then this happens through pulling, leads: to lead and redirect.
In Europe championships, where it is known as Taiji Bailong Ball, it is presented in the following disciplines: Soloplay as warming up form, standard form and Freestyle; Multiplay against each other single or doubles, and Multiplay with one another.
Tai Chi Rouliqiu was created based on the principle of Yin & Yang. It emphasises exercising every joint and muscle in the body, and has become increasingly popular among the senior people at parks and public places in China. It is easy and fun to play and is recognized as an effective exercise to prevent illness and cure shoulder, back and joint problems

</doc>
<doc id="19794223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794223" title="Museum board">
Museum board

Museum board is a type of paperboard. Specifically, it is a white, acid free cardboard that bends fairly easily in one direction but is fairly stiff in the other, due to the grain of the paper fibers.

</doc>
<doc id="19794234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794234" title="Lister d">
Lister d

The Lister D is a 1 1/2 hp stationary engine built between 1926-1964 by R A Lister and Company of Dursley. It is popular with newcomers to the stationary engine hobby and can be purchased un-restored for as little as £50.
The engines were used to power water pumps, generators, cement mixers and much more. They had a chain drive magneto, either the Lucas SR1, the Lucas RS1 or a M-l MK1(shaft driven and early chain driven), and an Amal float bowl. In 1911 The engines were made in 1 hp, 1.5 hp, 2 hp and 2.5 hp versions. The engine was a 4 stroke poppet valve engine, and, surprisingly, has overhead valves, instead of side valves and a simple centrifugal governing system.
Throughout the years of production, the engine changed very little. The fuel tank was moved from halfway up the engine to the top, and the shaft-drive magneto was replaced by a chain-driven unit in the early 1930s. D's were originally painted mid Brunswick green, but some World War II engines were painted in olive drab. A paraffin-fuelled engine was also available, called the Lister DK. It had two separate tanks, one for paraffin, and another for petrol. The engine was started on petrol, but could cut over to paraffin by means of a 3-way tap.
The engine used clockwise rotation as a standard, but some counter-clockwise engines were produced. While they were a very sturdy, reliable engine, they did have a few flaws, one of which was that the water tap poured water over the oil filler. This was easily corrected by the use of a rubber pipe.
The engine in the early days was a rival to the Ruston Hornsby PB, the Bamford EV1, the short-lived Fowler P series, and the Petter A1, and replaced the Lister H, which was of a similar output.

</doc>
<doc id="19794238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794238" title="Garo, Colorado">
Garo, Colorado

Garo, Colorado is a former settlement in South Park in Colorado, in Park County. The now ghost town is about five miles north of Hartsel and seven miles south of Fairplay on Colorado Highway 9, at an elevation of . 
The community was named after its founder, the area ranchers Marie Guiraud, and for her late husband, Louis Adolfe Guiraud, both natives of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19794278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794278" title="Nice and Blue (Pt. Two)">
Nice and Blue (Pt. Two)

mewithoutYou's Nice and Blue (pt. Two) 7" vinyl was released in the UK on Strange Addiction Records on September 24, 2007. It features the song "Nice and Blue (Pt. 2)" from the mewithoutYou album "Brother, Sister", released worldwide in October, 2006. The B-Side is a demo of the song "In A Sweater Poorly Knit" from the mewithoutYou album "Brother, Sister".

</doc>
<doc id="19794311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794311" title="2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series">
2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series

The 2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series began on February 14, 2009 at Daytona International Speedway with the Camping World 300. The season concluded on November 21, 2009 at Homestead-Miami Speedway with the Ford 300. With 25 top-five finishes, Kyle Busch was the season champion. He finished 210 points clear of Carl Edwards and 318 ahead of Brad Keselowski.
Double-File Restarts.
Before the start of the season, NASCAR changed restart rules regarding the final moments of all races in the Sprint Cup, Nationwide Series and Camping World Truck Series. Previously, when the race was inside the final ten laps, all cars/trucks on the lead lap were in a single-file restart in that window. As of the 2009 season, the window changed to the final 20 laps. The "lucky dog"/"free pass" rule was still be eliminated in the last ten laps of a race. This rule will not matter starting at the July Daytona race, with the addition of "Double-File Restarts Shootout Style."
After being successful in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, NASCAR will implement a double-file restart system starting at the July Daytona race. The entire field will line up double-file, much like the start of the race at every restart. The leaders and other lead lap cars are now in front always when taking the green flag. Cars who choose to stay out and not pit during a caution flag who are in front of the leaders are now waved-around to restart (double file) at the back of the field. The lucky dog/free pass rule is now in effect the entire distance of the race, and the double-file restarts are for every restart, including green-whie-checkered finishes. The only reason cars do not line up double-file in the order they are position wise on the leaderboard is if they are serving a penalty (in most cases, for pit road violations). The leader of the race also has the option of selecting which lane, inside or outside, to restart in, however, the 3rd place car (and 5th, 7th, and so on) will always restart on the inside.
Schedule.
♣ – Race will run at night, or start in the late afternoon, and finish at night.
Bold Italics – Indicates current or next race.
2009 season races.
"See List of 2009 NASCAR races for a complete list and schedule of the 2009 season races."
Camping World 300.
Danny O'Quinn Jr and Mike Harmon, who finished 23rd and 29th, suffered a 25 point penalty while John Wes Townsley, who finished 21st, suffered a 100 point penalty all for unapproved adjustments on their cars. 
Nashville 300.
The Nashville 300 was held on April 11, 2009 at Nashville Superspeedway. Joey Logano won his 2nd career NNS race. 1992 series champion Joe Nemechek took a wild ride after contact with several cars and flipped once. The car was fine, and he drove it around the track a few times before being black-flagged.
Bashas' Supermarket 200.
Failed to qualify: Andy Ponstein (#02), Kenny Hendrick (#42), Mike Harmon (#84), Dennis Setzer (#96).
Aaron's 312.
David Ragan edged out Ryan Newman by .030 of a second for his first win in any of NASCAR's three top-tier series. Matt Kenseth had a scary wreck in which he flipped 3 times on the backstretch. The defending Daytona 500 champion was uninjured, though.
Federated Auto Parts 300.
The Federated Auto Parts 300 was dominated by Kyle Busch. This was his first win in Nashville. The victory made news as Kyle smashed the trophy – a custom painted Gibson guitar – in victory lane.
Camping World RV Sales 200 Presented by Turtle Wax.
The Camping World RV Sales 200 Presented by Turtle Wax was held June 27 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. Joey Logano won the pole for the third straight race he attempted. Kyle Busch won the race.
NAPA Auto Parts 200 presented by Dodge.
All practice and qualifying was done in the wet using rain tires. The final 16 laps of the race were also run under wet conditions using rain tires. For the third consecutive year, Marcos Ambrose dominated the race, but he blew the final corner by jumping over the curb too high, giving Edwards the win. Ambrose also won the pole.
Kroger on Track for the Cure 250.
Justin Allgaier got his first Nationwide career pole. Kyle Busch nudged Brad Keselowski on the final turn but Keselowski held on and won the race at Memphis Motorsports Park. Both Mark Green and Shelby Howard, who finished 12th, suffered 25 point penalties for unapproved adjustments on their cars. 
O'Reilly Challenge.
Kyle Busch suffered a 25 point penalty for an unapproved adjustment found on his car. 
Able Body Labor 200.
Denny Hamlin won the pole with a new track record. Carl Edwards won the race.
Ford 300.
Carl Edwards won the pole. Kyle Busch won the race and the championship. Denny Hamlin also spun Brad Keselowski earlier in the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19794318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794318" title="When You Come Back to Me (Edyta Górniak song)">
When You Come Back to Me (Edyta Górniak song)

"When You Come Back To Me" is the first single from Edyta Górniak's second album Edyta. This song reached number 3 position on MTV Asia.
Background.
The song was written by Christopher Paul Pelcer, Nicol Smith and Robert White Johnson and produced by Christopher Neil.
The single was released in Poland, Belgium and Sweden. Maxi single includes "Coming Back To Love", which was initially released as a bonus track on Japanese edition of the album.
Music video.
The music video for "When You Come Back To Me" was shot in the Queen's House of the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London by British director Tim MacMillan. It made its world premiere on 6 October 1997 on Polish TV.
The video includes scenes of Edyta Górniak in the Great Hall of the Queen's House and Edyta re-enacting the role of Audrey Hepburn in the movie Breakfast at Tiffany's.
There are two versions of the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="19794332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794332" title="Hector Charles Bywater">
Hector Charles Bywater

Hector Charles Bywater (21 October 1884 in London - 16 or 17 August 1940 in London) was a British journalist and military writer.
Biography.
Bywater was the second son of a middle class Welshman. The family had emigrated into the United States in 1901. At age of 19 he started part-time job writing naval articles for the "New York Herald" and later was sent as foreign correspondent to London. There he became a naval spy for Britain. Naturally gifted with languages, he could pass for a native German. In 1915, he was sent back to America to investigate suspicious activity on New York's docks and averted an attempted German bombing. Years later, he returned to London to analyze naval data and documents.
In his 1921 book "Sea-power in the Pacific : a study of the American-Japanese naval problem", he predicted naval conflict between Imperial Japan and the United States and expanded the topic further in 1925 book "The Great Pacific War". Here Bywater correctly predicted many actions of the Japanese and the Americans, including the Japanese drive to win the "Decisive Battle" and the US island-hopping campaign.
Contrary to popular belief, neither book predicted an aerial attack on Pearl Harbor. Instead he predicted that the aerial attack would occur in US colonized Philippines, then having the largest concentration of US naval vessels in the Pacific.
H.C. Bywater died just over a year before the attack on Pearl Harbor. He died of "undetermined causes" according to the hospital coroner's report, but no autopsy was ever performed. After WWII many military leaders in both the Allied Powers and Imperial Japan confirmed that Bywater's "The Great Pacific War" was a key resource book in planning military strategy during the war. To this day WWII first edition printings of the book in either English and Japanese are highly sought after by collectors.

</doc>
<doc id="19794338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794338" title="Patrick County High School">
Patrick County High School

Patrick County High School is a comprehensive public high school in Stuart, Virginia, USA. The school currently enrolls over 1,000 students in grades 8–12. It is the only public high school operated by the Patrick County Public Schools. The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools along with the Virginia Department of Education.
Students who graduate from Stuart Elementary, Hardin Reynolds Memorial, Woolwine Elementary, Blue Ridge Elementary, and Meadows of Dan Elementary matriculate into Patrick County High School.
Opening in 1970 after a county-wide consolidation of schools, Patrick County High School is located approximately one mile south of the town of Stuart in Patrick County, Virginia.
Principals of Patrick County High School.
In 2009, Bradshaw was named the Outstanding High School Principal of Virginia by the Virginia Association of Secondary School Principals (VASSP)
History.
Patrick County High School represents the first and only consolidated school of secondary education in Patrick County. Conceived in the mid-1960s, the school opened its doors to students for the first time in August 1970. With James K. Hiatt as principal, the first senior class graduated in early June of the following year.
The school has undergone a number of structural upgrades through the years, but other than the addition of a practice gymnasium, no major additions will be added until 2010. There is a plan in effect to restructure the entire front side of the school, increasing the number of classrooms, building a new main office, and providing new areas for several of the fine arts programs. This will be the largest improvement the school has seen since it was first built almost 40 years ago.
Distinguished Patrick Countian and Distinguished Service Award.
Beginning in 1975, the Student Council Association (SCA) began awarding the Distinguished Patrick Countian Award to a member of the community, and has done so every year since. In 1993, the SCA started giving a second award, the Outstanding Community Service Award. 
The committee to determine these recipients is chaired by the treasurer of the SCA for the academic year. The committee is made up of the executive council of the SCA. In 2003, the committee announced that the Outstanding Community Service Award would henceforth be titled the Distinguished Service Award. 
A school-wide ceremony is held in the spring of each year to recognize the recipients and is often attended by past recipients and other members of the community. The Distinguished Patrick Countian Award is considered the highest honor a citizen of Patrick County can receive. 
Past recipients have included Judge John Dillard Hooker, Nannie Ruth Cooper Terry, Algie Spencer, Annie Hylton, Winifred Roberson, Dr. Stewart Roberson, Bill Pons, Ella Sue Joyce, Joseph H. Vipperman Jr., and Ronald D. Haley. Haley is the only recipient to have won both the Distinguished Patrick Countian Award (2007) and the Distinguished Service Award (1993).
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Award include Clyde Crissman, D. Philip Plaster, Dr. Richard Cole, and Thomas Rakes.
Athletics.
Known as the Cougars, Patrick County High School boasts 16 varsity sports teams. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, football, golf, soccer, tennis, track and field, and wrestling. Women's sports include basketball, cheerleading, cross country, soccer, softball, track and field, and volleyball. 
With their colors of green and gold, the Cougars compete in the AA Piedmont District of AA Region IV of the Virginia High School League (VHSL). District opponents include the Bassett High School Bengals, Magna Vista High School Warriors, Martinsville High School Bulldogs, and Tunstall High School Trojans. Other local rivals include neighboring Floyd County High School Buffaloes and Carroll County High School Cavaliers.
The Cougars have found success in every sport at some point. Most recently, football, women's basketball, men's tennis, softball, women's cross country and wrestling have produced both individual and team championships within the last five years. 
Patrick County Varsity Football
The Cougar varsity football team has remained winless over the last 3 seasons, including 2010, 2011, and 2012. The team has lost every game of the last 30 in which they have competed. 
Athletic Facilities
The Patrick County Cougars are known for having excellent facilities and continue to improve on them year after year with strong support from the community. John D. Hooker Field, the home to Patrick County's football and soccer teams received new stadium seating on both sidelines in the last five years. With new seating on the visitor sidelines also came the demolition of the old pressbox. A small structure was constructed on the sideline that houses more restrooms and some storage. The school is scheduled to install a new scoreboard in the near future as well. 
The school's gymnasium received new seating in 1999. An addition was made in the late 1990s as well. A practice gym was built adjacent to the game gymnasium, and an improved weight room and wrestling room was added as well. Before the 2009-2010 academic year began, the gymnasium underwent minor upgrades which included new athletic flooring, wall mats, and paint scheme for the walls.Upgrades to coaches offices and locker rooms are planned as a phase project which is scheduled to be completed in 2011. The baseball field underwent an a major overhaul in 2004 and 2005, just as the softball facilities did before that. The track and field facilities will leave John D. Hooker Field in 2009 and be moved to the practice field behind the school. The tennis courts were refurbished in 2004.
The Pride of Patrick County.
Patrick County has an award-winning marching band, known as the "Pride of Patrick County." The band was first established by long standing band director and athletic director, Bill Pons. Pons helped Patrick County become known as one of the best high school bands in the state, a reputation which continues today as the program is still highly regarded. The band season is built around several traveling competitions and one home competition, known as the Celebration of Pride. 2013 will mark the 27th consecutive year of the event, making it one of the longest held competitions in Virginia. 
Past Directors Include:
Bill Pons: 1970-1994,
Kevin Lewis: 1995-1997,
Larry Coleman: 1998-2003,
Glen Gray: 2004-2005,
Joshua Follweiler: 2006,
Lynn Stegall: 2007-2012,
Francis Stover: 2013-Current
The Pride of Patrick County is now entering the 43rd year as a competitive marching band, and is composed of approximately 80-100 students each year. The band routinely competes in Group 3 competition, where they have placed first in class in the majority of competitions, have been named Grand Champion on numerous occasions, and has a colorguard that has placed first in class in approximately 90% of all competitions entered. The 2013 show is entitled "The Power of One." 
School Songs
Patrick County's fight song is to the tune of "Across the Field," made famous by the Ohio State University Buckeyes. The song is played by the marching band at athletic contests and at pep-rallies.
The school's alma mater was written in 1993 by Frank Greenwalt, and scored by Mike Milam. The song is titled "Hail Patrick County!" 

</doc>
<doc id="19794342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794342" title="France–Kiribati relations">
France–Kiribati relations

France–Kiribati relations refers to foreign relations between the France and Kiribati.
The two countries maintain official diplomatic relations, but no diplomatic presence on each other's territory; the French embassy in Suva is accredited to Kiribati.
History.
In 1995, Kiribati briefly suspended its diplomatic relations with France in protest against French nuclear tests at Mururoa in French Polynesia.
France provides aid to Kiribati in various forms. French aid enabled the opening on nine school classes on Maiana in the early 2000s, and France also recently assisted Kiribati in evaluating its remaining phosphate resources on Banaba.
French exports to Kiribati were worth € 24 million in 2002.
Kiribati also allows French vessels to fish in its waters.
I-Kiribati President Anote Tong paid a State visit to Paris in June 2006 to attend a France-Oceania multilateral summit. The summit aimed at "strengthening French-Pacific relations and regional cooperation" in economic, political, environmental and security fields.

</doc>
<doc id="19794354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794354" title="Robert Kolendowicz">
Robert Kolendowicz

National team.
Kolendowicz has made one appearance for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19794396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794396" title="Willow River, British Columbia">
Willow River, British Columbia

Willow River is a community located on the Canadian National Railway northeast of Prince George, British Columbia.
Via Rail's Jasper – Prince Rupert train calls at the Willow River railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19794446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794446" title="Currituck Banks North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve">
Currituck Banks North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve

Currituck Banks North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve is a component site of the North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve on the Currituck Banks, north of Corolla, North Carolina. The reserve is an example of a low-salinity estuarine ecosystem, and contains a variety of habitats, including beach, sand dunes, grasslands, shrub thicket, maritime forest, brackish and freshwater marshes, tidal flats, and subtidal soft bottoms. The reserve is accessible by land and by water, but there is no boat launch.
The reserve was described in the Boston Globe as being among the coast's most beautiful nature preserves; the review noted that the reserve and surrounding area is nearly empty of people during the off-season.
The reserve is home to a wealth of birds and fish, including commercial and game fish species. The reserve allows hunting (with a registration form required), and is also listed as an eBird hotspot for birdwatching.

</doc>
<doc id="19794460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794460" title="Stacy Szymaszek">
Stacy Szymaszek

Stacy Szymaszek (born July 17, 1969 in Milwaukee, WI) is a poet and the author of the books "Emptied of All Ships" (Litmus Press, 2005) and "Hyperglossia" (Litmus Press, 2009), as well as numerous chapbooks of poetry, including "Orizaba: A Voyage with Hart Crane" (Faux Press, 2008), "Stacy S.: Autoportraits" (OMG, 2008), " from Hyperglossia" (Belladonna Books, 2005), and "Mutual Aid" (g o n g press, 2004). From 1999 to 2005, she worked at Woodland Pattern Book Center in Milwaukee's Riverwest neighborhood. Szymaszek and Drew Kunz edited the literary journal "Traverse" from 1999 to 2004. In 2005 she moved to New York City where she is the current Artistic Director of the Poetry Project at St. Mark's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19794470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794470" title="Yongping">
Yongping

Yongping may refer to the following places in China:

</doc>
<doc id="19794474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794474" title="Yunlong">
Yunlong

Yunlong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19794485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794485" title="Qajars (tribe)">
Qajars (tribe)

The Qajars (also spelled Kadjars, Kajars, Kadzhars, Cadzhars, Cadjars and so on) are a Turkic Oghuz tribe who lived variously, with other tribes, in the area that is now Armenia, Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran. They are considered as a branch of the Azerbaijanis. In the 17th and 18th centuries the Kajars resisted the Safavids and settled the Karabakh Khanate. In 1794, a Kajar chieftain, Agha Mohammed, founded the Qajar dynasty which replaced the Zand dynasty in Iran. In the 1980s the Kajar population exceeded 15,000 people, most of whom lived in Iran.
A branch, known as the Kadzhar, lived in Russian Armenia in the 19th century and likely earlier. In 1873 they numbered 5,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19794518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794518" title="National Union of Students of Saudi Arabia">
National Union of Students of Saudi Arabia

The National Union of Students of Saudi Arabia was founded in 1977. The organization was banned in Saudi Arabia, and functioned in exile in Syria. NUSSA held consultative membership in the International Union of Students.

</doc>
<doc id="19794528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794528" title="MTI College">
MTI College

MTI College is a private community-based institution serving Sacramento since 1965. Its mission is to prepare students with the knowledge, skills, and confidence necessary for pursuing successful careers in the fields of information technology, law, business, health care, and cosmetology. The college is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), an institutional accrediting body recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation and the U.S. Department of Education.
MTI offers a Paralegal program, which is ABA approved.

</doc>
<doc id="19794535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794535" title="Free-market health care">
Free-market health care

Free-market health care is a health care proposal in which all health care is bought and sold without government regulation, oversight, approval and licensing. Proponents state that this system increase health care quality and lower medical insurance costs. They contend that systems like single-payer health care and publicly funded health care result in higher costs, inefficiency, longer waiting times for care, denial of care to some, and overall mismanagement.
Skeptics argue that health care as an unregulated commodity invokes market failures not present with government regulation and that selling health care as a commodity leads to both unfair and inefficient systems with poorer individuals being unable to afford preventive care. It has also been contended that such a system is inherently selfish, and leads to unnecessary death.
Positions.
Free-market health care advocates assert that:
Laws requiring prescriptions for drugs increase the cost of health care by forcing individuals to seek permission from state-sanctioned physicians to purchase drugs.
Debates and arguments.
Critics of a free market based system such as Eben Harrell of "Time" argue that the evidence is that in the United Kingdom, which operates a truly socialized health care system, many health outcomes are as good as and sometimes better than in the US where health care has a much lower involvement by government. They concede that the U.S. ranks better on some criteria such as cancer mortality rates. They also argue based on the fact that the cost of health care in the UK is $2,500 per annum compared to $6,000 per annum in the US, although people in the US with comprehensive medical insurance can face shorter waiting lists. Dr. Arthur Kellermann, Associate Dean for health policy at Emory University, has stated that allocating health care by ability to pay rather than by anticipated medical benefits in the US makes its system more unproductive, with poor people avoiding preventive care and eventually using expensive emergency treatment.
John Stossel, an investigative reporter and a supporter of an unbundled commodity system, has remarked that "Insurance invites waste. That's a reason health care costs so much, and is often so consumer-unfriendly. In the few areas where there are free markets in health care -- such as cosmetic medicine and Lasik eye surgery -- customer service is great, and prices continue to drop." Republican Senator and medical doctor Tom Coburn has stated that the healthcare system in Switzerland should serve as a model for U.S. reform. He wrote for "New York Sun" that reform should involve a market-based method transferring health care tax benefits to individuals rather than employers as well as giving individuals extra tax credits to afford more coverage.
Movements.
The health freedom movement supports free choice in health care. The libertarian Ludwig von Mises Institute argues in favor of deregulation of the medical profession and health care sector. Some activists are politically left-wing, whilst the Republican congressman and 2008 U.S. presidential candidate Ron Paul, who supports a free-market health care system, calls himself a free market libertarian. A leading supporter of the movement, Paul introduced the Health Freedom Protection Act in the U.S. Congress in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19794554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794554" title="Wyers Ice Shelf">
Wyers Ice Shelf

Wyers Ice Shelf is a small Antarctic ice shelf located on the east side of the base of Sakellari Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="19794565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794565" title="Serge Teyssot-Gay">
Serge Teyssot-Gay

Serge Teyssot-Gay (born on 16 May 1963, in Saint-Étienne, Loire) has been the guitarist of French rock group Noir Désir until November 29, 2010. He met the frontman of the band, Bertrand Cantat, at their school in Bordeaux (Lycée Saint-Genès) during the 1980s. Aside from Noir Désir, his other musical endeavours include :
At the beginning of his music career, Serge favoured the use of the Gibson Les Paul guitar. However, since the release of Noir Désir's 1996 album 666.667 Club, a custom Fender Stratocaster closely resembling the Lite Ash model has become his most frequently used guitar. His brand new one is a Meloduende model "Black Sword".

</doc>
<doc id="19794612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794612" title="Duchess (disambiguation)">
Duchess (disambiguation)

Duchess is a rank of nobility, the female equivalent of Duke.
Duchess may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19794614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794614" title="Wensley Christoph">
Wensley Christoph

Wensley Christoph (born December 9, 1984 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese football player. He is capped for Suriname's national team. Christoph has played for Suriname in qualifying matches for the 2006 and 2010 World Cups. In the 2010 qualifying campaign, he was Suriname's top goalscorer with five goals. He currently plays club football for SV Excelsior in Suriname.

</doc>
<doc id="19794670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794670" title="William Baker (British politician)">
William Baker (British politician)

Sir William Baker (5 November 1705 – 23 January 1770) was an English businessman and politician.

</doc>
<doc id="19794672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794672" title="2008 Super League season results">
2008 Super League season results

This article details the 2008 Super League season results. From February to October 2008, a total of 162 games were played by twelve teams over 27 regular rounds, in addition to six games played during the play-off series. The season culminated with the Grand Final on 4 October.
Regular season.
All teams were required to play each team twice, once home and once away, as well as their Millennium Magic fixture, and four more fixtures decided by their league position at the end of the 2007 season.
Play-offs.
The 2008 Super League championship was decided through a play-off system, in which the participants were included according to their league position at the end of 27 regular rounds. The play-off system had no bearing on the minor premiership (otherwise known as the League Leader's Shield).
Format.
Super League XIII followed the top-six play-off system. It was the seventh year in a row the format had been applied, as well as being the final year before the play-offs were expanded in the 2009 season. Places were granted to the top six teams in the Super League XIII table. Following the final round of matches on the weekend of 5–7 September, all six play-off teams were set (in order of finishing place):
Home field advantage was given by league position at the end of regular rounds, with the lower of the two teams playing at the higher team's ground. The only exception to this was the Grand Final, which was played at Old Trafford following tradition. The top-six system followed double elimination rules for the first and second placed team, meaning whichever of the teams lost in the qualifying semi-final had to lose again before being knocked-out of the play-offs entirely.
Details.
Note A: Wigan Warriors vs Bradford Bulls was played at Stobart Stadium Halton due to the JJB Stadium being unavailable due to an association football fixture taking place the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="19794678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794678" title="Pavel Sitko">
Pavel Sitko

Pavel Valeryevich Sitko (; ; born 17 December 1985 in Rechytsa) is a Belarusian footballer who plays as a midfielder at club level for Gomel and also for the Belarus national team. Sitko scored his first goal for the national team against England in Minsk on 15 October 2008, in a World Cup qualifier. In March 2011, Sitko earned a recall to the national side for two matches - a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier against Albania and a friendly match versus Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19794702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794702" title="Richard Alden">
Richard Alden

Richard Alden is the President of TOA Technologies Europe. Previously, he was the Chief Executive Officer of ONO, the largest cable television operator in Spain. He joined ONO prior to its launch in early 1998 and helped oversee the development of the business from inception to a company now serving over 1,9 million customers taking some 3,5 million services.
Richard is a worked in the cable industry for over 12 years, previously in the United Kingdom and Canada with Le Groupe Videotron. He is a UK Chartered Accountant.

</doc>
<doc id="19794765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794765" title="Sherri Kraham">
Sherri Kraham

Sherri Kraham is the Deputy Vice President for Policy and International Relations at the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC). She was born and reared in Coral Springs, Florida where she attended Coral Springs High School. She holds a Political Science bachelor’s degree from Florida Atlantic University, and in 1999, Kraham received an International Business and Trade certificate and law degree from George Mason University School of Law. She is a member of the Virginia Bar Association. Sherri lives in Washington DC with her husband Qubad Talabani. This is totally out of date! She hasn't worked at MCC in years and she lives somewhere in Iraq now! This article should be deleted!

</doc>
<doc id="19794766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794766" title="International Journal of Circumpolar Health">
International Journal of Circumpolar Health

The International Journal of Circumpolar Health is a scholarly periodical concentrating on health issues of indigenous peoples in Arctic and Antarctic environments. Its disciplines include biomedical sciences, social sciences, and humanities. It is published by the International Association of Circumpolar Health Publishers, with headquarters in Oulu, Finland. The target audience includes researchers, policy makers, and practitioners.
Overview.
During the initial period, 1972-1983, the publication was called "Nordic Council for Arctic Medical Research Report", of which there were 36 volumes. From 1984-1996, the new name was "Arctic Medical Research" that included volumes 37-55. In 1997, volume 56 was issued under the current name, "International Journal of Circumpolar Health", manifesting a new and broader scope. Beginning with Volume 72 in 2012, IJCH moved to an online only Open Access format in partnership with Co-Action Publishing AB of Stockholm. Articles are published ongoing as they are ready for publication, and supplemental issues and special clusters of articles are also published.
The International Association of Circumpolar Health Publishers includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19794767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794767" title="France–Papua New Guinea relations">
France–Papua New Guinea relations

France – Papua New Guinea relations refer to foreign relations between France and Papua New Guinea. Official diplomatic relations were established in 1976. France has an embassy in Port Moresby but Papua New Guinea has no diplomatic representation in France. Papua New Guinea's embassy in Brussels covers France.
History.
In 1768, French explorer Louis-Antoine de Bougainville landed at what is now Papua New Guinea during his circumnavigation of the world. He gave his name to an island just to the east of New Guinea.
In the 1870s and 1880s, the Marquis de Rays, a French nobleman, attempted to establish a French colony on New Ireland called New France. He sent four ill-fated expeditions to the island, the most famous of which caused the death of 123 settlers. 
In 1980, the new state of Vanuatu, formerly the New Hebrides, which had just that year declared independence from France, quelled an uprising with the help of forces from Papua New Guinea. Throughout the 1980s, Papua New Guinea remained highly critical of France due to France's commitment to testing nuclear explosions in the South Pacific. Papua New Guinea co-sponsored with Australia and New Zealand a scientific study of the Moruroa atoll in 1983, but distanced itself from the report when the results concluded that health and environmental risks from nuclear testing were negligible.
Modern relations.
Papua New Guinea took part in the second France-Oceania Summit held in Paris in June 2006. Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare opened the session on the political stability of Oceania. Sir Michael also visited Nouméa in April 2005, and "expressed interest in increased cooperation with the French overseas community of New Caledonia". The French government describes this cooperation as "progressing slowly", while noting that "the framework agreement for fisheries cooperation between PNG and New Caledonia which came into effect on 15 October 2002 has not led to more substantial cooperation at this point".
In November 2007, Papua New Guinea's Oro Province was struck by cyclone Guba, and France provided humanitarian aid in the form of medicine, water purification products, food and clothing for victims with the assistance of the Armed Forces of New Caledonia (FANC) and in the context of the FRANZ agreement.
Papua New Guinea is a member of the United Nations' Special Committee on Decolonization. The French government has noted what it calls Port Moresby's "moderate" attitude on the issue of the decolonisation of New Caledonia - which, like Papua New Guinea, is located in Melanesia. The French National Assembly maintains a Friendship Group with Papua New Guinea.
Economic relations.
Economic relations are minimal. In 2003, French exports to Papua New Guinea were worth €2 million, accounting for just 0.3% of the country's imports.
Military cooperation.
The Armed Forces of New Caledonia (FANC) cooperate with the Papua New Guinea Defence Force through joint exercises. In May 2005, a joint exercise was conducted. Brigadier General Gilles Robert, Superior Commander of the Armed Forces of New Caledonia, conducted a mission in PNG from 3 to 6 October 2006. 
A plan for bilateral cooperation between the FANC and PNG’s defense forces was approved in November 2004, centered around training for peacekeeping operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19794768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794768" title="Artemisia michauxiana">
Artemisia michauxiana

Artemisia michauxiana is a species of wormwood known by the common names Michaux's wormwood and lemon sagewort. 
It is native to western North America from Yukon to California to Colorado, where it grows in mountain talus habitats in subalpine to alpine climates. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb with green, lemon-scented foliage. The plant grows up to a meter tall with several erect branches. The leaves are divided into many narrow segments which are hairless or lightly hairy and bear yellowish resin glands. The inflorescence is a spike up to 15 centimeters long full of clusters of small flower heads. Each head is lined with rough purplish green, glandular phyllaries and generally contains pale pistillate and disc florets. The fruit is a tiny hairless achene.

</doc>
<doc id="19794775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794775" title="Mudcat">
Mudcat

Mudcat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19794801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794801" title="Mário Bližňák">
Mário Bližňák

Mário Bližňák (born March 6, 1987) is a Slovak professional ice hockey center who currently plays with HC Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League. He previously played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). After playing in the Slovak Extraliga, Bližňák was selected by the Canucks in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft, and moved to North America, joining the Vancouver Giants of the major junior Western Hockey League (WHL) in 2005. Bližňák played three seasons with the Giants, helping them win the Memorial Cup, the national championship for major junior hockey in Canada, in 2007, before joining the Moose in 2008. He is best known as a defensive forward.
Playing career.
Bližňák began playing junior hockey in his native Slovakia with Dubnica Spartak HC's under-18 and junior teams. After appearing in 19 games with Dubnica's senior team of the Slovak Extraliga as a seventeen-year-old in 2004–05, he was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the seventh round, 205th overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Bližňák was also drafted that off-season 27th overall by the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League in the 2005 CHL Import Draft. He subsequently moved to North America to continue to play junior for the Giants. 
In three seasons with the Giants, Bližňák helped the club to a WHL championship as part of a 21-point rookie campaign in 2005–06 and a Memorial Cup championship in 2007. Following his Memorial Cup victory with the Giants, he signed his first NHL contract with the Canucks. Bližňák returned to the Giants the following season and posted a WHL career-high 51 points in 67 games as an overager.
Graduating from junior, he was assigned by the Canucks to their AHL affiliate, the Manitoba Moose, for the 2008–09 season. Playing alongside linemate and veteran team captain Mike Keane most of the season, he recorded 7 goals and 16 points in 64 games, second among team rookies. Bližňák and the Moose made it to the Calder Cup finals that season, but lost to the Hershey Bears in six games. Bližňák scored the lone goal for the Moose in the decisive game six. Bližňák earned his first NHL call-up with the Canucks the following season in 2009–10 on October 30, 2009, after an injury to fellow Moose call-up Alexandre Bolduc. He played two games with the Canucks before being sent back to rejoin the Moose, where he recorded 13 goals and 28 points over 76 games. His +7 rating ranked first on the Moose. He also added three points in six post-season games as the Moose were eliminated in the first round by the Hamilton Bulldogs.
After becoming a restricted free agent in the off-season, he re-signed with the Canucks to a one-year contract on August 4, 2010. He started the 2010–11 season with the Moose, appearing in thirteen games and scoring four points, before the Canucks recalled him on November 10, 2010. One day after the call up to the Canucks, Bližňák scored his first NHL career goal against Ottawa Senators goaltender Pascal Leclaire on a one-timer pass from winger Tanner Glass. The Canucks won the game 6-2. He played in four games with the Canucks before being returned to the AHL, where he finished the regular season with 11 goals and 27 points over 74 games. During the 2011 playoffs, he added a goal and an assist over 14 games, helping the Moose to the second round, where they were eliminated by the Hamilton Bulldogs. The Canucks chose not to renew his contract in the off-season as he was not given a qualifying offer.
International play.
Bližňák played for Slovakia in the 2007 World Junior Championships. He tallied 1 goal in 6 games as Slovakia failed to advance from the preliminaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19794868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794868" title="South Waratah Colliery">
South Waratah Colliery

The South Waratah Colliery was a coal mine located at Kotara South, in New South Wales Australia.
The Waratah Coal Company was formed in 1862 to work a tunnel colliery at Waratah, which was served by a privately owned railway line running to the Hunter River at a location that was to be known as Port Waratah. By 1873 the coal reserves at the tunnel mine at Waratah were becoming exhausted so the Waratah Coal Company purchased an area of land near what would be known as Charlestown. Sinking of a shaft on this land soon commenced, with this shaft being initially known as the "Raspberry Gully Pit" and latter known as "Charles' Pit". To serve this new colliery a colliery branch line, known as the Gully Line or Raspberry Gully Line was laid from the existing line to the Waratah tunnel mines near the crossing of the Lambton Colliery line, to the Colliery. Construction of this new line commenced in January 1874 and an act of Parliament was obtained to allow the construction of railway branch lines to the new shaft at Raspberry Gully and a new tunnel mine at Waratah.
By March 1874 the Raspberry Gully shaft had yet to strike the aimed for "Borehole Seam" of coal, so the directors of the Waratah Coal Company decided to sink a shaft closer to existing working collieries where the seam was known to exist and was being worked. This shaft was adjacent to the route of the railway line being constructed to the Raspberry Gully mine, and was known as "Stuart's Pit". Work on this colliery stopped soon after the Borehole seam was struck as the coal seam was only 0.431m thick.
With the failure of "Stuart's Pit" all the plant from this mine was relocated to the Raspberry Gully mine. By July 1876 the railway line had reached the boundary of the mine. The Borehole seam had finally been struck at the Raspberry Gully mine but had also been proven to be too thin, with the seam being only 0.838m thick at the shafts. During sinking a 3.2m thick seam of coal had been struck at a depth of 81.3m, a decision was made to work this seam which as known as the "Gully Seam" instead.
A town of grew from the influx of miners from the mine to the south and was named after Charles Smith, the manager of the Waratah Coal Company in the 1870s, and became known as Charlestown.
In 1886 the main shaft was sunk to the Borehole seam and another shaft was also sunk to the Borehole seam at Flaggy Creek which was located approximately 1 mile to the east. The Borehole seam at Flaggy Creek was 10ft thick, however due to unsuitable ground conditions at the surface the Waratah Coal Company was unable to construct railway sidings & loading facilities at this site so a 2120 yard long underground tunnel was driven between the Flaggy Creek shaft & Charles' Pit. Soon after this Charles' Pit was officially opened with a special train being run to the colliery on 25 November 1887.
During a strike at the mine in 1888, eight houses were built in Charlestown for strike breakers. The houses became known as "Scab Row". During a confrontation with strike breakers, Alfred Edden, president of the Waratah colliery lodge was arrested. He later became member for the electoral district of Kahibah in 1894.
Due to the high cost of driving the tunnel between Charles' Pit & the Flaggy Creek shaft due to the coal being too thin to work for two thirds of its length caused the Waratah Coal Company to have financial difficulties and in October 1893 the Waratah Coal Company was placed into liquidation. A new company named "The Waratah Coal Company, Limited" was formed to take over the operations of the original Waratah company. However by 1897 this new company was taken over by the "Caledonian Coal Company Limited".
In 1901 mining recommenced in the Victoria Tunnel seam which was located above the Borehole seam. Both the Borehole & Victoria Tunnel seams were then worked until 1906 when working of the Borehole seam ceased. The Borehole seam workings were abandoned in 1912 and the fan at the Flaggy Creek shaft was stopped as this shaft only served the Borehole seam workings.
In 1952 a drift was sunk to the Wavehill seam in a hill to the west of the existing shafts. This drift was known as Waratah Colliery No.2 drift and was a mechanised mine using Mavour & Coulson coal cutters, Joy 14BU loaders & Joy battery operated shuttle cars. The shuttle cars loaded the coal onto a conveyor belt which transported the coal to a new set of screens & loading point close to the original screens. No.2 drift was closed on 19 May 1961 after working out all economic coal reserves.
In 1956 a drift was sunk to the Victoria Tunnel seam to the north of the existing shafts. This drift was known as Waratah North Colliery (No.3 drift). Similar to No.2 drift this was a mechanised mine & was worked using similar equipment. The coal won from this drift was moved by a conveyor belt to a newly constructed screens & loading point. With the opening of Waratah North coal haulage from the shafts ceased & the shafts were then only used for ventilation & a second means of egress from the mine. Waratah North closed on 20 June 1960.
In 1959 a 'Acco Jig' coal preparation plant was constructed to wash the coal produced at Waratah Colliery. The coal from Nos.2 & 3 drifts was loaded into railway coal wagons at their screens & then ran to a dump hopper at the preparation plant where the coal was emptied & ran through the preparation plant. The coal was then reloaded into wagons for transport.
In 1959 a drift was sunk to South West of the existing shafts, this drift was known as Waratah Colliery No.4 Drift. This drift was driven to the Wave Hill seam above the existing Victoria Tunnel seam workings, and once it had passed the previously mined section of the Victoria Tunnel seam a drift was then sunk to the virgin area of the Victoria Tunnel seam. No.4 Drift was a mechanised mine similar to Nos.2 & 3 drifts & was worked using similar equipment. The coal was delivered directly by conveyor belt to the new coal preparation plant where it was loaded into wagons after washing.
The colliery was closed in 1961 and demolished in 1969.
Lake Macquarie City Council has created a short heritage trail depicting a brief history of the former Waratah Colliery and rail corridor which carried coal from the mine to Port Waratah, with interpretative signage located along a multi-use pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="19794869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794869" title="Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke

The women's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which was established in 1924. The competition was held on Saturday August 6, 1932 and on Tuesday August 9, 1932.
Eleven swimmers from seven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In the first semi-final Clare Dennis set a new Olympic record with 3:08.2 minutes. In the final she bettered this record with 3:06.3 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
Saturday August 6, 1932: The fastest two in each semi-final and the fastest third-placed from across the semi-finals advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
Tuesday August 9, 1932:

</doc>
<doc id="19794890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794890" title="What to Eat Now">
What to Eat Now

What to Eat Now is a six-part series, broadcast on BBC Two and presented by chef Valentine Warner. The basic message behind the series is that people should eat food that is in season.
The series has covered autumnal foods, both meats such as rabbit and pigeon, and fruits and vegetables and fungi, including apples, pears, pumpkins, chicory, beetroot and truffle as part of the series.
The programme was first broadcast on 15 September 2008.
In looking at apples, the show visited Benedictine monks, and talked about how they could find the best apples to make a dish called "apple charlotte".
In looking at beetroot, the show visited a farmer who practiced biodynamic farming, believing that the phases of the moon could affect plant growth.
The show travelled to Lindisfarne to illustrate mussel catching. Warner has also published two books entitled ""What to Eat Now"" and ""What to Eat Now - More Please!"" to accompany the series'. [http://www.octopusbooks.co.uk/valentinewarner]
A second series was broadcast in 2009.
Episodes.
The programme broadcast on 13 July 2009 dealt with food to take to a picnic.
Reception.
"The Guardian" commented "do we need a return to the ways of the caveman? Is Valentine Warner the future of TV chefs?" in their review of the series.
Books.
Valentine Warner has written two books to accompany the series - "What to Eat Now" and "What to Eat Now - More Please!" published by Mitchell Beazley
DVD.
A DVD of the first series is now available, distributed by Acorn Media UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19794894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794894" title="List of business schools in Connecticut">
List of business schools in Connecticut

This is a list of business schools in Connecticut, arranged in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19794900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794900" title="Artemisia nesiotica">
Artemisia nesiotica

Artemisia nesiotica is a species of sagebrush known by the common name island sagebrush. 
It is endemic to the three of the eight Channel Islands of California. This is a small shrub growing up to about half a meter tall and generally rounded in shape. It produces several thin, upright stems from a woody base. The foliage is made up of woolly leaves divided into many thin, flat, threadlike segments. The inflorescence is a narrow cluster of several flower heads. The fruit is a tiny resinous achene with a pappus of hairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19794979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794979" title="Van Riper">
Van Riper

Van Riper is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19794989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19794989" title="Misfits (Cold Chisel song)">
Misfits (Cold Chisel song)

"Misfits" was a 1991 single from Australian rock band Cold Chisel, 
issued to promote the compilation album "Chisel". The single only reached number 61 in the national charts and was later dropped from subsequent "Chisel" re-issue packages. The song was written by organist Don Walker and was recorded during the sessions for the 1980 album "East". "Misfits" was originally used as the B-side for that album's third single "My Baby".
The song was intended for a documentary on homeless youth that was never released. The promotional video has footage of street kids and the band performing in a studio, shot by Peter Levy, who would later do the cover for "Circus Animals". 

</doc>
<doc id="19795005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795005" title="James Sinclair (fur trader)">
James Sinclair (fur trader)

James Sinclair (1811–1856) was a trader and explorer with the Hudson's Bay Company. He was the son of Hudson's Bay Company factor William Sinclair, from Eastaquoy in Harray, and his Cree wife, Nahovway. He was a brother of William Sinclair. James was born in Rupert's Land and educated in Scotland at Edinburgh University. He twice led large parties of settlers half-way across Canada, from the Red River Valley to the Columbia River valley.
The Treaty of 1818 set the boundary between the United States and British North America along the 49th parallel of north latitude from present day Minnesota to the "Stony Mountains" (now known as the Rocky Mountains). Under the treaty, the boundary in the Columbia District had not been fixed under a policy of "joint occupation" of lands west of the continental divide. The Hudson's Bay Company, which controlled much of the Oregon Country, discouraged settlement because it interfered with the lucrative fur trade. However by 1838, American settlers were coming across the Rockies. Many left from St. Louis, Missouri on the Oregon Trail; a fairly direct, but difficult route.
British traders, missionaries and settlers used the Carlton Trail, which followed the Red River north, then crossed Lake Winnipeg and followed the Saskatchewan River system west to Fort Edmonton. They then went on to Jasper House and the southern leg of the well established HBC York Factory Express route over the Athabaska Pass and down the Columbia River to Fort Vancouver. This route while longer, was easier than the route followed by the Americans.
Belatedly realizing that settlers would ultimately decide who controlled the Columbia district, Sir George Simpson created the Pugets Sound Agricultural Company, a subsidiary of HBC around 1840. The purpose of the company was ostensibly to promote settlement by British subjects of land on the Pacific coast of North America. Company operations were centered at Fort Nisqually, near present day Olympia, Washington, where the company developed dairy, livestock and produce farms.
Simpson instructed Alexander Ross to organize and lead a party of Red River settlers across Rupert's Land and over the Rockies into Oregon country, to be settled on HBC farms. Ross felt that he was too old for such an arduous journey and enlisted Sinclair to lead the party.
In 1841 James Sinclair guided a large group of Red River Colony settlers west from Fort Garry in an attempt to retain Columbia District as part of British North America. Twenty-three families, comprising one hundred twenty-one people, set out on 3 June 1841. Most of the families were of mixed-race (Métis), headed by men who were well known to Sinclair and who were capable hunters, well-suited to living off the land; while on the trail and as pioneers in Oregon Country.
Governor Simpson caught up with them, in the Red Deer Hills, on his round-the-world trip. He had set off from London on May 3 and was traveling fifty miles a day on horseback and up to one hundred miles a day by canoe. Simpson told Sinclair that instructions had been left at Fort Edmonton as to how he was to cross the Rockies. Simpson wrote in his diary, "Each family had two or three carts, together with bands of horses, cattle and dogs. As they marched in single file their cavalcade extended above a mile long. The emigrants were all healthy and happy; living with the greatest abundance and enjoying the journey with great relish." 
Traveling southwest from the Red Deer Hills, the Sinclair expedition pioneered a quicker, more southerly route. They entered the Rocky Mountains at "Devils Gap" on Lake Minnewanka, near present day Banff. They crossed the Bow River and then followed its tributary the Spray River and the Spray's tributary Whiteman Creek over Whiteman's Pass over the Great Divide. They followed the Cross River down the western side; entering into the Columbia Valley through Sinclair Canyon, near present-day Radium Hot Springs, British Columbia. From there they journeyed south-west down to Lake Pend'Oreille then on to an old fort known as Spokane House then to Fort Colville on the Columbia River and finally to Fort Vancouver along established trade routes.
Despite such efforts, Britain eventually ceded all claims to land south of the 49th parallel (except Vancouver Island and surrounding Gulf Islands) to the United States by the Oregon Treaty in 1846, as resolution to the Oregon boundary dispute. This was partly due to John McLoughlin, Chief Factor of Fort Vancouver. Known to be friendly towards American settlers, McLoughlin was slow to settle the Sinclair expedition families on Hudson's Bay Company lands; but did not discourage some from settling in the Willamette Valley on the south side of the Columbia River where they could get free land. The other families settled at Cowlitz and Fort Nisqually. The Sinclair expedition had successfully journeyed 2000 miles, in 134 days,without the loss of a single life and grew in number by three babies born along the way.
Sinclair returned to the Red River Colony. He then traveled to St. Louis, then California and finally back to what had become the fully American Oregon Territory. He also traveled to London where he petitioned Parliament on the rights of Métis for a free fur trade, which angered Governor Simpson. He and Governor Simpson eventually overcame their animosity, and Sinclair rejoined the Hudson's Bay Company. In 1854 led a second large group of Red River settlers on a secret journey to Fort Nez Percés (old Fort Walla Walla) in what had become the fully the American Oregon Territory. He had been promised 200 head of cattle by the HBC for doing so. Upon reaching the Rockies he followed the Kananaskis River south and made a difficult crossing following the Elk River into the Columbia-Kootenay's. He died in an Indian attack at the Cascades settlement on the Columbia, March 26, 1856.
Mount Sinclair, Sinclair Pass, and Sinclair Canyon in the Canadian Rockies are named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19795025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795025" title="Young America Township">
Young America Township

Young America Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19795037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795037" title="Henry Sanderson Furniss, 1st Baron Sanderson">
Henry Sanderson Furniss, 1st Baron Sanderson

Henry Sanderson Furniss, 1st Baron Sanderson (1868–1939) was an English educationalist and socialist politician. He was the third Principal of Ruskin College, an educational institution in Oxford, England, for adults lacking in prior formal education. 
Early life.
Furniss was born in London on 1 October 1868, the elder son of Thomas Sanderson Furniss (1833–1912) and Thomas' wife and second cousin Mary Sanderson (d. 1899). Like his eldest sister, May, Furniss was discovered to be blind from a very young age, possibly as a result of ophthalmia neonatorum at the time of his birth. Two younger siblings had normal eyesight. Furniss's eyesight allowed him to distinguish large objects but he was never able to read. Fortunately, private tutoring (made possible by his family's wealth) allowed him to gain an education that led ultimately to a distinguished academic career in economics.
Career.
Furniss graduated from Hertford College, University of Oxford with a Master of Arts degree. From 1907 to 1916 he was a lecturer at Ruskin College; from 1916 to 1925 he served as the Principal of the College.
While working in Oxford, Furniss was an active participant in the Socialist Fabian Society. In 1919 he ran unsuccessfully in the General Election as the candidate for the Labour Party in Oxford. 
Furniss was created 1st Baron Sanderson, of Hunmanby, county York, on 18 June 1930 in recognition of his distinguished career in education. In the late 1930s he was a member of the Parliamentary Pacifist Group.
Private life.
Furniss married Averil Dorothy Nicholl on 23 January 1902. He died in London, on 25 March 1939. There were no children from his marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19795047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795047" title="TwentyfourSeven">
TwentyfourSeven

TwentyfourSeven was an Australian television series that first screened on SBS in 2002. The series revolves around the lives of the young editorial team who work in the office of an entertainment magazine called 'TwentyfourSeven'.
It was an interactive series that let viewers manipulate the direction of storylines. The series was written on a Monday, shot on a Tuesday and screened on a Wednesday.
The series was produced by Hal and Di McElroy, who also produced another interactive series on SBS called "Going Home".

</doc>
<doc id="19795056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795056" title="Languages of Burundi">
Languages of Burundi

The official languages of Burundi are Kirundi and French. Swahili is also spoken. Education for deaf individuals uses American Sign Language, introduced by the deaf American missionary Andrew Foster. No other languages are spoken natively in any significant numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19795057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795057" title="Minsterley Motors">
Minsterley Motors

Minsterley Motors is a bus operator and limited company based in Minsterley, Shropshire, England.
The company's main operations concentrate on stage service and schools contract work for Shropshire Council. They also support the Shropshire Schools & Colleges Football Association.
The stage service work was concentrated on the routes 552/553 between Bishop's Castle and Shrewsbury, which was significantly improved in 2003. This was supplemented in 2007 when the company was awarded the tender to operate the 435 between Shrewsbury and Ludlow, via Church Stretton. Two low-floor Volvo B7RLE single-deckers with then-rare Plaxton Centro bodywork joined the fleet to operate this route, and were followed by three more for the 552/553 in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19795062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795062" title="Droids Attack">
Droids Attack

Droids Attack is a Madison-based stoner rock band. Much of the band's sound combines the heavy riffs of stoner metal with the speed and ferocity of punk. The band releases material on Madison's Crustacean Records and Minneapolis-based Round 13 Records co-op label. "Droids Attack’ premier album, “All Your Chicks Are Belong To Us” garnered much deserved recognition in the punk-metal realm of the Midwest. In 2004, the album won a MAMA (Madison Area Music Award) for Best Punk Album." Their second full-length albu, Fatal/Error has garnered positive reviews from stoner rock internet hub, stonerrock.com. The band usually plays in the Midwest area, but in 2008 played the South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas. The is infamous for metallic robot mascot, Robo, who occasionally terrorizes audiences at shows. 
The band has cited influences such as Black Sabbath, Helmet, Torche, Quicksand, The Melvins, Cuda, and Clutch. 
At the 2008 Forward Music Fest in Madison, Droids Attack opened for influential fellow-Madisonian alternative/sludge band, Killdozer. They also played at Riot Fest in Chicago in 2010 and 2012. 
In the spring of 2012 the band parted ways with long-time bassist Nate Bush and added Dennis Ponozzo (Sinking Suns/Below the Sound) to the lineup, before ultimately adding Madison favorite Darwin Sampson (Helliphant/Way Off the Horse). 

</doc>
<doc id="19795082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795082" title="Tree-free paper">
Tree-free paper

Tree-free paper or tree-free newsprint describes an alternative to wood-pulp paper by its raw material composition. It is claimed to be more eco-friendly considering the product's entire life cycle.
Sources of fibre for tree-free paper include:
Non-fibre sources include:
United States annual pulp paper goods consumption exceeds 110,000,000 tons per year, consuming 1 billion trees annually, an area of approximately 12,400 square miles; US demand for paper is increasing notwithstanding the advent of the "digital age".
Paper manufacturing is highly competitive, with historically tight margins and small operating profits. As a result, the raw materials used to make paper have to be very cost effective, using cheap, scalable renewable resources, coupled with relatively inexpensive ways to deliver large quantities to market. Until recently, commercial tree farming, has been shaped to account for the these tight operating margins and supply cost limitations. Virtually all paper, however, requires massive cutting, replanting and re-cutting of wide swaths of forest. These limitations have made wood pulped farm grown supply stock the paper industry's overwhelming scalable raw material of choice.
The paper industry's answer to "tree free" paper has been focused on "recycled waste paper" as a tree free alternative even though the vast majority of "recycled waste paper" originally started its life cycle from tree grown pulp.
Fiber dense agricultural residues, have been known as a pulp substitute for years. Commercial low cost production technology coupled with limited resource abundancy plus low cost transportion to commercial business markets had created a barrier, virtually relegating true "tree free" paper from developing into anything more than small niche markets with even smaller niche market players. Furthermore, grasses and annual plants often have high silica contents. Silica is problematic as it consumes pulping chemicals and produces fly ash when burned.
However, in early 2013, it appears that at least one or more corporations have overcome these barriers. These several entities have apparently developed the residue rich resource allocations, scalable low cost high quality manufacturing technology coupled with reasonably cheap transportation to produce "Xerox" identical, high quality true tree free paper on a price competitive basis with all recycled paper in the US markets. A proprietary formulation of sugar cane waste bagasse and bamboo residue appears to be the materials of choice.
By January 2013, at least one of the "big 3" U.S. office supply chains had satisfied itself that each of the commercial quality, quantity and competitive pricing barriers has been overcome sufficiently to begin offering, on a consistent basis, true "tree free" commercial copy paper at competitive or better pricing to all recycled paper.

</doc>
<doc id="19795092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795092" title="Holla Holla">
Holla Holla

"Holla Holla" is the debut single by American rapper Ja Rule from his debut studio album "Venni Vetti Vecci". It was produced by Irv Gotti and Ty Fyffe. The music video was directed by Hype Williams and Irv Gotti. 
A remix was also made featuring Jay-Z, Vita, Caddillac Tah, Black Child, Memphis Bleek and Busta Rhymes, the latter of which would later feud with Ja Rule.
Background and composition.
After Ja Rule finalized the recording of his debut studio album, "Venni Vetti Vecci" (1999), Def Jam – Ja Rule's record label – did not consider any song on the album worthy of marketing as a single. Despite Ja Rule's surprise at this proclamation, admitting in an interview with "Complex" magazine that he "didn’t grasp the idea of making a radio record", he resumed recording sessions to compose what would become "Holla Holla": it would transpire to be the final song recorded for "Venni Vetti Vecci". Ja Rule's rapping on "Holla Holla" employs what he described as his "stutter flow", with the repetition of certain words to increase the volume of lyrics.
Reception.
Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Soren Baker felt that "Holla Holla" demonstrates Ja Rule's ability to use "his edgy voice and the spectacular instrumentation that backs him".

</doc>
<doc id="19795120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795120" title="Lavanya">
Lavanya

Lavanya is an Indian television series that premiered on March 28, 2004 on Zee TV. It aired every Sunday to Wednesday at 8:30pm IST. The story is about a confused young woman who cannot decide about her friends and foes.
Plot.
The story is based on the life of a rich young woman name Lavanya who is residing in Belampally with her parents. Being the only daughter, she is little spoiled, and her parents let her do whatever she wants. Lavanya is secretly in love with a middle-class guy, who doesn't propose because he is not as rich as her. Her parents want her to get marry to a rich guy so, to see her secret friend Sandy, Lavanya lies to her parents. 
Lavanya has two best friends, Shekhar and Nikhil. Shekhar, who also belongs to a middle-class family, works for Lavanya's father. Knowing that Shekhar and Lavanya are good friends, Shekar's mother wants him to marry her; however, Lavanya's parents want her to marry Nikhil because he is from a rich family. But being in love with Sandy, Lavanya tells her parents that if she is going to marry it will only be Sandy. Hearing that her parents get annoyed, but they agree to meet him. They tell Lavanya that she can only get marry to Sandy if they like him; otherwise she will have to marry Nikhil. Lavanya gets excited because she knows that her parents will approve of him. Unfortunately Sandy doesn't show up. Knowing that she will be forced to marry Nikhil now, Lavanya than decides to run away.
When Lavanya goes to the station to meet Sandy, he does not show up. She learns that her father is in the hospital. Lavanya, thinking Sandy betrayed her, goes to the hospital and agrees to get married to Nikhil. She does so because of her father's health. Later she learns that Sandy died while coming to the station. After facing this major tragedy, on the day of her marriage with Nikhil, Lavanya's dad suffers from a heart attack and dies. Nikhil goes back to Mumbai for his job. Lavanya who is still in love with Sandy stays with to support her mother. When Lavanya goes to Nikhil, she makes it very clear to him on the first day that she never loved him and wants a divorce. Nikhil, who loves Lavanya, agrees and talks to a lawyer. However, the judge tells them that they have to be married for six months to get the divorce. 
Lavanya calls her mom in Delhi and tells her she is getting a divorce. Heartbroken Nikhil is afraid to tell his mom: He lies to Lavanya that his mom is suffering from a heart problem and she cannot take any kind of shock. Lavanya then pretends to be in love with Nikhil in front of her mother-in-law. On the other hand, to take revenge from Lavanya's family for not allowing their daughter's marriage with Shekhar, his mother sends Lavanya's photos with Sandy to Nikhil's mother, who gets a major shock after seeing them. Nikhil makes an excuse that they are pictures from a school play. Lavanya thinks that Shekhar sent the photos and is filled with hatred for him. Shekhar who comes to Mumbai for a business deal goes to Lavanya's house where he is literally kicked out. Nikhil also believes that Shekhar is responsible for those pictures and hates him. But when his misunderstanding his cleared and he realizes that Shekhar's mother sent the pictures, he invites Shekhar home. 
Lavanya also apologizes. Lavanya, Shekhar, Tanya (Nikhil's sister who is a journalist) and Nikhil all live in one apartment now. While trying to getting Lavanya closer to Nikhil, Tanya falls in love with Shekhar. 
Anny, Nikhil's classmate from the USA, comes to Mumbai. She loves Nikhil and dreams of getting married to him. Lavanya gets jealous seeing Nikhil and Anny together. When Anny realizes that Lavanya loves Nikhil, she leaves. Lavanya and Nikhil love each other but are afraid to express their feelings. Nikhil convinces Lavanya to have a painting exhibition so that he can spend some time with her and get her to express her feelings. 
During a press conference when asked who was Lavanya's inspiration, instead of saying Nikhil she says Sandy. Nikhil is very upset. Sandy is shown to be alive watching the press conference on TV. Will Lavanya choose Nikhil over Sandy?

</doc>
<doc id="19795121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795121" title="The Original Monster Mash">
The Original Monster Mash

The Original Monster Mash is an album by Bobby (Boris) Pickett and The Crypt-Kickers. It was recorded and released in late 1962, following the success of Pickett's "Monster Mash" single. 
The album's somewhat unwieldy title arose from the need to distinguish it in the marketplace from an album by John Zacherle on the rival Cameo-Parkway label, titled "Monster Mash" and featuring Zacherle's cover version of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19795126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795126" title="Marcus Vinicius (consul 19 BC)">
Marcus Vinicius (consul 19 BC)

Marcus Vinicius (a.k.a. Vinucius) (deceased "post" AD 4) was a Roman consul and a prominent general at the service of the first Roman emperor, Augustus (ruled 30 BC – AD 14). 
Born the son of a Roman knight at Cales in "Regio I" ("Latium et Campania") of Italia, Vinicius distinguished himself as "legatus Augusti pro praetore" (governor) of the Roman province of Gallia Belgica in 25 BC, when he led a successful campaign into Germania.
At some point, Vinicius may also have served as governor of the Roman province of Achaea; an inscription from Corinth, dated to 18–12 BC and honoring his fellow-general, and the Emperor's right-hand man, Agrippa, reveals that an administrative division of the city had been named the "tribus Vinicia", apparently in Vinicius' honor.
In recognition of his services, Vinicius, the archetypal "homo novus", was appointed suffect consul in 19 BC, replacing C. Sentius Saturninus and holding the office together with Q. Lucretius Vespillo. 
After his consulship, Vinicius continued to be entrusted with important military commands. Starting in 14 or 13 BC, Vinicius served as governor of Illyricum where he was in charge of the early stages of the Roman conquest of Pannonia (the "bellum Pannonicum", 14–9 BC) until Augustus' stepson and future successor as Emperor, Tiberius, assumed overall command. During or shortly after that war, he became the first Roman general to campaign on the far side of the river Danube: he routed an army of Dacians and Bastarnae and subjugated the Celtic tribes of the Hungarian Plain.
Between AD 1 and 4, Vinicius commanded the 5 legions stationed in Germany. His army fought so successfully that he won the "ornamenta triumphalia".
Throughout his life, Vinicius seems to have enjoyed a close friendship with the emperor: the historian Suetonius quotes a letter by Augustus in which he talks about playing dice with Vinicius and his fellow "homo novus", Publius Silius Nerva. Vinicius' son Publius was Consul in AD 2, and his grandson and namesake Marcus Vinicius was Consul in 30 and the husband of Julia Livilla, daughter of Germanicus, nephew of Tiberius.

</doc>
<doc id="19795141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795141" title="Action of 31 May 1809">
Action of 31 May 1809

The Action of 31 May 1809 was a naval skirmish in the Bay of Bengal during the Napoleonic Wars. During the action, an Honourable East India Company convoy carrying goods worth over £500,000 was attacked and partially captured by the French frigate "Caroline". The three East Indiamen that made up the convoy fought against their opponent with their own batteries of cannon but ultimately were less powerful, less manoeuvrable and less trained than their opponent and were defeated one by one; only the smallest of the three escaped. The action was the first in a string of attacks on important convoys in the Indian Ocean by French cruisers operating from Île de France and Île Bonaparte during a concerted campaign against British shipping in the region.
Background.
In November 1808, a squadron of powerful French frigates sailed for Île de France under Commodore Jacques Hamelin. This squadron was under orders to attack and capture or destroy British shipping in the Indian Ocean, particularly the heavily armed convoys of East Indiamen that carried millions of pounds worth of trade goods from British India and the Far East to Britain. These convoys were operated by the Honourable East India Company (HEIC), which ran British India and maintained a private army and navy to secure the colony and its trade routes. During the late Napoleonic Wars, French naval strategy focused on the disruption of this trade with the use of fast and well-armed frigates to operate independently along British trade routes and capture British merchant ships. This affected the British economy, which was already severely stretched by the war, and forced the Royal Navy to divert resources to distant parts of the world to protect British trade.
During the late spring of 1809, following the end of the Indian Ocean hurricane season, Hamelin ordered his ships to operate in the Bay of Bengal. One of these frigates was the 40-gun "Caroline", which was built in Antwerp in 1806 and weighed 1,078 tons. "Caroline" was commanded by Jean-Baptiste-Henri Féretier, newly promoted following the sudden death of her previous captain. Féretier was the first of Hamelin's captains to find a British convoy, spotting three sails on the horizon on 31 May. These belonged to a Britain-bound convoy of East Indiamen, which had departed the Hooghly River on 2 May. Laden with over £500,000 worth of silk and other trade goods, these ships were an important asset to the HEIC and had originally been part of a larger convoy, guarded by the sloop HMS "Victor" and consisting of five Indiamen and several smaller vessels. On 24 May a storm divided the convoy; "Victor", the small ships and two of the Indiamen "Monarch" and "Earl Spencer" were separated from the remainder, the "Streatham", "Europe" and "Lord Keith" after "Monarch" sprang a leak.
The Indiamen were not unprotected: each one was large and powerfully built and carried a number of cannon. "Streatham" and "Europe" weighed over 800 tons each and carried 30 cannon, whereas the smaller "Lord Keith" was 600 tons and carried 12 guns. Four years earlier, a convoy of East Indiamen had driven off a French ship of the line and attached frigates under Admiral Linois in similar waters by forming a battle line and firing on their opponents as they closed. The crews of these East Indiamen were not of Royal Navy standard, however, with insufficient training and large numbers of Chinese and lascar seamen, who proved unreliable in combat.
Battle.
One of the smaller ships from the convoy, an American merchant ship named "Silenus", had separated from the main body in the storm and arrived at the Nicobar Islands. There she had encountered "Caroline" and the American captain had reported the location and value of the convoy to Féretier. Setting all sail, Féretier took "Caroline" to the north-west, and sighted the convoy at 05:30, only a few days after leaving the Nicobar Islands. The British ships, under the loose command of John Dale in "Streatham", originally mistook the French frigate for the missing "Victor" and it was not until another half hour had passed that Dale realised the danger his ships were in. Ordering the Indiamen to form a line of battle, Dale placed his ship in the centre, with the small "Lord Keith" ahead and "Europe" behind. However, the lack of naval experience on the British ships resulted in the Indiamen sailing too far from one another in line, thus leaving them unable to provide effective mutual support.
Able to attack the HEIC ships individually, "Caroline" pulled alongside "Europe" at 06:30 and began a heavy fire into the merchant ship, which intermittently replied with her available guns. Within 30 minutes, "Europe"'s rigging was tattered, many of her guns dismounted and a number of her crew wounded or killed. Moving past his now disabled opponent, Féretier next attacked "Streatham", which had slowed in an unsuccessful attempt to support "Europe". Now alone against the frigate, "Streatham" came under heavy fire at 07:00 and by 08:00 was badly damaged, with casualties in her crew, her guns all dismounted and her lascars hiding below decks. With further resistance hopeless, Dale hauled down the company flag and surrendered.
During the engagement between "Streatham" and "Caroline", "Lord Keith" and "Europe" had fired sporadically at the French ship with little effect. Pulling away from his surrendered opponent, Féretier then fired on "Lord Keith", whose captain, Peter Campbell, realised that his ship stood no chance against the frigate and turned eastward, running before the wind to escape despite suffering severe damage to "Lord Keith"' rigging as he did so. William Gelston, captain of "Europe", also attempted to flee, but his battered ship was in no condition to outrun the virtually untouched frigate, and he surrendered at 10:00. "Lord Keith" eventually arrived safely at Penang on 9 June. Casualties on the British ships were six killed and at least four wounded, while the French lost one killed and three wounded.
Aftermath.
Féretier repaired his captures at sea and returned to Île de France, arriving two months later on 22 July. Discovering the presence of a British frigate squadron under Josias Rowley off Port Louis, Féretier diverted to Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte. Among the goods removed from the ships were the £500,000 worth of silk, which was stored in warehouses near the docks. In the British raid on Saint Paul on 21 September 1809, these warehouses and their contents were burnt and "Caroline", "Streatham" and "Europe" all captured by the raiding force. Despite these subsequent losses, Féretier was highly commended for his leadership in the action and received a promotion from Governor Charles Decaen. He also received letters from the captains of "Streatham" and "Europe", thanking him for his attention and courtesy to their crews and passengers during their period of captivity.

</doc>
<doc id="19795152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795152" title="Russell Creek, Virginia">
Russell Creek, Virginia

Russell Creek is an unincorporated community located in southeast Patrick County, Virginia that encompasses a large portion of the county's population. The community is mainly rural residential, with the community center serving as the voting precinct location.

</doc>
<doc id="19795168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795168" title="Plumgood Food">
Plumgood Food

Plumgood Food was an online grocery store based in Nashville, Tennessee. It was founded in 2004 by Kate and Eric Satz and serves Middle Tennessee and Kentucky. The company went out of business in late 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19795169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795169" title="Love Story (1944 film)">
Love Story (1944 film)

Love Story is a 1944 British romance film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Margaret Lockwood, Stewart Granger, and Patricia Roc. Based on a short story by J.W. Drawbell, the film is about a concert pianist who, after learning that she is dying of heart failure, decides to spend her last days in Cornwall. While there, she meets a former RAF pilot who is going blind, and soon a romantic attraction forms. Released in the United States as "A Lady Surrenders", this wartime melodrama produced by Gainsborough Pictures was filmed on location at the Minack Theatre in Porthcurno in Cornwall, England.
Plot.
Concert pianist Lissa Campbell (Margaret Lockwood) decides to leave her successful music career behind and devote herself to something more directly connected to the British war effort. After announcing her retirement from the concert stage, she applies for a position with the RAF as a WASP, but is rejected for health reasons. Soon after, she learns from her doctor that she is suffering from a heart condition and that she does not have long to live.
Determined to live out her final months as fully as possible, she goes to a small coastal resort in Cornwall. Not wanting to be recognised by her stage name Felicity Crichton, she introduces herself as Lissa. She is soon befriended by Tom Tanner (Tom Walls), a salty old Yorkshireman. He is on government assignment to investigate mines in the area. Although he sees that she is sad, he does not pry into her personal life.
One day, she meets Kit Firth (Stewart Granger), a brash young engineer, and the two form an immediate attraction. She does not know that Kit will soon be blind—the result of an injury while in the RAF. The only person who knows is Judy (Patricia Roc), his platonic friend from childhood who is secretly in love with him. Meanwhile, Tom arranges access to a piano for Lissa, and soon she begins composing a piece inspired by her new environment and by Kit. Later, Kit introduces Lissa to Judy, who is working on a stage play for the open air theatre at the resort. Pressed for funds, Judy turns to Tom, who agrees to invest in her production of "The Tempest".
Kit and Lissa spend more time together and their romance seems to be growing, but whenever things become too serious, Kit backs away. Lissa grows increasingly frustrated with Kit's flippant behaviour, especially after he refuses Tom's offer of supervise the reopening of a mine in which Kit has found much-needed molybdenum, and finally breaks up with him. Later, Kit turns to Judy and confesses that he has never met anyone as understanding as Lissa.
The next day, the town is shaken by the news of a mining accident that has trapped Tom and his crew. When Kit descends the mine to rescue them, he too becomes trapped in a second cave-in. Kit is able to rescue them, proving he is not a coward. When she goes to his house and finds him practising reading Braille, everything falls into place. She urges him to try surgery, but he tells her the doctors said his chances of coming out alive were 100 to one, and that Judy had talked him out of it.
Later that night, Lissa confronts Judy and gets her to admit she views the impending blindness as a godsend for her; he would have to turn to her. They strike a bargain: Lissa will leave him if Judy persuades Kit to have the operation. 
After Kit leaves for London to have the surgery, Judy and her company prepare for the opening of their play. On the day of the premiere, Judy is unable to go on stage—distraught by the fear that Kit may die during the operation. Lissa takes her place on stage and performs her new musical composition that was inspired by her relationship with Kit. During her performance, she is overwhelmed by the same fear, and faints.
When Lissa comes to, she is reassured that all is well with Kit. When Judy thanks her for giving up Kit, Lissa admits that she is not giving up much—because she is dying. True to her word, she says goodbye to Kit, saying she will be going on a world tour and may not see him again. Despite his profession of love for her, Lissa leaves, heartbroken. In the coming weeks, Lissa travels around the world entertaining the troops. Meanwhile, Kit proposes to Judy and she accepts, but their relationship lacks passion. Despite Tom's advice to accept the truth and not cheat another woman out of the love she deserves, Judy remains firm that she will not give up Kit.
Sometime later, Lissa is performing at the Royal Albert Hall in London. After her final number, she spots Kit in the wings, dressed in his RAF uniform, and she runs offstage into his arms before fainting. When she recovers, she sees that Judy is with him. Recognizing that he will always love Lissa, Judy announces, to Kit's surprise, that they will not be getting married—Kit never belonged to her. After Judy leaves, Lissa finally reveals that she only has a few months to live. Kit tells her, "We're all living dangerously. There isn't any certainty anymore. It's just today, and the hope of tomorrow. Oh, darling, please, let's take all the happiness we can, while we can. Don't be afraid." Lissa tells him she will never be afraid any more.
Production.
"Love Story" was filmed at Gaumont-British Studios in Lime Grove, Shepherd's Bush, London, and the Minack Theatre in Porthcurno in Cornwall, England. The final concert scenes were filmed at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Reception.
In his review of the DVD version, Jeremy Arnold excused the film's overly melodramatic storyline and lack of realism and appreciated the context in which the film was released. "For wartime British audiences," Arnold wrote, "a melodramatic romance dealing with death, heroism and sacrifice, lushly photographed amidst the shores of Cornwall, must have served as a shot in the arm." Arnold found the film to be "so skillfully made that what seems like contrived melodrama in the abstract comes off more as just a sweeping romantic aura on screen." Arnold praised the acting in the film, writing that Lockwood "delivers a solid performance" and that the supporting actors, Tom Walls and Patricia Roc, stole the film. A well-known comic actor of the British stage and screen whose career began in 1905, Walls appeared in "Love Story" toward the end of his life. Patricia Roc was in some ways the more desirable of the two romantic choices, according to Arnold, who noted that "our eyes go to her more than to Lockwood whenever the two share the screen."
Film scholar William K. Everson wrote that the film "enabled the housewives, themselves much put upon, to wallow in the greater and more artificial self-sacrifice shown on the screen and to find in it a kind of contemporary escapism."

</doc>
<doc id="19795214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795214" title="Tom MacLeod">
Tom MacLeod

Thomas William "Tom" MacLeod (born January 10, 1951 in Proctor, Minnesota) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 1973 NFL Draft. He played college football at Minnesota.
MacLeod also played for the Baltimore Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19795220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795220" title="Victor Maslov">
Victor Maslov

Victor Aleksandrovich Maslov (; April 27, 1910 in Moscow – May 11, 1977) was a Soviet Russian footballer and coach. He was especially notable during his coaching career. He won numerous USSR Championships with clubs Torpedo Moscow, Dynamo Kyiv, and one with FC Ararat Yerevan.
He is often seen as being one of the most innovative and influential football managers of all-time. Notable for inventing the 4-4-2 formation, being the first to experiment with players' nutrition and perhaps most importantly, for his invention of pressing, which, in the words of Jonathan Wilson "may be seen as the birth of modern football". This is also because Wilson also credits Maslov as one of the key progenitors of the pressing game. This was a key development as before Maslov teams tended allow their opponents more time on the ball whereas Maslov's instigation of pressing denied players this time and space and led to the game based more on speed and fitness that can be seen across the top European and South American leagues today.

</doc>
<doc id="19795225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795225" title="Pierre-François Chabaneau">
Pierre-François Chabaneau

Pierre-François Chabaneau was a French chemist who spent much of his life working in Spain. He was one of the first chemists to succeed in producing malleable platinum. Chabaneau was born in Dordogne, France, in 1754, and died near his home village in 1842 at the age of 88 years.
Early life.
Chabaneau was born in 1754 in Nontron, a village in the Dordogne department of France. His uncle, a member of the order of Saint Anthony, encouraged him to study theology. While Chabaneau excelled in his studies, his distaste for metaphysical speculation led him to antagonize his teachers, which in turn caused him to be expelled from school.
Sympathetic towards Chabaneau's state of poverty, the director of a Jesuit college in Passy offered him a position as a mathematics professor, despite Chabaneau having only a basic understanding of arithmetic. In studying the material for the next day's lessons, Chabaneau taught himself algebra and geometry. His academic interest soon spread to physics, natural history, and chemistry. At the age of twenty, Chabaneau was convinced to join the newly established "Real Seminario Patriotico" at Vergara to teach French and physics by brothers Fausto and Juan José Elhuyar. The two brothers, who later made a name for themselves by isolating metallic tungsten, were the sons of the Count of Peñaflorida, who had sent them to France to find professors for the Vergara Seminary.
Platinum research.
After the Elhuyar brothers isolated metallic tungsten in 1783, Chabaneau collaborated with them in researching platinum. This did not last long, though, as the brothers had been appointed Directors General of Mining, and soon left Spain for South America. King Charles III created a public chair of mineralogy, physics and chemistry for Chabaneau in Madrid and provided him with a laboratory for his research. The Count d'Aranda secured the government's entire supply of platinum for Chabaneau's laboratory.
Chabaneau was able to easily remove most of platinum's natural impurities, including gold, mercury, lead, copper, and iron, leading him to believe that he was working with pure platinum. However, the metal displayed inconsistent characteristics. At times it was malleable, yet at times it was highly brittle. Sometimes it was entirely incombustible, yet sometimes it burned readily. These inconsistencies were a result of various impurities: rhodium, palladium, osmium, iridium, and ruthenium. These elements would later come to be known as the platinum group metals, but at the time of Chabaneau's research, they had not yet been discovered. 
So frustrated was Chabaneau by his research that, in 1786, he lost his temper and smashed all of his equipment, exclaiming, "Away with it all! I'll smash the whole business; you shall never again get me to touch the damned metal!" Nevertheless, three months later Chabaneau presented the Count d'Aranda with a 10 cm cube of pure malleable platinum. His process, involving powder metallurgy and intense heating, was kept secret until 1914.
Platinum age and death.
Chabaneau realized that the sheer difficulty of working with platinum would lend value to objects made from it. He and Don Joaquín Cabezas carried on a lucrative business producing platinum ingots and utensils. This marked the beginning of what is now known as the "platinum age in Spain," during which nearly 18,000 troy ounces of malleable platinum were produced in a span of 22 years. The platinum age ended in 1808 when Chabaneau's laboratory was destroyed during Napoleon's second invasion.
In 1799, Chabaneau returned to France seeking rest near his native village of Nontron. There he remained until January 1842, when he died at the age of 88 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19795231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795231" title="Homelessness Action Week">
Homelessness Action Week

Homelessness Action Week (formerly known as Homelessness Awareness Week) is an annual week-long campaign held in over 20 communities in British Columbia, Canada. In Metro Vancouver the week is sponsored by the Greater Vancouver Regional Steering Committee on Homelessness. The first Homelessness Action Week began in 2006 as a way to increase participation and public support for solving homelessness by government, the private sector, communities and individuals. The week promotes initiatives and projects that directly affect communities in a positive way, holding events for and about people who are homeless. It is supported by notable local figures such as former B.C. premier Mike Harcourt, Vancouver Whitecaps president Bob Lenarduzzi, and musician Jim Byrnes.
Homelessness Action Week 2008 has over 20 participating communities throughout B.C. and the Yukon. The week was proclaimed by the provincial government as Homelessness Action Week in 2007 and 2008. The communities participating in the week include: Abbotsford, Metro Vancouver, Prince George, Prince Rupert, Kamloops, Kelowna, Nanaimo, Nelson, Whitehorse, and Victoria. Events include: peaceful demonstrations, discussion forums, food drives, photo exhibitions, films, and service fairs for people who are homeless.

</doc>
<doc id="19795282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795282" title="Just a Beat Show">
Just a Beat Show

Background.
The CD was originally released in analog format in May 1986 and only about 2,000 copies were sold throughout 1986 and 1987. However, as CDs became more popular, the album was re-released on CD on April 25, 1993. The disc is currently out of production.
Kikujirō Shima (島キクジロウ "Shima Kikujirō"), the lead vocalist for The Jumps, originally had the idea for the recording and, in December 1985, brought together The Jumps, The London Times, The Blue Hearts and the Hormones for a recording at a live show. There were problems with the recording equipment, however, and the recording failed. By the time they were able to bring the bands back together for a second recording, the Hormones had broken up and had to quickly be replaced by Lä-Ppisch.
Tracks.
The album contains twelves tracks, three by each of the artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19795305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795305" title="Jenny Apostolou">
Jenny Apostolou

Jenny Apostolou (also known as Jen Apostolou) is an Australian actress who is best known for her roles in the television series "TwentyfourSeven" and the children's television series "Double Trouble". Apostolou has also had a number of roles in other television series such as Out of the Blue, Water Rats, Heartbreak High, Police Rescue, G.P. and The Ferals.

</doc>
<doc id="19795341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795341" title="Little Richard (album)">
Little Richard (album)

Little Richard was the eponymous second studio album by Little Richard, released in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19795348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795348" title="Demographics of Melbourne">
Demographics of Melbourne

Melbourne is Australia's second largest city and has a diverse and multicultural population.
Melbourne has again dominated Australia's population growth; for the 11th year in a row as of 2013, adding 77,000 people between 2011-2012. It is expected to boom past 5 million people by 2025 and overtake Sydney's declined population growth before 2040. Melbourne currently has over 4.25 million people (peaking at over 5 million at the close to the financial year with an 88+ thousand growth).
Almost a quarter of Victoria's population was born overseas, and the city is home to residents from 180 countries, who speak over 233 languages and dialects and follow 116 religious faiths. Melbourne has the second largest Asian population in Australia, which includes the largest Indian and Sri Lankan communities in the country.
The earliest known inhabitants of the broad area that later became known as Melbourne were Indigenous Australians – specifically, at the time of European settlement, the Bunurong, Wurundjeri and Wathaurong tribal groups. Melbourne is still a centre of Aboriginal life — consisting of local groups and indigenous groups from other parts of Australia, as most indigenous Victorians were displaced from their traditional lands during colonization – with the Aboriginal community in the city numbering over 20,000 persons (0.6% of the population).
Demographic history.
European settlement and Gold Rush immigration.
The first European settlers in Melbourne were British and Irish. These two groups accounted for nearly all arrivals before the gold rush, and supplied the predominant number of immigrants to the city until the Second World War.
Melbourne was transformed by the 1850s gold rush; within months of the discovery of gold in August 1852, the city's population had increased by nearly three-quarters, from 25,000 to 40,000 inhabitants. Thereafter, growth was exponential and by 1865, Melbourne had overtaken Sydney as Australia's most populous city.
Large numbers of Chinese, German and United States nationals were to be found on the goldfields and subsequently in Melbourne. The various nationalities involved in the Eureka Stockade revolt nearby give some indication of the migration flows in the second half of the nineteenth century.
Post-war immigration.
In the aftermath of the Second World War, Melbourne experienced unprecedented inflows from Mediterranean Europe and the Balkans, primarily Greece, Italy, Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia, Macedonia, and West Asia, mostly from Lebanon, Cyprus and Turkey. According to the 2001 Census, there were 151,785 ethnic Greeks in the metropolitan area. 47% of all Greek Australians live in Melbourne. Ethnic Chinese and Vietnamese also maintain significant presences.
Socioeconomics.
Areas within the Greater Melbourne area host varying groups of socio economic background, inner city areas tend to be more affluent, gentrified or bohemian, suburban areas tend to house middle class residents, whilst outer suburban areas tend to house lower income residents.
Other points of note include increased property prices in public transport corridors, leading to many of these areas, particularly in the inner east, being more affluent.
Ethnic groups and multiculturalism.
Melbourne does enjoy comparatively high levels of migrant integration to the other capital cities, however some ethnic groups are associated with the suburb in which they first settled:
The cities of Dandenong, Monash, Casey and Whittlesea on Melbourne's fringe are particular current migrant hotspots.
Melbourne exceeds the national average in terms of proportion of residents born overseas: 34.8% compared to a national average of 23.1%. In concordance with national data, Britain is the most commonly reported country of birth, with 4.7%, followed by Italy (2.4%), Greece (2.1%) and then China (1.3%). Melbourne also features substantial Vietnamese, Indian and Sri Lankan-born communities, in addition to recent South African and Sudanese influxes.
Over two-thirds of people in Melbourne speak only English at home (68.8%). Italian is the second most common home language (4.0%), with Greek (3.8%) third and Chinese (3.5%) fourth, each with over 100,000 speakers.
Demographics and Cuisine.
As a result of large migrant populations, Melbourne has a proliferation of areas where restaurants, cafes and services of similar international demographic establish, particularly Chinese, Indian, Thai, Vietnamese and Malaysian cuisines. Some of these areas include:
Religion.
The 2006 Census records show some 28.3% (1,018,113) of Melbourne residents list their religious affiliation as Catholic. The next highest responses were No Religion (20.0%, 717,717), Anglican (12.1%, 433,546), Eastern Orthodox (5.9%, 212,887) and the Uniting Church (4.0%, 143,552).
Buddhists, Muslims, Jews and Hindus collectively account for 7.5% of the population.
Judaism.
Four out of ten Australian Jews call Melbourne home. The city is also residence to the largest number of Holocaust survivors of any Australian city, indeed the highest per capita concentration outside Israel itself. To service the needs of the vibrant Jewish community, Melbourne's Jewry have established multiple synagogues, which today number over 30, along with a local Jewish newspaper. Melbourne's largest university - Monash University is named after prominent Jewish general and statesman, John Monash.
Christianity.
64% of Melburnians consider themselves Christians. The city has two large cathedrals - St Patrick's (Roman Catholic), and St Paul's (Anglican).
Both were built in the Victorian era and are of considerable heritage significance as major landmarks of the city.
Islam.
There are approximately 500,000 Muslims that call Australia home and over 100,000 of them live in Melbourne. They are noted for their diversity — from more than 60 countries with wildly disparate cultures.
Sikhism.
Sikhism is a small but growing minority religion in Australia, that can trace its origins in the nation to the 1830s. The Sikhs form one of the largest subgroups of Indian Australians with 26,500 adherents according to the 2006 census, having grown from 17,000 in 2001 and 12,000 in 1996[2. Most adherents can trace their ancestry back to the Punjab region of South Asia, which is currently divided between India and Pakistan.
Whereas, as per anecdotal evidence collected by Sikh Council of Australia inc, there are approximately 100,000 Sikhs in Australia and the number of Punjabi speakers is even higher.
They are often mistaken for who they are not, due to Sikh men required to wear a "Turban" as one of the 5 articles of faith.
The largest Sikh community’s are situated on the Eastern Sea Board, Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane followed by Adelaide, Perth, Canberra, Cairns, Townsville. Sikh’s also make up a significant population in the town of Woolgoolga near Coffs Harbour, NSW where they own Banana Plantations. There is also a significant Sikh population in Griffith NSW, Renmark SA, associated with Farming. Kahlon Estate’s in Renmark which produce Australia’s Premium Wines are owned by Sikh emigrants
Hinduism.
The majority of Australian Hindus live along the Eastern Coast of Australia and are mainly located in Melbourne and Sydney. As a community Hindus live relatively peacefully and in harmony with the local populations. They have established a number of temples and other religious meeting places and celebrate most Hindu festivals.
Buddhism.
In 1848, the first large group of Buddhists to come to Australia, came as part of gold rush - most of whom stayed briefly for prospecting purposes rather than mass migration. In 1856, a temple was established in South Melbourne by the secular Sze Yap group. The first specific Australian Buddhist group, the Buddhist Study Group Melbourne, was formed in Melbourne in 1938, however it collapsed during the Second World War.
Irreligion.
Melbourne and indeed Australia are highly secularised, with the proportion of people identifying themselves as Christian declining from 96% in 1901 to 64% in 2006 and those who did not state their religion or declared no religion rising from 2% to over 30% over the same period.
Population history, density and growth statistics.
Although Victoria's net interstate migration has fluctuated, the Melbourne statistical division has grown by approximately 50,000 people a year since 2003. Melbourne has now attracted the largest proportion of international overseas immigrants (48,000) finding it outpacing Sydney's international migrant intake, along with having strong interstate migration from Sydney and other capitals due to more affordable housing and cost of living, which have been two recent key factors driving Melbourne's growth.
In recent years, Melton, Wyndham and Casey, part of the Melbourne statistical division, have recorded the highest growth rate of all local government areas in Australia. Despite a demographic study stating that Melbourne could overtake Sydney in population by 2028, the ABS has projected in two scenarios that Sydney will remain larger than Melbourne beyond 2056, albeit by a margin of less than 3% compared to a margin of 12% today. However, the first scenario projects that Melbourne's population overtakes Sydney in 2039, primarily due to larger levels of internal migration losses assumed for Sydney.
Melbourne's population density declined following the Second World War, with the private motor car and the lures of space and property ownership causing a suburban sprawl, mainly eastward. After much discussion both at general public and planning levels in the 1980s, the decline has reversed since the recession of the early 1990s.
The city has seen increased density in the inner and western suburbs. Since the 1970s, Victorian Government planning blueprints, such as Postcode 3000 and Melbourne 2030, have aimed to curtail the urban sprawl.

</doc>
<doc id="19795396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795396" title="Henry Sheppard">
Henry Sheppard

Henry Sheppard (born November 12, 1952 in Cuero, Texas) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round of the 1976 NFL Draft. He played college football at SMU.

</doc>
<doc id="19795429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795429" title="Dee Cousineau">
Dee Cousineau

Edward Thomas "Dee" Cousineau (December 16, 1898 – July 14, 1951) was a professional baseball player. He played in five games in Major League Baseball for the Boston Braves over three seasons: one in 1923, three in 1924, and one in 1925, all as a catcher. In 1923, he went 2-for-2 at the plate for a 1.000 batting average, but in 1924 he went 0-for-2 to bring his career average to .500.

</doc>
<doc id="19795465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795465" title="Abd al-Hadi Palace">
Abd al-Hadi Palace

The Abd al-Hadi Palace or Qasr Abd al-Hadi is a large palace located in the Qaryun quarter of the Old City of Nablus. It was built in the 19th century as a residence for the dominant Abd al-Hadi clan of the District of Nablus. It consists of three floors, arches, winding staircases, hidden courtyards, gardens, balconies, and built mainly of white limestone.
The building was designed by Mahmud ´Abd al-Hadi himself, who was the governor at the time. To Mary Rogers, the sister of the British vice-consul in Haifa, it seemed at the start of 1860's as "the handsomest dwelling-house I had seen in Palestine. It is built of well-hewn fine limestone, and enriched with marble pavements, columns, and arches."
Today, it is still inhabited by some Abd al-Hadi families. In 2002 the Abd al-Hadi Palace was hit by mortar fire and damaged by explosions during the Israeli incursion into Nablus.

</doc>
<doc id="19795494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795494" title="State Auditor of Alabama">
State Auditor of Alabama

The State Auditor of Alabama is constitutionally required to make a full and complete report to the Governor of Alabama showing the receipts and disbursement of every character, all claims audited and paid out, and all taxes and revenues collected and paid into the treasury. The office also makes other reports to the Governor and the Alabama Legislature as required by law. Since 1969, the office has been responsible for maintaining all property records of all non-consumable property of The State of Alabama. Until 1899 the office was responsible for maintaining all land records of the State when at that time that function was transferred to the Alabama Forestry Commission. Audits conducts by the State are administered by a separate Office of Public Examiners.
The State Auditor also serves as a member of The State Board of Adjustment, The State Board of Appointment for Boards of Registars, The State Board of Compromise, The Alabama Education Authority ("ex officio"), and The Penny Trust Fund.
Election of State Auditor.
The State Auditor is an elected post chosen in partisan elections. It is elected in the same cycle as the other Constitutional Officers of the U.S. state of Alabama including Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, State Treasurer, and Secretary of State. State law prohibits any individual from being elected to more than two consecutive terms. The office has traditionally been held by women for most of the past sixty years.
The current state auditor is Samantha Shaw, a Republican first elected in November 2006 who took office in January 2007. Mrs. Shaw was re-elected in 2010 with 62.6% of the vote, the widest ever margin of victory for a Republican elected as State Auditor. Her husband, Greg Shaw, is a Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. 
Listed below are the State Auditors for the past several terms:

</doc>
<doc id="19795514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795514" title="The Meadows Racetrack and Casino">
The Meadows Racetrack and Casino

The Meadows Racetrack and Casino is a standardbred harness racing track and slot machine casino in North Strabane Township near Meadow Lands, Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. The facility is located between U.S. Route 19 and Interstate 79, north of Washington, Pennsylvania, United States and south of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
History.
In November 1962, ground was broken for the first parimutuel horse racing track in Western Pennsylvania. The track opened on June 28, 1963 and was operated by the Washington Trotting Association.
The Washington Trotting Association was purchased in February 1973 by a group including famous trainer/driver Delvin Miller. Miller's imprint still exists on the track today, with The Meadows most prestigious race bearing his name (the Delvin Miller Adios Pace for the Orchids), and a statue of his famous sire Adios located at the track's entrance. In 2009, the Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission erected a historical marker at The Meadows to note Miller's historic importance.
The Meadows introduced two significant technological advancements in 1983: Call-A-Bet and the Meadows Racing Network (MRN). Call-A-Bet allowed users to create individual wagering accounts and phone in wagers for races. In conjunction, the Meadows Racing Network telecast each day's live races and was distributed to local cable providers. The telecast also included a half hour preview show hosted by track announcer Roger Huston. The track used a marketing campaign to promote the services with the slogan "Every 16 minutes the place goes crazy", alluding to the typically quick pace from race-to-race at harness tracks.
Pittsburgh lawyer Stuart A. Williams purchased the track in 1986, and subsequently sold it to England-based Ladbroke Group PLC in 1988. The company changed the name to Ladbroke at the Meadows and opened a series of off-track betting parlors named Ladbrokes. The first opened in New Castle, Pennsylvania, United States in June 1990. Locations followed in Greensburg, Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Harmar Township, Moon, and West Mifflin (all in Pennsylvania, United States). The Greensburg location was closed in 2000 following the decline and eventual vacancy of the Greengate shopping mall at which it was located. The Johnstown, Pennsylvania location was later sold to the Penn National Gaming corporation in July 1998. All other locations currently remain operational.
Magna Entertainment Corp leased the track from Ladbroke in 2001. Magna transformed Call-A-Bet into Xpressbet, an internet and telephone based wagering service that allowed users to not only wager on The Meadows, but also on numerous other tracks owned by Magna or with whom a business agreement was in place. The Meadows was also featured on HRTV, a cable television station part-owned by Magna. The OTB names were changed to "The Meadows-"location"" (e.g. The Meadows-Harmar). Another Greensburg OTB location was opened in 2004 but closed in 2007. The Meadows-West Mifflin also closed it doors in April 2012.
Las Vegas based Cannery Casino Resorts purchased the track in July 2006. Magna was retained to operate the track under a five year management contract.
In December 2007 Crown Limited, an Australian company, agreed to purchase both Cannery's casino assets as well as The Meadows. However, in March 2009 Crown backed out of the deal.
Casino.
Legislation passed in the state of Pennsylvania in July 2004 included The Meadows among the locations slated to obtain a gambling license for slot machines. The legislation upheld a 2005 legal challenge by gambling opponents, and on September 27, 2006, The Meadows was awarded a gaming license by the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board.
On November 16, 2006, The Meadows broke ground on construction. Plans called for initial construction of a temporary casino adjacent to the track, which opened on June 11, 2007.
On September 5, 2007, a ceremony was held to mark the beginning of the grandstand removal, which was necessary to clear space for the permanent casino. The permanent casino opened on April 15, 2009; the temporary building was also closed on this date. Amenities include a casino, food court, cafe restaurant, premier steakhouse with view of the race track, covered grandstand, simulcast viewing area, VIP boxes, and a 24 lane state-of-the-art bowling center. The Meadows features over 3,300 slot machines.
On July 6, 2010, The Meadows Casino hosted an "invite only test date" for casino table games. The test runs were successful, and at 6 AM on July 8, 2010, the table games (including roulette, blackjack, craps, etc.) opened to the general public. The chips used by the Meadows Casino are RFID chips that have a special microchip inside of them, that broadcasts to the table that it is a legit chip. This measure prevents fake or forged chips from entering into the play area. The cost per chip is slightly higher than normal chips, but has less chance of being counterfeited.
Physical Attributes.
The race track is a 5/8 mile (1006 m) oval. As the standard harness race distance is one mile (1610 m), races start on the backstretch and proceed through three turns.
The original track surface was made of Tartan, a synthetic material manufactured by Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing (3M). As problems with Tartan surfaces began to emerge, the surface was changed to a more traditional stone dust.
The track has no hub rail (inner portion is marked by pylons). The stretch is 566 feet (173 m) in length, and 80 feet (24 m) in width. There is an inside passing lane in the stretch, referred to as the Lightning Lane.
Racing.
Unlike many other tracks in the United States, The Meadows conducts racing year round, with over 200 days of the year featuring live racing. The specific days that the track conducts live racing vary throughout the year. Racing is conducted primarily on Monday & Tuesday afternoons with first race post time at 12:55pm eastern. The facility conducts evening cards on most Wednesdays and Fridays with a post time of 6:55pm eastern.
Races are conducted with a maximum of nine starters. All horses start on the gate; no trailer is used except in curtain stakes races or early/late closer events..

</doc>
<doc id="19795529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795529" title="Nymphalis vaualbum">
Nymphalis vaualbum

The Compton Tortoiseshell ("Nymphalis vaualbum"), also known as the False Comma, is a species in the Nymphalidae family.
Description.
The underside of both the male and females wings are dark mottled brown, much like tree bark. While the outside is "dull" and bark-like, the inside is orange-brown with dark tips. There is a single white dot or comma on the underside of each wing of both males and females, hence the name False Comma.
Distribution.
It is seen in deciduous and coniferous forest in a wide range throughout the Northern Hemisphere. The nominate subspecies ("N. v. l-album") is found throughout central Asia. The subspecies, "N. v. j-album"'s, range consists of Alaska and Canada south into Montana and Wyoming. They are seen east to New England and eastern Canada and south to North Carolina and Missouri. They rarely migrate to Newfoundland and Labrador, Nebraska, and Florida. You can also find this species in temperate Eurasia.
Life cycle.
The adult female will lay her eggs in a clump on the host plant. Once the eggs hatch the caterpillars will feed together until they pupate. There is one brood that flies from July to November.

</doc>
<doc id="19795548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795548" title="Cal Neeman">
Cal Neeman

Calvin Amandus Neeman (born February 18, 1929 in Valmeyer, Illinois), is a retired professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Washington Senators, Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, and Cleveland Indians. He is an alumnus of Illinois Wesleyan University.

</doc>
<doc id="19795576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795576" title="Lambs Anger">
Lambs Anger

Lambs Anger is the third album by Mr. Oizo. Although this album contains many of Mr. Oizo's trademark avant-garde elements, it also has many elements of Electro and French House not previously heard in his albums, most notably French electro-rapper Uffie's guest track, "Steroids". The first single from the album is "Positif", which was released three days after the album's release and has received support from a wide variety of DJs, including Flying Lotus and D.I.M. Unlike "Analog Worms Attack" and "Moustache (Half a Scissor)", the album is composed of many dance tracks suited for a club environment.
The album was released in France on 17 November 2008 and in America on 26 January 2009. It has received mixed reviews, with Pitchfork Media and PopMatters especially disliking it.
Trivia.
The album cover pays homage to the 1928 surrealist film "Un Chien Andalou", where in place of Simone Mareuil is a puppet named Flat Eric, who appeared in the music video for Flat Beat.

</doc>
<doc id="19795614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795614" title="Lohner B.II">
Lohner B.II

__NOTOC__
The Lohner B.II (originally designated Type C) was a military reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I. It was a development of the pre-war B.I design, incorporating changes requested by the Austro-Hungarian army, but inheriting its predecessor's basic design, including its characteristic swept-back wings. 
Intended to perform better in the mountainous terrain of the Austrian alps, the Type C featured a longer fuselage, greater wingspan, and strengthened undercarriage. The Type B's Austro-Daimler engine was exchanged for a Heiro with slightly less power but also much lighter. The extended wingspan soon led to problems, however, when the prototype's wings collapsed under stress testing. A second prototype, with strengthened wings, was accepted by the Army in August 1913, and placed an order for another 24 aircraft. Soon after deliveries began, the wings of a Type C failed in flight, and all examples were grounded. Work to strengthen the wing design was carried out under the direction of Professor Richard Knoller but this was not yet complete when war broke out. Six Type Cs were immediately put back into action, with the grounding of the others being lifted shortly afterwards. The design proved too slow and too fragile for operational service, and was quickly reassigned to secondary roles. In February 1915, the "Luftschiffabteilung" revised its designation system to match that in use by Germany, and the Type C was redesignated B.II. Later the same year, a new and strengthened wing was fitted to all remaining B.IIs, and the B.II (along with the B.I) was put back into production under licence at Flugzeugwerk Fischamend for use as trainers. 
As the year drew on, the B.III, B.IV, B.V, and B.VI followed, featuring a variety of engines. None were produced in quantity, but the B.III and B.IV were also built by the new Ufag firm that had been established to produce these Lohner designs in Albertfalva in Budapest. Further development eventually resulted in the Lohner B.VII by the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19795641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795641" title="CSTCC">
CSTCC

CSTCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19795652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795652" title="Jessie Gaynor">
Jessie Gaynor

Jesse L. Smith Gaynor (February 17, 1863 - February 20, 1921) was an American composer of children's music. She wrote the music for the well-known children's lullaby, "The Slumber Boat", in collaboration with the children's author, Alice C.D. Riley, who wrote the lyrics.,
Her daughter, Rose Gaynor Barrett (1884-1954), was an American visual artist as well as songwriter under her maiden name, Rose Fenimore Gaynor.
Biography.
Jessie L. Smith was born in St. Louis, Missouri to a prominent businessman of that city and Susan Fenimore Taylor, from whom she inherited her love and talent for music and who was related to James Fenimore Cooper. As a child, Mrs. Gaynor sang correctly before she could talk. She was early placed under instruction, first in instrumental and later in vocal music, and continued her musical studies while in school and college. Aside from her piano study she became somewhat familiar with the cornet, double bass, and violin, and later studied the violin for two years. While at school, she played these various instruments in an amateur orchestra.
She later studied piano and theory under Dr. Louis Maas of Boston. Afterward she studied voice under John Dennis Mehan, theory under A. J. Goodrich and Adolph Weidig, and piano under Leopold Godowsky.
After marrying, she and her husband, Thomas W. Gaynor of Iowa City, moved to St. Joseph, Missouri, where Mrs. Gaynor organized the Ladies' Fortnightly Musical Club and became an active musical influence in the community. In 1895, she went to Chicago, where for five years she was a well-known teacher of piano and harmony, and published there her first compositions, among them "An Album of Seven Songs", "Rose Songs", and "Songs to the Little Folks", besides a number of single works, all of them favorably received. In 1900, she returned to St. Joseph and established a musical school known as The Gaynor Studios, which was very successful and constituted an art center, where drawing, painting, and other arts were taught in addition to the various branches of music. Her musical activities have extended to giving lecture-recitals of her songs, particularly for children, and talks on the musical training of children, for which she was in demand at musical clubs, state teachers' conventions, and other educational bodies. She was a member of the Chicago Manuscript Society and of the Musical Manuscript Society of New York.
Selected publications.
Her "Album of Seven Songs" includes a graceful setting of the favorite, "The Night Hath a Thousand Eyes", "Love's Coming", "Cradle Song", "If I were a Bee", "Lullaby", Sleep Song", and "And I".
The "Album of Rose Songs" contains "If I Knew", "My True Lover Gave Me a Red, Red Rose", "The Wind Went Wooing a Rose", "In my Garden", "My Valentine", and "Because She Kissed It". 
Among the "Songs to Little Folks" are "The Rich Little Dolly"," Fireflies", "An Early Morning Pastoral", and "The Flower's Cradle Song".
Another volume of interest to every child is "Mother Goose Songs" from the operetta, "The House that Jack Built", which Mrs. Gaynor wrote in collaboration with Mrs. Alice C. D. Riley.
Several recent publications are for the use of public schools, written with an educational objective. These include "Lilts and Lyrics", written in collaboration with Mrs. Riley, who authored the lyrics of most of Mrs. Gaynor's songs; and "The Elements of Musical Expression". "Songs of the Child World", Nos. 1 and 2, are for an earlier grade, and have a wide use in kindergartens and the primary grades of schools.
Mrs. Gaynor has also published some works for piano, among those best known being two books for beginners: "Miniature Melodies" and "First Pedal Studies". She has also written, in collaboration with Mrs. Riley and Frederic Fleming Beale, several successful operettas and cantatas, such as "The House That Jack Built", "The Toy Shop", "The First Lieutenant", "The Man with a Wart", and "Harvest Time, Christmas Time, and Blossom Time". Elson says of her children's songs that in this juvenile vein she has no equal among American women, and that some of them may be readily used by "children of a larger growth." Mrs. Gaynor's reputation rests principally on her songs. In the attractive operettas her gift of melody and of rhythm is in evidence, and also the same instinct which unites the words and music of her songs into an artistic whole.

</doc>
<doc id="19795666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795666" title="Adultery (Do-Re-Mi album)">
Adultery (Do-Re-Mi album)

Adultery is the CD/EP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by Virgin Records in October 1987. The EP has five tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. Do-Ré-Mi's debut single "Man Overboard" had been top 5 hit in 1985, but "Adultery", which charted on the National singles charts, had less chart success. It was released as a single in different forms for UK, German and North American markets, the Australian 1987 CD version had five tracks.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in January 1983. Paul Hester, later drummer for Split Enz and Crowded House, was living with Conway and guested on timbales for the track, "(Just Like) Hercules" from"The Waiting Room". "Man Overboard" had its first appearance on that EP but was later re-worked and released as a single in 1985 from the "Domestic Harmony" album for Virgin Records, it peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. In 1987, Do-Ré-Mi released the "Adultery" EP as a CD single with five tracks in Australia, while international single releases had different tracks as the B-side(s). Three tracks had previously been released as singles in Australia, "Guns and Butter", "Idiot Grin" and "Warnings Moving Clockwise" but had little chart success, "Adultery" peaked at #22 on the Australian national singles charts.
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip, except where indicated.
Australian 1987 original CD single release
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Additional musicians
Recording details

</doc>
<doc id="19795687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795687" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw F11–12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw F11–12

The Men's Javelin Throw F11-12 had its Final held on 10 September at 17:25.

</doc>
<doc id="19795695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795695" title="The Sacred Wood (T. S. Eliot)">
The Sacred Wood (T. S. Eliot)

The Sacred Wood is a collection of 20 essays by T. S. Eliot, first published in 1920. Topics include Eliot's opinions of many literary works and authors, including Shakespeare's play "Hamlet", and the poets Dante and Blake.
One of his most important prose works, "Tradition and the Individual Talent" which was originally published in two parts in "The Egoist", is a part of the "The Sacred Wood" collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19795716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795716" title="Nanhua">
Nanhua

Nanhua or Nan Hua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19795775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795775" title="Yevgeny Krylatov">
Yevgeny Krylatov

Yevgeny Pavlovich Krylatov (; born 23 February 1934 in Lysva) is a Russian composer who wrote songs for over 120 Soviet and Russian movies and animated films.
Awards.
Krylatov was awarded People's Artist of Russia in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19795800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795800" title="Lohner B.VII">
Lohner B.VII

__NOTOC__
The unarmed Lohner B.VII and its armed derivative the C.I were military reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I. 
Design and development.
The Lohner B.VII/C.1 were the ultimate developments in a family of aircraft that had begun with the B.I prior to the outbreak of war, and were the first members of that family that proved suitable for front line service during the conflict.Like their predecessors, the B.VII and C.I were conventional biplanes with characteristic swept-back wings.
Operational history.
The B.VII appeared in August 1915 and finally provided a machine suitable for service use. These were used to conduct long-range reconnaissance missions over the Italian Front, as well as occasional bombing raids, carrying 80 kg (180 lb) of bombs internally. Many B.VIIs in operational service were equipped with machine guns on flexible mounts for the observer, and this led to the armed C.I version being produced at both the Lohner and Ufag factories. Aside from its factory-installed armament, the C.I also sported a streamlined cowling around the engine, whereas the B-types had their cylinders exposed to the airstream. Notable missions carried out by these aircraft included the raid on the Porta Volta power station in Milan on 14 February 1916 (a 378 km/276 mi round trip for 12 B.VIIs) and Julius Arigi sinking an Italian steamer at Valona in a B.VII in 1916.
Production of all versions ceased in 1917, and all were withdrawn from service soon afterwards. 

</doc>
<doc id="19795810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795810" title="Yapon Danzan">
Yapon Danzan

Ajvaagiyn Danzan (; 1895–1932)) also known as "Yapon Danzan" (literally "Japan Danzan") or "Little Danzan", was chairman of Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP) from January 2, 1923 to August 31, 1924.
Born to peasant parents in Tüsheet Khan Province (present day east central Mongolia) in 1895, Danzan traveled to Japan in 1916, thus earning the moniker he carried later in life to distinguish him from his contemporary namesake, party leader Soliin Danzan. He joined the Mongolian People's Party in 1921, was elected vice-chairman of the party central committee from 1922 to 1923, and then chairman from 1923 to 1924. Danzan was party chairman during the Third Party Congress in 1924 that saw the purge and execution of former party chairman Soliin Danzan. After serving again as party deputy chairman from 1924 to 1925 he became a diplomatic envoy with postings in Soviet Russia (1925-1926) and then to China (Beijing, Shanghai. Tianjin, Nanjing, and Harbin) from 1926 to 1928. From 1929 to 1931 he worked at the Institute of Manuscripts alongside Prime Minister Anandyn Amar.
In 1932 Danzan was caught up in a widescale purge of suspected rightwingers (mostly politicians who voiced concerns with growing Soviet influence in Mongolia) that included Tseveen Jamsrano, Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, and N. Jadamba. Danzan was arrested and charged with counterrevolution for allegedly collaborating with Japanese intelligence as his nickname suggested. He died in prison in 1932 before going to trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19795832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795832" title="Colias interior">
Colias interior

The Pink-edged sulphur ("Colias interior") is a species of North American butterfly in the Pieridae family.
Description.
The wingspan for this butterfly is 39 to 66 mm.
Distribution.
See range map.
Life cycle.
There is one flight between June to August. The adult female lays eggs on blueberry plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19795837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795837" title="The Meadows (park)">
The Meadows (park)

__NOTOC__
The Meadows is a large public park in Edinburgh, Scotland, to the south of the town centre. They consist largely of open grassland crossed by tree-lined paths, but also have a children's playground, a croquet club, tennis courts and cricket pitches. It is bordered by the University of Edinburgh's George Square campus and the Quartermile development on the site of the old Edinburgh Royal Infirmary to the north and Marchmont to the south. To the south-west it becomes Bruntsfield Links where there is a free, public pitch and putt golf course.
History.
The Meadows originally contained a loch, known as the "burgh loch" or, later, the "South Loch". It covered much of the area bounded in the east by Hope Park Terrace and in the west by the point where Melville Drive becomes Brougham Street, and in the south by Melville Drive and in the north by the site later occupied by the Old Royal Infirmary, a total of . The loch drained from east to west, where the burn known as the Loch-rin was sluiced to prevent the water from draining out. It is from this burn that the street names Lochrin Buildings and Lochrin Place in Tollcross derive. Until Edinburgh's first piped water supply from Comiston arrived in 1621, the loch provided much of the town's drinking water.
It was partially drained in the mid-17th century and for a time named Straiton's Loch or Straiton's Park after the burgess who tried to improve the area. From 1722 century Sir Thomas Hope (c. 1681–1771), an agricultural improver and politician, ordered more drainage work, making the marshy land into a park with a path round the edge, hedges, avenues of lime trees, drainage canals and a summer house. The central tree-lined path known as Middle Meadow Walk followed, and for several decades maps labelled this area as "The Meadows or Hope Park". It is the traditional practice ground of the Royal Company of Archers, whose meeting-place is nearby. In 1827 an Act of Parliament protected the Meadows from being built upon.
Though animals were grazed there and notable Edinburgh citizens are known to have walked there, there was no full right of public access until the middle of the 19th century when new paths were gradually added, criss-crossing the park. An exception to city council rules against building on the land was allowed for the temporary large glass pavilion of the 1886 International Exhibition of Industry, Science and Art. The whale's jawbones now forming an arch over the Meadows path called Jawbone Walk originally decorated the display stand of the Zetland and Fair Isle Knitters Association.
In the 1870s the Meadows became an important venue in the early development of football in Edinburgh. Amongst the numerous fledgling teams using the Meadows were Heart of Midlothian F.C. and Hibernian F.C., later to become the city's preeminent sides, and the first derby match between them was played there on 25 December 1875. Although a modern plaque has been placed near Whalebone Arch to commemorate the event, the main pitch was on the eastern fringe of the park, running from east to west, parallel with the Boroughloch Brewery.
The Second World War brought more than 500 allotments to the east end of the Meadows as part of the effort to make the nation more self-sufficient in food. By 1950 many local residents wanted the area re-turfed, but it was 1966 before the last signs of vegetable cultivation were removed.
In the late 1960s, plans to complete a "flyover" over the Meadows for a trunk road were defeated.
Events.
The size and prominence of the park has led to many sporting events being hosted in the summer. Every March, nearly 1,000 runners take part in the annual Meadows Marathon, a charity half marathon and five-kilometre fun run, and, from 2013, a full marathon as well. Between 1975 and 2005 the Meadows Festival was held on the first weekend in June, returning from 2008 onwards. The Meadows is one of the host venues for the Edinburgh Festival, such as the annual Fringe Sunday. It is also the venue for the start and finish of the Edinburgh Moon Walk, an annual event involving 12,000 walkers raising money for breast cancer research and treatment. Being one of the few flat stretches of open land in the central area of the city, it is occasionally host to public protests and rallies, including the 225,000-strong Make Poverty History march on 2 July 2005. Circuses also frequently visit the Meadows around June. In 2013, a Giant chess set was placed at the children's play area on the east side.
Botanical.
The Meadows remains noteworthy for its mature elms, though Dutch elm disease has taken a gradual toll over the years. Most of the survivors (2013) are wych elm and Huntingdon Elm, but there are also specimens of the variable Field Elm and of Turkestan Elm, while an old Japanese Elm stands near the Chalmers Street entrance to the park, at the intersection of Coronation Walk and North Meadows Walk. Some replanting with the disease-resistant hybrid elm Ulmus 'New Horizon' has begun along Melville Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="19795981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795981" title="We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties">
We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties

"We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties (also known as WETD") is a show that was produced and broadcast by MuchMusic. The show featured a mix of comedy, animation, sketches and fake interviews derived from pop culture. Each episode was about 12 minutes long, but MuchMusic aired about 2 episodes per half hour. WETD also made fun of celebrities (for example, the show mentioned a Tokio Hotel tampon ad), censors words in videos/interviews that shouldn't be (for example, the show censors the word "kiss" in the video from Katy Perry's I Kissed a Girl so that it sounds like an obscenity) and jokes about sexual content. There were also fake Much program promotions, such as "Wake Up Much", a "live" morning show with a relatively sleepy host.
The show had a connection with Video on Trial, because it got mentioned on one of the episodes on Video on Trial. Both programs were vaguely similar in terms of its highly sarcastic tone and style.
It first aired in September 2008 as a replacement for "Stars Gone Wild" after it was cancelled, but WETD also fared poorly in the ratings with a lot of negative audience reaction voiced on the MuchMusic message boards.

</doc>
<doc id="19795990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19795990" title="St. Francis Episcopal Day School (Texas)">
St. Francis Episcopal Day School (Texas)

St. Francis Episcopal Day School (SFEDS) is a private Episcopal elementary and middle school located at 335 Piney Point Road in Piney Point Village, Texas, United States, near the city of Houston.
For the 1998-1999 school year St. Francis was named a National Blue Ribbon School.
After St. Francis.
Students who graduated from St. Francis attended various private high schools in the Houston area, including Episcopal High School, Strake Jesuit College Preparatory, Second Baptist School, The Kinkaid School, Saint Agnes Academy, St. John's School, and Houston Christian High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19796035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796035" title="Sonia Bompastor">
Sonia Bompastor

Sonia Bompastor (born 8 June 1980) is a retired French football player who played for French club Lyon of the Division 1 Féminine. She primarily plays in the midfield position, preferably on the left side. Bompastor can also play in the left back position. She is a two-time winner of the National Union of Professional Footballers (UNFP) Female Player of the Year, and following a move to the Women's Professional Soccer (WPS) league in the United States, earned Player of the Month and All-Star honors.
Bompastor began her football career joining US Mer in 1988. In 1992, she joined US Thoury. In the same year, Bompastor earned selection to nationally recognized Clairefontaine academy joining alongside a select group a female players. After her stint at Clairefontaine, she joined Tours EC, now the women's section of professional club Tours FC. In 2000, she joined Division 1 Féminine club ESOF Vendée La Roche-sur-Yon and performed well enough to earn a move to Montpellier. At Montpellier, Bompastor earned domestic and individual honors, which resulted in a move to champions Olympique Lyonnais. In 2008, she joined the new United States-based women's soccer league, Women's Professional Soccer, after her American playing rights were chosen by Washington Freedom in the 2008 WPS International Draft. After helping the Freedom reached the playoffs, Bompastor returned to France where she played for Paris Saint-Germain on loan. In 2010, she announced that she would be returned to Lyon for the 2010–11 season and, subsequently, was a part of the team that won the 2010–11 UEFA Women's Champions League.
Bompastor is also a French international. Prior to playing for the senior team, she played at youth level representing the under-18 team at the 1998 UEFA Women's Under-18 Championship. Bompastor made her senior international debut in February 2000 in a friendly match against Scotland. From 2004–2006, she served as the national team's captain. Bompastor has played in numerous tournaments for her nation beginning with UEFA Women's Euro 2001.
In June 2013 Bompastor end her career after French Women's Cup final. Now she works for Olympique Lyonnais as a scout. 
Club career.
Early career.
Bompastor was born in Blois and began playing football at an early age. Of Portuguese origin, both of her parents are from Póvoa de Varzim and most of her family still lives in the area. Bompastor told Ma Chaîne Sport that she always goes to Póvoa when she has the opportunity to do so. She was drawn to football through her father, who was a referee. He took her to many of the games he refereed on the weekends and Bompastor quickly developed an attraction towards the game. 
Bompastor began her football career in 1988 at US Mer, a local club in a neighboring commune, playing with the club's mixed team. In 1992, she joined US Thoury. That same year, Bompastor earned selection to an exclusive female team that was given clearance to train at the Clairefontaine academy by the French Football Federation. The academy had quickly become a high-level training facility for male football players and supporters of women's football wanted younger women to be afforded the same benefits from the facilities as young men. Following vocational training at Clairefontaine, Bompastor moved to amateur team Tours EC. She spent four years at the club before joining ESOF Vendée La Roche-sur-Yon of the Division 1 Féminine in 2000.
Professional career.
Bompastor's professional career began with ESOF Vendée La Roche-sur-Yon in 2000. She scored seven goals over her two years with the club before moving to Montpellier HSC in 2002.
At Montpellier, Bompastor blossomed and scored 38 goals over four seasons while helping the club win league titles in 2004 and 2005, as well as the Challenge de France (women's version of the Coupe de France).
Olympique Lyonnais was the next destination for Bompastor, for whom she joined in the summer of 2006. She became an important part of the squads that won back-to-back league titles in 2007 and 2008, and of the squad that won the Challenge de France in 2008. This gave her six titles in a span of four years, equal to teammates Camille Abily and Élodie Thomis who were also a part of the same Montpellier squad Bompastor previously had played for.
On 24 September 2008, Bompastor was selected to join the new United States-based women's soccer league, Women's Professional Soccer, after her American playing rights were chosen by Washington Freedom in the 2008 WPS International Draft. Her Olympique Lyonnais teammate Louisa Necib was also chosen by the Freedom. In the 2009 Women's Professional Soccer season, Bompastor appeared in 19 games (all starts, 1709 total minutes) and scored four goals with six assists. Following the conclusion of the season, she was loaned to D1 Féminine side Paris Saint-Germain.
International career.
Bompastor made her international debut for "the Bleues" on 26 February 2000 in a match against Scotland. She was a member of the squads that participated in the 2001, 2005, and 2009 editions of the UEFA Women's Championship. She also represented France at the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup and the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
On 27 September 2008, Bompastor picked up her 100th cap in a crucial UEFA Women's Euro 2009 qualifying match against Iceland, which France won 2–1.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 8 June 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19796037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796037" title="Brian Collins (singer)">
Brian Collins (singer)

Brian Collins (born October 19, 1950 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American country music artist. Between 1973 and 1974, he recorded two albums for Dot Records. In that same time span, he charted three Top 40 singles on the "Billboard" country charts. His highest-charting single was a No. 10 cover of Jack Greene's "Statue of a Fool."

</doc>
<doc id="19796039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796039" title="Taos Society of Artists">
Taos Society of Artists

The Taos Society of Artists was an organization of visual arts founded in Taos, New Mexico in 1915; it disbanded in 1927. The Society was essentially a commercial cooperative, as opposed to a stylistic collective, and its foundation contributed to the development of the tiny Taos art colony into an international art center.
The beginning.
Joseph Henry Sharp, who decided to make painting of Native Americans his life work, visited Taos on a trip through New Mexico in 1893. While there he became enchanted with the people of the Taos Pueblo and the landscape, an interest he shared with Ernest Blumenschein when they were studying art in Paris. Having heard of the degree to which Sharp was interested in painting the western United States, and the Indian pueblo of Taos in particular, Blumenschein came to Taos with fellow artist Bert Phillips in 1898. Planning only to visit Taos, they became enamored by the Taos valley and its people that they decided to stay. This was the beginning of the Taos art colony. 
Blumenschein described his first sights of Taos, "The month was September, and the fertile valley a beautiful sight, and inspiration for those who ply the brush for happiness. The primitive people of this out-of-the-way region were harvesting their crops by sunlight and by moonlight. Brown people they were, both Mexicans and Indians, happy people with happy children, in a garden spot protected by mountains." More compelling were the people. Native Americans had lived for centuries in the pueblo just outside the village of Taos. There a peace-loving, democratic society has maintained, and continues to maintain, its history, culture, dress and way of life over centuries. 
Ernest Blumenschein returned to New York for a time while Phillips stayed behind. Blumenschein kept up correspondence with Phillips and discussed setting up an artist colony in Taos. Blumenschein also wrote other artists in New York and Paris of Taos about the "beauty and artistic promise of northern New Mexico."
By 1915 Joseph Henry Sharp, E. Irving Couse, Oscar E. Berninghaus and W. Herbert Dunton came to Taos and with Ernest Blumenschein and Bert Phillips they formed the Taos Society of Artists. The six founding members were known as the "Taos Six". E. Irving Couse was the Society's first president.
Their work, defined the first several decades of the Taos art colony, was distinguished by: Native Americans in traditional clothing, area Hispanics and Anglo-Americans and landscapes.
They sent travelling exhibits of their work across the United States. Initial critical reaction of the works was that they were unrealistic and overdone: vivid colors, too emotionally evocative and strong vibrational quality. The artists questioned the critics veracity, since they had never been to the southwestern desert, nor the Taos Pueblo. 
Structure and membership.
Member artists had to have worked in Taos for three consecutive years, shown an interest and aptitude for painting Native Americans and have shown in reputable galleries or New York salons (ongoing art exhibits). The primary reason for the requirements was to ensure that the artists were well-intentioned and capable of capturing the character and spirit of the people. 
Later members included Julius Rolshoven, E. Martin Hennings, Catharine Critcher, Kenneth Adams, Walter Ufer, and Victor Higgins.
Associate and honorary members.
Some artists from Santa Fe, another developing arts center, were included as Associate members: Robert Henri, Albert L. Groll, Randall Davey, B.J.O. Nordfeldt, Gustave Baumann, Albert Groll, Birger Sandzén, and John Sloan.
Honorary memberships were extended to men who helped create a museum infrastructure in New Mexico: Edgar L. Hewett, the director of the Museum of New Mexico; and Frank Springer, whose donations helped to build the Museum of New Mexico’s Fine Arts Museum in Santa Fe.
Depression.
The depression was the precipitating factor for the dissolution of the Taos Society of Artists. Taos was devastated by the depression and the artist's patrons were not spending money on art during that time. Victor Higgins the most financially devastated by the Depression made two of his most important paintings during that time, "Winter Funeral" heralded by the New York press, and "Sleeping Nude" similarly praised by the Chicago Herald Examiner writer Inez Cunningham. Cunningham likened Higgins to a phoenix rising out of the ashes, "what heights of intellectual and emotional fire. He is one of those fortunate few who flower in maturity."
Influence.
The "Taos Six" applied academic technique to native themes to produce a uniquely American school of painting. Each artist's style was unique, though cross influence can certainly be noted as can strong elements of their European Academic artistic training. Aside from the inspiration of their environment, one quality early Taos art colony paintings share is their vibrant palette of colors - not a common sight when paired with more traditional representational images and application of paint. Today, these artists are recognized for their contribution to artistic development and their scenes of Taos locales grace the walls of many museums.

</doc>
<doc id="19796042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796042" title="Kumanova">
Kumanova

Kumanova may refer to one of the following

</doc>
<doc id="19796064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796064" title="Brian Collins">
Brian Collins

Brian Collins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19796120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796120" title="Metropolis (religious jurisdiction)">
Metropolis (religious jurisdiction)

A metropolis is a see or city whose bishop is the metropolitan of a province. Metropolises, historically, have been important cities in their provinces.
In the Eastern Orthodox churches, a metropolis is a type of diocese, along with eparchies, exarchates, and archdioceses. A similar system exists in the Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19796125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796125" title="..Cuz a D.U. Party Don't Stop!">
..Cuz a D.U. Party Don't Stop!

"..Cuz a D.U. Party Don't Stop!" is the sixth and currently final studio album released by the rap group Digital Underground. The album was released on May 20, 2008, ten years after the group's sixth studio effort, "Who Got the Gravy?", and two months after the group disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19796251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796251" title="Farmington Plan">
Farmington Plan

The Farmington Plan was developed by American research libraries in order to ensure access to research materials and publications regardless of war or other events around the world. The plan created a cooperative acquisitions program for foreign materials by region and subject. Even prior to the Farmington Plan, some institutions had already developed their own foreign acquisitions and preservation programs, including the University of Florida, which preserved Caribbean materials and was only added later as partner in the Farmington Plan.
The Farmington Plan was directed from a central office located at the Harvard College Library. This central office was responsible for financial coordination as well as maintaining and collating annual records regarding the plan. The office was initially supported by the Carnegie Corporation of New York and later by the Harvard College Library. Materials were selected and purchased by Farmington Plan Agents in foreign countries, classified, and shipped to participant libraries.
The plan was plagued with difficulties. Agents had difficulty classifying acquired materials, which led to delays in the placement of documents in library collections. In addition, differences in currency and international laws complicated materials acquisitions from foreign booksellers.
Throughout its existence, numerous criticisms were leveled at the plan. Among these were the complaint that the plan would not assist in the acquiring of early-print manuscripts, or recent important printed works (which would be acquired by American library interests without the necessary intervention of the plan). Many important foreign documents, such as government publications or academic dissertations, remained beyond the plan's reach. In addition, many library professionals were dissatisfied with a perceived bias within the plan in favor of materials originating in Western European countries.
History.
The Farmington Plan's origins stemmed from the outbreak of World War II in 1939 and the ensuing lack of access to foreign research materials by American scholars, along with the destruction of many such materials during times of conflict.
In response to the war and its effect on scholastic access to material, Librarian of Congress Archibald MacLeish sent out a call for advice and suggestions on how best to handle the matter. Between 1939 and 1942 numerous suggestions and plans were put forward on the subject by several prominent American librarians of the time, all of which influenced the form of the plan at its inception.
The plan was initiated on October 9, 1942 when an advisory committee met in Farmington, Connecticut to discuss collaborative collection development for preservation and access to foreign materials.
At its initial inception, the plan was known as the "Proposal for a Division of Responsibility among American Libraries in the Acquisition and Recording of Library Materials" and existed as an autonomous entity until it was formally incorporated into the Association of Research Libraries on March 1, 1944.
At its inception, the plan surveyed and collected material from Belgium and Mexico (1944), Peru, Spain, Sweden, Canada, France, and Italy (1945).
The outbreak of the Korean War in 1953 changed the scope and implementation of the Farmington Plan. Prior to the war it had focused primarily on the acquisition of scholastic materials, mostly from European countries. After 1953, the plan expanded to begin acquiring materials from outside western countries, and the plan's mission statement changed to emphasize the acquisition of materials with intelligence value.
The plan went into decline through the 1960s and was finally discontinued in 1972, in part due to the resurgent strength of the cross-Atlantic book markets after World War Two. However, the plan's legacy persists into the modern day in the form of numerous other cooperative foreign acquisition programs among American libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="19796325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796325" title="Alicia Haydock Munnell">
Alicia Haydock Munnell

Alicia H. Munnell is the Peter F. Drucker Professor of Management Sciences at Boston College's Carroll School of Management. She also serves as the director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. Munnell is a leading authority on retirement income policy, including Social Security, employer-sponsored pensions, and labor force activity among older workers.
Career.
Alicia H. Munnell earned her B.A. from Wellesley College, an M.A. from Boston University, and her Ph.D. from Harvard University.
Munnell spent 20 years at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (1973–1993), where she became senior vice president and director of research in 1984.
From 1993-1995, she was the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy. She then became a member of the President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1995-1997. Munnell joined the Boston College faculty in 1997 and founded the Center for Retirement Research in 1998.
She has published many articles, authored numerous books, and edited several volumes on tax policy, Social Security, public and private pensions, and productivity.
Alicia Munnell was co-founder and first president of the National Academy of Social Insurance and is currently a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Institute of Medicine, and the Pension Research Council at Wharton.
In 2007, she was awarded the International INA Prize for Insurance Sciences by the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei in Rome. In 2009, she received the Robert M. Ball Award for Outstanding Achievements in Social Insurance from the National Academy of Social Insurance.
Boards.
Munnell is a member of the board of The Century Foundation, the National Bureau of Economic Research, and the Pension Rights Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19796370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796370" title="Theodor Kotschy">
Theodor Kotschy

Karl Georg Theodor Kotschy (15 April 1813 – 11 June 1866) was an Austrian botanist and explorer who was a native of Ustroń, in Austrian Silesia. He was the son of theologian Carl Friedrich Kotschy (1789–1856).
Biography.
From 1836 to 1862 he performed extensive botanical research throughout the Middle East and northern Africa, in which he collected over 300,000 botanical specimens. Beginning in 1836, he accompanied geologist Joseph Russegger (1802–1863) on a scientific trip to Cilicia and Syria, afterwards journeying through Nubia and Sennar. Following the dissolution with Russegger's expedition, he remained in Egypt. He later traveled to Kurdufan (1839), Cyprus, Syria, Mesopotamia and Kurdistan (1840–41); and during 1842–43 he undertook an expedition to Persia. Later he performed botanical investigations in Egypt, Palestine and Lebanon (1855); and also in Cyprus, Asia Minor and Kurdistan (1859). In 1862 he performed additional botanical research in Cyprus and Syria.
The plant genus "Kotschya" from the family Fabaceae is named in his honor. His name is also associated with a species of lizard, "Kotschy’s gecko" ("Cyrtopodion kotschyi").

</doc>
<doc id="19796380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796380" title="Zay El Naharda">
Zay El Naharda

Zay El Naharda (Arabic: , On A Day Like Today) is a 2008 Egyptian thriller film, it was the debut of its writer and director Amr Salama.
Plot.
Mai falls in love with Ayman, who passes away chasing her brother Mohammad, a drug addict, who stole her bag. The story repeats itself with the same exact dates a year later with her new boyfriend Yaser. Mai asks for her friend's help, Riham who works as a psychiatrist as she detects Ayman's diaries with the help of his father and figures that the same story happened to Ayman, whose girlfriend died a year prior his death.
The movie kicks off with Mai telling what happened in the very end, where she is racing time to save Yaser from her brother, who is about to shoot him. She splits the story into two parts, the first concerning Ayman and the second concerning Yaser. Events are ambiguous a mysterious, but they unravel through the film.
In the end, the first scene is shown again, with the fact about Ayman's story being revealed. Mai reaches Yaser's apartment to find her brother pointing a gun towards Yaser, so she rushes and takes the bullet. The movie ends with Yaser on a date with Noura, Mai's friend. He announces his love for her, on the same exact day that he announced his love for Mai, one year before. And the interesting fact is that on one of the movie's scenes, in Yaser's apartment, a picture of him is shown where he stands next to Ayman.

</doc>
<doc id="19796392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796392" title="Crider">
Crider

Crider may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="19796395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796395" title="Zhang Yuehong">
Zhang Yuehong

Zhang Yuehong (; born November 9, 1975 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female volleyball player from Liaoning, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19796397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796397" title="Art Troutner Houses Historic District">
Art Troutner Houses Historic District

Art Troutner Houses Historic District is a historic district including three houses in Idaho. This district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 10, 2008. It is the 11th property listed as a featured listing of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.
Aupperle Studio.
The Aupperle Studio, also known as "Arrow House" is located at 3950 S. 5th W. It has an A-frame design, and is "cementious".
Migel House.
The Migel House is located at 4032 S. 5th W.
Poitevin House.
The Ada Poitevin House is located at 4012 S. 5th W. It has, essentially, 16 sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19796436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796436" title="Max Erdmannsdörfer">
Max Erdmannsdörfer

Max Erdmannsdörfer (14 June 184814 February 1905) (sometimes seen as "Max von Erdmannsdörfer") was a German conductor, pianist and composer.
He was born in Nuremberg. He studied at the Leipzig Conservatory, becoming concertmaster at Sondershausen. In 1874 he married the pianist and composer Pauline Fichtner, a student of Franz Liszt. She later used the professional name Pauline Erdmannsdörfer-Fichtner.
Erdmannsdörfer corresponded with Liszt, and he premiered Liszt’s symphonic poem "Hamlet" at Sondershausen on 2 July 1876. He also once owned at least parts of the score of Liszt's lost Piano Concerto No. 3, which was finally pieced together only in 1989 from separate manuscript pages that had been dispersed as far afield as Weimar, Nuremberg and Leningrad.
Max Erdmannsdörfer also had an association with Joachim Raff. He and Pauline were the co-dedicatees of the two-piano version of Raff's Piano Quintet, Op. 107, and they premiered it at Sondershausen on 22 September 1877. In 1870, Pauline had been the dedicatee of Raff’s Piano Suite in G minor. Erdmannsdörfer completed Raff's unfinished Symphony No. 11, Op. 214, after its composer's death, and had it published.
He premiered Sir Alexander Mackenzie’s overture "Cervantes" at Sondershausen in 1877.
In 1882 he became the principal conductor of the Russian Musical Society concerts in Moscow, and professor at the Moscow Conservatory. He and his wife remained there until 1889.
He had a significant association with Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. While Tchaikovsky wrote that Erdmannsdörfer was "inclined to indulge the public's taste of exaggerated nuances" and "offhanded in his attitude to Russian music (except my own)", he nevertheless considered him "a very skilful, experienced and expert conductor". Tchaikovsky permitted him to conduct the following premiere performances of his works, all in Moscow:
Tchaikovsky's Suite No. 3 is dedicated to Erdmannsdörfer, who gave the Moscow premiere in January 1885, a few days after the world premiere in Saint Petersburg under Hans von Bülow. One source says Erdmannsdörfer conducted the premiere of Tchaikovsky's "Serenade for Strings", Op. 48, but other sources say it was Eduard Nápravník (Saint Petersburg, 30 October 1881). It is possible Erdmannsdörfer conducted the Moscow premiere.
Tchaikovsky so highly valued Erdmannsdörfer's arrangement of his "Chant sans paroles", Op. 2, No. 3, from "Souvenir de Hapsal" that he himself conducted it in 1892. Erdmannsdörfer also orchestrated piano pieces by Anton Rubinstein. His own compositions are forgotten now.
After returning to Germany in 1889, the couple settled in Bremen and in 1896 moved to Munich.
Erdmannsdörfer supported the introduction of the five-stringed double bass invented by Carl Otho.

</doc>
<doc id="19796465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796465" title="Kankali">
Kankali

The Kankali are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Kankal and Mangta.
Origin.
The word "kankali" is said to be derived from the Hidi word "kangal", meaning a pauper. This is said to refer to the fact that the Kankali were once a community of professional beggars. They are found mainly in the districts of Bahraich, Basti, Gorakhpur and Gonda. The Kankali speak Awadhi among themselves and Hindi with outsiders.
Present Circumstances.
The Kankali are strictly endogamous and marry close kin. Although they live in multi-caste and multi-religious villages, but occupy their own quarters. However, there is little interaction with neighbouring Muslim communities such as the Muker and Baghban.The Kankali are Sunni, but still follow many folk beliefs.
The Kankali are a landless community, and were historically involved in singing and entertaining their patrons. Their patrons belonged mainly to caste Hindu communities such as the Brahmin, Thakur, Kayastha and Kurmi, who paid them in the form of uncooked food. Most Kankali are now landless agricultural labourers.

</doc>
<doc id="19796583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796583" title="Baksa">
Baksa

Baksa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19796587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796587" title="RSA Tower">
RSA Tower

The RSA Tower is a , 22-story building located in downtown Montgomery, Alabama. It was built in 1996 by the Retirement Systems of Alabama. Its tenants include Raycom Media's headquarters, Morgan Keegan & Company, the Capital City Club, the Alabama Public Health Association, Alabama Department of Health, Alabama Department of Insurance, Alabama Artists Gallery, Bell Microproducts, and other legal, financial, and insurance firms.

</doc>
<doc id="19796609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796609" title="Archer River">
Archer River

The Archer River is a major river of the Cape York Peninsula, Far North Queensland, Australia. It rises in the McIlwraith Range, traverses tropical savanna plains and wetlands, flowing through Piccaninny Plains Sanctuary and Mungkan Kandju National Park, and enters the Gulf of Carpentaria on the western side of the peninsula near the town of Aurukun.
The catchment area for the Archer River is 13,820 km². During the wet season between November and April, the river floods, replenishing over a million hectares of wetlands. The Coen River is a tributary of the Archer River.
The river remains in a natural state with very little development and just one small dam that supplies water for the town of Coen. On April 3 2009, Queensland Premier Anna Bligh announced the Archer River would be included under the Wild Rivers Act (2005). The declaration means the river's fragile ecosystems will be protected by allowing only sustainable activities within its catchment.
Flora and fauna.
Much of the river is bordered by fig-dominated gallery rainforests which provide habitat for animals such as the White-tailed Rat, Spotted Cuscus and Palm Cockatoo. Toothless catfish are found in the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19796628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796628" title="It's Only Ketchup">
It's Only Ketchup

"It's Only Ketchup" is an album released by Tim Fite. Like his previous release, "Over the Counter Culture", the album was made available at Fite's website for free download. However, the album was only available on October 31, 2007—the day of Halloween. The album was, again, made available on October 31, 2008, along with a second Halloween-themed album, "Ding-Dong DITCH!!!".
Musically, it is similar to "Over the Counter Culture", eschewing the folk stylings of his studio albums and ending up as largely a hip hop album.
On the ANTI- website, Fite provides a humorous explanation of how the album came to be:
The song "Slash Rules" is similar to the song "C.R.E.A.M." by Wu-Tang Clan.
Track listing.
All songs written by Tim Fite

</doc>
<doc id="19796692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796692" title="Lufeng">
Lufeng

Lufeng may refer to：

</doc>
<doc id="19796704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796704" title="New Jersey Historic Trust">
New Jersey Historic Trust

The New Jersey Historic Trust was created by the State of New Jersey in 1967 to preserve New Jersey's historic resources. The Historic Trust's executive director is Barbara Haney Irvine.
Funding programs available through the New Jersey Historic Trust are 

</doc>
<doc id="19796724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796724" title="Michael Wardian">
Michael Wardian

Michael Wardian (born April 12, 1974) is an American marathoner and ultra-marathoner. He won the 2008, 2009 and 2010 US 50 km championships. In 2008, he won the U.S. National 100 km championship. Wardian also is the 2007 JFK 50 Mile winner, and won the National Marathon (now known as the Rock 'n' Roll USA Marathon) in Washington D.C. three consecutive years (2006–2008), and in 2010, 2011 and 2012. 
Wardian is known for the vast number of marathons he participates in. During a 45 day span in 2006, Wardian won four out of five marathons he raced. In 2007, he ran 13 marathons (not including ultra-marathons), and seven marathons in a span of nine weeks (winning three). March 2008 saw Wardian win the National Marathon in Washington D.C. on a Saturday, and then finish third at a marathon in Knoxville, Tennessee the very next day. In 2008, Wardian ran a total of 53 races. Wardian frequently participates in local races in the Washington D.C. area.
Running career.
Wardian set the world record for fastest marathon while pushing a jogging stroller from May 2007 to November 2009. He set the record at the 2007 Frederick Marathon with a time of 2:42:21. The record was broken at a duel at the 2009 Route 66 marathon by Zac Freudenburg, whose 2:32:10 time beat Wardian's 2:34:37 time.
Wardian also was a former record holder of the fastest Marathon on a treadmill. He qualified and participated in the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Men's Olympic Marathon trials. Some of the notable ultra-marathons Wardian has completed include the Marathon des Sables, the Western States Endurance Run, the Himalayan 100 Mile Stage Race and the Vermont 100 Mile Endurance Run. The United States Track and Field Association named Wardian the 2008 and 2009 Ultra Runner of the year. 
In November 2009, Wardian finished third in the IAU World 50K championships held on the island of Gibraltar. In 2010, Wardian finished third at the Marathon des Sables in 23 hours 1 minute 3 seconds, which was the best time ever by an American. In February 2011, the International Association of Ultrarunners named Wardian its inaugural Athlete of the Year.
On July 1, 2010, Wardian set the record for fastest indoor 200-meter track marathon record, with a time of 2:27:21. He qualified for the 2012 U.S. Olympic Marathon trials by running a 2:17:49 at the 2011 Grandma's Marathon. In September 2011, he won the silver medal at the World 100K Championships. 
In January 2012, Wardian ran 2:21 at the US Olympic Trials in Houston on Saturday January 14, and 2:31 at the Houston Marathon the next morning. He finished 62nd at the Trials and 16th at the Marathon. 
When asked in April 2009 why he competes in so many races, Wardian said:
A lot of people say, "Oh, you could be a 2:12 guy or a 2:14 guy if you just focused on one race a year, or two races a year and really built up." And I think the counter argument is that you could get hurt and you wouldn't have any races a year. There are so many opportunities out there and, I love to toe the line. I love to see what I can do and just push the limits and try and experiment with myself.
I like that people can look at me, and say, "Wow, if that guy can do 13 marathons a year and do pretty well maybe I can do one." I think a lot of people can relate to that. Like, that guy works a real job. He's not a professional runner.
Personal.
Wardian is a graduate of Oakton High School and Michigan State University, where he played for the lacrosse team. Wardian did not run competitively until after college. He lives in Arlington, Virginia, is a vegetarian, and works as an International Shipbroker. Wardian chartered the cargo that was on the "Maersk Alabama" when it was hijacked in April 2009. He is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19796779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796779" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's pentathlon P12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's pentathlon P12

The Men's Pentathlon P12 had its competition held on September 12, with the Long Jump starting at 9:00 and the 1,500m - the last event - at 19:25.

</doc>
<doc id="19796916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796916" title="Lohner-Werke">
Lohner-Werke

The Lohner-Werke or simply "Lohner", was a Viennese luxury coachbuilding firm founded in the 19th century by Jacob Lohner. 
Around 1900 the firm produced electric-cars, being the first in Austria to do; the cars were designed by Ferdinand Porsche. During the early 1900s the firm manufactured aircraft, after WWI the company manufactued trams, and after WW2 the company began manufacturing scooters and mopeds using engines from Rotax, with which it merged in 1959, forming "Lohner Rotax". 
In 1970 Canadian firm Bombardier Inc. acquired a controlling share in the company and renamed it Bombardier-Rotax GmbH.
Under bombardier the company became Bombardier Wien Schienenfahrzeuge (BWS), later Bombardier Transportation Austria GmbH. It relocated to a specialised factory in 2007, and now produces only trams (2012).
History.
In 1821 German Heinrich Lohner (1786–1855) established a workshop in Vienna, Austria, establishing himself as a wagonmaster. In 1823 he formed a joint venture with master saddlemaker ("Sattlermeister") Ludwig Laurenzi, "Laurenzi & Lohner". After the death of Ludwig Laurenzi in 1863 the company became "Jacob Lohner & Co." under Heinrich Lohner's son Jacob Lohner (1821–92). Jacob Lohner transformed his father's craft business into a factory; eventually manufacturing between 300 and 500 vehicles per year. The company supplied vehicles to the courts of the royal houses of Norway, Sweden, and Romania, as well as to the Austrian emperor; the company received the distinction "k.u.k. Hofwagenlieferant" ("Royal carriagemakers").
In 1887 Jacob Lohner's son Ludwig Lohner (1858–1925) took over the company; he decided that self powered cars were the future, initially working with Béla Egger, and in 1898 hiring Ferdinand Porsche (from Béla Egger's electricity company). During his employment Porsche designed a number of vehicles; the Lohner Porsche chaise was powered by batteries, with two front wheel electric motors mounted in the wheel hubs; one of his electric vehicles was a popular exhibit at the "Exposition Universelle" (Paris world fair, 1900). Porsche later developed a petrol engined cars with electric transmissions, some versions of which had additional batteries - and are considered to be an early version of the hybrid car. Vehicles using the petrol electric transmission with hub motors were sold to the German army and to the Viennese fire brigade. Porsche left the Lohner company in 1905, and joined Daimler affiliate company "Österreichische Daimler Motoren Commanditgesellschaft Bierenz Fischer & Co."; vehicles were later built using the Lohner Porsche system under the Mercedes brand of Daimler.
In 1909, the firm undertook aircraft manufacture, producing reconnaissance aircraft for the Austro-Hungarian army during the First World War, and a series of flying-boat patrol aircraft for the Navy, which were later copied by the Italian Macchi aviation firm for the Italian military in World War I. Lohner also produced aircraft for the budding Spanish Air Force.
After World War I the company abandoned aircraft production, and shifted its production to the manufacturing of trams, and coachbodies. During the Great Depression the factory in Floridsdorf shut down.
During the Anschluss with Germany Lohner produced aircraft wings; the plant was damaged in 1944, and post World War II the company was in public administration until 1949 when it was returned to the control of the Lohner family.
In 1949 Lohner began manufacturing scooters and mopeds which were designed by Otto Kauba, a production range that would include the well-known of which was the Lohner L125. the scooter range included popular models such as the "Sissy", L125 and L98, but sales were eventually reduced due to the popularity of the motorcar. Tram production also resumed post WW2.
In 1959, the Lohner factory merged with Rotax which had supplied engines for its motorscooters. During the 1960s contracts included hay-loaders, gun carriages for the Austrian Army, and Bombardier Ski-Doos which were produced under license from 1966 to 1970.
In 1970 the company was acquired by Bombardier purchased a majority of shares in the company and renamed it "Bombardier-Rotax GmbH".
Bombardier Transportation.
Reorganized later as a division of Bombardier-Rotax named "Bombardier Wien Schienenfahrzeuge" (BWS). After Bombardier's acquisition of Adtranz in 2001, the company's production plan designated the Vienna works for carbody production, specialising in Light rail vehicles (LRV).
The company moved to a new plant in the Donaustadt district of Vienna in 2007. As of 2012 the company operates as "Bombardier Transportation Austria GmbH & Co. KG", and manufactures trams.

</doc>
<doc id="19796928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19796928" title="Kotovo">
Kotovo

Kotovo () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Belgorod Oblast bears this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Chelyabinsk Oblast bears this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Ivanovo Oblast bear this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kursk Oblast bears this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Lipetsk Oblast bears this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Oryol Oblast bears this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, one urban locality in Volgograd Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="19797001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797001" title="Deer Creek Marsh Wildlife Management Area">
Deer Creek Marsh Wildlife Management Area

Deer Creek Marsh Wildlife Management Area is an New York State Wildlife Management Area (WMA) with a sandy beach on the eastern shore of Lake Ontario; it is in the Town of Richland in Oswego County, New York. Deer Creek Marsh lies at the southern limit of a 17-mile long region of sandy barrier beaches that protect coastal lagoons and marshes; the region is unusual geologically and is important as habitat for many species. Deer Creek Marsh WMA is part of the Eastern Lake Ontario Marshes Bird Conservation Area, along with Black Pond and Lakeview WMAs and the Sandy Pond Beach Unique Area. Some of the hiking and boating opportunities in the WMA are described in a brochure and a website created through the New York Sea Grant.
Until 1979, Deer Creek Marsh was divided into a number of privately held properties. The sand that underlies the region was being mined for construction and industrial purposes, and led to concern about the long-term conservation of the area. Efforts by New York State to make conventional purchases of these properties for a WMA were unsuccessful, and in the end the land was obtained through a controversial use of eminent domain.
Within the year, a project to restore the dunes commenced. Debris and unused buildings were removed. The project was partly a response to massive erosion in the region following April 1979 storms. A commission studying this erosion concluded that it was exacerbated by the degraded state of the native beachgrass and other plants along the dunes; beachgrass in particular builds and stabilizes coastal sand dunes. Damaged stands of beachgrass were replanted following some experiments with differing varieties and cultivation methods. These experiments were apparently the foundation for the extensive beachgrass restoration that was subsequently undertaken along the entire length of the eastern Lake Ontario coastal dunes.
Deer Creek Marsh WMA has also been designated a New York Natural Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19797007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797007" title="SM UC-42">
SM UC-42

SM "UC-42" was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 20 November 1915 and was launched on 21 September 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 18 November 1916 as SM "UC-42".
Service.
In a career that encompassed six patrols, operating from 1 January 1917, "UC-42" succeeded in sinking thirteen vessels totaling 9,636 tons, and disabling a warship of 1,210 tons displacement.
Fate.
"UC-42" sailed on her last patrol on 1 September 1917.
On 31 October 1917 Torpedo Boat TB 055 was accompanying minesweepers operating at the entrance to Cork harbour. At 1500 hours an oil track was seen floating on the surface of the water. Following it to its source, TB 055 used its hydrophone to see if the oil was coming from a submarine. Loud mechanical sounds, of "hammering" and "turbine-like noises" were reported and, believing this to be a U-boat, a marker buoy was dropped, followed shortly after by a depth charge. Following detonation of the charge, TB 055 returned to the area and found that the volume of floating oil had increased, and there were bubbles rising to the surface.
TB 055 signalled the nearby armed minesweeper HMT "Sarba" for assistance. "Sarba" used her hydrophone but detected no sounds from the presumed submarine. A second depth charge was dropped and "Sarba" remained on station overnight. The following morning HMD "Sunshine" and TB 058 swept around the spot, to confirm that the incident had not been a false alarm caused by old wreckage. On 2 November oil was still coming to the surface and dockyard divers arrived to inspect the assumed wreck. The divers reported a German U-boat lying on the seabed with her stern blown off, and a brass plate on her conning tower reading "C42, 1916" identified her as "UC-42". No survivors were ever reported even though some of the hatches were found to have been opened. It was thought likely that the submarine had been sunk by one of her own mines detonating under her stern while minelaying.
When the sinking and identification of the submarine was reported, the British Admiralty requested an identifiable item from the vessel for verification purposes, and in December 1917 divers recovered the telephone buoy from the conning tower. The Royal Navy's Naval Intelligence Department were aware of submarine's 1 September departure date from Belgium and were sceptical about the hammering and engine noises reported by TB 055. The Admiralty reported that "The longest known cruise of a UC boat in home waters is 24 days, so UC42 must have been dead long before TB 055 and Sarba dropped the depth charges".
Rediscovery.
The wreck was relocated on 6 November 2010 by Irish divers in just of water off Roche's Point Co. Cork. It was found with "little obvious explosive damage". A serial number stamped on one of the propellers allowed positive identification as the UC-42.
A commemorative plaque was subsequently attached to the boat's stern and under International Maritime Law she is now a War Grave, untouchable and the responsibility of the Deutsche Marine.

</doc>
<doc id="19797014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797014" title="Camurra railway station">
Camurra railway station

Camurra is a railway station in northern New South Wales.
The station is the junction for the branch line to Boggabilla, now cut back to North Star.
Layout.
The station layout is unusual for two reasons.
Firstly the junction is at Camurra rather than at the important centre of Moree to avoid the need for an extra large bridge over the Gwydir River.
Secondly, although the branch heads off to the east, the junction is at the western end of Camurra, requiring a 180 degree curve. This curve allows Boggabilla trains to reach Moree without the need to run around the engines. The junction is at the Mungindi end of Camurra station to allow trains from North Star to shunt or cross at Camurra if required.

</doc>
<doc id="19797031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797031" title="2009 Auburn Tigers football team">
2009 Auburn Tigers football team

The 2009 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University during the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Tigers were led by first year head coach Gene Chizik. Despite playing the 12th toughest schedule in the nation, the Tigers finished the season 8–5 (3–5 in SEC play) and won the Outback Bowl 38–35 in overtime against Northwestern.
While Auburn was unranked at the end of the season in both major polls, several BCS participating computer rating systems such as Sagarin (#22), Massey (#22), Peter Wolfe (#25), Howell (#24), David Wilson (#21), Team Rankings (#18) and the FACT Foundation (#21) included the Tigers in their final top 25 rankings.
The offense finished the season ranked 2nd in the SEC and 16th in the nation (with just under 432 yards per game), while the defense struggled with depth issues and finished 68th and 2nd worst in the SEC. The pass efficiency defense however was 3rd best in the SEC and ranked 22nd in the nation.
Coaching change.
On December 3, 2008, Auburn University announced that 10-year head coach Tommy Tuberville would not return for an eleventh season. The coaching search ended less than two weeks later when Auburn announced Iowa State's second-year head coach and former Auburn defensive coordinator Gene Chizik as the Tigers' next head coach. Auburn had interviewed at least eight coaches, including Buffalo's Turner Gill and TCU's Gary Patterson.
Schedule.
Auburn's schedule consisted of eight Southeastern Conference opponents (four home, four away) and four non-conference opponents. Auburn opened the season against Louisiana Tech. It was the twelfth matchup between the schools and the first meeting since 2004. The Tigers also hosted Mid-American Conference opponent Ball State for the third time. Also, Football Championship Subdivision foe visited for the first time since 1956. Auburn began conference play in the second week, hosting Mississippi State. The following week, the Tigers hosted West Virginia, the second game in a home-and-home series between the two teams. The Tigers had previously faced all twelve regular season opponents, with Auburn holding the all-time series lead going into the season against all but Alabama (33–39–1), LSU (19–23–1), and West Virginia (0–1).
Depth chart.
Starters and backups. 

</doc>
<doc id="19797042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797042" title="NSRL (disambiguation)">
NSRL (disambiguation)

NSRL is primarily the acronym for Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen, the Sports Office of the Third Reich. The NSRL was disbanded in 1945 after Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, when the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. 
NSRL may refer, however, to the following organizations created later:

</doc>
<doc id="19797061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797061" title="Dominique Alexandre Godron">
Dominique Alexandre Godron

Dominique Alexandre Godron (March 25, 1807 - August 16, 1880) was a French physician and botanist born in the town of Hayange, in the "département" Moselle.
Godron studied medicine at the University of Strasbourg, and during his career distinguished himself in natural sciences as well as in the field of medicine. In 1854 he became dean and professor of natural history to the Faculty of Sciences at Nancy. Here he established a natural history museum and reorganized its botanical garden (now the "Jardin Dominique Alexandre Godron", renamed in his honor). 
Among his numerous writings were a publication on the flora of the Lorraine region of France called "Flore de Lorraine" (1843), and the three-volume "Flore de France", a work on flora native to France and Corsica that was co-written with botanist Jean Charles Marie Grenier (1808-1875). In addition to his botanical works, he published a number of studies in the field of ethnology. 
Before Mendel, he discovered the main features of hybridation. In "de l'Espece et des races dans les êtres organises" he also demonstrated that hybridization in the vegetal world was, against the dominant thinking at the time, similar to hybridization in the animal world. He finally demonstrated the unity of mankind in his book dedicated to our specie. 

</doc>
<doc id="19797064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797064" title="Vortigern (disambiguation)">
Vortigern (disambiguation)

Vortigern was a legendary 5th-century British ruler.
Vortigern can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19797067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797067" title="Sections of Billings, Montana">
Sections of Billings, Montana

Downtown Core.
This is the main financial, business, cultural and medical area of Billings and the surrounding areas and is home to several high-rise buildings including Montana's tallest high-rise, the First Interstate Center.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Heights.
Located Northeast of the Downtown Core, was annexed into the city in the mid 1980s. This area is where the Lake Hills Golf Course.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Northeast.
Northeast is bordered by Roundup Road, Mary Street, Dury Lane and the Yellowstone River. Located northeast of the Heights.
North Elevation.
This area is where the Rimrocks rise up above the Yellowstone Valley.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Terry.
This area is where Central and Terry parks are located. Also where Billings Central Catholic High School is located.
Neighborhoods in this section:
West End.
Widely known as the West End or West Side, this is one of the fastest growing areas in Billings. The West End is the home of Rimrock Mall and Billings West High School, the home of the Bears. The local middle school is Will James, and Meadowlark Elementary is for K-6 graders.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Southwest.
This is the area where one of the three area oil refineries and the Sugar Beet processing plant in the Billings Metro Area is located. It will soon be the location for a new retail/commercial development called Billings Town Square in which Cabelas will be the anchor tenant.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Northwest.
This area typically encompasses the area north of Grand Avenue and west of Shiloh. This area tends to be the more affluent part of town.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Shiloh.
It is located to the west of the West End - Descro area, and is centered around Shiloh Road, a north-south arterial which in 2008 underwent a major widening project that included the addition of 7 roundabouts. Near the southern part of this section of Billings, south of King Avenue West, a shopping district called Shiloh Crossing was built around the same time, consisting of a movie theater and various restaurants, shops and department stores including Kohl's.
Neighborhoods in this section:
Outlying North.
This area is located north of the Airport and west of the Heights and is where the Billings Bypass is proposed to link the West End to the Heights.
Neighborhoods in this section:

</doc>
<doc id="19797084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797084" title="Paul Ramsey (politician)">
Paul Ramsey (politician)

Paul Ramsey is a Canadian academic and politician. A member of the New Democratic Party, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia for Prince George-North in 1991 and re-elected in 1996, serving until 2001. 
Ramsey was born in Pittsburgh and received bachelor's and master's degrees in English in the United States before moving to the University of British Columbia. He then held teaching and administrative jobs at institutions in the US and Canada, eventually becoming, in 1975, an instructor at the College of New Caledonia. He entered politics via his involvement in the CNC Faculty Association. From 1987 to 1989, he served as president of the College-Institute Educators Association of British Columbia.
His first cabinet appointment was as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Forests. In September 1993 he was appointed Minister of Health and Minister Responsible for Seniors where he served until February 1996 when he became Minister of Education, Skills and Training. In February 1996 he became Minister of Environment, Lands and Parks. In January 1997 he returned to the Ministry of Education, Skills, and Training. In February 1998 he became Minister of Education, which he remained until September 1999.
On September 21, 1999 he was appointed Minister of Finance and Corporate Relations. On November 1, 2000 he added the role of Minister Responsible for Northern Development.
Following the 1996 election, an unsuccessful recall campaign was launched against Ramsey.
Ramsey is currently a Visiting Professor in Political Science at the University of Northern British Columbia
Ramsey and his wife Hazel have two grown children, Paul and Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="19797120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797120" title="KJTV (AM)">
KJTV (AM)

KJTV (950 AM, "AM 950/100.7 FM") is a Lubbock, Texas, radio station broadcasting with a daytime power of 5,000 watts. Programming includes both local and nationally syndicated talk shows. 
News Director: Jeff Klotzman <br>
Talk Show Hosts include: Jim Douglass, Dave King & Eddie Griffis<br>
News Anchors: Matt Ernst, James Eppler, Jeff Klotzman, Kurt Kiser<br>
Weather Anchors: Matt Ernst, Rudy Pearce, Caitlin Napoleoni<br>
KJTV (as KSEL 950 1,000 watts Day, 500 watts Night) was the second radio station established in Lubbock, signing on in 1946. KCBD 1590 was third in 1949 and KFYO was the first, established in 1926, then moving to Lubbock in 1932.
In 2010, Ramar Communications purchased FM Translator K264AN (100.7 FM) and began simulcasting FOX Talk 950, as permitted under new FCC rules passed in 2009.
On July 1, 2013 KJTV was re-branded as AM 950/100.7 FM Lubbock's News, Talk, Sports. News/Talk and Ag programming air seven days a week from Midnight-3p, with NBC Sports Radio and sports play-by-play airing from 3p-Midnight, seven days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="19797125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797125" title="San Pedro Street">
San Pedro Street

San Pedro Street is a major north-south thoroughfare in Los Angeles, California, running from Little Tokyo in Downtown Los Angeles to West Compton.
San Pedro Street was one of the earliest roadways, along with Alameda Street, between central Los Angeles and the Port of Los Angeles; much of the road's original alignment south of Jefferson Boulevard has been renamed Avalon Boulevard.
The portion of San Pedro Street north of 1st Street was renamed Judge John Aiso Street in 1999.
Metro Local lines 48, 51, 52 and 352 serve San Pedro Street; Line 48 runs in South LA and lines 51, 52 and 352 in Downtown.
The Metro Blue Line serves a station in the center median of Washington Boulevard about half a block east of that street.

</doc>
<doc id="19797133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797133" title="Nantucket Shoals">
Nantucket Shoals

Nantucket Shoals is an area of dangerously shallow water in the Atlantic Ocean that extends from Nantucket Island, Massachusetts, eastward for and southeastward for ; in places water depth can be as shallow as . Depth soundings are unpredictable due to constant change from strong currents, which are rotary rather than reversing. The shoals lie just off a major transatlantic shipping lane. Numerous ships have been wrecked here, most recent and notably the oil tanker "Argo Merchant" in December 1976. Until 1983, the edge of the shoals was guarded by the Nantucket Lightship.
Nantucket Shoals is made up of the following features: 
According to the 2010 edition of the "United States Coast Pilot", the International Maritime Organization has established an "area to be avoided" for the Nantucket Shoals. Vessels transporting oil or hazardous materials and vessels of more than 1,000 gross tons should avoid the area bounded by the following points ("Note: not for navigational use"):

</doc>
<doc id="19797159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797159" title="Languages of the Central African Republic">
Languages of the Central African Republic

The official languages of the Central African Republic are French and Sangho. In total there are about 120 languages in the country.
In the CAR, French is the language of writing and formal situations. In 2005 it was estimated that 22.5% of the population could speak French[http://20mars.francophonie.org/IMG/pdf/FICHE_03_Nombre_de_francophones.pdf].
Sangho has about 350,000 native speakers. It has become the lingua franca of the country. It became a national language in 1963 and the official language in 1991. It's estimated that 92% of the CARs population is able to speak Sangho. The language has become the mother tongue of almost all children in Bangui.
Nearly all of the native languages of the CAR belong to the Ubangian languages. There are a few Bantu languages in the extreme south, along the border with Congo-Brazzaville, and several Bongo–Bagirmi languages in the north, near the border with Chad. In addition, there is a Luo language, Runga. 
Education for the deaf in CAR uses American Sign Language, introduced by the deaf American missionary Andrew Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="19797215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797215" title="Kewpee Restaurant">
Kewpee Restaurant

The Kewpee Restaurant, also known as Kewpee Downtown, opened under the ownership of Stub Wilson in 1928 as a Kewpee franchise. The building was approved for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, but due to owner objection it was not finally listed.

</doc>
<doc id="19797219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797219" title="N,N'-Methylenebisacrylamide">
N,N'-Methylenebisacrylamide

"N","N-Methylenebisacrylamide"' (MBAm) is a cross-linking agent used during the formation of polymers such as polyacrylamide. Its molecular formula is C7H10N2O2. Bisacrylamide is used in biochemistry as it is one of the compounds of the polyacrylamide gel (used for SDS-PAGE). Bisacrylamide polymerizes with acrylamide and is capable of creating cross-links between polyacrylamide chains, thus creating a network of polyacrylamide rather than unconnected linear chains of polyacrylamide.

</doc>
<doc id="19797236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797236" title="Marius Skinderis">
Marius Skinderis

Marius Skinderis (born 13 October 1974 in Panevėžys) is a Lithuanian professional footballer.
Skinderis has made 16 appearances for the Lithuania national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19797237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797237" title="Charles Carleton Coffin">
Charles Carleton Coffin

Charles Carleton Coffin (July 26, 1823 – March 2, 1896) was an American journalist, Civil War correspondent, author and politician.
Coffin was one of the best-known newspaper correspondents of the American Civil War. He has been called "the Ernie Pyle of his era," and a biographer, W.E. Griffis, referred to him as "a soldier of the pen and knight of the truth." Yet he remains little known to the present day generation.
Life.
A descendant of Tristam Coffin who arrived in the American colonies from England in 1642, Charles Carlton Coffin was born in Boscawen, New Hampshire, on July 26, 1832. Growing up in rural New Hampshire he was home-schooled by his parents. Village life revolved around the church, and in his teens Charles went to work in a lumbering operation and with $60 from his earnings, he purchased an organ which he gave to the church, and became the first organist.
During an illness in 1841–42, he had purchased a book about surveying which had a profound impression on the young man. From it, he developed what one biographer calls "an engineer's eye," which led to an interest in roads, rivers and elevations. This interest became apparent later in his writings as a war correspondent. By age 21, Charles left Boscawen and went to the city of Boston where he hired on to a surveying crew working on the road from Boston to Concord, Massachusetts. While employed there, he suffered a severe injury to his ankle when accidentally struck by an ax wielded by a fellow worker. The injury ended that job and later prevented him from serving as a soldier in the Civil War.
Lacking in terms of formal education, Charles' keen mind enabled him to achieve a self-taught education in engineering, lumbering and music. After recovery from his ankle injury he found employment in the engineering division of the Northern Railroad, and on February 18, 1846, he married Sally Russell Farmer. Although childless, the marriage was a happy one lasting 50 years. Charles' active mind soon led him to become interested in the relatively new field of electricity and to work on a power line between Boston and Cambridge. At the behest of Sally's father, Charles played a major role in the construction of an electronically transmitted fire alarm system.
This was followed by a major change in vocation. Feeling that there was a public interest in concise news and opinion statements rather than long, formal editorials, Charles obtained employment with the "Boston Journal" newspaper. This led to another milestone in his life after Charles and Sally visited the Saratoga battlefield in 1854. Charles' grandfather had fought in this Revolutionary War battle in 1777, and the visit led Charles to reconstruct in his mind the positions and maneuvering of those who had participated. This interest would have a direct effect on his later reporting during the Civil War.
A few years later Charles Coffin inherited of land in Illinois, and he and Sally traveled west to inspect it. Shortly before this, Charles had visited Washington, D.C., and had become interested in politics as a result of listing to speeches by Senator Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri, and other well-known political figures. While in Illinois, this new interest in politics led Charles to attend the Republican National Convention of 1860 which was held in Chicago. After the convention Charles was a member of the group that travelled from Chicago to Springfield to advise Abraham Lincoln that he had won the party's nomination for the presidency. In his job as a newspaper reporter, he went on to cover the 1860 election campaign and was in Washington to cover Lincoln's inauguration in March 1861.
Long opposed to slavery and secession, there would be no question of Charles Coffin's loyalty to the Union cause but, due to the old ankle injury, military service which demanded long marches was not an option. It was Massachusetts Senator Henry Wilson who suggested to Charles that his eye for detail and his command of language would make him an ideal person to cover the war as a correspondent. On his own, and not employed by any specific newspaper, Coffin began visiting the army camps and fortifications around Washington and sending reports to a variety of newspapers. The reports included "human interest" stories obtained through interviews with military personnel ranging from newly enlisted privates to generals.
The first major engagement between the Union and Confederate armies was the battle of Bull Run (or Manassas, as it was called in the South) only a few miles out of Washington. Coffin was there and his written accounts of the battle and its aftermath so impressed the editors of his old paper, the "Boston Journal", that the paper hired him to "cover the war" at a salary of $25 per week. He worked alone, without assistants, and was frequently the first to get reports from the war's battlefields to the media. He was present at, or immediately after, most of the major battles in the eastern theater, including those of Antietam and Gettysburg. He was the first to break the story of the Battle of the Wilderness, and was to become the only news correspondent to serve throughout the entire war—from before the battle of Bull Run, through Lee's surrender at Appomattox.
Coffin was always welcome at Union Army camps and was well-known and on friendly terms with many of the highest Union officers, including General Ulysses Grant, who gave Coffin a pass that allowed him to go anywhere in the Union camps and on the battlefields. Coffin was present when General George Meade replaced Joseph Hooker as commander of the Army of the Potomac just prior to the battle of Gettysburg. Coffin rode with Major General Winfield Scott Hancock on the approach to Gettysburg, and then accompanied Gen. Strong Vincent and Col. Joshua Chamberlain on their way to the successful defense of the strategic hill known as Little Round Top. When the fighting ended after Pickett's charge, Coffin rode through a driving rainstorm in two and a half hours, and then boarded a train to Baltimore, Maryland, from where he was able to telegraph his story of the battle to the "Boston Journal", the first news the nation had of that decisive battle.
Coffin was present in South Carolina when the flag was raised over the retaken Fort Sumter, and then hastened back to rejoin Gen. Grant for the final drive to Appomattox for Gen. Lee's surrender. During the war Coffin had used his middle name "Carleton" to sign off on his stories.
After the war Coffin returned to Boston for a well-deserved rest, but soon was at work on a series of books detailing his experiences as a correspondent. He wrote "My Days and Nights on the Battlefield" (1864), "Following the Flag" and "Four Years of Fighting", both published in 1865. Between 1888 and 1891 he also published "Drumbeat of the Nation", "Marching to Victory" (which contained a long account of the Battle of Gettysburg), and "Redeeming the Republic". Later, Coffin made a trip to Japan, China and India and described that trip in a book entitled "Our New Way Around the World". Finally, he turned to writing stories related to his boyhood and New England heritage, five books in all, and wrote several novels as well as biographical materials on presidents Abraham Lincoln and James Garfield.
Charles Carleton Coffin was not only well-known to many U.S. political and military leaders, but to many noted U.S. writers and to a large number of foreign dignitaries. His name is listed on the War Correspondent's Arch at Gathland, Maryland. He died in Brookline, Massachusetts, on March 2, 1896, a few months short of his 73rd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19797265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797265" title="John Neff (American football)">
John Neff (American football)

John Henry Neff, Jr. (September 12, 1887 – November 8, 1938) was an American football player, coach, college athletics administrator and doctor. In 1909, he served as the head football coach at the University of Virginia, where he compiled a 7–1 record, where his team outscored opponents 155–11. From 1910 to 1911, he coached at the University of South Carolina, where he compiled a 5–8–2 record. His overall record as a college football coach stands at 12–9–2. Neff was also the athletic director at South Carolina from 1910 to 1911.
While attending the University of Virginia, Neff captained the 1907 football team. He was also a member of the Southern Surgical Association, for which he served as vice president from 1934 until his death in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19797363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797363" title="Alexander Field (Blythe, California)">
Alexander Field (Blythe, California)

Alexander Field is a baseball venue based in Blythe, California, United States. It is home to a professional baseball team, the Arizona Winter League's Blythe Heat.

</doc>
<doc id="19797367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797367" title="Z Music Television">
Z Music Television

Z Music Television was a Christian-oriented cable television channel with a music video format similar to that of MTV, and, in its earliest days, direct marketing appeals similar to The Home Shopping Network. Their programming, largely music videos with some documentaries, interstitial "Z Buzz" news updates, and media related shows, was characterized as being aimed at "12-to 54-year olds." Unlike style oriented channels such as Country Music Television, they were not limited to a particular musical genre; they played the full spectrum of Contemporary Christian music from reggae to country music. Seven years after debuting as the first 24-hour channel to feature such music exclusively, Z Music Television closed in 2000.
Background.
Founded in 1991 by David McQuade, Z's offices were based in Lake Helen, Florida. Z Music Television first aired in March 1993, by which time the channel was helmed by former HSN consultant Kenneth Yates, who sought to make the channel more profitable by introducing "sales jockey" segments marketing Christian music CDs and cassettes, bibles, and other lifestyle products, directly to viewers. The network was acquired by Gaylord Entertainment Company in 1994, which moved network operations to the Opryland complex in Nashville, TN. Estimates of audience potential vary widely, but in 1996 the channel was available to between 20 and 35 million homes. The network was not part of the 1996 sale of sister GEC networks TNN and CMT to CBS's cable division. In 2000 Gaylord announced the cessation of the operations of Z Music, and shifted their efforts toward the internet.
Programming.
Z Music sought to place itself in a market segment that would be visible, even inviting, to non Christians while maintaining a direct appeal to Christians. For instance in advertising the network would downplay the word "Christianity;" sometimes the word would not appear. Instead the channel would focus on the positive, uplifting, and "objection-free nature of Z Music programming." The channel extensively partnered with record labels, its first partnership was a 1995 campaign with Benson Records. Even while investing in videos, some record labels indicated that their airing had no measurable impact on an artist's performance. In response, starting about 1996, the company began tweaking the channel's format, introducing shows dealing with lifestyle, and including videos which could be classified as "positive mainstream." Potentially, according to Suzanne Holtermann (manager of marketing), this could mean playing music videos by groups such as Boyz II Men and other mainstream acts alongside Christian market bands such as dc Talk, though such broad mainstream diversity was never actually realized.
In the late 1990s two studys of Z Music's programming classified its music videos into three categories based upon their audible and visible religious characteristics. As defined by their author these are:
The conclusion of the studies was that by showing a high number of videos with ambiguous spiritual content, the programming of Z Music Television was designed to make their Christian nature "apparent only to those willing to listen for it." It also stated that this finding conflicts with a traditional view that Christian performers should be ministers first, then entertainers.

</doc>
<doc id="19797397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797397" title="Tug of War (Enchant album)">
Tug of War (Enchant album)

Tug of War is the seventh studio album by the American progressive rock band Enchant. The live bonus track was recorded at NEARfest 2002 in Trenton, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19797398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797398" title="Alexander Field">
Alexander Field

Alexander Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19797399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797399" title="Real Deal (album)">
Real Deal (album)

Real Deal is an album by David Murray and Milford Graves released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1994 and features eight duo performances by Murray and Graves.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19797422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797422" title="Episemon">
Episemon

Episēmon (Greek , from "epi-" "on" plus "sēma" "sign"; plural: "episēma") is a Greek word that can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19797428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797428" title="Édgar Benítez">
Édgar Benítez

Édgar Milciades Benítez Santander (, born 8 November 1987), nicknamed "Pájaro" (bird) is a Paraguayan football forward. He currently plays for Toluca in the Liga MX.
Career.
Club.
Benítez started his career in Club 12 de Octubre of Itaugua before moving to Libertad in 2005 where he won the Paraguayan 1st division tournament although he mostly played as a substitute. In 2008 he was signed by Sol de América and quickly established himself in the club, being one of the team's top goalscorers.
On 1 December 2008, it was announced that Benítez will play in the Mexican League for Pachuca CF. He made his debut with C.F. Pachuca on 2 January in the Interliga 2009, scoring his first goal with the club in the 4–0 win over Tecos UAG. He would end the tournament as the top goalscorer with 4 goals in 4 games, helping Pachuca obtain a spot in the qualifying round for the Copa Libertadores 2009.
Since 2009 he wasn't considered as a starter for Pachuca. He is mainly used as a substitute for every match. He has participated constantly in Pachuca's matches in Bicentenario 2010. On 20 February 2010 he started a match against Chiapas. He scored twice in this game and Pachuca secured a 2–2.
National team.
Due to his good performances with Sol de América he was called for the Paraguay national football team and had a good debut, playing in his first 2010 World Cup qualification match against Peru in which Paraguay won 1–0.
Honours.
Libertad
Pachuca
Cerro Porteño

</doc>
<doc id="19797441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797441" title="Archbishop of Melanesia">
Archbishop of Melanesia

The Archbishop of Melanesia is the spiritual head of the Church of the Province of Melanesia, which is a province of the Anglican Communion in the South Pacific region, covering the nations of Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. From 1861 until the inauguration of Church of the Province of Melanesia in 1975, the Bishop of Melanesia was the head of the Diocese of Melanesia.
Responsibility of the Archbishop.
The Church of Melanesia consists of eight dioceses, formed into a single province. The Archbishop of Melanesia is therefore:
History of the See.
The first Bishop of Melanesia was John Patteson, consecrated in 1861. Three years later his church suffered its first two martyrdoms, and the Bishop was himself martyred in September 1871. He is now remembered in the calendar (list of saints) of many Anglican provinces. The mission to Melanesia advanced, and the diocese was subdivided and regional diocesan bishops created, until in 1975 it was officially formed into a new Province of the Anglican church with the Bishop of Melanesia, John Chisholm, becoming the first Bishop of Central Melanesia and Archbishop of Melanesia.
The primatial archbishop title belongs "ex officio" to the diocesan bishop of that metropolitan see – as such, the bishop elected as Archbishop leaves his previous see and is translated to Central Melanesia in order to become primate. Chisholm died shortly after appointment and the then dean of St. Barnabas Cathedral, Norman Palmer, was chosen the second Archbishop. After the retirement of Archbishop Norman, the third Archbishop was Amos Waiaru, who served until Ellison Pogo replaced him in the office where he served for fourteen years from 1994 to December 2008. He was honored by Elizabeth II – becoming a Knight of the Order of the British Empire – and by the Archbishop of Canterbury – being awarded the rare medal of the Order of St Augustine.
Election of an Archbishop.
The college of electors, who choose the new primate during a vacancy, last met from 3–5 March 2009, to carry out their electoral duties following Sir Ellison's retirement. They elected David Vunagi, Bishop of Temotu, as the new Archbishop of Melanesia. He was therefore translated to the Diocese of Central Melanesia and became the Archbishop of Melanesia "ex officio". He was enthroned on the Feast of Pentecost, 31 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19797453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797453" title="Builders hardware">
Builders hardware

Builders' hardware, or just builders hardware, is a group of metal hardware specifically used for "protection", "decoration", and "convenience" in buildings. Building products do not make any part of a building, rather they support them and make them work. It usually supports fixtures like windows, doors, and cabinets. Common examples include door handles, door hinges, bolts, latches, numerals, letter plates, switch plates, and door knockers.
Builders hardware is commonly available in brass, steel, aluminium, stainless steel, and iron.
Main suppliers in the world of builders hardware mainly exist in China, India, Mexico and some in the U.S.
Classifications.
While builders hardware is classified by supplying at least one of the three attributes listed above, it is usually broken down by where it is used, or by usage.
Bathroom hardware.
Bathroom hardware includes the products that are used in constructing and maintaining the bathroom appearance and decoration. Bathroom products includes faucets, showers, holders, tubs, shelves, mirrors, etc.
Door hardware.
All those products that are used either in door decoration, maintenance, or in any other function come under door hardware, such as door handles, fasteners, hinges, hooks, number plates, knockers, etc.
Furniture hardware.
Furniture hardware are those products that are used to support the furniture look, design and durability. Furniture hardware products include furniture frames, furniture legs, furniture arms, etc.
Safety & security hardware.
Buildings, goods and their occupants needs protection from fire, intruders, and other external agents. Proper protection systems include fire safe security system, home monitoring, smoke detectors, locksets, window guards, etc.
Plumbing hardware.
Plumbing hardware products are used for supplying water throughout the building using hose, pipes and tubes. These hardware products ensure that water is supplied properly and continuously. Since water runs or remains all the time in these products, it is needed that the materials with which these products are highly corrosion resistant and ca withstand extreme temperatures. The most common materials are copper, aluminum, steel and PVC.
Cabinet hardware.
The products that are used to make cabinets working come under cabinet hardware like cabinet fasteners, brackets, latches, hinges, pulls, locks, etc. Cabinet hardware are small components that make cabinets functional. These products are made of materials like plastics, metals and may be glasses.
Window hardware.
Window hardware does not include window itself rather they are smaller components that are used to install, fix and protect windows, such as window extrusions, fasteners, handles, hinges, locks and many more.
Curtain hardware.
Curtain hardware includes products like hooks, curtain rings, curtain finials, etc. These products are used to hang curtain at doors, windows, verandas, etc. Curtain hooks and poles are used to handle and move the curtains. Curtain hardware products are made of varieties of materials including metals and plastics. Mostly aluminum and iron are used for making rings, hooks, rods and poles.

</doc>
<doc id="19797456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797456" title="Laurel Bloomery, Tennessee">
Laurel Bloomery, Tennessee

Laurel Bloomery is an unincorporated community in Johnson County, Tennessee, United States. Settled in the early 19th century, the community's first forge mill was built and began operation in 1810.
The mill was closed in 1870, but portions are still standing today. The area is known for its beautiful mountains and secluded valleys. 
Laurel Bloomery is the northeasternmost community in the state of Tennessee.
Old Time Fiddler's Convention.
The Old Time Fiddler's Convention is held the Saturday before Labor Day weekend at the Old Mill Music Park. Local musicians travel far and wide to attend this festival, marked with old time folk and bluegrass music (it is next scheduled for August 23-24, 2013). It marks the annual anniversary of an historic fiddlers convention in 1925, held then in nearby Mountain City.
Pioneering fiddler G. B. Grayson is buried in Gentry Cemetery, in Laurel Bloomery. 
He mentions Laurel Bloomery in the 1928 Victor recording of the song "Train 45": "I'm a goin' to Laurel Bloomery, Tennessee, Henry..."
Education.
Laurel Elementary School is the primary school in the Laurel Bloomery community. 
The school houses grades K-6 with an approximate enrollment of 102 students. The school started in the early 20th century in a small, one-room building and housed grades K-12. It continued to house grades K-8 until the 1970s, when middle and high schools were built in the Mountain City section of Johnson county.

</doc>
<doc id="19797464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797464" title="Amilos">
Amilos

Amilos () was a settlement in ancient Arcadia. It was situated in the territory of Orchomenus, on the road from Orchomenus to Stymphalus. A road to Pheneus branched off here. The springs of Teneiae were about 1 km from Amilus. The location of the ancient settlement is presently unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19797472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797472" title="Puerto Hormiga archaeological site">
Puerto Hormiga archaeological site

The Puerto Hormiga archaeological site is located in the Bolivar department, Colombia, on the Atlantic coast. It has an uncertain date, between 4000 and 12,000 BC.
Its traces give an account of a semi-sedentary agricultural society in the making, whose members were involved in hunting and gathering shellfish, as evidenced by shells found there.
According to other findings like ceramic remains and the abundant stone material, the activities of nomadic peoples were already beginning to be complemented with small-scale horticulture and agriculture.
A shell ring of the Late Archaic period has been described at Puerto Hormiga. The Puerto Hormiga ring is composed primarily of clam shells, and is located in a marsh. It has an outside diameter of , a height of about , and the base of the ring mound is to wide. It has a clear interior plaza. 
Sherds of fiber-tempered and sand-tempered pottery, as well as stone tools, were found associated with the shell ring. The earliest have been dated to 3794 BC. The fiber-tempered pottery is "crude", formed from a single lump of clay. Sand-tempered coiled ceramics have also been found at Puerto Hormiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19797480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797480" title="Anna Langford">
Anna Langford

Anna Langford (1917 – September 17, 2008) was an American politician and lawyer who served on the Chicago City Council in Chicago, Illinois. Langford became the first African American woman elected to the Chicago City Council in 1971. She ultimately served three nonconsecutive terms on the council.
Anna Langford was born in Springfield, Ohio to an African American father and a white mother. Both of her parents died when she was young. However, it was the circumstances of her mother's death which would having a lasting impact on Langford's life and her involvement with the civil rights movement. Her mother, who was white, was taken to an Ohioan hospital suffering from appendicitis. However, when her children, including Anna, who were biracial, came to visit their sick mother, the hospital immediately ordered her transferred to another hospital for African Americans. Langford's mother suffered a burst appendix while en route to the second hospital and did not survive. Her mother's death, which was caused by racism and discrimination, would shape the rest of Langford's life.
Langford moved to Chicago after the death of her parents. She graduated from Hyde Park High School and Roosevelt University. She enrolled at John Marshall Law School and became a lawyer in 1956.
She became intimately involved in the Civil Rights Movement, both within the Chicago Metropolitan Area and nationwide. Langford met with Martin Luther King Jr. in the living room of her own home in 1966 to plan a march on Cicero, Illinois, to promote racial integration within the suburb.
Langford ran for a seat on the Chicago City Council in 1971 after losing in her first attempt four years earlier. She was the Chicago's first woman to be elected alderman on February 23, 1971. She was elected to represent the 16th Ward, which encompassed portions of the Back of the Yards, Gage Park and Englewood.
Langford lost her re-election bid for city council in 1975. She lost another election attempt in 1979, before finally winning election a second time to the Chicago City Council in 1983. She was re-elected in 1987 and retired from her seat four years later. In the Chicago City Council reorganization of 1988, Anna Langford became Mayor Pro-Tempore of the Council, a post she held from 1988-1991.
In the early 1980s, Langford challenged United States Congressman Harold Washington, to run for Mayor of Chicago. She reportedly told Washington that she would run for mayor if her didn't, even going so far as to have "Langford for Mayor" cards printed to pressure Washington into entering the race. Her persuasion worked. Washington successfully ran for Mayor and was elected 1983. Washington's death in 1987 of a heart attack, brought Langford into the public spotlight as a mediator between two rival African American aldermen, Eugene Sawyer and Timothy C. Evans, who sought to succeed him. Langford ultimately backed Eugene Sawyer who was selected by the Chicago City Council to fill the Mayoral vacancy.
Langford was a supporter of Barack Obama's candidacy for President of the United States during her later life.
Ann Langford died of lung cancer on September 17, 2008, at her home in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago at the age of 90. Langford was survived by her son, Larry Langford, three grandchildren and one great-grandchild.

</doc>
<doc id="19797534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797534" title="Amy Wong (producer)">
Amy Wong (producer)

Amy Wong () is a Hong Kong television drama producer. She worked for RTV and ATV before moving to TVB in 1989. Wong is known for her collaborations with Kevin Cheng and Ruco Chan, in which her productions have boosted both actors to stardom.

</doc>
<doc id="19797568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797568" title="The Corn Sisters">
The Corn Sisters

The Corn Sisters were a Canadian-U.S. alternative country act formed in Vancouver in 1998 as a side project by Neko Case and Carolyn Mark. Case had already released a solo album ("The Virginian", 1997), while Mark had released six albums with her former band The Vinaigrettes.
Career.
The Corn Sisters built a reputation as "a dynamic touring duo" performing in coffee shops and other small venues before gaining wider exposure as the opening act for Richard Buckner. One of their coffee shop performances, recorded at Seattle's “Hattie’s Hat” in May 1998, was released as "The Other Women" by Mint Records in 2000 to mixed reviews, although Allmusic acknowledges its appealing "mix of twang and attitude". The pair contributed three songs between them to the label's "Team Mint Volume Two" sampler in 2001 – one as the Corn Sisters, one as Carolyn Mark and Her Room-mates, and one as Neko Case and Her Boyfriends. They also contributed three tracks to the compilation "A Tribute to the Soundtrack to Robert Altman's Nashville" in 2002 – again, one as the Corn Sisters and one apiece as individuals. While Case and Mark stopped performing regularly as a duo in 2002, they did join Kelly Hogan to record the music for the 2004 documentary "Lipstick and Dynamite".

</doc>
<doc id="19797571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797571" title="The Whiskey Rebels">
The Whiskey Rebels

The Whiskey Rebels is an historical novel by American writer David Liss, inspired by events in the early history of the United States. According to Liss (from the 'Historical Note' following the novel), "This novel, in many respects, details the events that led up to the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794".
Synopsis.
Despite the title, the novel's action does not include the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794; it is set mainly in the preceding years from 1788 to 1792. Two main fictional characters, Ethan Saunders and Joan Maycott, offer first-person narratives that begin separately, in alternating chapters, and gradually come together for the climactic scenes. The reader first meets Ethan Saunders in 1792 Philadelphia, the temporary capital of the newly formed United States of America. Saunders is a disgraced former spy for General Washington during The American Revolution, now a drunkard and scoundrel but still seeking redemption.
Joan Maycott's autobiography begins at the age of seventeen near Albany, New York in 1781. Her life takes her to New York City and out to the frontier town of Pittsburgh, in Western Pennsylvania. After many travails, she returns to New York City and on to Philadelphia, where she eventually meets Saunders. Along the way, we learn about the duplicity of speculators like William Duer, the hardships of life in the western wilderness and the use of whiskey as a form of frontier currency. We learn why the western pioneers hated the Bank of the United States, the Whiskey tax, and Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton, creator of both. This hatred gives birth to an audacious secret plan to (as Joan sees it) free the new nation from the corrupting influence of the financiers and speculators of the cities, and return to the republican purity intended by the founders. The climactic events take place against the historical backdrop of Duer's attempt to take over the national bank, which led to the Panic of 1792.
The fictional Ethan and Joan meet many historical characters in addition to Duer and Hamilton, including frontier champion Hugh Henry Brackenridge, Jeffersonian journalist Philip Freneau, wealthy socialite Anne Bingham, Hamilton blackmailer James Reynolds, his seductive wife Maria and Senator (at that time) Aaron Burr.
References.
The author acknowledges the following sources (among others):
See also.
Novels that include events of the Whiskey Rebellion:

</doc>
<doc id="19797573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797573" title="2009 Los Angeles Dodgers season">
2009 Los Angeles Dodgers season

The 2009 Los Angeles Dodgers season saw the team defend their National League West title while earning the best record in the National League, and marked the fiftieth anniversary of their 1959 World Series Championship. The Dodgers reached the National League Championship Series for the second straight season only to once more fall short in five games against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Spring Training.
2009 saw the Dodgers open their brand new spring training facility, Camelback Ranch-Glendale. The 13,000 seat stadium and surrounding facilities that the Dodgers share with the Chicago White Sox replaced their former facility at Holman Stadium in Vero Beach, Florida, where the team had trained in the spring since 1948. This also marked the Dodgers debut as a member of the Cactus League.
Postseason.
National League Division Series.
As National League West Champions, the Dodgers faced the St. Louis Cardinals in the Division Series and held home field advantage. They swept the Cardinals in three games.
Game 1.
Wednesday, October 7, 2009 – 6:37 p.m. (PT) at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
Game 2.
Thursday, October 8, 2009 – 3:07 p.m. (PT) at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
Game 3.
Saturday, October 10, 2009 – 3:07 p.m. (PT) at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri
National League Championship Series.
The Dodgers advanced to the NLCS and faced the Philadelphia Phillies in a rematch of the 2008 National League Championship Series. However, they again lost to the Phillies in five games.
Game 1.
Thursday, October 15, 2009 – 5:07 p.m. (PT) at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
Game 2.
Friday, October 16, 2009 – 1:07 p.m. (PT) at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
Game 3.
Sunday, October 18, 2009 – 5:07 p.m. (PT) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Game 4.
Monday, October 19, 2009 – 5:07 p.m. (PT) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Game 5.
Wednesday, October 21, 2009 – 5:07 p.m. (PT) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; R = Runs; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; TB = Total bases; BB = Walks; SO = Strikeouts; SB = Stolen bases; OBP = On-base percentage; SLG = Slugging; Avg. = Batting average"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 

</doc>
<doc id="19797601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797601" title="Benjamin Snyder">
Benjamin Snyder

Benjamin "Benny" Snyder or Schneider (fl. 1900-1915) was an American criminal, union organizer and thug for hire during the turn of the century. A veteran gunman for New York labor racketeer Joseph "Joe the Greaser" Rosenzweig, his murder of Rosenzweig's rival Philip "Pinchy" Paul ended the first so-called "Labor Slugger War" which would continue on and off for well over a decade.
Snyder's eventual arrest for Paul's murder would result in his turning state's evidence and revealing to police the existence of "labor sluggers" used by businesses and unions alike during the early 1900s. His testimony would lead not only to the conviction Rosenzweig but of virtually every major labor racketeer in Manhattan's Lower East Side and eliminated "labor slugging" in the city for over two years.
This was one of the first instances of a criminal figure providing information on organized crime during the early 20th century. Similar cases would include Abe "Kid Twist" Reles, a former hitman for Murder Incorporated whose testimony resulted in the conviction (and later execution) of Louis Buchalter in 1941, and Genovese crime family mobster Joe Valachi who appeared before the McClelland Committee in 1963 to expose the modern-day Cosa Nostra.
Biography.
Early career.
A well-known "starker" or strong arm man, Snyder was employed by labor racketeer Joseph "Joe the Greaser" Rosenzweig who controlled what was then known as "labor slugging" with Benjamin "Dopey Benny" Fein prior to the Labor Slugger War. Snyder recalled being recruited as a union organizer for the "Bakers' Union",
Snyder was hired out to various racketeers over the next decade. He later claimed that he received $10 for every man he hired to assault strikebreakers, paying each man $7.50 and pocketing the rest for himself. By early 1914, he had become Rosenzweig's main "starker" for the "Furriers' Union". He later committed a serious assault for Rosenzweig, knifing a man by the name of Jewbach at Rivington and Norfolk Street, slashing him twice before being arrested. According to one account, Rosenzweig and half a dozen henchmen found Jewbach before the trial and had his men hold him down while the gang leader cut out a large piece of his lower lip. When the victim failed to appear at the Essex Market Court, Snyder was acquitted.
Murder of Pinchy Paul.
In May 1914, he was called by Rosenzweig to kill a rival labor racketeer and one of his former associates Philip "Pinchy" Paul. Paul had recently been opposing Rosenzweig and threatened to unite various independent sluggers in an effort to break the Rosenzweig-Fein monopoly. Snyder, who apparently blamed Paul for taking his job as a "starker" at the "Bakers' Union", agreed to kill Paul for the sum of $5 and immediately carried out the order gunning down Paul on Norfolk Street. Committed in full view of half a dozen witnesses, Snyder was quickly arrested for the shooting. He pleaded guilty to first degree murder and was sentenced to life imprisonment. He continued to be on Rosenzweig's payroll while a convict and, in a visit from Rosenzweig, he was paid the $5 he was owed. Although authorities believed that he had been hired to kill Paul, Snyder maintained that he had acted alone. Held at The Tombs for several months, Snyder eventually agreed to talk to the District Attorney's office.
At a meeting with Assistant District Attorney Royal H. Weller, which was arranged by reform lawyer William Travers Jerome, Snyder made a full and remarkably detailed confession of both his criminal career and outlined labor racketeering activities in a series of conferences taking place during late 1914. Snyder described these activities in a crude but straightforward manner of ""beating up scabs"" which included, but not limited to, knifing or ""bumping him over the head with a pipe"". He reportedly even handed the $5 bill he received from Rosenzweig as further proof of his claims.
Not long after, Rosenzweig was arrested with his lieutenants "Little Hymie" Bernstein and "Tough Jake" Heiseman for the murder of Philip Paul. Like Snyder, both Bernstein and Heaiseman agreed to testify against their former boss. As a result of his cooperation, Snyder's sentence was reduced to second degree manslaughter for which he would serve twenty years. District Attorney Charles A. Perkins preferred this rather than putting Snyder on the stand as his only witness. Rosenzweig pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sentenced to ten years imprisonment. Rosenzweig's conviction would lead to a number of other labor racketeers being imprisoned, most notably Rosenzweig's partner and sometimes rival Benjamin Fein, and temporarily bringing the practice of "labor slugging" to halt.
Prison assault.
On the morning of June 24, 1915, Snyder was attacked by three convicts from Italian Harlem while prison guards were serving breakfast. When the guards momentarily unlocked the cell in order to serve breakfast, the inmates in the adjoining cell entered Snyder's cell and attacked him using the heavy serving bowls. Snyder's attackers, according to prison guards, called him a ""rat"", ""squealer"" and ""District Attorney's friend"" during the assault. By the time the guards managed to stop the attack, Snyder was unconscious and had suffered serious injuries. The prison doctor later stated that had the guards arrived a minute later, Snyder may not have survived.
The three men, all of whom imprisoned on murder charges, were immediately tried and convicted of first degree assault. Frank Maestry had previously been found guilty of manslaughter for the murder of his brother-in-law while the other two, Joseph Bianco and Frank Faroli, were awaiting trial for the murder of Luigi Cardenzo. An investigation held by Weller and Chief Clerk Lucian S. Breckinridge resulted in their clearing Rosenzweig, then a convict at Sing Sing, of any involvement. Instead, they believed that an unknown individual suspected that Snyder was supplying Weller with information gathered from conversations with other convicts.
On the day of the assault, Snyder had been scheduled to appear before the Criminal Term of the Supreme Court for sentencing of the plea of manslaughter for the murder of Paul Philip. He remained in serious condition for several weeks before being transferred to the West 44th Street Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19797640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797640" title="Review with Myles Barlow">
Review with Myles Barlow

Review with Myles Barlow is an Australian satirical black comedy television series which screened on Thursday nights on ABC2 and Friday nights on ABC 1. The series began screening on 16 October 2008. It is co-written and directed by Trent O'Donnell and also co-written by Phil Lloyd. It is produced by Starchild Productions (Dean Bates and Reuben Field). The first series comprised six half-hour episodes and the second series a further six half-hour episodes. Episodes were made available for download on the ABC website. Series 1 episodes have been available to watch on-demand on YouTube. Series 2 began airing on ABC2 on 22 July 2010 and finished on 26 August 2010. A Christmas special was broadcast on ABC1 on 22 December 2010, with a speculated third series.
Series 1 and 2 are available for viewing in the US via Hulu Plus.
Synopsis.
Myles Barlow is a critic who reviews life experiences in response to viewer questions. Barlow reviews real-life experiences such as being a murderer and a drug-mule, the rush of pleasure as he pays for sex and the bleakness of living on the streets.
Regular segments include "Letter of the Week" along with a summary of the show at the beginning and highlights of the next episode which do not actually reflect the actual episode contents.
Myles uses often unnecessarily complex metaphors to conclude each segment, choosing an abstract notion or object and then comparing his experience to it. For example; when reviewing stealing, he had this to say:
Stealing
Stealing is a reprehensible, dishonest act of exhilaration and daring. And, like a staircase leading to the top of a never-ending lighthouse, it can quickly spiral out of control. The higher I climbed, the more giddy I became. And once I'd stolen the light bulb itself, I stumbled about in an orgy of kleptomania as ships of moral decency came to grief on the rocks below. Embracing anarchy and ignoring morality became frighteningly normal, causing me to chuckle callously at the poor shipwrecked sailors trying to clamber up the cliffs of consequence while I soared to freedom high above them on a hang-glider of corruption. Luckily for me, I was able to evade punishment. But Krystal, if you do give in to this spine-tingling thrill ride and steal Renee's boyfriend, be warned that the pilfering may not stop there. Stealing is an iniquity of unexpected excitement, which is why I'm giving it three stars.
Each episode ends with a faux-"Next Time" segment.
List of episodes.
"Note: Bolded reviews are primary review segments, unbolded reviews are short "breaker" reviews."
Logie Awards of 2009.
Presented as a segment as part of the telecast of the Logies.
Controversy.
On 6 August 2010, the sketch "Killing Kyle Sandilands" caused controversy after it aired. Parts of the sketch, including stabbing a picture and burning an effigy of Kyle Sandilands, were received with negative views. A Current Affair did a story on the sketch, commenting that it was far too graphic and potentially dangerous. Sandilands himself did not comment on the segment.
The 3rd series of the show is set to change its format from staged acting to a more reality based stunt show. This came about after the poor ratings of the 2nd series. The creators have stated "We want to create something more along the lines of The Chaser and Balls of Steel".
Adaptation.
An American television adaptation, titled "Review", premiered in March 2014 on Comedy Central.

</doc>
<doc id="19797652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797652" title="John Weston (politician)">
John Weston (politician)

John D. Weston, MP (born April 19, 1958) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the electoral district of West Vancouver—Sunshine Coast—Sea to Sky Country in the 2008 Canadian federal election. He is a member of the Conservative Party.
Weston studied International Relations at Harvard University and law at Osgoode Hall Law School and is able to speak Mandarin as well as French and English. He then worked as a lawyer in Canada and in Taiwan. He is a founder of Pan Pacific Law Corporation and Access Law Group, as well as the Canadian Constitution Foundation.
Weston ran in the 2006 Canadian federal election but was defeated.
During the 40th Parliament, he served as a member of the Aboriginal Affairs, Fisheries, and Library of Parliament Standing Committees, and as the Government Liaison to the Persian and Iranian Community, and as the Vice Chair of the Conservative Community Relations Committee. During this time, Weston was criticised by the satirical television show "This Hour Has 22 Minutes" for appearing to sleep in the House of Commons during Question Period.
Since being re-elected in the 2011 Canadian federal election, Weston has served on the Citizenship and Immigration Committee and as a member of the Official Languages Committee.
Weston introduced bill C-475, which amended the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act to make it illegal to possess, produce, sell or import chemicals with the knowledge they will be used to create street drugs, though it was later tabled.
Weston created a National Health and Fitness Day bill, saying “On a personal level I just saw when I reached Ottawa how unhealthy was the lifestyle that MPs lead — so much time on airplanes and in committees and sitting in Parliament. I just resolved that if I was going to remain productive and useful to the people who voted me in, I needed to work at staying healthy.”

</doc>
<doc id="19797660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797660" title="Phil Lampi">
Phil Lampi

Philip J. Lampi (born 1944 in Fitchburg, Worcester County, Massachusetts) is a scholar and historian. His career has been defined by his ground-breaking work reassembling records of early American election returns. He is currently employed as a researcher at the American Antiquarian Society in Worcester, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19797687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797687" title="Ludwig Becker (explorer)">
Ludwig Becker (explorer)

Ludwig Becker (5 September 1808 – 29 April 1861) was a German artist, explorer and naturalist born in Rödelheim near Frankfurt am Main. He moved to Australia and was a member of the ill-fated Burke and Wills expedition and died, along with his colleagues William Purcell and Charles Stone, at the expedition's camp on the western bank of Koorliatto Waterhole, Bulloo River in 1861.
Early years.
Becker was born at Rödelheim near Frankfurt am Main, Germany, in 1808. He left Germany in 1850. As was common practice at the time, he was referred to as Dr. Becker, but had not studied at a university.
His father was Ernst Friedrich Becker (1750–1826) and his mother was Amöne Eleonore Weber (1782–1819). Becker was the eldest of five children from this marriage. After his mother's death, Becker's father married Johanette Christiane Weber, a younger sister of his first wife. They had three more children.
Australia.
After some time in England he travelled from Liverpool in November 1850 on the ship "Hannah" via Pernambuco, Brazil, and arrived in Launceston, Van Diemen's Land in early 1851. He was described by Lady Denison as "one of those universal geniuses who can do anything ... a very good naturalist, geologist ... draws and plays and sings, conjures and ventriloquises and imitates the notes of birds so accurately". From 1852 until 1854, while gold digging in Bendigo, Becker made meteorological observations and produced sketches which he exhibited in Melbourne in April 1854. He became a council member of the Victorian Society of Fine Arts in 1856 and of the Philosophical Institute of Victoria in 1859, and was a leading member of the German Club. He corresponded with ornithologist and zoologist John Gould, known as the father of bird study in Australia, on the lyrebird, and was one of the first to try to raise a lyrebird chick and sent sketches of the egg to ornithologists in Germany and France.
He illustrated botanical works for Ferdinand Mueller including "Fragmenta phytographiae Australiae" (1858–1882) and "The Plants Indigenous to the Colony of Victoria" (1860–1865).
Burke and Wills expedition.
His scientific knowledge and artistic ability qualified him for selection as a member of the Victorian Exploring Expedition in 1860–61, which has since become known as the Burke and Wills expedition. It was organised by the Philosophical Institute of Victoria which in 1860 became the Royal Society of Victoria.
The Burke and Wills expedition was led by Robert O'Hara Burke, who was a superintendent of police in the Castlemaine district. In 1860 he was given leave to take command of the exploring expedition to cross the continent from Melbourne in the south to the Gulf of Carpentaria in the north. The objectives of the expedition were hazy and its route, from Cooper Creek to the Gulf of Carpentaria, was decided less than a month before it set out. Burke's instructions, sent after him because they were not ready at the time, were lengthy and vague. The real object of the expedition appears to have been to snatch from the South Australian explorer, John McDouall Stuart, the honour of making the first south-north crossing of the continent. Sir Henry Barkly, Governor of Victoria 1856–1863, described it as "the glorious race across the continent between the expeditions fitted out in this and the adjacent colony of South Australia".
The Burke and Wills expedition was the most expensive in the history of Australian exploration. It cost over £60,000 and would eventually claim seven lives. The expedition was provided with more than two dozen camels, imported complete with cameleers. There were horses and wagons, food for two years and lavish equipment. The party consisted of five officers: Burke, Landells as second-in-command, and William John Wills, third-in-command and surveyor and meteorologist and the two German scientific officers: Becker and Hermann Beckler, medical officer and botanist. The expedition also included a foreman, nine assistants and the camel-drivers.
The expedition left Melbourne on 20 August 1860 and made progress through the settled districts of Victoria to Swan Hill and Balranald and reached Menindee on the Darling River at the beginning of October. Burke was in haste and left much of his provisions at Balranald and more at Menindee.
Becker, as artist, naturalist and geologist on a salary of £300, received lengthy instructions from Doctor John Macadam, honorary secretary of the Exploration Committee, which stipulated that he should collect specimens, keep a diary and produce daily maps with illustrations and sections. He sent his first dispatches from Swan Hill, and from Menindee sent a number of specimens. He became despondent when these were not acknowledged.
Burke became impatient with the lost time in making scientific investigations and ordered that Becker and Beckler give up their investigations and work like the rest of the men and walk instead of ride. In a report to the Exploration Committee, Landells wrote that Burke requested him not to allow Becker to ride and had observed that if Becker accompanied the expedition, and got through, people would say that it would not be difficult to cross to Carpentaria, and that he was to be walked until he gave in. At one stage Becker did not eat for three days and became faint. He had to wait until everyone was asleep to do his writing and sketching.
After quarreling with Burke, Landells resigned at Menindee and Burke promoted Wills to second in command, replacing him as third officer by a local man, William Wright, who proved incompetent and unreliable.
Burke's orders were that his base camp was to be at Cooper Creek; instead, he divided his party, transport and provisions, dashing on to Cooper Creek with an advance party and ordering Wright to follow with as little delay as possible. However, Wright waited in Menindee for three months – by which time Burke had travelled to the Gulf of Carpentaria and back – before transporting the vital reserve transport and provisions the four hundred miles to Cooper Creek.
Becker was with Wright's party in Menindee. Frustrated due to the lack of communication from the Exploration Committee, he no longer wrote his daily reports and concentrated instead on sketching. He became aware of the possible failure of the expedition, but his letter to the committee about the delays was ignored.
Wright's party moved north at the end of January 1861, and reached Torowoto Swamp, about half way from Menindee to Cooper Creek on 12 February. By this time Becker and others were suffering from scurvy and the effects of bad water. At their camp at Rat Point, Becker and Purcell, the cook, were very ill. Wright moved on to try to reach Cooper Creek, but only made it to Bulloo and returned. Beckler remained with the sick members, and on 8 April wrote to his brother of Becker's illness and the unlikelihood of his recovery, stating that, "I shall have to bury him here, and then what an outcry there will be for me in Melbourne!"
Wright wanted to send the sick men back to Menindee, but Beckler told him that they could not make a single days journey. Wright then ordered the party on to Bulloo, which they reached on 21 April. Wright's party never continued onto Cooper Creek.
Meanwhile Burke, impatient for Wright's arrival at Cooper Creek, selected Wills, King and Gray to accompany him to the gulf and left four men under the command of William Brahe, one of the assistants, at camp LXV at Cooper Creek. Burke decided to explore on foot and took provisions for twelve weeks and six camels and a horse as pack animals. It took four months to complete the 1500 miles, and Gray died before they returned to camp LXV at Cooper Creek. When Burke's party reached camp LXV on 21 April 1861, spent, starving and in rags, they found it deserted. Brahe's party, having given up hope of seeing Burke and Wills, had left that day for Menindee with six camels, twelve horses, all the clothes and most of the food. Burke decided that as they were in bad shape and had only two camels, they would not be able to catch Brahe's party and would not survive the 400 mile journey. He decided to make for Mount Hopeless, a 150 mile journey away, leaving a message of their intentions at camp LXV.
Brahe's party arrived at Wright's camp at Bulloo on 28 April. The natives were hostile, and had attacked the camp on 27 April. During this period, Becker was mostly unconscious and died on 29 April, and was buried near the graves of Purcell and Stone who had died a few days earlier. The Commission of Enquiry into the causes of the deaths of Burke and Wills also found, from Dr Beckler's evidence, that Dr Becker died of dysentery and the exhaustion consequent upon it; of course with some peculiar symptoms, which were principally owing to the affection of scurvy. After his burial, Becker's clothes, bedding and tent were burned and his other effects were placed in a pack for conveyance to Melbourne.
Becker had made meteorological observations daily until a month before he died. His death was lamented in newspapers and journals both in the Australian colonies and in Germany, and he was mourned by colleagues at the Royal Society. Governor Barkly paid tribute to "one of the earliest and most indefatigable contributors ... the name of Ludwig Becker will ... rank with those of Cunningham, Kennedy and Leichhardt and the rest of that noble band who have sacrificed their lives in the cause of science." The City of Ballarat commemorated the expedition with a clock tower in 1863 referring to the deaths of "The Victorian Explorers Burke, Wills, Gray and Becker". The small Queensland parish of Becker perpetuates his name and some timber posts mark his grave.
This expedition paved the way for settlement in the area, with the first recorded settlement being Bulloo Downs taken up by Jones, Sullivan and Molesworth Green in 1864.
Becker's papers have been used to write a novel about his life which was published in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19797693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797693" title="Marcin Jałocha">
Marcin Jałocha

Playing career.
National team.
He represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. There he won the silver medal with the national squad.
Jałocha made 18 appearances for the Poland national football team, scoring one goal.
Coaching career.
He was a coach of Resovia Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19797726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797726" title="List of countries by Sen social welfare function">
List of countries by Sen social welfare function

The social welfare function, proposed by Amartya Sen in 1973, is a measure of a society's overall welfare.
Methodology.
It is calculated as the product of GDP per capita and the difference between 1 and the society's gini coefficient:
The table below shows Sen's social welfare function using data from the CIA and another version using data from the IMF and UN. The GDP per capita numbers are adjusted for purchasing power parity. 

</doc>
<doc id="19797733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797733" title="Barcolana regatta">
Barcolana regatta

The Barcolana regatta or more correctly Autumn Cup ("Coppa d'Autunno"), named after the village of Barcola, is a historical European sailing race born in 1969 thanks to the "Società Velica di Barcola e Grignano" of Trieste. It takes place annually in the Gulf of Trieste, every second Sunday in October and is one of the largest sailing races in the world with over 2000 participants.
The Race.
The race consists in a four-sided route with fixed beacons, one of them symbolically floating in the waters of Slovenia. The total distance to cover is about 16 NM.
The minimum boat length to join the regatta is : all kind of monohull sailboats can participate - this led to one of the most heterogeneous regattas of the Mediterranean, in which sailing beginners or enthusiasts are on the same start line as professional racing teams with their 100-foot sailboats.
History.
During the first 20 races, the winners were mostly sailors coming from local Yacht Clubs, but later it started becoming an international event, involving Yacht Clubs from all over the world including the adjacent Slovenia and Croatia, and even Australia, with outstanding skippers such as Neville Crichton, Mitja Kosmina, Lorenzo Bressani.
At the first edition, in 1969, there were just 51 boats at the start line, which was a lot, considering the total number of sailboats in Trieste at that time. During the ten years after the first regatta, the cup was contended between Trieste's yacht clubs, including "Società Triestina della Vela", "Yacht Club Adriaco", and the promoter "Società Velica di Barcola e Grignano". The first non-Italian victory came in 1980 with Rupe from Munich, bringing international interest to the Autumn Cup.
Until now, it has been the world's regatta with the higher number of participants: almost 25000 sailors and a total number of people involved in the event reaching about 250000.
The best views (or at least the most expansive) are from the Trieste Karst above the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19797750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797750" title="National Association for the Visual Arts">
National Association for the Visual Arts

The National Association for the Visual Arts NAVA is the national peak body for the visual arts, craft and design sector working through advocacy and service provision, to achieve a flourishing Australian visual arts sector and a more vibrant, distinctive and ethical cultural environment. Since its establishment in 1983, NAVA has been extremely successful in bringing about policy and legislative change to encourage the growth and development of the sector and to increase professionalism within the industry. NAVA undertakes advocacy and lobbying, research, policy and project development, data collection and analysis. It also provides direct service to its members and the sector generally by offering expert advice, referrals, resources, professional representation and development and a range of other services.

</doc>
<doc id="19797799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797799" title="MTR Light Rail Route 705">
MTR Light Rail Route 705


</doc>
<doc id="19797801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797801" title="Don Blum">
Don Blum

Don Blum (born May 12, 1972 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is a musician, best known as the drummer for the Indie rock band The Von Bondies. Blum currently lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He was first interested in drums at the age of 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19797804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797804" title="MTR Light Rail Route 706">
MTR Light Rail Route 706

Route.
The line is a loop line, starting out at Tin Shui Wai Stop. Turning left the line runs along Tin Shing Road arriving at Tin Wing Stop. It continues into between Tin Fu and Tin Ching Estates and along Wetland Park Road, reaching the northern tip of the town. It then turns sharply alongside Grandeur Terrace into Tin Shui Road, passing Tin Wah Road and the Tin Shui Wai Park and finally arrives back into Tin Shui Wai Stop.

</doc>
<doc id="19797825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797825" title="Oil Creek and Allegheny River Railway">
Oil Creek and Allegheny River Railway

The Oil Creek and Allegheny River Railway was a railroad in western Pennsylvania. 
Initially incorporated under a special act of Pennsylvania on 17 April 1861 as the Warren and Tidioute Railway, it changed its name first to the Warren and Franklin Railway on 31 March 1864, and finally to the Oil Creek and Allegheny River Railway on 26 February 1868, when it was consolidated with the Oil Creek Railroad, the Farmers Railroad, and the Oil City and Pithole Railroad.
In 1869, John Pitcairn was appointed its General Manager. 
The company was sold at foreclosure on 29 December 1875, and was acquired 8 February 1876 by the Pittsburgh, Titusville and Buffalo Railway, which eventually became part of the Western New York and Pennsylvania Railway and the Pennsylvania Railroad.
In the period just prior to foreclosure, from 1874–75, the company's president was John Scott and its treasurer was H. A. Phillips.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19797830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797830" title="Super Balita sa Tanghali Nationwide">
Super Balita sa Tanghali Nationwide

Super Balita sa Tanghali Nationwide (Super Noontime News Nationwide) is the afternoon newscast of AM station DZBB anchored by Melo del Prado and Benjie Alejandro. The radio program is also simulcast on all GMA "Super Radyo" stations in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19797835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797835" title="Konstantin Pavlov">
Konstantin Pavlov

Konstantin Pavlov (April 2, 1933 – September 28, 2008) was a Bulgarian screenwriter, author and poet. Pavlov became a prominent intellectual during Burlgaria's Communist era, even though he faced censorship and a ten-year-long publishing ban by the government.
Pavlov was born on April 2, 1933, in the former village of Vitoshko, near the capital Sofia. He was among the few Bulgarian authors and intellectuals who dared to act autonomously and defy the Bulgarian Communist government, which ruled the country from 1945 until 1989. Government censors began a ten-year-long publishing ban against his work beginning in 1966. Bulgarians began illegally publishing and reading Pavlov's poems during the censorship against his work.
Pavlov received numerous awards in literature and poetry. He was "granted" the Grand Prix at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1980 for his screenplay of the film, "Illusion". His works were translated in numerous European languages.
Some of Pavlov's most popular works of poetry included "Sweet Agony", published in 1991; "The Murder of the Sleeping Man" in 1992; and the "A Long Time Ago ..." in 1998.
Konstantin Pavlov died in Sofia, on September 28, 2008, at the age of 75. He was survived by his wife, Maria, and their daughter, Donka. His death was announced by the Union of Bulgarian Film Makers.

</doc>
<doc id="19797836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797836" title="Utricularia subramanyamii">
Utricularia subramanyamii

Utricularia subramanyamii is a terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to the Pathanamthitta district in southern India. "U. subramanyamii" grows in marshy areas. It was originally collected by C. N. Mohanan in 1978 and was formally described by M. K. Janarthanam and Ambrose Nathaniel Henry in 1990 as "Utricularia subramanii", later corrected to its current form. The species epithet honors Dr. K. Subramanyam, who was the director of the Botanical Survey of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19797850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797850" title="Ben Harper (politician)">
Ben Harper (politician)

Benjamin “Ben” Harper (1817–1887) was an American businessman and politician.
Harper was born February 12, 1817 in Philadelphia. He lived in Ohio and Missouri before he settling in Illinois in 1850. From 1854 until 1855 Harper was Mayor of Rock Island, Illinois. He was a Republican. A wealthy hotel owner, he was the builder of the "Harper House" (1871) and "Harper Theatre" (1878).
The Harper House “has been described in superlatives, such as the ‘finest hotel between Chicago and the Pacific coast’” (George W. Wickstrom). The hotel occupied the site of the former Rodman House that burned down on October 22, 1869.
Ben Harper died April 3, 1887 in the City of Rock Island. He is buried at Chippiannock Cemetery. His son Ben Harper, Jr. was a prominent building contractor in Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19797868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797868" title="Jeronim Mileta">
Jeronim Mileta

Jeronim Mileta (April 17, 1871 in Šibenik - November 23, 1947 in Šibenik) was a Roman Catholic friar who became the bishop of the Diocese of Šibenik in 1922. He served until his death in 1947. 
After Mileta's death, the Diocese of Šibenik had no permanent bishop until 1961 due to tensions between the Catholic Church and communist-run Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19797879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797879" title="David Azulai">
David Azulai

David Azulai (, born 5 May 1954) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Shas.
Biography.
Azulai was born in Meknes in Morocco, and immigrated to Israel in 1963.
Between the years 1973 to 1993, he worked as a teacher and vice principal. Simultaneously, from 1978 to 1993, he was a member of Acre's local council and served in the municipality's committees. In 1993 he was elected to Nahal Iron Regional Council, serving as deputy mayor of the council and later as its mayor. He resigned following his election to the Knesset in 1996.pie1234
Since his election, he has served as Chairman of the Internal Affairs and Environment Committee (2000–2001) and as Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs (2001–2003). In the latter post he was assigned to head a commission regarding the status of the Falasha.
Azulai lives in Acre, is married and a father of four.

</doc>
<doc id="19797900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797900" title="City Temple (London)">
City Temple (London)

The City Temple is a Nonconformist church on Holborn Viaduct in London, most famous as the preaching place of the 20th century liberal theologian Leslie Weatherhead. Other notable preachers have included Thomas Goodwin and Joseph Parker.
The first church building on the present site was built in 1874. The congregation was founded much earlier; the traditional date is 1640 but some evidence suggests it was founded as early the 1560s by the Puritans. Destroyed by bombing during the Second World War, it was rebuilt and reopened in 1958. The church is part of the Thames North Synod of the United Reformed Church.
Today the City Temple is the only English Free Church still worshipping in its own building every Sunday in the City of London. The current Minister is Rev Dr Rodney Woods.
Early History.
The City Temple is widely believed to have been founded by Thomas Goodwin. The exact date of its foundation is unknown, but it is believed to have been around 1640. It is the oldest Nonconformist church in the City of London. Its first meeting-house was located in Anchor Lane. The second minister of the Church was Thomas Harrison, who succeeded Goodwin in 1650, at which time the Church moved to a meeting-house in Lime Street. Harrison's ministry only lasted until 1655. A successor was not appointed until 1658, when Rev. Thomas Mallory was called to pastor the Church. Mallory led the Church during the difficult period that followed the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660. The Church moved several times but after a number of moves it found a more permanent home in the Poultry, Cheapside in 1819.
Following the resignation of Dr James Spence from the pastorate in 1867, the office-bearers of the Poultry Chapel approached Joseph Parker, then pastor at Cavendish Street Chapel, Manchester, with a view to calling him to the pastorate. The first call, in March 1868, he declined. But the call was renewed in June 1869, and this time he accepted. At the same time the Church was looking to relocate from its site in Poultry. The site was sold for 50,000GBP. The Church was then faced with the question of a new site. Parker insisted that the new site would have to be within the City of London, and ultimately the present site on Holborn Viaduct was secured. The Poultry Chapel was closed on 16 June 1872, leaving the congregation temporarily homeless. Until the new church was ready, the congregation met in the great hall of Cannon Street Hotel in the morning, in Exeter Hall in the evening, and in the Presbyterian Church, London Wall, for mid-day services on Thursdays.
The Memorial Stone of the new building, to be called the City Temple, was laid by Dr Thomas Binney on 19 May 1873. The Corporation of the City of London presented a spectacular marble pulpit to the Church. The building was dedicated on 19 May 1874. The building, from its location and size, began to assume the character of a Nonconformist cathedral, and became the most important Congregational pulpit in Britain. Much of this was due to Joseph Parker.
As age began to tell on Parker, Rev. Reginald John Campbell, a Congregational minister in Brighton, was called in 1902 to act as his assistant in the work. Shortly after his agreeing to this arrangement, Dr Parker died suddenly. Parker had made it quite clear that it was his wish for Campbell to be his successor, and so Campbell was called.
While Parker was theologically conservative, publishing an anonymous reply to John Robert Seeley's "Ecce Homo" under the truculent title "Ecce Deus", Campbell was emphatically not. A socialist politically, his theology proved as radical as his politics. Campbell's pastorate began in May 1903 and ended in October 1915. Questions began to be raised about the way that Campbell introduced Biblical criticism into his preaching, questioning the traditional ascription of books, and the origins of the text. As his sermons were published, this brought them to the notice of readers throughout the nation, and beyond. The theology held by Campbell and a number of his friends came to be known as 'The New Theology'. Campbell decided to answer his critics by issuing a volume entitled simply "The New Theology", which laid out his position. Looking back on it, he felt that he had gone too far. "It was much too hastily written, was crude and uncompromising in statement, polemical in spirit, and gave a totally wrong impression of the sermons delivered week by week in the City Temple Pulpit". Campbell himself came to a crisis of faith when several New Theologians began to question the doctrine of the deity, and even the historicity, of Christ.
In October 1915 Campbell preached his last sermon at the City Temple and resigned from the Congregational church; a few days later he was received into the Church of England by Bishop Gore. In October 1916 he was ordained as an Anglican priest. On rejoining the Church of England, and at the request of some old Congregational friends, with whom he remained on good terms, he wrote an account of the development of his thought in "A Spiritual Pilgrimage" (1916).
Campbell's successor was theologically almost as radical as he had been. Though Joseph Fort Newton had been educated at Louisville's Southern Baptist Seminary, he was a theological liberal. Newton had been asked to the City Temple at first as a stop-gap after Campbell's resignation. What was controversial about Newton was not his theology, or even the fact that he was of a Baptist background but the fact that he was an American. As he remarked, it seemed that the view of many was that "It was perfectly right for an English preacher to go to an American Church, but absurd for an American preacher to go to an English Church". While the congregation decided to call Newton, the deacons opposed him, an action that finally led to the deacons being abolished and Newton going to London.
Newton found the burden of the City Temple too much for one man, and he asked for an assistant. Surprisingly the assistant finally called was a woman, Miss A. Maude Royden. She was an Anglican, but was prohibited from preaching by the Church of England. In the free atmosphere on the City Temple, however, she was welcomed by the Church, if not by the press.
Newton ministered at the City Temple through the First World War, returning to America in 1919. He was succeeded by F. W. Norwood, an Australian Baptist.
When Norwood left the City Temple in 1935, there was some uncertainty over where the next pastor should come from. Some argued that, since the Congregational Church had not had a Congregationalist pastor since 1915, when Campbell left, they should call a minister from within their own denomination. In the event, the man called was a Methodist minister, then stationed in Leeds, Rev. Leslie Weatherhead. He served there from 1936 until his retirement in 1960.
During the Blitz, the City Temple was "gutted by fire from incendiary bombs dropped from enemy aeroplanes". He was able to continue his ministry thanks to the nearby St Sepulchre-without-Newgate church. After the war, Weatherhead raised the funds to rebuild the City Temple, largely from John D. Rockefeller. The re-built City Temple was opened in the presence of the Queen Mother in 1958. In 1960, Weatherhead retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19797946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797946" title="McIlwraith Range">
McIlwraith Range

The McIlwraith Range is a rugged, dissected granite plateau on the Cape York Peninsula, Far North Queensland, Australia. Part of the Great Dividing Range, it covers about 3000 km2 and lies about 15 km east of the town of Coen, and 550 km north of Cairns. The Archer River rises in the range. Most of the range is about 450 m above sea level and reaches its highest elevation at 824 m, just north-east of Coen. The range receives high annual rainfall of about 1500 mm.
Environment.
The McIlwraith Range has been protected since its gazettal as the Kulla (McIlwraith Range) National Park. It is also listed on Australia’s Register of the National Estate. It was named after Sir Thomas McIlwraith (1835–1900), three time Premier of Queensland 1879-1883, 1888, and 1893.
With most of the range being about 450 m asl, and with a high point of 824 m, it is largely vegetated with a variety of rainforest types, forming the southernmost limit of the ranges of many plants and animals characteristic of New Guinea. These include the Spotted Cuscus, Green Tree Python and Palm Cockatoo. An endemic species is the McIlwraith Leaf-tailed Gecko ("Orraya occultus").
Birds.
The range is part of the 6205 km2 McIlwraith and Iron Ranges Important Bird Area (IBA), identified as such by BirdLife International because it is one of the few known sites for the endangered Buff-breasted Button-quail. The IBA also supports an isolated population of Southern Cassowaries as well as populations of Lovely Fairywrens, Silver-crowned Friarbirds, Yellow, Yellow-spotted, White-streaked and Banded Honeyeaters, and White-browed Robins.

</doc>
<doc id="19797990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19797990" title="Brand infiltration">
Brand infiltration

Brand infiltration is a marketing practice that takes a specific approach to strategy, creativity and success tracking, where all three are driven by a thorough understanding of the business objective at hand. Brand infiltration insists that the organizational design of the marketing agency includes a team with broad skills, but that each staff member has creative and strategic leanings.
Strategic focus.
The strategy behind a brand infiltration campaign is largely based on the business objective for a particular product/statement, and is intended to be media-agnostic. The business objective must include a specific sales target and a specific demographic target. As the product details are discussed, an agency can make suggestions, based on research, for a suitable demographic if need be.
Research is undertaken to capture the most up-to-date information on the target demographic: what media the demographic has adopted; how similar, competing or complementary products are being marketed to this group; what interests appeal to the demographic, etc. In addition to classic research methods, brand infiltration requires a strong understanding of consumer behavior in online media, and uses tools of digital ethnography and social media monitoring to develop early insights into the potential value proposition.
An overall strategy is developed based on meeting the needs outlined in the business objective and the values of the intended demographic.
Creative focus.
Brand infiltration suggests that the agency’s corporate culture values creative and integrated thinking from all personnel. This means that every team member, regardless of department, is fully briefed and included in creative development as well as the strategy. Brand infiltration requires that everyone working on a project is completely educated on the brand in question and can always answer whether the aspect they are personally working on will meet the business objective and will bring value to the demographic.
An agency that practices brand infiltration is open to implementing an unlimited array of media to get the brand / product / purchasing message to the intended audience. The media chosen will be carefully determined by a research and business objective-based strategy and can include an integrated blend of above and below the line marketing techniques. This is the opposite of an agency that is a specialist in a particular promotional tactic (i.e.: mobile marketing). The objective of brand infiltration is not to focus on a single tactic, but overall communications strategy and execution.
Metrics and sales focus.
While it is standard for all marketing and advertising agencies to track the number of hits or impressions that are gathered during a campaign, brand infiltration works to gather further data that shows how the original business objectives (sales among a set demographic) have been met.
A dedication to analytic and customized tracking tools are built into every brand infiltration campaign in order to find the most complete return on investment (ROI) numbers possible.
Benefit to the client.
Companies that choose to work with an agency that practices brand infiltration need not go to several specialist agencies to run a full campaign. Instead, a brand infiltration agency works with the client to select specific and customized marketing tactics, all managed through the one agency. This can save the client a great deal of time and energy, but furthermore, consistency in strategy and messaging is much more likely to stay intact.
Costs are generally lower through brand infiltration agencies, as an entire campaign can be serviced through one account team, rather than several. The agency will also choose the most effective methods to meet the client’s sales objectives.

</doc>
<doc id="19798010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19798010" title="1983 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1983 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1983 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Group C Touring Cars. The title, which was the 24th Australian Touring Car Championship, was contested over a series which began on 6 February 1983 at Calder Park Raceway and ended on 19 June at Lakeside International Raceway after eight rounds.
The championship was won by Allan Moffat, his fourth Australian Touring Car Championship and a first for Mazda, who were helping to fund Moffat's team and it was also the first ATCC win for a Japanese manufacturer. Moffat himself dominated the racing, taking four out of the eight race wins, but a beneficial points structure for smaller capacity cars allowed George Fury (driving a turbocharged version of the Nissan Bluebird) to push Moffat all the way to the title, despite not actually winning a race. Peter Brock (Holden Commodore) finished third in the championship.
Moffat, Brock and Allan Grice (who won 2 rounds) were the only race winners in the 1983 ATCC. Defending champion Dick Johnson battled season long with an ill-handling Ford XE Falcon and could only manage two 3rd placings at both Sandown and Barbagallo to finish a disappointing 6th in the championship, 94 points behind Moffat.
Nissan driver George Fury, helped by consistent performances led the series going into the final round at Lakeside and needed only to finish 9th to claim the title. However team manager Howard Marsden decided the team would skip the round, and therefore give up their chance of winning the championship, unless Allan Moffat finished 6th or worse (Moffat finished 3rd behind Hansford). Controversy also reigned throughout the series with some teams such as the Holden Dealer Team and STP Roadways Racing claiming that Moffat was foxing during the championship, and not racing as fast as he could in an effort to 'hoodwink' CAMS into believing the RX-7's, which ran the 12A engine in the championship, needed the larger and more powerful (by some ) 13B engine in order to be competitive against the V8 Holden's and Ford's at Bathurst. Ultimately CAMS approved the larger 13B for the RX-7's, but also granted concessions to the other cars which ended up giving the bigger cars an advantage on the Mountain.
Controversially CAMS announced the concessions for the post-ATCC 1 August homologation during the race of Round 7 at Oran Park via the ABC's telecast of the race, with ABC commentators Will Hagon and John Smailes making the announcement mid-race. In a TV interview with Smailes immediately following his 2nd placing to Moffat, Peter Brock was informed of the new homologation's and professed his displeasure with CAMS for announcing it on television during the race and not letting those who the decision affected (the teams) first. The fallout from CAMS decision led to both the Nissan and Roadways teams boycotting the final race of the series at Lakeside.
Nissan's boycott of the last round also meant that series leader George Fury virtually forfeited any chance of winning the championship provided that Moffat finished. Despite this it was generally felt that the championship went to the right driver as Moffat and his RX-7 were usually the fastest combination and the expat Canadian was regarded as the man to beat. Moffat only failed to finish once at Sandown and finished every other race on the podium, including four wins, while Fury's best were two seconds (Calder and Wanneroo) and one third at Symmons Plains.
One outcome from this series was that in the future turbocharged cars had their engine capacities multiplied for the purposes of class point score weightings, meaning that in the 1984 Australian Touring Car Championship, Fury would compete on an equal footing with the other outright class competitors. Despite this meaning that the Nissan would score equal points as the RX-7's, Commodore's and Falcons, Nissan team boss Howard Marsden raised no objections to the change as he knew the Bluebird turbo was able to match the speed of the outright class cars.
Teams and drivers.
The following drivers and teams competed in the 1983 Australian Touring Car Championship. 
Race Calendar.
The 1983 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over an eight round series across six states with one race per round.
Classes.
Car competed in two classes, 
The "Up to and including 3000cc class" consisted of Alfa Romeo Alfetta, Datsun Bluebird turbo, Ford Capri, Ford Escort, Isuzu Gemini, Mazda 626, Mazda RX-3, Toyota Celica and Triumph Dolomite Sprint.
Only the best seven round result could be counted by each driver.

</doc>
