<doc id="20015502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015502" title="Denis Piel">
Denis Piel

Denis Piel was born in France on 1 March 1944, raised in Australia and educated in the United States. He currently lives in the south-west of France. He is an internationally acclaimed award winning photographer and filmmaker primarily recognised for his influential approach within the field of fashion photography in the 1980s.
Background.
Piel's father, Serge was French; his mother, Lily came from a wealthy Jewish family in Vienna. She was at university in Paris when the war broke out. She joined the resistance there. Lily escaped the occupied zone after being warned not go home as the gestapo were waiting for her. She eventually made her way to Marseille after a brief "séjour" at the Septfonds Internment Camp near Montauban – a guard released her because she spoke such good French. She met Serge Piel at the croque-fruits in Marseille. They married in 1942; their first son Marc was born the same year. Lily's father had stayed in Paris. Lily later found out that he had been rounded up in the raffle of the Vel d'Hiv and was deported to Auschwitz – he did not survive Serge and Lily left Marseille when it was occupied, once again they were warned not to return home as they were being hunted by German police. They left for Lormes where they joined the resistance of the Morvan. Denis was born in March 1944 – he and his brother were separated from their parents until the end of September. Their story is told in a book about the Maquis of the Morvan. After the war ended Denis' parents emigrated with their children to Australia seeking a new life and escape from the terrors of the war.
Denis grew up not knowing any of this family background. His paternal grandfather was Jean Piel the editor of the intellectual revue "Critique". Jean Piel was married to Simone Maklès – one of the famed Maklès sisters. Her sister Rose was married to the Surrealist painter André Masson, and Sylvia, famous for her role in the Jean Renoir film Partie de campagne, was married to Georges Bataille and then to the renowned psychiatrist Jacques Lacan. "Piel was therefore close to the centre of what would become a new post-war avant-garde. He was a mediator, little known to the general public but extremely influential behind the scenes of intellectual life."
Serge was studying in the merchant marines when the war broke out. In Australia he developed a new life first as a glove designer and manufacturer and later as a fisherman, returning to his first love, the sea. Serge was killed in a car accident in 1965. Lily continued her education in Australia as an educator and received her doctorate, becoming a professor of French and German at Melbourne University. When denis was twelve his parents separated. Lily subsequently moved back to her beloved Paris and worked for UNESCO. She died there in 2002.
Piel's step-mother, Mary Hind-Roberts who had worked with major photographers during her time at The Australian Wool Board in London, gave Piel his first camera and encouraged him in the pursuit of photography.
Early career.
Piel began his career in Brisbane, Australia as an apprentice litho printer in 1961. During his apprenticeship he worked with images coming into the studio which he considered unremarkable. Convinced that he could produce more compelling images and that a career in photography would offer a more interesting lifestyle, the following year Piel secured a position as an assistant in a commercial photography studio, thanks to his brother Marc who was in advertising.
Two years later Piel was offered a position as photographer in a printing house. He subsequently opened his own studio in 1966. Meeting with early and sustained commercial success thanks to a couple of early mentors, he worked for a diverse client base shooting an array of subjects, from industrial subjects, to portraits and fashion for a department store. A modest assignment with Vogue Australia prompted him to move to Melbourne where he specialised in fashion photography, working for clients such as Pol and Vogue Australia. A Sydney based editor at Pol, Robyn Batey, became his mentor and encouraged him to move overseas to explore his creativity further.
1970s.
The 1970s found Piel in Paris, London and Milan with occasional stints in Hamburg, mostly shooting fashion and some advertising. During this period Piel joined EAT (Experiments in Art and Technology) which sought to bring together professionals from engineering and artistic disciplines to develop and realise new concepts with technology. His fascination with the potential of holographic images led him to experiment during this period with three dimensional constructed models.
Piel found another mentor in Pierre Levallois from Votre Beauté who gave him regular assignments and encouraged his pursuits in art projects. His work appeared in Elle, Marie Claire, Votre Beauté and the advertising division of French Vogue as well as numerous magazines in the UK, Germany and Italy. In advertising he worked with diverse clients from Coca Cola to the perfume house of Molyneux, diversifying further his eclectic list of clients. In the late 70s his desire to explore new horizons took him to New York and his first assignment in the States with New York Times Magazine. This shoot in 1979 came to the attention of Alexander Liberman, editor with Condé Nast publications, and after several initial assignments with Vogue, Piel was offered a contract with Condé Nast, an agreement reserved for a select few such as Penn and Avedon.
1980s.
In the 1980s Piel moved permanently to New York where he rapidly came to be considered one of the ‘wonder-boys’ of American fashion photography, notably with the Condé Nast group. Called to Vogue by Libermann, he brought a sensuality and eroticism that became his signature, with a directorial approach, fusing an intimate narrative into the images he created.
Although appreciative of Avedon, Penn, Newton and others, Piel cites a stronger influence from filmmakers; Stanley Kubrick, Satyajit Ray, Bertolucci, Antonioni, Cassavetes, Bergman, Kazan, and Kurosawa. Press photography also influenced his work. The key qualities which interested Piel were narrative and emotional engagement. Piel has always been drawn to new technologies, keen to explore the potential of a developing medium.
As Piel's career progressed his working method as photographer-director transmuted into a committed interest in film directing inspired by an experience as technical advisor on the James Toback film "Exposed" (1983). Starring Rudolf Nureyev and Nastassja Kinski, the actor Ian McShane plays fashion photographer Greg Miller, a character directly modeled on Piel.
This was a pivotal point in Piel's career, filmmakers had influenced his directorial approach to photography and he began to explore that passion further. Despite not finishing high school, he was accepted as a student at] to a two-year part-time writing, directing and acting course thanks to letters of recommendation from Libermann and others with whom he had worked. He opened his own film company Jupiter Films in 1985 with offices in NYC, Chicago and LA and worked internationally in cooperation with Window Productions, Sydney Australia, Frog Films, France and PetersenNauman, Germany. As a writer and director of commercials Piel worked with global brands and garnered numerous international awards.
During this period he continued his work with the Condé Nast group shooting mainly for Vogue, GQ, Vanity Fair and Self and with an increasing number of advertising campaigns crossing from stills to film. In the mid-80s he collaborated with Peter Arnell, from Arnell Bickford, a fledgling advertising agency, and was instrumental in the concept and execution of the first Donna Karan campaigns – purely abstract images of New York city. The campaign received major press, catapulting the emerging agency into a hot shop of creativity providing Piel a venue for what would become some of the most innovative advertising of the 80s. Piel's increasingly diverse clients included Benson & Hedges, which he won in competition with Bruce Weber and instigated the campaign 'for people who like to smoke', to the Canada Dry TV campaign also for Wells Rich & Green, Helena Rubinstein with (Publicis) which secured him a contract for five years, PHAS cosmetics, also with a contract, Revlon, L’Oreal, Avon, Bergdorf Goodman and Fortune Magazine amongst others. At this time Piel was also writing and directing commercials for The Wool Board in Australia, New Zealand Telecom, German Telecom, Shell, Canada Dry, Domino Beds, Jade, Clandestine perfume, Guerlain, Drug and Alcohol Abuse Campaign, Australia, Alegra magazine, Vogue Paris, Linda electrical appliances, Life's Good, Ansett Airlines, Nescafé and many more. This work often garnered international awards from Cannes to Sydney including an award for the seminal fashion video that he conceived and directed for Donna Karan in the mid-80s. His 'based in life' hyper-real cinematic imagery was the focus of most of this work. Piel used his approach, each subject playing a role when shooting his many portraits, each personality playing themselves. His portraiture work includes Geena Davis, Nastassja Kinski, Andie MacDowell, Daryl Hannah, Goldie Hawn, Jamie Lee Curtis, Lillian Gish with Jeanne Moreau, Donald Sutherland, Joan Didion, Willem and Elaine de Kooning, Jasper Johns, Mark Morris and many others.
Piel won the Leica Medal of Excellence for Commercial Photography in 1987.
1990s.
In 1989, Piel left Condé Nast to concentrate on film. He continued with his commercial advertising work both in film and stills during this period, however he stopped shooting editorial work except for an occasional stint for British Vogue and others. Piel produced and directed his first feature length documentary Love is Blind in the early 1990s; in many ways the work is a precursor to reality TV. Love is Blind took him two years to research, cast, film and edit. Phillip Adams of the newspaper, The Australian wrote,
Piel's progression into independent filmmaking opened up areas of exploration in relation to raising capital to stay independent. He determined the only way to do that was through innovative fundraising ideas. He had self-financed Love is Blind and wanted to continue independently; having participated in 'breakfast meetings' in Hollywood, Piel realised that this was not the path he wished to pursue as he needed to maintain total creative control of his projects.
During the next several years Piel explored various film projects and attended film festivals with Love is Blind as well as shooting many TV commercials in France, Germany and Australia. He returned to the States to shoot a major campaign for Donna Karan in Florida as well as continuing his work for Helena Rubinstein. This period found Piel working in Australia, the USA, France, Kenya, Italy, Iceland, Estonia, the UK, Portugal, Holland, Spain and Germany.
During this time he was busy writing and researching scripts. IORA, his first fiction feature was written with Ted Horton, the advertising guru behind the internationally acclaimed Wool Board advertising campaign which Piel and Horton had worked on together in the 1980s. IORA and self-financing took Piel off on a new venture. With the idea of using it as the vehicle to finance and promote the film, Piel, with perfumier Michael Moisseeff, created an original scent; to be called IORA, after the lead character, an Australian Ethnomusicologist, the original perfume evoked scents of Australia and Piel's childhood. The project included bottle design and packaging.
During this period he also wrote a TV concept for a reality show called Encounters, researched the possibility with the author, Luke Rhinehart to make the book DICEMEN into a feature film and researched, interviewed and wrote for another original film, Spindrift a romantic thriller set in Italy and Africa.
All the time he was commuting to France having bought the Château de Padiès where his wife, Elaine Merkus with their son, Olivier were now living and supervising the restoration of the property – what was to become a seven-year project.
In 1999 the whole family moved back to Manhattan and new adventures.
2000 to present.
It was the dot.com boom. Piel's previous association with EAT ( Experiments in Art and Technology) in Paris, bringing together creative minds from various disciplines was to prove formative for Piel who went on to establish theideasbank® and 'umbershoot which utilized a similar ethos, bringing people together from diverse backgrounds to work collaboratively. It was to be Piel's way of self-financing and staying independent. The core group built a management team, hired software developers, a PR company, Solicited Technological partners like Sorenson, General Dynamics, Apple, and many others who no longer exist. They put all their efforts into making it a success.
The concept for 'umbershoot was a company that would offer a single place for people and enterprises to come together under one umbrella (bumbershoot) to find the tools and human resources they need to seed and develop early stage ideas, target investors, test market their concepts and promote and brand their completed projects. ‘umbershoot was a means of actualizing ideas.
theideasbank® articulates with ‘umbershoot, while ‘umbershoot was the vehicle that would actualize ideas, theideasbank® was the place where ideas were collated, assessed and evaluated.
Then the dot.com crash and 9/11 impacted seriously on all this adventure. The servers had been housed in the World Trade Center. Partners and potential partners were declaring bankruptcy. It was time to stop and reevaluate.
Piel and his family left the States to conversely begin a new life in France. Piel defines this period as a 'retreat'. The family decided to make their place in France, the Château de Padiès, the center of their operations, a cultural centre and model for sustainable living. A new chapter!
In 2005 just as they were leaving NY Piel was contacted by John Vertin asking if he could shoot for the magazine ISSUE. This collaboration became instrumental in an ongoing relationship with John Vertin, Wynn Smith and Jan Dikkers the owner and creator of the magazine. It resulted in fashion narratives for New York Magazine, Arena Homme + shot at Padiès. When Jan became creative director at Amazon in 2011, wanting to feature fashion online in a more contemporary way, he brought in Piel.
Back in France Piel continued to pursue personal photographic and film projects. He had time to explore some of his previous work.
Throughout his career Piel has concurrently pursued personal photographic projects one of which is PLATESCAPES, images of meals that he has had. Most of these images were created during the 90's on commercial shoots or at private dinners. These are not images of beautiful meals plated and presented, PLATESCAPES document the end of the meal, the remnants of what was desired and has now been consumed, these are quite literally images of consumption. In relation to Piel's larger body of work it is difficult not to wonder whether PLATESCAPES questions the work born out of commercial briefs and a growing dissatisfaction with the industry. Within commercial photography the viewer is often presented with the beautiful image, the image that instills desire. In PLATESCAPES the image of desire is displaced, the moment of desire exists before the current image or hours after the image when hunger is re-ignited. PLATESCAPES positions Piel not as the architect of visual desire, but the consumer, the sated, the satisfied, with a number of images titled ‘Enough!’.
PLATESCAPES was originally exhibited in WOA, Lisbon in 2006 after Frederic Coustols, stepfather of Gonçalo Leandro, owner of WOA, discovered the work on a visit to Château de Padies. The images were exhibited with conversations which were recorded during the meals. The juxtaposition of the durational and the static, audio recording and photograph, shift the work dramatically. These group meals can be read as a leveling of the group, an activity which recasts the group in commonality and dissipates the conscious structure of the day, opening up a space for unprescribed conversations and engagements; a wresting of conscious control.
Exploring further his preoccupation with sight, Piel spent a year shooting Premier Oeil which captures the first image he sees on waking, the first sight in the morning consciously giving pleasure. The dual nature, impairment or loss of that sense, sight, and other ways of being when sight is not a primary means of receiving information about the world and others, may reference his own period of temporary loss of sight when he was nineteen. He continues to work on this project.
In contrast to Piel's fashion and editorial work which seeks to capture beauty, FACESCAPES explores the inevitable effects of the passage of time upon the face. He began work on this ongoing project in 2005 and so far has taken the project from Lempaut in France, to China
and Australia. Piel was prolific during the period in the fashion industry in which models were elevated to Supermodel status, a celebration of individuality and celebrity. In contrast the subjects of FACESCAPES are unknown to the viewer, unknowable as an individual from the
tiny detail of a face enlarged and thus abstracted. As a viewer, these subjects shot in close-up loom monumental behind the frame of the shot, literally 'larger than life', a kind of paradoxical commonality held with the celebrities, the 'larger than life' personalities that Piel has shot for most of his career. FACESCAPES presents the viewer with a larger than life 'Everyman', confronting the viewer with the equalising process of physical aging. Is Piel questioning the artificial stasis of fashion and beauty images of everlasting youth which in reality require constant consumption of young beautiful models? The art historian Memory Holloway writes;
FACESCAPES Memory Holloway
Piel instigated and formed CCiiff ( Intercultural International film festival) in 2009 inspired by his Facescapes Project. The festival has been held every year since then with this year a retrospective of the festival being held in Mauritius at the invitation of FIP (foundation for intercultural and Peace). This is a non- for profit association run out of the Culture&Cultures Association formed at Padiès with Piel as its director.
Personally driven projects continue with his newest photography project Down to Earth. Down to Earth suggests a ‘realistic’ perspective, a straightforward attitude, the Earth as basic - essential; it also implies gravity, and by inference, the human body. Down to Earth encompasses the idea of returning to the source, to the origin, returning ‘home’. The project is a celebration of living closely with the natural world, an exploration of embodied experience in an elemental environment which also draws upon the rich cultural history of our relationship to the earth; from inscribing the earth with mythical narrative, to our physical interaction with the earth.
The book, denis piel – MOMENTS, a retrospective of his photographic work exploring his unique vision, was published by Rizzoli in September 2012 and designed by the highly reputed Ruth Ansel . Previously in the 1980s two books were designed showcasing Piel’s photography, one by Mary Shanahan and another by Wynn Dan. However other priorities took over and neither were ever published. Another book, emphasizing his unique cinematic approach during the 80's is planned for 2015.
Influences.
Although appreciative of Avedon, Penn, Newton and others, Piel cites a stronger influence from filmmakers, like Stanley Kubrick, Satyajit Ray, Bertolucci, Antonioni, Cassavettes, Bergman, Kazan, Truffaut, Kurosawa, and also press photographs on his work, the key quality being narrative and emotionally stimulating.
And inevitably his parents concern with humanity had an enormous influence on his direction. 
New technologies have also always encouraged him to explore new possibilities.
Exhibitions.
SOLO EXHIBITIONS 
2013 ESSENCE ROVE Exhibition, London, UK
2013 MOMENTS Galerie PINXIT, Toulouse, France
GROUP EXHIBITIONS
Personal life.
in 1969 piel married Diana Watt, their marriage was short lived but they did not divorce until 1977. Piel had two other long term relationships amongst numerous affairs during the years 1971 to 1986 when he meet his present wife Elaine Merkus an art curator from Monash University gallery in Melbourne, Australia whilst on a visit to New York putting a show together called "Here and There" which has symbolised their life every since. They lived in New York with a summer house upstate NY. They have one son Olivier, born in 1988 who, after pursuing an art career, decided that his love of plants was dominant in his life. He has studied Permaculture and is currently running the Padiès permaculture farm and its experiment in sustainability.
They bought Padiès, a twelfth-century château renovated in the 17th century in 1992 which they renovated to its present form from what was fast becoming a ruin. During this period of renovation Piel commuted between NY and Padiès whilst the work was being supervised by Elaine who had studied architecture before pursuing a career in arts management. They moved back to New York in 1999. Living and working in New York in 2001, the aftermath of 9/11 and the dot com crash impacted on many of Piel's ventures and they retreated to Château du Padiès and sold New York several years later, making Padiès the center of all their operations, where they still live today with Padiès being developed as a model of sustainability.
Chateau du Padiès.
Piel and Merkus moved to Lempaut in the Tarn canton where they established their current venture :

</doc>
<doc id="20015510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015510" title="Fort Charlotte (South Carolina)">
Fort Charlotte (South Carolina)

Fort Charlotte is located in McCormick County, South Carolina, founded in 1768, and now beneath the waters of the Lake Strom Thurmond. 
Origins.
Construction of the fort began in the summer of 1765, and took a couple of years to complete because of structural complications as well as the constant threat of attack by the Creek Native Americans. It was named for the reigning queen at the time. The Fort was made mostly of granite quarried from across the Savannah River. The Fort measured approximately 170 foot squared with bastions at every corner and a wall height of between 10 and 20 feet. The Fort was built for defensive purposes—to protect local settlers, as opposed to being a trading fort, meant for Native American/ European trading. Almost as soon as the Fort was completed the British Royal (Federal) government abandoned the Fort by placing it under the care and authority of the South Carolina government. During that time (1768) several forts were closed in the area, and in many cases guns, cannon, powder, bullets and other military supplies were sent to Fort Charlotte for safe keeping.
These same supplies were later used by Patriot forces against Carolina Backcountry Tories and in at least one case these supplies found their way into a major battle—the Second Siege of Fort Ninety-Six.
At the same time the Fort was housing war supplies, the Patriots were meeting with leaders of the Cherokee at Fort Charlotte in an attempt to sway the Cherokee in their favor. The “good talks” however did not work and South Carolina entered the American Revolutionary War with the English and the Cherokee opposing them.
Also worthy of note is that the Fort housed an undisclosed number of Prisoners-of-War. Exactly how many is unclear, but given the number of individuals loyal to the King that lived in the Carolina Backcountry, their numbers could have been numerous.
The fate of the Fort after the Revolution is unclear, but certainly by the great flood, called the “Yazoo Freshet” of 1797, the standing walls would have been mostly leveled. This did not end the history of the Fort.
Post Revolutionary Period.
After the Revolution the Fort became a popular spot for gentlemen to settle their differences via dueling. Several texts have referred to Fort Charlotte as “that popular old spot for dueling.” Evidence suggests that there were about 10 known duels there. The most famous of the duels to occur there was the Crawford-Van Alen duel, in which Van Alen was shot dead by future Georgia senator William H. Crawford. The grievance between Crawford and Van Alen was over land schemes which eventually culminated in the Supreme Court case Worchester v. Georgia.
At the end of the Civil War, Confederate President Jefferson Davis and some of his cabinet fled through South Carolina into Georgia crossing the Savannah River at Fort Charlotte. Also with Davis was the Confederate seal and a substantial portion of the treasury. The treasury has yet to be found, but it is not beyond reason to think that perhaps the treasury was stashed at Fort Charlotte. An archaeological survey was conducted at the site in the 1950s, but, strangely, all of the artifacts were lost, and the official report was not released until after the death of the primary archaeologist. It was shortly thereafter that the lake was built and the site of Fort Charlotte flooded.

</doc>
<doc id="20015512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015512" title="Witton Castle">
Witton Castle

Witton Castle is a much-altered 15th-century castle, which is the centrepiece of a holiday and caravan country park at Witton le Wear, near Bishop Auckland, County Durham. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Details.
Sir Ralph Eure obtained a licence to crenellate his manor house in 1410 and created the castle. The castle was held by Royalist Sir William Darcy during the English Civil War. He compounded for the return of his confiscated estate which was sold by his descendant Henry Darcy to William Cuthbert in 1743. The castle later passed to Hopper but was severely damaged in a fire which in 1796 destroyed most of the castle interior.
In 1816 William Chaytor of Croft Hall, Yorkshire purchased the castle estate for £78,000 and restored the fabric and rebuilt the interior in modern style. The estate was rich in coal and Witton Park Colliery was sunk in 1825. Sir William Chaytor served as High Sheriff of Durham in 1839. Members of the Chaytor family lived at Witton until the mid 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20015513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015513" title="Pas de Cheville">
Pas de Cheville

The Pas de Cheville (el. 2038 m.) (also "Col de Cheville") is a high mountain pass across the western Bernese Alps, connecting Gryon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland and Derborence in the canton of Valais.
The pass lies between Les Diablerets on the north and Tête à Pierre Grept, Grand Muveran on the south .

</doc>
<doc id="20015515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015515" title="2001–02 KNVB Cup">
2001–02 KNVB Cup

The 84th edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on 4 August 2001. The final was played on 12 May 2002: Ajax beat Utrecht 3–2 and received the cup for the fifteenth time. A total of 86 clubs participated.
Group stage.
The matches of the group stage were played between August 4 and 22 2001. 78 teams played a total of 114 matches, 38 teams progressed to the next round.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Group 17
Group 18
Group 19
Group 20
Knock-out Stage.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 18, 19 and 20 2001. sc Heerenveen and RKC Waalwijk entered the tournament this round. During the group stage, they were still active in the Intertoto Cup.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played between October 23 and November 6, 2001.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on December 11 and 12 2001. The six Eredivisie teams that had been playing in European competitions after qualification last season, entered the tournament this round.
Quarter finals.
The matches of the quarter finals were played on January 31 and February 7, 2002.
Semi-finals.
The matches of the semi-finals were played on March 29 and April 10, 2002.
Final.
Ajax also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the Champions League, so finalists FC Utrecht could play in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20015521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015521" title="Derborence">
Derborence

Derborence is a hamlet in the municipality of Conthey, in the canton of Valais, in Switzerland. It is located at 1,450 metres in an isolated valley on the south side of the Bernese Alps and is not permanently inhabited. Derborence is completely surrounded by mountains: The Diablerets (highest) on the north, Haut de Cry on the south and Mont Gond on the east. Derborence can be reached by a road from Conthey, or by foot from Gryon, using the Pas de Cheville.
Lake Derborence was formed in 1749 after two landslides coming from the south wall of the Diablerets. Thousands of tons of rock came crashing down from a height of 1900 metres in 1714 and 1749, coming to 400 metres below and forming a 2 kilometre-long natural barrier which gradually filled with water. A virgin forest grew on the rock debris. It consists of spruce, pine, larch, stone pine, beech and willows. The area was acquired by Pro Natura in 1961 and is now protected.
The valley, which is exceptionnally rich in fauna, is a natural habitat for ibex, chamois, deer, marmots and hares and several bird species including the owl, golden eagle, bearded vulture and alpine chough.

</doc>
<doc id="20015523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015523" title="Toshio Tamogami">
Toshio Tamogami

General is a Japanese Air Self-Defense Force career military officer. He served as the Chief of Staff of Japan's Air Self-Defense Force from March 2007 until he was fired from the position in October 2008 for publicly justifying Japan's wartime aggression throughout Asia.
JASDF career.
Tamogami graduated from the National Defense Academy of Japan in 1971 with a major in electrical engineering. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1986, colonel in 1990, and major general in 1996. He was promoted to lieutenant general and appointed Head of the Joint Staff College on December 2, 2002, and appointed to Commander in Chief of the Air Defense Command on August 30, 2004. He was promoted to general and appointed Chief of Staff of the Air Self-Defense Force on March 28, 2007. 
In the latter days of his career, Tamogami gained attention in the press for a number of outspoken remarks. On the occasion of an unsuccessful civil case brought against the government for sending troops to Iraq, he remarked that he felt some of the activities of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force were against Japan's peace constitution, causing the litigants to claim a moral victory. On 14 July 2004, when questioned further about this supposed 'unconstitutionality' of the Air Self-Defense Force, he said his opinion should not distress its members since (quoting the catch phrase of Yoshio Kojima, a popular comedian) "what does that matter?" At a semi-political meeting on the 15 September 2004, he said that he felt that it would probably be necessary for Japan to develop nuclear arms in order to be seen as an independent nation by China, and that promising never to develop nuclear arms is "foolish." After the furor created by his essay and dismissal, he was asked by a British journalist on 1 December 2008 whether he would have used nuclear arms against America in 1945; he responded he "might have considered using nuclear weapons against the United States had he been a general for a nuclear-capable Japan in 1945, especially if it was a case of nuking in response to the threat of American nuclear weapons." Tamogami claims that other members of the Japanese government and military share his views.
Essay controversy and dismissal.
Tamogami was dismissed with a 60 million yen allowance due to an essay he published on October 31, 2008, arguing that "it is a false accusation to say (Japan) was an aggressor nation" during World War II and that it was rather drawn into the war by Chiang Kai-shek and Franklin D. Roosevelt, who had allegedly been manipulated by the Comintern. The essay also argues that the war brought prosperity to occupied China, Taiwan and Korea, that "it is often those who never directly saw the Japanese military who are spreading rumors about the army's act of brutality", that the Greater East Asia War is viewed in a positive way by many Asian countries and criticizes the war crimes trials which followed the war.
Following the essay's publication, Defense Minister Yasukazu Hamada removed Tamogami from the post and ordered him to retire, since its viewpoint contradicted the government position and was likely to anger Japan's regional neighbors. Tamogami, on November 3, 2008 confirmed that the essay accurately expressed his views on the war and Japan's role in it. He had already written a similar essay in May 2007 for an ASDF internal publication.
On 13 November, prime minister Tarō Asō said Tamogami decision's to write this essay was "extremely inappropriate" and the government was wrong in having overlooked Tamogami's views for many years.
The essay which led to Tamogami's dismissal had been solicited for a writing contest organized and sponsored by his friend, prominent businessman and nationalist Toshio Motoya, under the theme "True Interpretation of Modern History." Motoya and the other judges, including Shoichi Watabe, an honorary professor at Sophia University, awarded Tamogami the competition's ¥3 million first prize. The piece later appeared in a book published by Motoya, "The Shocking Truth About Modern History," which also featured other essays entered in the competition.
Tamogami was demoted to lieutenant general upon removal from his position as chief of staff on October 31. He retired from the JASDF on November 3, 2008, having reached the mandatory retirement age for his lower rank.
Political career.
Since retiring from the Air Self-Defense Force, General Tamogami has become involved with the Japanese nationalist groups, heading Ganbare Nippon since its founding in February 2010. He also wrote a column for the magazine "Asahi Geino", in which he opined on topics such as the Chinese and North Korean military threats and the benefits of corporal punishment.
In a 2011 book, he spelled out a more independent defense policy for Japan under which Japan would have the right to collective self-defense and would acquire nuclear weapons, aircraft carriers, bombers and cruise missiles, as well as enhancing its amphibious troops and intelligence-gathering capabilities. 
He organized a rally to protest the Senkaku Islands incident where a Chinese fishing trawler collided with two Japanese Coast Guard patrol boats. At the anti-China rally, he said: "Senkaku Islands is Japan's traditional territory, if we don't protect it, China will make action to take it." In August 2012, he helped lead a group of Japanese activists to the Senkaku Islands to protest a landing on the islands days earlier by Chinese activists.
In the wake of a rape incident by American servicemen in Okinawa in October 2012, he pointed out in a Twitter post that both recent rape incidents had occurred around 4 am, and asked why the media had not questioned what the victims were doing walking around town at that time.
He announced his candidacy for governor of Tokyo in 2014 in the election to replace resigning governor Naoki Inose. Although Tamogami obtained 610,865 votes, he has lost to former Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Yoichi Masuzoe, who obtained more than 2.1 million votes.
Humor.
Tamogami is known for making jokes, particularly about his own diminutive stature. When criticized for his outspoken remarks he countered that "he did not lack loftiness () of speech, only of height ()," and when commenting on defense spending cuts, he said of his own appointment "The slimming down of the self defense forces has begun, with the appointment of a more compact Chief of Staff." When criticized for accepting severance pay after the scandal caused by his essay, he quipped "Well, at last my wife and children are giving me hot food again." During the 2014 gubernatorial campaign, he said "although I make this face, I am actually a good person."

</doc>
<doc id="20015528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015528" title="Thomas J. Calloway House">
Thomas J. Calloway House

The Thomas J. Calloway House, constructed in 1910, stands on the south side of Elm Street adjacent to Crescent Avenue in the traditionally African American neighborhood of Lincoln in Lanham, Prince George's County, Maryland. Thomas Junius Calloway was a prominent lawyer, educator, civil servant, and African American activist until his death in 1930. He was vice president and general manager of the Lincoln Land Improvement Company and served as first principal of the Lincoln School. The house is a -story, wood-frame Foursquare residence with a poured concrete foundation. The house retains its original plan and is still in use as a residence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20015530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015530" title="Czech Soda">
Czech Soda

Česká soda was a satirical TV show created by Febio for Česká televize. The show was aired between the years 1993 and 1997. Total number of 14 episodes was created plus two New Year's Eve specials and an 1998 full-length picture. Running time of one episode was approximately 15 minutes.
Overview.
The show consisted of a news summary presented by Petr Čtvrtníček, parodies of TV advertisements and since the second episode of a German language course "Alles Gute" created by David Vávra and Milan Šteindler.
The authors of Česká soda were merciless to the victims of their sketches and their humor was on the border of good taste. In spite of this, the show had high ratings and according to a 2006 inquiry it is still Febio's most popular show.
After a dispute about a trade mark "Česká soda" with a company producing a drink of the same name, the show was renamed to "Čtvrtníček, Šeindler a Vávra uvádějí" and with similar names occasionally appeared on TV until the year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20015535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015535" title="Allround">
Allround

Allround may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20015536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015536" title="Aleksei Troitsky (footballer)">
Aleksei Troitsky (footballer)

Aleksei Yevlampiyevich Troitsky () (1894–1958) was an association football player.
International career.
Troitsky made his debut for Russia on July 5, 1914 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20015538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015538" title="The Collection (album series)">
The Collection (album series)

The Collection is an album series by rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. Volume One consists of hit songs between 1994 and 1998 and was released on November 24, 1998, on Ruthless Records. Volume Two was released in 2000. "B.N.K" is a remix of an unreleased song by Eazy-E entitled "Black Nigga Killa", the original version with 3 verses by Eazy-E and does not feature Bone Thugs-n-Harmony can be found on .
Track listing.
DVD Easter egg.
In the DVD special features section, go to "Change the World" (extended version) and press the right arrow button; this will take you to six Bone Thugs-n-Harmony commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="20015557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015557" title="The Forest and the Fort">
The Forest and the Fort

The Forest and the Fort is an historical novel by the American writer Hervey Allen based upon the Siege of Fort Pitt in 1763. The book was a New York Times bestseller in 1943.
Set in colonial Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it is the story of Salatheil Albine, who was captured by Native Americans as a child and raised by them, and who manages to get back there. In addition to the Siege of Fort Pitt, the plot involves the march to Bedford Village after the siege was raised.
"The Forest and the Fort" is Book One of a planned North American historical romance called "Sylvania". The other two novels of this sequence are "Bedford Village" and "Toward the Morning".

</doc>
<doc id="20015565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015565" title="Autoinducer-2">
Autoinducer-2

Autoinducer-2 (AI-2), a furanosyl borate diester, is a member of a family of signaling molecules used in quorum sensing. AI-2 is unique in that it is one of only a few known biomolecules incorporating boron. First identified in the marine bacterium "Vibrio harveyi", AI-2 is produced and recognized by many Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. AI-2 is synthesized by the reaction of 1-deoxy-3-dehydro-D-ribulose with boric acid.
AI-2 is sensed by the Lsr transport cassette and is actively transported into the cell, where it is phosphorylated by . Then, Phospho-AI-2 binds the transcriptional repressor protein, LsrR, which subsequently is released from the promoter/operator region of the lsr operon – and transcription of the lsr genes is initiated. AI-2 signalling is also regulated by glucose and cAMP/CRP via the lsr operon. In the presence of glucose, low levels of cAMP/CRP result in almost no lsr operon (lsrABCDFG) expression. Without glucose, cAMP-CRP is needed to stimulate the lsr expression, while LsrR represses its expression in the absence of the inducer, phospho-AI-2. As AI-2 accumulates, more AI-2 is taken in via LsrABCD, phosphorylated via LsrK, and the lsr transcription is de-repressed, enabling even more AI-2 uptake.
Doubts have been expressed regarding AI-2's status as a universal signal. The gene responsible for its production is the widespread "luxS"; this gene has an important role in the recycling of S-adenosyl-L-methionine, with AI-2 being a metabolic by-product of that process. While it is certainly true that some bacteria respond to AI-2, it is not yet clear that it is always being produced for purposes of signalling.

</doc>
<doc id="20015567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015567" title="Ring frei (song)">
Ring frei (song)

"Ring frei" () is a song by German singer LaFee. It was written by Bob Arnz, Gerd Zimmermann and Lafee for her fourth studio album "Ring frei". The song is the album's second track and it was released as the album's first single on 21 November 2008 .
Music video.
The music video premiered on 31 October 2008 on the German music show VIVA Live. 
The video was written and directed by Bastien Francois, and was shot at the Cinegate studio in Berlin, Germany. It depicts Lafee as an action heroine, in which much of the scenes and costumes were based on costumes worn by Catherine Deane, played by Jennifer Lopez in "The Cell" and several other various action film characters such as Moon in "Hero" and Yu Shu-lien in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Track listing.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Ring Frei".

</doc>
<doc id="20015569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015569" title="Twelve Angry Men">
Twelve Angry Men

Twelve Angry Men is a drama written by Reginald Rose concerning the jury of a homicide trial. It was broadcast initially as a television play in 1954. The following year it was adapted for the stage, and in 1957 was made into a highly successful film. Since then it has been adapted, remade, and homaged numerous times.
Description.
The play concerns the deliberations of the jury of a homicide trial. At the beginning, they have a nearly unanimous decision of guilty, with a single dissenter of not guilty, who throughout the play sows a seed of reasonable doubt. It was first made as a 1954 teleplay by Reginald Rose for the "Studio One" anthology television series, and was aired as a CBS live production on 20 September 1954. The drama was later rewritten for the stage in 1955 under the same title.
Stage.
Rose wrote several stage adaptations of the story. In 1964, Leo Genn appeared in the play on the London stage. In other theatrical adaptations in which female actors are cast, the play is retitled "12 Angry Jurors", "12 Angry Men and Women" or "12 Angry Women".
In 2004, the Roundabout Theatre Company presented a Broadway production of the play, starring Boyd Gaines as a more combative Juror No. 8, with James Rebhorn (No. 4), Philip Bosco (No. 3), and Robert Prosky as the voice of the judge. In 2007, "12 Angry Men" ran on a national theatre tour with Richard Thomas and George Wendt starring as Jurors No. 8 and No. 1, respectively. The 2008 tour does not include Wendt but features another television personality, Kevin Dobson of "Kojak" and "Knots Landing", as Juror No. 10.
The London West End production of the play opened in November 2013 (running until 1st March 2014) at the Garrick Theatre starring Martin Shaw, Jeff Fahey, Nick Moran and Robert Vaughn.
Films.
It was rewritten again in 1957 as a feature film, "12 Angry Men" which Sidney Lumet directed, and which starred Henry Fonda. It was nominated for Academy Awards in the categories of Best Director, Best Picture, and Best Writing of Adapted Screenplay.
In 1963, the German Television Channel ZDF produced a film adaption under the title "".
Indian director Basu Chatterjee remade it as "Ek Ruka Hua Faisla" in 1986.
In 2007, Russian film director Nikita Mikhalkov completed "12", his remake of the film. The jury of the 64th Venice Film Festival assigned its special prize to this remake "to acknowledge the consistent brilliance of Nikita Mikhalkov's body of work."
The teleplay was made as a Kannada film titled "Aa Mukhagalu", staged in the early 1980s, and as a "Dashamukha" in 2012.
Television.
'12 Angry Men' was remade for television in 1997. Directed by William Friedkin, the remake stars George C. Scott, James Gandolfini, Tony Danza, William Petersen, Ossie Davis, Hume Cronyn, Courtney B. Vance, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Mykelti Williamson, Edward James Olmos, Dorian Harewood, and Jack Lemmon. In this production, the judge is a woman and four of the jurors are black, but most of the action and dialogue of the film are identical to the original. Modernizations include a prohibition on smoking in the jury room, the changing of references to income and pop culture figures, more dialogue relating to race, and occasional profanity.
Radio.
In 2005, L.A. Theatre Works recorded an audio version of "12 Angry Men", directed by John de Lancie, with a cast including Dan Castellaneta, Jeffrey Donovan, Hector Elizondo, Robert Foxworth, Kevin Kilner, Richard Kind, Armin Shimerman, Joe Spano and Steve Vinovich.
Homages.
Many television series have episodes based on the teleplay. These include "Hancock's Half Hour", "Picket Fences", "Perfect Strangers", "Family Matters", "The Dead Zone", "Early Edition", "The Odd Couple", "King of the Hill", "Matlock", "7th Heaven", "Veronica Mars", "Monk", "Hey Arnold!", "Peep Show (TV series)", "My Wife and Kids", "Robot Chicken", "Charmed", and "The Simpsons".

</doc>
<doc id="20015571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015571" title="1995 Canadian Open (tennis)">
1995 Canadian Open (tennis)

The 1995 Canadian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the Super 9 of the 1995 ATP Tour, and of Tier I of the 1995 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from July 24 through July 31, 1995, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from August 13 through August 20, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20015584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015584" title="Kjell Roikjer">
Kjell Roikjer

Kjell Roikjer (14 June 1901 – 19 September 1999) was a Danish composer and bassoonist who for more than 30 years was a member of the Royal Danish Orchestra (1938–1971). He was a founder of the chamber ensemble "Blæserkvintetten af 1932" (Woodwind Quintet of 1932) and member from 1932 to 1948. As a composer, Roikjer was very productive, writing mostly for small ensembles. He often employed less frequently used instruments such as tuba, xylophone and saxophone.

</doc>
<doc id="20015585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015585" title="Fall Tour">
Fall Tour

The Fall Tour was the first American concert tour by Italian singer-songwriter and musician Elisa. The tour support her album, "Dancing" was only released in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20015586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015586" title="1994 Canadian Open (tennis)">
1994 Canadian Open (tennis)

The 1994 Canadian Open and the 1994 Matinée Ltd. - Canadian Open were tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 105th edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1994 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1994 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from July 25 through July 31, 1994, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from August 15 through August 21, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20015589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015589" title="Dual-purpose">
Dual-purpose

Dual-purpose is a noun and adjective referring to things serving two purposes. It can specifically refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20015611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015611" title="Maria Labia">
Maria Labia

Maria Labia (14 February 1880, Verona-10 February 1953, Malcesine, Lake Garda) was an Italian operatic soprano who was particularly associated with roles of the verisimo repertoire.
Career.
Labia studied voice with her mother, Cecilia Labia, who was also an opera singer. She made her professional opera début in Stockholm in 1905 portraying the role of Mimì in Puccini's "La bohème". Two years later she joined the Komische Oper Berlin where she sang numerous roles including the title role in Puccini's "Tosca", the title role in Bizet's "Carmen", Marta in "Tiefland" and the title role in Richard Strauss's "Salome", among other roles. In 1908 she joined the Manhattan Opera Company in New York City with whom she sang roles for two years at the Manhattan Opera House. She then returned to Italy where she appeared with several theaters under independent contracts for several years. She joined the roster at La Scala in 1912 and joined the Paris Opéra in 1913. In 1916 she was imprisoned for a year in Ancona as a suspected German agent. Resuming her career after the war, she sang Giorgetta in the first European performance of "Il tabarro" (1919, Rome), repeating the role in that year in Buenos Aires. She also portrayed Felice in La Scala's first production of Wolf-Ferrari’s "I quattro rusteghi" (1922), a role that became her favourite and in which she continued to appear until 1936. Her performances in verismo operas were said to be impulsive and, for their day, ‘shamelessly sensual’. She used her warm, not especially large voice with particular reliance on the chest register. Some early recordings remain of her Tosca and Carmen.
Her elder sister Fausta (1870–1935) had a relatively short career (1892–1912), which included performances as Sieglinde under Toscanini at La Scala. She retired shortly after her marriage to the tenor Emilio Perea.

</doc>
<doc id="20015634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015634" title="Charlie Winston">
Charlie Winston

Charlie Winston (born Charlie Winston Gleave, 14 September 1978, Cornwall) is an English singer-songwriter. Winston has had his most significant commercial success in France, where he is now based.
Music career.
Early career.
Winston started performing under the moniker "Charlie Winston and the Oxymorons" after recording and touring with Tom Baxter on Baxter's Feather and Stone album. The Oxymorons consisted of harmonicist Benjamin 'Gob Iron' Edwards, bass guitarist Elf Lord Taylor, and drummer Jamie Morrison.
"Make Way".
Winston's debut album, "Make Way" was recorded at Real World Studios in 2006. Described as "inspired and seductive". Winston supported Peter Gabriel. on his 2007 European tour.
"Hobo".
His second album, "Hobo", entered the French charts at No. 3 on 31 January 2009, and peaked at No. 1 in its 25th charting week where it stayed for 4 weeks and, , spent 30 weeks in the Top 10. His debut album has also been certified as being platinum.
The first single, "Like a Hobo", also topped the French SNEP charts for one week on 11 April 2009.
In 2010, Winston won an European Border Breakers Award for 'Best UK artist in Europe'.
"Running Still".
Winston's third album "Running Still" was released in France on 21 November 2011.
In 2012, Winston contributed the track "This Wheel's on Fire" to the compilation CD set for Amnesty International titled "Chimes of Freedom – The Songs of Bob Dylan".
US television.
On 17 September 2010, Charlie Winston headlined a global telecast for the international day of peace Peace One Day Peace One Day with Jude Law and Sharon Stone. 
On 10 November 2011, the track "She Went Quietly" was used over the ending of the mid-season finale of Grey's Anatomy (Season 8, Episode 9 "Dark Was The Night").
Controversy.
In 2008, his cover of The Spencer Davis Group song "I'm a Man" appeared on a television advertisement for Volkswagen Polo. The ad featured a dog miming the words to the track, and was banned after complaints from the RSPCA and over 750 viewers. Charlie Winston first ever release, was on the CD compilation called Raison Detre London "the compilation" in 2004 compiled and produced by Yvan Serrano-Fontova aka Dj Healer Selecta with a Charlie Winston song recorded live at Raison DEtre show in London in 2003 " My life as a duck"
Personal life.
Winston was born to parents Jeff and Julie Gleave. At an early age he moved to Bungay, Suffolk where his parents owned the King's Head Hotel. His older brother, Tom Baxter, and younger sister, Vashti Anna, are also musicians and all use their middle name as a stage surname. Charlie Winston lives in Paris, France.
Discography.
Singles.
1 Digital Downloads

</doc>
<doc id="20015646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015646" title="Vasili Trofimov">
Vasili Trofimov

Vasili Dmitriyevich Trofimov () (born January 7, 1919 in Kostino, Moscow Oblast; died September 22, 1999 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Trofimov made his debut for USSR on July 15, 1952 in a 1952 Olympics game against Bulgaria and scored on his debut. He also scored a goal against Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20015655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015655" title="Chris Hardwick (priest)">
Chris Hardwick (priest)

The Very Rev Christopher George Hardwick was the Dean of Truro from 2005 until 2011.
He was born on 7 October 1957 and educated at King Edward VI School (Lichfield) and the The Open University. He gave up a career in banking to study at Ripon College Cuddesdon and was ordained in 1992 he was a curate at Worcester then Rector of Hill Croome before his move to the Deanery of Truro. He took suspension from his duties while he was investigated for a supposedly controversial personal relationship, and ultimately resigned in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20015696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015696" title="Sanetsch Pass">
Sanetsch Pass

Sanetsch Pass (French: "Col du Sanetsch" or "Col de Sénin") (el. 2242 m) is a high mountain pass in Switzerland across the western Bernese Alps, connecting Gsteig in the canton of Berne and Sion in the canton of Valais. Although a road leads to the pass from Sion and goes further to the Lac de Sanetsch, it can not be completely traversed by car. In the summer season the pass is accessible by PostBus and can also be traversed by cable car. The highest point of the road is at 2,252 metres.
The pass itself is located in Valais 4 km south of the border with Berne. It separates the massif of the Diablerets on the west from the massif of the Wildhorn on the east. The Sanetschhorn and the Arpelistock overlook the pass on the west and east side respectively. The Col du Sanetsch is a popular destination because of the view over the Pennine Alps and the nearby Tsanfleuron Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="20015703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015703" title="Veternik Mountain">
Veternik Mountain

Veternik or Veterniku ( or "Veterniku"; ) is a mountain in Kosovo. It is high and forms part of the Prokletije. It is located nearby Kopranik, a mountain higher than Veternik but also found in the same range. Veternik differs somewhat from the rest of the Prokletije of Kosovo and resembles more the Albanian part of the range. This is because Veternik's slopes are steep and its limestone is exposed.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20015718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015718" title="Arkadi Tyapkin">
Arkadi Tyapkin

Arkadi Georgiyevich Tyapkin () (born in 1895; died in 1942) was an association football player.
International career.
Tyapkin played his only game for Russia on July 12, 1914 in a friendly against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20015725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015725" title="Giacomo Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago">
Giacomo Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago

Giacomo Crispo, Bastardo di Crispo (or "Jacopo"; – 1505) was a Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago in 1494. He was the illegitimate son of William II Crispo, fourteenth Duke of the Archipelago, by an unknown woman.
He married NN and had a son:

</doc>
<doc id="20015728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015728" title="ASU School of Sustainability">
ASU School of Sustainability

School of Sustainability is the first school in the United States dedicated to exploring the principles of sustainability. The school was established in 2007 at Arizona State University. It is located within Wrigley Hall, along with the Global Institute of Sustainability at the Arizona State University Tempe campus. The school offers graduate and undergraduate degrees in sustainability and received national attention on "NBC Nightly News" in 2008.
See also.
ASU Campus Metabolism

</doc>
<doc id="20015735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015735" title="Both Worlds *69">
Both Worlds *69

Both Worlds *69 is the second solo album by Gangsta Boo. It was produced by fellow Three 6 Mafia members, DJ Paul and Juicy J, and released in July 2001 by Loud Records under the Hypnotize Minds imprint.
The album reached number eight on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 29 on the "Billboard" 200.
"Both Worlds *69" is supposed to represent Gangsta Boo's feminine side as well as her tough side. The music video for the album's first single, "Love Don't Live(U Abandoned Me)", was shot in Los Angeles.
This is the last album released by Gangsta Boo before finding Christianity and "being saved" in September 2001 and changing her stage name to Lady Boo, which she had already been using as a nickname. The album sold over 300,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20015744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015744" title="Antonio Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago">
Antonio Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago

Antonio Crispo (died after 1505) was a Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago between 1496 and 1505. He was the son of Giacomo Crispo.
He married NN and had a son: 

</doc>
<doc id="20015754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015754" title="November 2008 in sports">
November 2008 in sports

__NOTOC__
See also: 2008 in sports, 

</doc>
<doc id="20015755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015755" title="Goodbye Solo">
Goodbye Solo

Goodbye Solo is a 2008 American independent film written and directed by Ramin Bahrani. It premiered as an official selection of the 2008 Venice Film Festival where it won the international film critic's FIPRESCI award for best film, and later had its North American premiere at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. The film is distributed by Roadside Attractions. The film exhibits significant thematic and plot similarities to Abbas Kiarostami's 1997 film "Taste of Cherry". 
Plot.
Solo, a Senegalese cab driver, is working to provide a better life for his young family in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. William, an old man with a lifetime of regrets, hires Solo to take him to Blowing Rock, a peak in which updrafts cause objects that are dropped from it to fly upwards. William does not ask for a ride back from the rock and is obviously depressed, so Solo assumes that the old man intends to commit suicide there. Solo befriends William, in hopes of talking him out of ending his life. He introduces William to his wife and his stepdaughter Alex, hoping to inspire the old man with the joys of life.
Reception.
"Goodbye Solo" won the Venice Film Festival’s FIPRESCI International Critics Prize. It was hailed as "A force of nature!" by Roger Ebert. "The New York Times" A.O. Scott said it has "...an uncanny ability to enlarge your perception of the world." Eric M. Armstrong, critic at The Moving Arts Film Journal, placed "Goodbye Solo" at #5 on his list of the best films of the decade (2000–2009).
Awards.
FIPRESCI International Film Critics Award - Best Film, Venice Film Festival 2008.
On December 1, 2009 it was announced that Souleymane Sy Savane was nominated for Best Male Lead for the 2010 Independent Spirit Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20015761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015761" title="Byfjorden">
Byfjorden

Byfjorden is a fjord in the county of Hordaland, Norway. It separates the island of Askøy from the city of Bergen on the mainland. The western entrance to Byfjorden is between Drotningsvik in Laksevåg, Bergen, and Marikoven on Askøy. The northern entrance is between Ask on Askøy and Mjølkeråen in the Bergen borough of Åsane.

</doc>
<doc id="20015776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015776" title="Trevett v. Weeden">
Trevett v. Weeden

Trevett v. Weeden (1786) was a Rhode Island Supreme Court decision finding state legislation regarding paper currency was violative of the state constitution. The decision set precedent for "Marbury v. Madison" regarding judicial review.
History.
On September 25-26, 1786, the Superior Court of Judicature of Rhode Island (Rhode Island Supreme Court)
heard the case in Newport, Rhode Island with a decision by David Howell. In May 1786, the Rhode Island General Assembly passed legislation allowing paper money as legal tender, and in June 1786 the Court created penalties for anyone refusing to accept such currency. In August 1786, the Assembly passed further legislation providing that trial of
offenders should take place "without any jury," by a majority of the judges and no appeal was allowed. Both common law and the Constitution of Rhode Island guaranteed a jury trial in contrast to the legislation. 
General James M. Varnum, a U.S. Congressman representing the defendant argued that although the American Revolution occurred, the original colonial Constitution was still valid and the assembly derived its powers from this document. Accordingly, the Court retained the power to judge the constitutionality of any legislation under the Constitution. The Court found that the paper currency law was unconstitutional ("not cognizable") because it limited the right to a jury trial for violators.
Aftermath.
After the decision, the justices were brought before the General Assembly, reprimanded, and all but one were not reappointed for the following term. The Assembly then appointed paper currency advocates such as William West to the Court. The case was later cited as precedent for judicial review in "Marbury v. Madison".

</doc>
<doc id="20015794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015794" title="Park Theatre (Estes Park, Colorado)">
Park Theatre (Estes Park, Colorado)

The Park Theatre in Estes Park, Colorado was built in 1913, and is the oldest operating cinema in the western United States. Designed by Clyde Anderson, it features an neon-outlined tower, added by Ralph Gwynn in 1922.
See also.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado

</doc>
<doc id="20015805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015805" title="Antonio Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago (died 1584)">
Antonio Crispo, Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago (died 1584)

Antonio Crispo (died 1584) was a Governor of the Duchy of the Archipelago between 1544 and 1554. He was the son of William Crispo (or "Guglielmo"; - 1555) and his unknown wife, and paternal grandson of Antonio Crispo.
He married a lady of the noble Greek Gavalas family from Rhodes, without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20015811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015811" title="Aleksei Uversky">
Aleksei Uversky

Aleksei Ivanovich Uversky () (born in 1891 in Saint Petersburg; died in 1942 in Leningrad) was an association football player.
International career.
Uversky made his debut for Russia on July 1, 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20015812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015812" title="Michael Moxon">
Michael Moxon

An "Honorary Chaplain to the Queen", the Very Reverend Michael Anthony Moxon was Dean of Truro from 1998 until his resignation in 2004. He was born on 23 January 1942 and educated at Merchant Taylors, Durham University and Heythrop College, London. Ordained in 1971 he was a curate at Lowestoft then Sacrist of St Paul's Cathedral, Vicar of Tewkesbury and Canon of Windsor 1996 - 1998 before his move to Truro.

</doc>
<doc id="20015822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015822" title="Chandra Nagar">
Chandra Nagar

Chandra Nagar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6109 people living in 1087 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015829" title="Rawil Pass">
Rawil Pass

The Rawil Pass (el. 2429 m.) (German: "Rawilpass") is a high mountain pass across the western Bernese Alps, connecting Lenk in the canton of Berne in Switzerland and Anzère or Crans Montana in the canton of Valais.
The pass lies between the Wildhorn on the west and the Wildstrubel on the east. Lac de Tseuzier is located south of the pass.

</doc>
<doc id="20015843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015843" title="Chhataul">
Chhataul

Chhataul is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3437 people living in 610 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015850" title="Burning Palms (film)">
Burning Palms (film)

Burning Palms is a 2010 satirical thriller film based on Los Angeles stereotypes told through five intertwining storylines. The film is the directorial debut of screenwriter Christopher B. Landon.
Premise.
The film explores satires of Angeleno stereotypes, which are told through five interlacing stories. The five intertwining segments are based on popular stereotypes of West Hollywood, Santa Monica, Sherman Oaks, Westwood and Holmby Hills. Each of the characters in the film confronts taboos and an uncertain, often darkly humorous, fate. Producer Oren Segal likens the film to "a John Waters version of "Short Cuts", a 1993 drama film directed by Robert Altman.
Plot.
Dedra Davenport (Rosamund Pike) meets the 15-year-old daughter (Emily Meade) of her fiancé (Dylan McDermott) for the very first time. However, she is soon disturbed by how unhealthy and bordering on incestuous the relationship between the two is.
Ginny Bai (Jamie Chung) agrees to participate in an unconventional sex act with her boyfriend Chad Bower (Robert Hoffman). Soon after she begins to slowly lose her mind when she cannot seem to get rid of an odd smell from her finger.
A rich and well recognized West Hollywood gay couple (Peter Macdissi and Anson Mount) decide to adopt a seven-year-old African girl (Tiara McKinney). They prove to be mentally unprepared for the challenges and risks involved in parenthood, especially so, as their adopted daughter is a decided mute who refuses to speak to them.
A nanny (Lake Bell) for a group of neglected children comes to find some dangerous secrets about the live-in staff at their mansion home.
An unidentified man (Nick Stahl) breaks into the apartment of meek woman Sarah Cotton (Zoe Saldana), whom he proceeds to rape. Sometime later she finds the man's wallet and is able to track him down and approach her attacker with an unusual request.
Production.
Casting.
Media outlets such as "The Hollywood Reporter" and "TV Guide" reported that the ensemble-driven indie feature will star Shannen Doherty and Dylan McDermott as well as Zoe Saldana, Lake Bell, Nick Stahl, Paz Vega, Adriana Barraza, Colleen Camp, Jamie Chung, Robert Hoffman, Peter Macdissi, Emily Meade, Anson Mount, Rosamund Pike, Austin Williams, Chandler George Brown, and Tom Wright.
Writing.
"Palms" was scripted by Christopher B. Landon, who also wrote the 2007 thriller "Disturbia". "Palms" will also mark Landon's directorial debut.
Filming.
The film was shot in Los Angeles, California and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Oren Segal, Steven Prince and Jason Hewitt produced the film, and Tyler Thompson, Vince Morella and Naz Jafri were executive producers.
Reception.
Critical response.
To date, the critical reception for the film has been largely negative. One critic described the film as being "one of the most offensive movies I’ve seen in the past decade", going on to say:
Andrew Schenker of "Slant" magazine gave the film just half of one star out of a possible four. Writing of the film:
Gabe Callahan, of Poptimal.com, pointed out his theories as to why the film was such a disappointment:
The film currently only holds a 33% rating on Metacritic, and a 29% "Rotten" on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="20015852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015852" title="Best of Led Zeppelin">
Best of Led Zeppelin

Best of Led Zeppelin is a two-volume greatest hits compilation album series by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records. Volume One, "Early Days", was released on November 23, 1999 while Volume Two, "Latter Days", was released on March 21, 2000. "Early Days" is composed of selected tracks from the period in the band's history dating 1968 to 1971. "Latter Days" covered 1973 to 1979. "Early Days" debuted at #71 on the Billboard's Pop Albums chart and "Latter Days" debuted at #81. A combined disc set, called "Early Days and Latter Days", was released on November 19, 2002. Both "Early Days" and "Early Days and Latter Days" were certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
"Early Days".
This enhanced CD contains 1969 television footage from Sweden of the band miming to "Communication Breakdown". On the compilation, the first four songs were originally released on the band's eponymous debut, the next two on "Led Zeppelin II", the next two from "Led Zeppelin III", and the final five from "Led Zeppelin IV".
"Latter Days".
This enhanced CD contains a video of a live performance of "Kashmir" from Earls Court in 1975 matched to the studio track. On the compilation, the first two songs were originally released on the album "Houses of the Holy", the next four on "Physical Graffiti", the next two on "Presence", and the final two on "In Through the Out Door".
Box set.
Appearance.
The sleeve that holds the two CDs is made of cardstock. The cover of the sleeve is mainly occupied by the same photo that there is on the cover of "Early Days". It features the members of Led Zeppelin in late Apollo mission astronaut suits in front of a starry background and a Led Zeppelin logo. The logo behind them shows many space-related images, but the only one wholly visible is the image of the moon's face with a space capsule stuck in its eye taken from the early silent movie A Trip to the Moon.
On the back of the sleeve is an array of information split up into two columns. On the left column, there is a photograph of the cover of Latter Days. It features the same astronaut suits, but the photos were taken later and so the members of Led Zeppelin are older. In the logo is an image of Saturn and behind all of the foreground is an image of Earth taken from space. Below that is the information about Atlantic. On the right column is a synopsis of the tracks on both discs.
"Early Days" Disc.
"Early Days" is packaged in a plastic jewel compact disc case. Much of the background is a drawing of stars, yet inside the case and behind the CD is an image of an artist's rendition of a supernova, apparently airbrushed. On the backside of the case is a list of the tracks. The background of the back cover appears to be a slightly out-of-focus photograph, likely taken by an amateur photographer.
The "Early Days" liner notes begin with the cover. On the cover is the same image that appears on the foreground of the sleeve. Inside the booklet is first a summary of the tracks, and then photos of the band ranging from 1969 to 1973. Then after that is a list of their albums, and the back page is a list of the band members, design and artwork credits, and information about the Enhanced CD capabilities on "Early Days".
"Latter Days" Disc.
"Latter Days" is comprised much like that of "Early Days". The four band members are pictured in the same Apollo space suits in the same order, but they are older. Much of the background is of Earth as viewed from orbit. There is a picture of Saturn in place of the picture of the moon with the ship in its eye. Behind the CD is an image of the Eagle Nebula.
The liner notes are just like those of "Early Days", except for the fact that the images range from the years 1972 to 1979.
Enhanced CD.
Both the "Early Days" CD and the "Latter Days" CD are enhanced so they can play extra content on a computer. On "Early Days", a music video of the song "Communication Breakdown" is included. On "Latter Days", a video of the song "Kashmir" is included.

</doc>
<doc id="20015859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015859" title="1999 du Maurier Open">
1999 du Maurier Open

The 1999 Canadian Open (known as the "du Maurier Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 110th edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1999 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the du Maurier Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from August 2 through August 8, 1999, and the women's event at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from August 16 through August 23, 1999.
WTA Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:

</doc>
<doc id="20015861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015861" title="Trapstar">
Trapstar

Trapstar might refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20015866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015866" title="Chhatona">
Chhatona

Chhatona is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2079 people living in 428 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015880" title="Druids F.C.">
Druids F.C.

Ruabon Druids F.C. (Welsh - "CP Derwyddon") were a football club based in village of Ruabon near Wrexham. The club was founded in 1869 as Plasmadoc F.C. by David Thomson and his brother, George, of Ruabon. In 1872, Plasmadoc amalgamated with two other Ruabon clubs, Ruabon Rovers F.C. and Ruabon Volenteers F.C., and under the guidance of Llewelyn Kenrick became Ruabon Druids.
Druids are notable as becoming the first Welsh club to enter the FA Cup and Birmingham & District League and winning the Welsh Cup eight times.
Their traditional home was Wynnstay Park on the Wynnstay Estate and their traditional colours were white shirts, black shorts with either black and cerise or simply black socks.
History.
The club was formed in 1869 as Plasmadoc F.C. by David Thomson and his brother in Cefn Mawr, where they played at the Plasmadoc Ground. Three years later, under the guidance of Llewelyn Kenrick of Wynn Hall, Plasmadoc amalgamated with Ruabon Rovers (a colliery team) and Ruabon Volunteers to form Ruabon Druids F.C., known simply as Druids F.C..
In March 1876, the Football Association of Wales was founded by Kenrick at the Wynnstay Arms Hotel, Ruabon and was followed on 25 March with Wales' first international match against Scotland. The match which was organised by Kenrick, himself, saw him gain his first cap playing in a full-back position.
1876 also saw Druids become the first Welsh club to enter the newly organised English F.A. Cup. Drawn against Shropshire Wanderers in the First Round, Druids withdrew before the match was played. In the next year, Druids once again entered the F.A. Cup, again drawn against Shropshire Wanderers in the First Round, they progressed to the Third Round where they were thumped 8–0 by eventually Runners-up Royal Engineers.
1877 saw the inaugural season of the Football Association of Wales Challenge Cup competition, to run on similar lines to the English FA Cup. Druids entered the competition, playing Newtown in the first ever match in the competition, and eventually reaching the Final, played at Acton Park, Wrexham, where they lost to Wrexham 1-0.
Following the death of David Thomson, aged 29, in 1878 Druids lost the use of the Plasmadoc Ground. Because of this, Druids were forced to withdraw form the 1878–79 edition of the Welsh Cup. This inconvenience meant Druids could no longer play home games, which resulted in many players, including Kenrick, leaving the club. Salvation was found in the form of the Williams-Wynn family as they allowed the club to use an area of the Wynnstay Estate, which became Wynnstay Park and home to the Druids for the next forty years.
With their new home Druids once again entered the Welsh Cup and the 1879–80 edition saw the start of an era of success for the Ruabon Club. Druids reached the Welsh Cup final seven consecutive times between 1879 and 1886 winning the trophy five times. Druids also had some success in the FA Cup reaching the Fifth Round (last eight) in 1882–83 and the Fourth Round in 1884–85
After seven years of success in Welsh football Druids would begin to suffer with the advent of professionalism. Druids failed to reach further than the Second Round in the Welsh Cup until the 1892–93 season. The earlier success in the FA Cup was also not to be matched as after 1887–88 they did not progress to the First Round proper again.
In 1897–98 season Druids joined The Combination and remained there until 1899–1900 season, finishing Fourth in 1898–99 and Third in 1899–1900. The 1897–98 season also saw Druids win the Welsh Cup for the Sixth time. More Welsh Cup success followed the following year, followed by two Runners-up spots in 1899–1900 and 1900–01. More silver ware would follow in the form of the Welsh Amateur Cup in 1902–03 and the Welsh Cup again for the Eighth and final time in 1903–04.
By now the Wynnstay Park Ground was fast becoming unsuitable and as the Estate would not allow improvement on the site, Druids began to suffer financially. With the outbreak of World War I in 1914 football in the country ceased until 1920, which in lue prevented Druids from becoming nothing more than a foot-note in the History of Welsh football. After the War Druids left Wynnstay Park and combined with Rhosymedre F.C. to form Rhosymedre Druids F.C. who played on the Church Field in Rhosymedre.
Despite this new pairing, Druids still faced financial trouble and amalgamated once more 1923 with Acrefair United F.C. to form a new club Druids United.
Druids United F.C. continued to ply their trade in the area and they too amalgamated, with Cefn Albion F.C. in 1992 to form Cefn Druids F.C., who still carry on the name and success of the old club as Cefn Druids in the Cymru Alliance.
International players.
Several Druids players have represented Wales in international matches, who are listed below, with the number of caps won whilst with Druids and the total caps in parentheses:
For further details of their international careers, see List of Wales international footballers

</doc>
<doc id="20015881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015881" title="Bharat Operating System Solutions">
Bharat Operating System Solutions

Bharat Operating System Solutions (BOSS) is a free and open source computer operating system developed by the National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software (NRCFOSS) of India. BOSS GNU/Linux is also known by the acronym BOSS. The latest version of this operating system, BOSS GNU/Linux Version 5.0 .
This software package has been described as "India's own PC operating system" and "the most meaningful product to come out of the Indian software industry in decades — and a work that a government department had done". 
The software has also been endorsed by the Government of India for adoption and implementation on a national scale.
It was developed at Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC), Chennai INDIA.
BOSS GNU/Linux is an "LSB certified" Linux distribution: the software has been certified by the Linux Foundation for compliance with the Linux Standard Base standard.
BOSS GNU/Linux is derived from Debian. Debian uses the Linux kernel (the core of an operating system), but most of the basic operating system tools in Debian come from the GNU Project; hence the appendages "GNU/Linux" to "Debian" and "BOSS".
The product is free software in the sense in which the term is used by the Free Software Foundation, and it is distributed under the GNU General Public License.
The latest desktop version of BOSS GNU/Linux is fully localised to eighteen Indian languages.
Versions.
BOSS GNU/Linux has had five major releases till February 2011
BOSS (Bharat Operating System Solutions) GNU/Linux distribution developed by C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing) derived from Debian for enhancing the use of Free/ Open source software throughout India. BOSSGNU/Linux - a key deliverable of NRCFOSS has upgraded from entry-level server to advanced server. It supports Intel and AMD x86/x86-64 architecture. BOSS GNU/Linux advanced server has unique features such as web server, proxy server, database server, mail server, network server, file and print server, SMS server, LDAP server. BOSS GNU/Linux advanced server comprises administration tools such as webmin which is a web-based interface, Gadmin, PHP myadmin, PHP LDAP admin, PG admin. The accessibility of BOSS Linux will have a constructive impact on the digital divide in India as more people can now have access to software in their local language to use the Internet and other information and communications technology (ICT) facilities. Community Information centers (CICs) and internet cafes will also benefit from BOSS GNU/Linux as this software can be utilized to power these outlets and is affordable and easy to install, use and support.
BOSS 4.0 is coupled with GNOME and KDE Desktop Environment with wide Indian language support and packages, relevant for use in the government domain. Currently BOSS GNU/Linux Desktop is available in almost all the Indian Languages such as Assamese, Bengali, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Oriya, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Tamil, Telugu, Bodo, Urdu, Kashmiri, Maithili, Konkani, Manipuri which will enable the mainly non-English literate users in the country to be exposed to ICT and to use the computer more effectively.
BOSS 5.0 codenamed anokha, comes with many new applications mainly focused on enhanced Security and User friendliness.The distribution includes over 12800 new packages, for a total of over 37493 packages. Most of the software in the distribution has been updated: over 20160 software packages (this is 70% of all packages in savir). BOSS 5.0 supports Linux Standard Base (LSB) version 4.1
The new version features XBMC Media center to allow the user to easily browse and view videos, photos, podcasts, and music from a harddrive, optical disc, local network, and the internet.
Available Indian languages.
BOSS GNU/Linux is available in the following languages of India:
The languages that are not available are Nepali, Sindhi, Dogri
References.
http://bosslinux.in/boss-50

</doc>
<doc id="20015892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015892" title="Dorino II Gattilusio">
Dorino II Gattilusio

Dorino II Gattilusio (died "circa" 1488) was the Lord of Ainos from 1455 to January 1456. He was the son of Palamede Gattilusio.
He married in 1454 his cousin Elisabetta Crispo (born 1445), daughter of Giacomo II Crispo, thirteenth Duke of the Archipelago, and wife Ginevra Gattilusio. They had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20015908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015908" title="Dhana Palbhawari">
Dhana Palbhawari

Dhana Palbhawari is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2338 people living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015913" title="Mohammad-Nabi Sarbolouki">
Mohammad-Nabi Sarbolouki

Mohammad-Nabi Sarbolouki () was a distinguished Iranian biophysicist and polymer chemist and one of the most influential individuals behind modern scientific movement in Iran. He was known as the inventor of a DNA vehicle called "dendrosome". Sarbolouki was one of the main founders and pioneers of nano science, biomaterials, biotechnology and biophysics in Iran. 
Sarbolouki studied chemistry at Tehran University and did his PhD in Macromolecular Physical Chemistry at Polytechnic University of New York. He then spent two years at Michigan State University as a postdoctoral fellow. Sarbolouki then joined NASA where he worked as a group leader till 1981.
Sarbolouki had numerous publications and patents on various subjects ranging from engineering to basic sciences. He initiated biomaterial research in Iran and was among the first to do structural biology in the country. He made significant contribution to the field of lipid bilayer membranes and liposomes, biodegradable polymers, tissue engineering, nanospheres (magnetic/fluorescent) and drug delivery. 
Sarbolouki was of the founding members of Iranian Society of Nanotechnology, Iranian Society of Proteomics and Iranian Chemical Society. He founded the first Biomaterial Research Center in Iran as well as National Research Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, ICGEB headquarter in Iran.
Sarbolouki was involved in science policy making at the national level and was instrumental in the advancement of interdisciplinary and applied research in Iran.
Professor Sarbolouki was the editor of Molecules, an international journal devoted to synthetic organic chemistry and natural product chemistry. He was also chief editor of Iranian Journal of Chemistry & Chemical Engineering. 
Professor Sarbolouki died on September 1, 2009 and his body was buried in Tehran Cemeteries, at the block for national legends on September 2, 2009. The Vice President and Minister of Science delivered messages of condolence and his burial was attended by numerous Iranian academics, scholars and students.

</doc>
<doc id="20015923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015923" title="Valeri Urin">
Valeri Urin

Valeri Grigoryevich Urin () (born August 10, 1934 in Sverdlovsk) is a retired Soviet football player of Jewish ethnicity.
International career.
Urin made his debut for USSR on August 30, 1958 in a friendly against Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20015930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015930" title="Dhanakaul Purba">
Dhanakaul Purba

Dhanakaul Purba is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5089 people living in 920 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015947" title="Dhangada">
Dhangada

Dhangada is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4966 people living in 880 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015958" title="Institute for the Study of the Ancient World">
Institute for the Study of the Ancient World

The Institute for the Study of the Ancient World (ISAW) is a center for advanced scholarly research and graduate education that cultivates comparative and connective investigations of the ancient world from the western Mediterranean to China. It is a discrete entity within New York University, independent of any other school or department of the university, with its own endowment and its own board of trustees. ISAW was founded in 2006 with funding from the Leon Levy Foundation, and is housed in separate facilities on East 84th Street in Manhattan. The Director of ISAW is Roger Bagnall. ISAW faculty conduct historical, archaeological, socio-cultural and linguistics research and offer doctoral and postdoctoral programs.
Exhibitions.
ISAW organizes exhibitions. The first of these is "Wine, Worship, and Sacrifice: The Golden Graves of Ancient Vani", which was exhibited in New York in the spring of 2008, went on tour, and generated a book. The second is The Lost World of Old Europe: The Danube Valley, 5000 – 3500 BC, November 11, 2009 – April 25, 2010. “Before Pythagoras: The Culture of Old Babylonian Mathematics”, an exhibit of Babylonian mathematics through cuneiform tablets (including Plimpton 322) runs from November 12–December 17, 2010 
Library.
A key component of the mission of ISAW is to develop a working library covering the full range of relevant fields. As well as providing coverage across a wide range of subjects, the library aims to develop strengths in areas otherwise currently poorly represented in New York area libraries. ISAW also aims to play an active role in developing and providing access to electronic resources for the ancient world. As a central feature of this effort, the Ancient World Digital Library will formulate, fund, and sustain a digital collection of the most important research materials for the use of the general scholarly community. It will constitute a collection of digital material of the highest quality and usefulness to scholars working within the cross-boundary, interdisciplinary, synchronic, and diachronic fields of study within ISAW’s mandate. The AWDL will function in close cooperation with other ISAW initiatives such as Backstop (ISAW’s project to facilitate the preservation and long-term maintenance of born-digital scholarly works for ancient studies), a planned Ancient World Image Bank (AWIB), and an initiative to identify, curate and create high quality MARC records for a broad range of scholarly material digitized elsewhere.
Online Resources.
Ancient World Digital Library Book Viewer
Ancient World Image Bank
Ancient World Online
Exhibitions
ISAW Papers: An open-content scholarly journal that publishes article-length works on any topic within the scope of ISAW's scholarly research.
Papyri.info
Planet Atlantides
Pleiades
Social Media

</doc>
<doc id="20015963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015963" title="Daniel Mangeas">
Daniel Mangeas

Daniel Mangeas, (born 10 April 1949) is a former baker who has been the commentator of the Tour de France and other important cycle races in France and Belgium since 1974. He commentates on 200 events a year, but tries to never speak for the rest of the day after races, to preserve his voice.
Origins.
Mangeas is from Saint-Martin-de-Landelles in Normandy, he was born in Mortain (Manche). He comes from a cycling family. He saw the Tour de France for the first time at four years old. He also watched his cousin ride. He worked as a baker for 10 years in Saint-Hilaire-du-Harcouët before being discovered by Albert Bouvet, the deputy director of the Tour de France. Mangeas recounted in an interview with Vélo 101 that he had commentated on table-football games among friends when he was a child, and commented on his first bike race when he was 15 years old.
Tour de France.
He continued commentating after finishing his national service at 21, was heard by Albert Bouvet and recruited for the 1974 Tour de France as deputy "speaker". He rode ahead of the race in an air-conditioned Chevrolet ("which were pretty rare at the time") to stand in for the main speaker, Pierre Shori. Shori's car broke down on the Saint-Lary-Soulan stage and Mangeas had to take over at the finish. Until then he had spoken only at the starts and at time trials. He said:
He became the main speaker two years later, presenting riders at the start of each day's race for two hours, then driving the length of the race and commentating the last 50 km at the finish.
Mangeas' commentating has been praised for its energy and his knowledge of details about each rider."The microphone-man dances almost on one foot, crying the records of the 177 riders without ever forgetting to say that is one rider is so strong it's because he eats only black radish. Finally he shuts up, still ringing in your head... He's like a gong that rings on and on without stopping."</ref> On the other hand, he is criticised for presenting an over-optimistic view of the sport of cycling."He evokes a dream world of cycling without cheats, where all the riders are good boys. And where all the team doctors are like family doctors in the countryside, in corduroy trousers, with a pipe in their mouth. You can't count on Mangeas to empty the gutters of cycling... The smoke of doping doesn't inconvenience him. For the 28 years that he has held the job, he has seen riders climbing on to his podium. Little guys, big guys, even guys stuffed with corticoids."</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20015964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015964" title="Palamede Gattilusio">
Palamede Gattilusio

Palamede Gattilusio (c. 1389-1455) was the Lord of Ainos from 1409 to his death, succeeding his great-uncle Niccolò. He was a younger son of Francesco II of Lesbos.
During the early years of his reign over Ainos, the city prospered, as attested by six inscriptions which survived into the 20th century. The churches of the Chrysopege and of St. Nicholas were erected at that time. It was also during his tenure that Samothrace came into the possession of the Gattilusio family, for when Bertrandon de la Broquiere visited Ainos in 1433, he wrote that Samothrace was part of Palamede's lands.
Family.
He married a woman named Valentina and had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="20015978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015978" title="Niverka Marte">
Niverka Marte

Niverka Dharlenis Marte Frica (born October 19, 1990 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who won the silver medal at the 2009 Women's U20 Volleyball World Championship 
Career.
During the 2006 season, she played in La Romana with "Aviación" and with "Mirador" at Distrito Nacional Superior Championship, winning her team the league championship.
Niverka played for her native country at the 2007 FIVB Girls' U18 Volleyball World Championship in Baja California, Mexico. There her team ended up in 8th place.
In 2008, she participated at the NORCECA Women´s Junior Continental Championship U-20 as team captain, winning with her them the silver medal and individually, the "Best Setter" award. Shortly afterwards she claimed the gold medal at the 2008 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup in Mexico, with the senior national team.
With the "National Junior Team" she won the silver medal with the at the 2009 Women's U20 Volleyball World Championship. 
Playing beach volleyball (three) with Ana Yorkira Binet and Marianne Fersola, she won the gold medal at the "2010 Hato Mayor Beach Volleyball Tournament".
As a setter, she helped the National Senior Team playing in Chiapas, Mexico, to win the 2010 Final Four Cup gold medal.
Marte returned to Hato Mayor to win the gold medal in the annual Sport Festival in Beach Volleyball (three), this time playing along Altagracia Mambrú and Ana Yorkira Binet.
In 2012, Marte played on Olympic Games, where Dominican Republic qualified to quarter-final.
In September 2012, Marte won the gold medal at the first 2012 U23 Pan-American Cup, played in Callao, Peru.
Marte was transferred to the Azerbaijani Club Igtisadchi Baku in early November. With this club, she claimed the silver medal of the 2012/13 Azerbaijani Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20015991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015991" title="Prussian S 10">
Prussian S 10

The Prussian Class S 10 included all express train locomotives in the Prussian state railways that had a 4-6-0 wheel arrangement. There were four sub-classes: the S 10, S 10.1 (with 1911 and 1914 variants) and S 10.2.
Prussian S 10.
As a result of the lack of powerful express locomotives in the first decade of the 20th century, the Prussian state railways ordered the Class S 10 locomotives from Schwartzkopff. This engine was an evolutionary development of the passenger train locomotive, the Prussian P 8, which can be seen from the similarity in their locomotive frames. Unlike the P 8, however, the S 10—inspired by the Saxon XII H—had a four-cylinder engine with simple expansion.
Between 1910 and 1914 a total of 202 locomotives were built. The two prototypes were initially designated as S 8 class and only reclassified in 1912 to S 10. The Lübeck-Büchen Railway took delivery of five similar, albeit somewhat less powerful, machines that they also designated as the S 10.
Over the course of time several modifications were made. In the end the S 10 proved to be worse than the S 101, a four-cylinder compound locomotive in terms of both steam and coal consumption and was one of the most uneconomical Prussian locomotives.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over 135 locomotives into its Class 17.0-1 and gave them the running numbers 17 001–135. They were retired by 1935, however, due to their high fuel consumption. Only three examples (17 039, 102 and 107) survived the Second World War, as braking locomotives. The last S 10 was retired in 1954.
Number 17 008 has been sectioned and is on display in the German Museum of Technology in Berlin .
The S 10s were coupled with tenders of classes pr 2'2' T 21.5 and pr 2'2' T 31.5.
Prussian S 10.1 (1911 variant).
Even as production started on the S 10, Henschel were given an order for the manufacture of a compound locomotive, which promised to deliver lower coal consumption.
This locomotive, classified as the S 10.1, was not based on the S 10, but was a new design. The four-cylinder compound engine was of the de Glehn type, which meant that the outside cylinders, set well to the rear, drove the second coupled axle and the inside cylinder drove the first. The engines were larger and more powerful than the S 10 and, thanks to their compound engines, also more economical.
Between 1911 and 1914, no less than 135 examples were built for Prussia and 17 for Alsace-Lorraine. Following initial dissatisfaction with the vehicles, several modifications to the locomotives finally led to the desired success. For example, no feedwater preheater was fitted to start with for weight-saving reasons, but one was later installed. The remaining disadvantages, such as the poor accessibility of the inside drive, led to the development of a new version in the shape of the 1914 variant.
After three locomotives were sent abroad as reparations, the Deutsche Reichsbahn took over the remaining 132 vehicles as Class 17.10–11 with numbers 17 1001–1123 and 17 1145–1153.
The three locomotives left in 1945 with the Austrian Federal Railway were renumbered to 617.1004, 617.1089 and 617.1099 and retired in 1957.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn withdrew their last S 10.1 engines in 1952. The Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany held onto these locomotives for longer and converted 13 examples to coal-dust firing. Locomotive number 17 1119 was given a condensing tender. In 1963 the last machines were taken out of service by the DR.
Number 17 1055 (formerly "Posen 1107", running as "Osten 1135") was partly returned to its original configuration and belongs today to the Dresden Transport Museum.
The S 10.1s were equipped with tenders of Prussian classes pr 2'2' T 21.5 and pr 2'2' T 31.5.
Prussian S 10.1 (1914 variant).
Various disadvantages of the 1911 variant of the S 10.1, such as the difficulty of accessing the inside driving gear and the long steam lines between high and low-pressure cylinders, caused the Prussian state railways to have the design reworked.
The four cylinders were now located – as on the von Borries compound – on a slant; the twin-axle drive configuration was however retained. Even the boiler was modified; grate and firebox heating areas and the superheater were increased in size. Due to the altered location of the cylinders the running plate could be raised, which gave the locomotives a higher and more modern appearance, although in fact the height of the boiler axis above the rails remained unchanged.
In spite of these considerable differences, the 1914 variant was also designated as the S 10.1. These locomotives were the most powerful expresses in Prussia, and the Prussian state railways continued to live without Pacific locomotives. In 1914, one locomotive reached a speed of 152 km/h on a trial run with three coaches (according to some sources it may even have reached 156 km/h).
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over 77 locomotives as Class 17.11-12 with the numbers 17 1124–1144 and 1154–1209.
In the DR in the GDR two 1914 variant locomotives were given "Wendler" coal-dust firing. The last engine was retired in 1964. Unlike the 1911 variant, no 1914 variant of this locomotive class remains preserved.
Prussian S 10.2.
The Stettiner Maschinenbau AG Vulcan built the Class S 10.2 based on the S 10. In contrast to the S 10 it only had three cylinders, but was otherwise largely identical.
The Prussian state railways bought a total of 124 locomotives from 1914. These variants were certainly superior to the S 10, but not the S 10.1.
28 engines had to be handed to foreign railway administrations after the First World War. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over the remaining 96 vehicles, incorporating them into Class 17.2 with running numbers 17 201–296. The remaining engines were gathered together into the northern and central German Reichsbahn railway divisions. Here they were partly replaced from 1930 by the Class 03.
88 engines survived the Second World War and ended up with the Deutsche Bundesbahn, where they were retired by 1948.
The S 10.2s were equipped with pr 2'2' T 31.5 tenders.
Trial locomotives.
Three S 10.2s were fitted with "Stumpf" parallel-flow cylinders ("Gleichstromzylinder") for test purposes, whereby unlike the production models, the outer cylinders drove the second coupled axle. Even when they were converted to the standard configuration, the twin-axle drive was retained. One of these engines went to Poland after the First World War; the others were given numbers 17 203 and 17 204 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
In 1925, locomotive 17 206 was given a "Schmidt-Hartmann" high-pressure boiler with a boiler overpressure of 5.884 MPa (58.84 bar), and the drive was converted to a compound configuration. The increased performance of the H 17 206 designated locomotive compared with the production design did not justify the higher construction costs however; the engine was converted back to the standard design in 1929 and retired in 1936.
The two locomotives with running numbers 17 236 and 17 239 were given a medium-pressure boiler in 1933 with a boiler overpressure of 2.452 MPa (24.52 bar), and they were also converted to compound operation at the same time. The performance of these converted engines matched that of the DRG Class 03 and they were employed together with the Class 03s in scheduled services. After several cases of boiler damage, however the boiler pressure, had to be reduced to 16 bar (1.6 MPa) in order to avoid further problems. During the 1930s the two medium-pressure locomotives were reconverted again. Both engines survived the ware and were retired together with the other S 10.2s in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20015993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015993" title="Marsalis Jams">
Marsalis Jams

Marsalis Jams is a program of the Music Education Initiative, Inc., a non-profit organization dedicated to furthering music education in schools and colleges and to seeking innovative ways to enhance public and community support for the arts. MEI was co-founded by jazz musicians Branford Marsalis and Harry Connick, Jr., and Marsalis Jams is its first program.
Marsalis Jams brings leading established jazz ensembles to high school and college campuses for interactive mini-residencies. The components of the program are workshops for student musicians, information sessions with the general student population, and a culminating performance in which the visiting group performs its own music and is then joined by student musicians for a jam session. The goals of the program are to (1) provide opportunities for student musicians to perform with established professional groups, (2) expose student audiences to live jazz performance, and (3) expand opportunities for working bands outside of the currently limited nightclub and concert settings.
In 2008, Marsalis Jams established Marsalis Berklee Jams, an ongoing program with the Berklee College of Music that brings bands to the school’s newly created performance space Café 939.
Marsalis Jams past school participants have included:
Artist presenters have included the ensembles of David Sánchez, Miguel Zenón and the late James Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20016008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016008" title="Lake Minto">
Lake Minto

Lake Minto (Inuktitut: "Qasigialik", "where there are Spotted Seals") is a lake on western Ungava Peninsula, Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. It has a total surface area of and a net area of .
It was named by Canadian explorer and geologist Albert Peter Low in 1898 after Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 4th Earl of Minto, who was Governor General of Canada at that time.
It is only some east of Hudson Bay in a valley between several rows of hills, but Lake Minto's outlet, the Leaf River, flows north-east for about to Ungava Bay. As such, it is used by canoeists especially when crossing Ungava from west to east.
It is considered one of the most beautiful lakes in northern Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20016014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016014" title="Thikkodiyan">
Thikkodiyan

P. Kunhananandan Nair, better known by his penname Thikodiyan () (1916 – January 28, 2001) was a well known Malayalam author. He was born in Thikkodi, a small village in Kozhikode district, in the Indian state of Kerala. He was a multi-faceted personality, being a poet, playwright, novelist and a producer at All India Radio.
Thikodiyan has written a number of plays, novels, screenplays, and lyrics. In his autobiography "Arangu Kaanatha Nadan" ("The actor who had never been on stage"), Thikodiyan portrayed the Malabar's social and cultural development in the post independent period and captured the charm of Kozhikode. This work won him the Kendra Sahithya Academy Award (Malayalam) in 1995 and Vayalar Ramavarma Award in the same year.
Life.
He was born in Thikkodi, a small village in Kozhikode district, in the Indian state of Kerala, to M. Kunjappa Nair and P. Narayani Amma. He inherited his love for theatre from his grandfather, who brought him up after the untimely death of his parents. His primary education was at Basel Mission Middle School, Quilandy. Later he completed teachers training and joined the same school as a teacher in 1936. He imbibed the spirit of the age of nationalism and social awareness. Private schoolteachers were a neglected lot in British Malabar. Thikkodiyan protested against the inequity and was expelled from the school in 1938 for participating in a strike. He then plunged into full-time social work and became an active worker of the Bharat Seva Sangham. Till his last days, he had striven to promote the Nayanar Balika Sadanam, an orphanage in Kozhikode. He joined All India Radio in 1950 as a script writer, and retired in 1979 as a producer. He had joined the AIR after a brief stint as editor of the Malayalam daily, "Dinaprabha".
He got married in 1942, and widowed in 1949. He had only one daughter. He died at his residence in Kozhikode on 28 January 2008. He was 84 and had been ailing for the past few months.
Writing.
P. Kunhananandan Nair began his literary career writing poetry in the pen name Anand. He also wrote many satirical along with renowned humorist Sanjayan.
He was rechristened Thikkodiyan by Sanjayan. He took to writing plays in the early Fifties, while serving as a scriptwriter at the Kozhikode station of the All India Radio. Urged by his friends such as S. K. Pottekkatt, Uroob, N. V. Krishna Warrier, M. V. Devan, V. Abdulla and K. A. Kodungalloor, Thikkodiyan wrote a play, "Jeevitham", which was staged in 1954. This drama had topped a competition conducted by the Kendra Kala Samithy. As a playwright, his range was amazing. On the one hand, he portrayed social realities and poignant human situations ("Pazhaya Bandham", "Attupoya Kanni"), while on the other he set off on flights of fancy, offering a larger-than-life vision ("Pushpavrishti", "Mahabharatham"). "Kanyadanam" which is based on the Christian life of Malabar proclaims the value of perseverance. Despite their foibles, his characters were lovable. Even the works that told the most tragic tales, radiated hope. Apart from 30-odd plays, he had also written novels, including "Chuvanna Kadal", "Aswahridayam" and "Pazhassiyude Padavaal". Drawn against the background of the sea and the Portuguese invasion, "Chuvanna Kadal" was among the major historical novels in Malayalam. 
Thikkodiyan had written countless radio skits, features and lyrics, some of which had been set to tune by composers such as K. Raghavan. He made a foray into cinema, writing the story, screenplay and dialogue for Kunchako's "Pazhassi Raja". He also scripted legendary director G. Aravindan's maiden work, "Uttarayanam".
His autobiography, "Arangu Kaanatha Nadan" (The Actor Who Had Never Been on Stage"), sketched Malabar's social and cultural development, profiled some of its noted residents, and, above all, captured the charm of Kozhikode.

</doc>
<doc id="20016023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016023" title="Fujifilm FinePix S-series">
Fujifilm FinePix S-series

The Fujifilm FinePix S and HS-series of digital cameras consists of the company's DSLR system and bridge camera models. 
Current models.
Bridge camera: (as at March 27, 2012)
Discontinued models.
DSLR system:
Bridge camera:

</doc>
<doc id="20016024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016024" title="Lötschen Pass">
Lötschen Pass

The Lötschen Pass (el. 2690 m.) (German: "Lötschenpass", also Lötschberg) is a high mountain pass in Switzerland across the Lötschberg, connecting Kandersteg in the canton of Berne and Ferden in the canton of Valais.
There is no actual mountain called "Lötschberg". The pass lies between the Balmhorn on the west and Hockenhorn on the east. The pass is not accessible for cars, but traffic goes through the Lötschberg Tunnel via railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20016047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016047" title="A (1965 film)">
A (1965 film)

A is a 1965 short film animated by Jan Lenica. It involves a writer tormented by a giant letter "A". He frees himself from the "A" only to encounter a "B". It began production in late 1965 and premiered at the Oberhausen Film Festival in February 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20016053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016053" title="Product displacement">
Product displacement

Product displacement is the removing of trademarked products from primarily visual media in order to avoid the payment of licensing fees, if the trademark owner objects, or if the broadcaster would prefer not to publicise a product for free, if the owners have not paid for it to be included in a programme.
Product displacement can also refer to brands/companies deliberately modifying their name or logo in an attempt to make people see the logo and realize that the logo/name is not correct. This extra thinking time forces people to register the real brand. This method can be more effective than product placement.
Method.
Product displacement is usually achieved via digital pixelation, though prior to the widespread availability of computer post-production, stagehands would cover up brands on bottles, etc., using tape, or by using fake labels. This was called "greeking" and the term is also used now for the digital process as well.
Notable examples.
According to Danny Boyle, director of 2008 film "Slumdog Millionaire", the makers had to resort to "product displacement" when companies such as Mercedes refused to allow their products to be used in non-flattering settings. While they didn't mind having a gangster driving their cars, they objected to their products been shown in a slum setting. This forced the makers in post-production to remove logos digitally, costing "tens of thousands of pounds".
The practice of product displacement is also frequently seen on reality television programs which do not have clearance to display the logos or products of non-sponsor companies. This accounts for the frequent appearance of pixel mosaics and blurring of logo t-shirts and other instances on shows such as "America's Next Top Model", "Survivor", and "The Real World".

</doc>
<doc id="20016072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016072" title="Dulce (Francisca Valenzuela song)">
Dulce (Francisca Valenzuela song)

"Dulce" ("Candy") is a Pop song recorded by Chilean singer and song-writer Francisca Valenzuela and this song is the second single and also the more successful single released from her first solo debut studio album, "Muérdete La Lengua", which was released in Chile on December 28, 2006.
Song information.
The song was written during 2005 by Valenzuela, and produced by Mauricio Durán and Francisco Durán, members of Chilean Rock band Los Bunkers. The song was released on December 28, 2006 on the radio. Subsequently, on March 12, 2007, it was made available for Digital Download.
Music video.
The official music video for the song "Dulce" was premiered on Via X on January 30, 2007 with high popularity in the Chilean music channels, later on March 12, 2007 was premiered for MTV Latin America, the same day of the Digital release of the single. The music video was directed by Francisca García and in the simple music video shows to Francisca playing a piano in front a black screen with candies over the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="20016084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016084" title="1993 Stockholm Open">
1993 Stockholm Open

The 1993 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 25th edition of the Stockholm Open and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1993 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden, from October 25 through November 1, 1993. 
The singles draw was headlined by. Other top seeds were.

</doc>
<doc id="20016087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016087" title="Le5 Communications">
Le5 Communications

Le5 Communications is a Canadian media company. Based in Sudbury, Ontario, the company operates radio stations and newspapers in the Northeastern Ontario region. The company operates the only French language commercial radio stations in Ontario which originate their own programming; with the exception of one station in Eastern Ontario which primarily rebroadcasts a station from Montreal, all other French stations in the province are public or community radio stations operated by non-profit groups or Radio-Canada.
Owned and operated by Paul Lefebvre, a lawyer with the Sudbury firm of Weaver, Simmons, the company was incorporated in 2008 after Lefebvre reached a deal with Haliburton Broadcasting Group to acquire the company's francophone radio stations in Sudbury and Timmins for $425,000. The deal was approved by the CRTC on October 31, 2008. 
The company's name is a pun on Lefebvre's surname. If the numeral 5 is pronounced as in English (i.e. "five" rather than "cinq"), the company's name is very close to the French pronunciation of Lefebvre.
History.
Although originally established by separate owners in the 1950s, CHYC-FM in Sudbury and CHYK-FM in Timmins had been under common ownership since their acquisition by Mid-Canada Radio in 1985. The stations were acquired by the Pelmorex Radio Network in 1990, and subsequently by Haliburton in 1999, before Le5 acquired the stations in 2008.
On August 4, 2010, Le5 Communications applied to operate a new French-language FM radio station in West Nipissing, operating at 97.1 MHz with an adult pop-music format. The company received approval to operate the new station on January 6, 2011.
Holdings.
Radio.
All three stations are branded as Le Loup, and air common programming for the most part. Each station produces its own distinct morning program; however, for the remainder of the day each station is the host studio to one daypart within a shared region-wide simulcast. The Timmins station also has rebroadcasters in Kapuskasing and Hearst, and a community group holds a separate license to rebroadcast the Sudbury station in Chapleau.
Newspapers.
The company launched "L'Express de Timmins", a weekly francophone community newspaper in Timmins, in 2010. In 2011, it also purchased Sudbury's existing francophone community newspaper "Le Voyageur". In 2013, "L'Express de Timmins" and "Le Voyageur" merged to form "Le Voyageur La voix du Nord", with expanded coverage throughout the Northeastern Ontario region.
Controversy.
Although it was not opposed to Le5's application to take over ownership of CHYC, "Le Voyageur" published an editorial in 2008 criticizing the CRTC for its handling of the application process. The paper took issue with the fact that the CRTC's original notice of hearing was not published in any of the region's local media, but only in the Ottawa newspaper "Le Droit", a publication with very limited readership in the Sudbury or Timmins areas — thereby giving the region's Franco-Ontarian community little notice of either the pending transaction or the deadlines for reviewing and submitting comments regarding the application.

</doc>
<doc id="20016105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016105" title="Chang Chia-juch">
Chang Chia-juch

Chang Chia-juch () is the incumbent Minister of Economic Affairs (MOEA) of the Republic of China since 18 February 2013. He previously served as the Vice Minister of Transportation and Communications.
ROC Economic Affairs Ministry.
Longmen nuclear power plant.
In mid April 2013, commenting on Taiwan's fourth nuclear power plant construction, Chang said that the power plant has undergone rigorous integration and testing, therefore it is inappropriate to call the plant as an "assembled car". He added that the MOEA has created a team to inspect the overall system of the plant over the next six months to end the controversy.
Electric vehicle industry.
Speaking at an automotive trade show in mid April 2013, Chang spoke about Taiwan's young electric vehicle industry. In the midst of growing world oil price and rising environmental awareness, he said that the MOEA is currently considering efforts to lower the cost of manufacturing, marketing and distributing electric vehicles to general public.
However, he acknowledged the current stumbling blocks for common usage of electric vehicle, especially on the current technology and availability of the charging stations around Taiwan.
2013 H7N9 flu virus outbreak.
In end of April 2013 during the H7N9 flu virus outbreak, citing from the research result from Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, Chang warned that if this outbreak continues for three months, Taiwan's GDP forecast will drop by 0.004%. The flu will also hit Taiwan's consumption, production and export-related sectors if the outbreak gets worse. To mitigate this situation, Chang said that the MOEA has prepared a special task force to monitor the ongoing situation, and they will aim to be well-prepared to prevent the disease from spreading further.
Taiwan's Q1 2013 economic growth.
Commenting on Taiwan's Q1 2013 lower-than-expected 1.54% economic growth at Legislative Yuan in end of April 2013, Chang said the MOEA will continue to promote policies to strengthen Taiwan's export and domestic investment. He also reassure people to be more optimistic on the annual GDP growth, because low GDP growth in Q1 doesn't mean low GDP growth in the remaining quarters in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20016116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016116" title="Seoul Declaration on Safety and Health at Work">
Seoul Declaration on Safety and Health at Work

On June 29, 2008, the XVIII World Congress on Safety and Health at Work signed the Seoul Declaration on Safety and Health at Work. The declaration included statements concerning national governments' responsibility for perpetuating a "national preventative safety and health culture", for improving their national safe-workplace performance systematically, and for providing a health standard with appropriate enforcement to protect workers. The declaration also listed responsibilities of employers, stated the rights of workers, and emphasized the importance of promoting a culture of safety.
The XVIII World Congress on Safety and Health at Work.
Every three years, the International Labour Organization (ILO) and International Social Security Association (ISSA) organize a World Congress on Safety and Health at Work, bringing together government ministers, corporate leaders, health experts, and employer and worker representatives. The XVIII World Congress was sponsored by the Korea Occupational Safety and Health Agency (KOSHA) and convened from June 29, 2008 through July 2, 2008, in Seoul, South Korea. The Congress drew over 4,000 participants from 100 countries and resulted in the signing of the Seoul Declaration on Safety and Health at Work.
Groundwork for the Seoul Declaration.
The genesis of the Seoul Declaration came with the first Safety and Health Summit. The approximately 50 representatives at the Summit signed a Declaration of Safety and Health at Work. This document outlined standards through which workers, employers, and governments could collaborate to reduce workplace accidents and disease. The work was subsequently expanded upon, resulting ultimately in the Seoul Declaration later that year.
Provisions of the Seoul Declaration.
The Seoul Declaration recognizes worker safety as a basic human right and emphasizes workplace safety's positive impact on working conditions, productivity, and economic and social development. The declaration addresses government, employer, and worker responsibilities, and describes the commitment made by the document's signatories.
Government.
The declaration urges governments to implement effective labor inspection systems that focus on improving national performance systematically. It encourages governments to ratify of the ILO Promotional Framework for Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 2006 (No. 187).
Employers.
The declaration pronounces the relationship between high safety and health standards at work and good business performance. Employers are encouraged to implement management systems to improve workplace safety and health and to guarantee that workers are consulted, trained, informed and involved in the process.
Worker responsibilities.
The declaration calls upon workers to follow safety and health instructions and procedures, to properly use personal protective equipment, to participate in safety and health training, and to cooperate with their employer in adhering to measures related to their safety and health at work.
Signatories.
In accepting the Seoul Declaration, signatories committed to promote a preventative safety and health culture and push workplace safety in their various national agendas. Additional they agreed to revisit the declaration and review its progress at the next meeting of the Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20016179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016179" title="Bybon">
Bybon

Bybon or Bybon son of Phola (early 6th century BC) was a famous ancient Greek weight lifter. A block of red sandstone weighing 143.5 kg was found at Olympia, with the carved inscription "Bybon son of Phola, has lifted me over head with one hand." The stone has a section carved out as a hand grip.
The stone is on display at the Archaeological Museum of Olympia.

</doc>
<doc id="20016180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016180" title="Sundarrajan">
Sundarrajan

Sundarrajan is a South Indian name that can refer to multiple individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="20016184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016184" title="Mao Chi-kuo">
Mao Chi-kuo

Mao Chi-kuo (; born 4 October 1948) is the current Vice Premier of the Republic of China (ROC).
Early life.
Mao was born in 1948, in Fenghua, Chekiang, Republic of China. Mao obtained his bachelor degree in civil engineering from the National Cheng Kung University in Tainan in 1971. He further his study in Master of Economics from the Asian Institute of Technology in Thailand in 1975, then his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in United States in 1982.
Non-political career.
In 1982-1987, Mao was the Associate Professor, Professor and Director at the National Chiao Tung University (NCTU) in Hsinchu City. In 2003-2006, he become the Chair Professor of the College of Management of NCTU, and become the college's Dean and Professor in 2006-2008.
ROC Transportation and Communications Administrative Deputy Ministry.
Mao's first service at the Ministry of Transportation and Communications was as the Administrative Deputy Minister under President Lee Teng-hui from 1993 until 2000.
ROC Transportation and Communications Ministry.
He served as the Minister of Transportation and Communications in the Republic of China under the administration of President Ma Ying-jeou from 2008 until 2013.
First cross-strait submarine cable.
Speaking at the completion ceremony in Kinmen of the first cross-strait submarine communication cable linking Kinmen and Xiamen in August 2012, Mao said that the undersea cable will ease the construction of any future cross-strait cable projects in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20016198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016198" title="Gino Cauchi">
Gino Cauchi

Gino Cauchi (born 25 January 1968, Paola) is a Sales and Marketing Manager in One Productions Ltd and a Maltese politician. He was Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives of Malta of the Labour Party (Partit Laburista).
Personal life and family.
Cauchi was born in Paola and lives in Pembroke. He is married to Louiselle née Attard, and they have two children: Paula and Nicholas.
Career at One Productions.
He joined One Productions as Head of News and Current Affairs in 2000.
Took over as Head of Sales and Marketing in 2005.
Currently he is a Communication Executive within the Labour Party
Journalism.
Cauchi worked as a journalist with Public Broadcasting Authortity (The National Television Station in Malta) from 1985 till 2000. He later worked as a journalist with Party's television and radio station, Super One Radio and took on a similar role at Super One TV.becoming the station's head of news in 2000. He was also editor of Party's media, One Productions Ltd[http://www.one.com.mt/, between 2000 and 2005.
Politics.
Gino was as a member of the youth section of the Labour Party, the Socialist Youth Forum (Ghaqda Żgħażagħ Socjalisti)in the committee of Santa Lucija. From 1995 till 1998 he had served as a mayor of Pembroke. He later served as Education Secretary and Acting President of the local committee of Pembroke and he involved in 10th district of Labour Party. For these last three years, he contested the elections to represented the delegates in Labour Party General Conference. He produced the document of the social and economic of the Labour Party. On 31 October 2008, Cauchi was casually elected as a Member of Parliament following the passing away of Karl Chircop.

</doc>
<doc id="20016199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016199" title="Dolly Varden Mountains">
Dolly Varden Mountains

The Dolly Varden Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20016200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016200" title="Peter Lawrence (teacher)">
Peter Lawrence (teacher)

Peter Stafford Hayden Lawrence (9 February 1913 – 18 March 2005) was a master at Eton College and The Doon School, India and a published author. He was, until his death, the last surviving master at Eton to have served in the Second World War.
Lawrence was born on 9 February 1913, the son of Aubrey Trevor Lawrence KC, MBE and his wife Constance Emily Fanning. He was the grandson of Sir Trevor Lawrence, 2nd Baronet and was, until his death, heir to that title. He was educated at Eton, where his godfather, Cyril Alington, had recently been appointed head master, and at Christ Church, Oxford, his father's college, where he read science and mathematics.
During his time at Oxford he returned to Eton several times as a stop gap teacher. After university he taught for a while at The Doon School in India before returning to become a full-time assistant master at Eton. He later became a house master. Through his Indian connections he came to have the late Birendra of Nepal in his house. He was eventually rewarded with the Order of the White Elephant, First Class, for his work with the Nepalese Crown Prince.
On August 1940, Lawrence married Helena Frances Lyttelton, the daughter of G.W. Lyttelton (see Viscount Cobham) and Pamela Marie Adeane, herself daughter of Charles Adeane. By her he had two sons and four daughters.
During the Second World War he served in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve. Lawrence saw service as a radar officer in the North Atlantic and Mediterranean. He was mentioned in dispatches following night patrols in the English Channel before D-Day and was
demobilised as a Lieutenant Commander (Special Branch).
In 1977 Lawrence retired to Great Milton, Oxfordshire. He was the author of two volumes of photography of Eton (An Eton Camera) and edited many others (including The Encouragement of Learning, an anthology of articles and extracts from many sources covering most aspects of Eton life to the end of the Victorian Age, and Grizel Hartley Remembered, a collection of letters and memories of a unique Eton character). He founded the Museum of Eton Life, and also wrote obituaries of Eton masters for the Daily Telegraph.

</doc>
<doc id="20016201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016201" title="EFM32">
EFM32

EFM32 is a family of 32-bit microcontroller integrated circuits by Energy Micro AS, a subsidiary of Silicon Labs. The EFM32 chips are grouped into related series that are based around the same 32-bit ARM processor core, such as the Cortex-M4F, Cortex-M3, or Cortex-M0+. Internally, each microcontroller consists of the processor core, static RAM memory, flash memory, debugging interface, and various peripherals.
EFM32 is a mixed-signal microcontroller focusing on supporting ultra low power battery operated solutions. To run from small cell batteries, EFM32 MCUs incorporates low power peripheral technology, fast response time, low latency, and autonomous operation (i.e. the CPU does not run while the peripherals communicate). The EFM32 microcontrollers are offered in various configurations.
Overview.
The central processing unit in EFM32 is based on either Cortex-M4F, Cortex-M3, or Cortex-M0 processor core from ARM Holdings. EFM stands for Energy Friendly Microcontrollers and the number 32 indicates the 32-bit processor core.
EFM32 devices main areas are in the low power industrial and consumer battery powered applications. This typically consist of energy metering, alarms and security systems, consumer products, communication and computer networking systems, industrial sensors, and portable medical- and sport/fitness solutions.
Gecko name.
EFM32 microcontroller families are named after Gecko lizards. These chips have a logo of them, inspired by David Attenborough and the BBC camera crew that made a series on amphibians and reptiles. These vertebrates consumes 10% energy of a mammal of similar size. Hence, the Gecko name is used to indicate the ultra-low power characteristics of EFM32 MCUs.
EFM32 technology.
EFM32 microcontrollers target very low active power consumption, reduced processing time, very fast wake-up time and ultra-low standby current. To achieve such characteristics, Energy Micro has listed 10 factors for microcontroller design improvements:
Energy modes.
A wide selection of energy modes available in the EFM32 makes it possible to optimize a systems energy consumption to meet low energy requirements both in active- and sleep modes. The very short transition time between the energy modes in combination with the autonomous operation in the low energy modes favor long sleep times. In all but the deepest energy mode application data is maintained with full RAM retention.
In active mode the industry standard Cortex-M3 RISC processor delivers high performance in terms of computational performance, system response, and low power consumption. Challenging tasks are handled by the processor and the highly integrated peripherals, and the fast interrupt handling and low latency makes the EFM32 very well suited for battery operated applications and systems with critical response times.
Autonomous peripherals.
EFM32 microcontrollers use various control techniques for efficient energy management. Low power and customizable peripherals surround the powerful 32-bit ARM Cortex-M3 processor and enable fast autonomous operation and reduce the need for CPU. High overall integration reduce a systems need for external components. Peripherals can react and respond to input from external or internal triggers without any CPU intervention via a system called the Peripheral Reflex System.
History.
The EFM32 microcontroller family is one of the two products of Energy Micro. The other being EFR4D Draco SoC radios.
Series.
Like many other modern 32-bit RISC microcontrollers, EFM32 includes peripherals like GPIO, ADC, DAC, Timer/Counter, Watchdog Timer, UART, I²C Interface, SPI Interface, RTC. Many of these peripherals can work without CPU's intervention thereby reducing overall power consumption.
These microcontrollers are available in QFN16/24/32/64, QFP48/100 and BGA112/120 packages.
Product families.
EFM32 MCUs are classified into six categories:
Development boards.
The following starter kits and development kits are sold by Energy Micro to provide a quick and easy way for engineers to evaluate their microcontroller chips. These starter kits are available from various distributors for USD$69. Each board includes an on-board Segger J-link SWD debugger programming and debugging via a MiniUSB connector. The power for each board is provided by a choice of the 5 V via the USB cable, or external 3.0 V via a CR2032 battery.
Development tools.
EFM32.
The EFM32 tools are named "energyAware" and include hardware and software from Energy Micro in addition to third party tools from companies like IAR Systems, Keil, Rowley Associates, Segger, Olimex, RK-SYSTEM. The energyAware Profiler is an energy debugging tool that use data from the development kits to display real-time profiling and debugging information of the associated object code. In addition the energyAware Designer generates the initial code for the EFM32 package options, and the user may set up, enable and disable peripherals by clicking on the chosen package. The energyAware Software is available for free from Energy Micro's software page.
Documentation.
The amount of documentation for all ARM chips is daunting, especially for newcomers. The documentation for microcontrollers from past decades would easily be inclusive in a single document, but as chips have evolved so has the documentation grown. The total documentation is especially hard to grasp for all ARM chips since it consists of documents from the IC manufacturer (Energy Micro / Silicon Labs) and documents from CPU core vendor (ARM Holdings).
A typical top-down documentation tree is: manufacturer website, manufacturer marketing slides, manufacturer datasheet for the exact physical chip, manufacturer detailed reference manual that describes common peripherals and aspects of a physical chip family, ARM core generic user guide, ARM core technical reference manual, ARM architecture reference manual that describes the instruction set(s).
Energy Micro (Silicon Labs) has additional documents, such as: evaluation board user manuals, application notes, getting started guides, software library documents, errata, and more. See External Links section for links to official EFM32 and ARM documents.

</doc>
<doc id="20016205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016205" title="Vaiyapuri">
Vaiyapuri

Vaiyapuri (born as Ramakrishnan) is a Tamil film actor who mostly plays a comedian. He has appeared in many Tamil films and is also a guest judge on "Asathapovathu Yaaru" on Sun TV in Chennai. Vaiyapuri was born in Theni. He started his career in Balu mahendra Film "Raman Abdulla" with the servant role and has scored most in the first film. Though he has acted many films and he has been mostly remembered for films with Kamal Hasan.

</doc>
<doc id="20016219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016219" title="Double H Mountains">
Double H Mountains

The Double H Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20016220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016220" title="Zafarwal">
Zafarwal

Zafarwal (), () is a city and capital of Zafarwal Tehsil situated in the Narowal District of Punjab, Pakistan. 
Geography.
It is located at 32°21'0N 74°54'0E with an altitude of 268 metres (882 feet). It is 7 km away from Indian-administered Kashmir. 
History.
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Punjab region.
After the decline of the Mughal Empire, the Sikh invaded and occupied Mianwali District. The Muslims faced severe restrictions during the Sikh rule. 
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslim refugees from India settled in the Zafarwal Tehsil.
Schools.
The schools & Colleges Of Zafarwal City.

</doc>
<doc id="20016234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016234" title="Dry Hills">
Dry Hills

The Dry Hills are a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20016235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016235" title="Mary C. Noble">
Mary C. Noble

Mary C. Noble (born 1949 in Jackson, Kentucky) is the Deputy Chief Justice of the Kentucky Supreme Court. Noble was elected to the court in November 2006 where she represents the 5th Supreme Court District. She defeated appointed Justice John C. Roach. Prior to that election, she served as a circuit judge in Fayette County. Chief Justice John D. Minton, Jr. named Noble Deputy Chief Justice on September 1, 2010. Prior to her election to the Supreme Court, Noble was elected to the Fayette Fifth Circuit Court in 1991, and she was 
re-elected in 2000. 
Noble received a B.S. in English and sociology from Austin Peay State University in 1971, an M.A. in psychology from Austin Peay State University in 1975 and a law degree from the University of Kentucky in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20016245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016245" title="Dry Lake Range">
Dry Lake Range

The Dry Lake Range is a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20016259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016259" title="John Rooke">
John Rooke

John Rooke (born c. 1959) is an award-winning broadcaster, and is a new inductee into the Rhode Island Radio Hall of Fame. He currently serves in several broadcast capacities, including 25 years as the play-by-play voice for Providence Friars men's basketball; Big East Conference football and basketball play-by-play for ESPNU, ESPN Regional Television, and the IMG College Network; ACC football for IMG; stadium voice for the New England Patriots and New England Revolution; host for "Inside the Big East" and "Golfing The World" on ESPNU, Fox Sports Net and several regional sports networks and local TV stations; and talk host for the NBC Sports Radio Network and WEEI sports radio in Boston.
Personal life.
A 1981 journalism graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, Rooke also holds a position as adjunct professor in journalism at Emerson College in Boston. In 2012, he was listed as one of the top sports broadcasting instructors in the country by the Sportscasters Talent Agency of America (STAA)...and he authored a book (from Arcadia Publishing) on radio history in Rhode Island "(Rhode Island Radio)", published in November, 2012. Additionally, he works as a commercial voice artist for the WEEI Sports Radio Network. John has also served as a gubernatorial communications director, a program director/manager for a major communications company, and as a television sports anchor for 25 years in several markets.
A native of Fort Worth, Texas, Rooke currently resides in Berkley, Massachusetts - he has been located in New England since 1988. Among his previous duties and clients, he served as a Development Director for a local children's charity, A Wish Come True, Inc.. Rooke has also coached and officiated youth baseball for more than 20 years, including Little League, RBI and AAU teams.
Media background.
Rooke's media background includes working for these broadcast stations/media companies since 1979:
As a play-by-play announcer for television and radio, John has called game broadcasts for these teams/leagues:

</doc>
<doc id="20016261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016261" title="Duck Creek Range">
Duck Creek Range

The Duck Creek Range is a mountain range in White Pine County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20016270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016270" title="Ganja Karuppu">
Ganja Karuppu

Ganja Karuppu, born Karuppu Raja, is an Indian film actor who plays comedy roles in Tamil cinema. He has appeared in Tamil films like "Raam" (2005), "Paruthiveeran" (2007), "Subramaniyapuram" (2008), and "Naadodig"(2009, "Kalavani" (2010).
Ganja Karuppu made his film debut in a small supporting role in Bala's "Pithamagan" in 2003. He appeared as Vazhavandhaan in the 2005 thriller film "Raam" directed by Ameer Sultan. Subsequently, he was signed up in a number of Tamil films to provide comic relief, including "Thaamirabharani", "Paruthiveeran", "Subramaniapuram", "Naadodigal" and "Kalavani". He co-starred in the 2008 comedy film "Arai En 305-il Kadavul" by Chimbudevan.
He is married to Sangeetha, a physiotherapist, in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20016274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016274" title="Vanessa Shih">
Vanessa Shih

Vanessa Shih () is the vice foreign minister of the Republic of China.
Shih advocated for the United Nations to allow the Republic of China to have participation of some forms within the UN.
Government Information Office Ministry.
She was appointed as the head of the Government Information Office (GIO) after being summoned back by then Foreign Minister Timothy Yang in March 2012. The GIO was subsequently closed as part of administrative operations streamlining.
ROC Representative to Singapore.
2011 National Day of the Republic of China.
In October 2011, Shih angered Singapore's founding father Lee Kwan Yew and other high ranking officials in the Singaporean government after she sang the national anthem of ROC and hung the ROC flag in public, attended by international guests during the 100th anniversary of the National Day of the Republic of China at Shangri-La Hotel Singapore. This also include of her action to make contact with member of Workers' Party of Singapore, the opposition party of Singapore. Her improper conduct resulted in the temporary diplomatic shutdown between Singapore and ROC.
ROC Foreign Affairs Vice Ministry.
2013 Pope Inauguration.
Shih, along with ROC President Ma Ying-jeou, First Lady Christine Chow Ma, National Security Council Secretary-General Jason Yuan and President of Fu Jen Catholic University Vincent Chiang visited the Vatican City on 19 March 2013 to attend the inauguration of the newly elected Pope Francis as the head of Catholic Church.
Before the visit, Shih said that this Vatican City trip by ROC high-rank officials were made without any contact with the Chinese mainland government. ROC government was invited by Vatican City because both governments share the same value on religious freedom, social justice and humanitarianism.

</doc>
<doc id="20016283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016283" title="East Desert Range">
East Desert Range

The East Desert Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
Description.
The range is northwest-southeast trending around the Three Lakes Valley where Dog Bone Lake is the large landform in the valley flatlands. The range sits mostly to the north and northeast of Three Lakes Valley.
The southern terminus of the range lies in a mixture of hills associated with the north perimeter of the Desert Range to the south. The Desert Range is southwest trending around the Three Lakes Valley. The low hills region between the two ranges contain Sheep Pass to Desert Valley and Desert Lake to the west of the Sheep Range. The region also contains Surprise Canyon, which flows due west into the east of Dog Bone Lake in Three Lakes Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20016286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016286" title="Anthony Skoronski">
Anthony Skoronski

Anthony S. "Tony" Skoronski (May 23, 1920 - September 5, 1992) was an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing. For more than a quarter of a century until retiring in 1969, he rode primarily at racetracks in the Chicago, Illinois area and at Oaklawn Park Race Track in Hot Springs, Arkansas. During his career he won the riding title eight times at Chicago's Sportsman's Park and two at Oaklawn Park.
Skoronski's most important Graded stakes race wins came aboard Challenge Me, a colt he rode to victory in the 1944 Arkansas Derby and the 1945 Hollywood Gold Cup.
In 1992 Tony Skoronski was living in Cicero, Illinois when he suffered a heart attack while at the local racetrack and was pronounced dead on arrival at hospital. His career was honored with induction in the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20016315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016315" title="Egon Eis">
Egon Eis

Egon Eis, born Egon Eisler (6 October 1910 – 6 September 1994) was an Austrian screenwriter. He wrote for 49 films between 1930 and 1983. Eis was forced into exile during the Nazi era, but returned to work in the German film industry after the Second World War where he worked on the popular series of Edgar Wallace films as well as other projects.
He was born in Vienna, Austria and died in Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20016317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016317" title="Jerry Tabb">
Jerry Tabb

Jerry Lynn Tabb is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played all or part of three seasons in the major leagues, from until , for the Chicago Cubs and Oakland Athletics.
Amateur career.
Tabb was a baseball standout at the University of Tulsa, where, as a freshman, he won the College World Series Most Outstanding Player award in the 1971 College World Series, where Tulsa was the next-to-last team eliminated. He was also the first baseman for Team USA at the 1971 Pan American Games.
Professional career.
The Cubs made Tabb a first-round pick, selected 16th overall, in the 1973 Major League Baseball Draft. He debuted in the majors in September 1976, playing in 11 games for the Cubs and batting .292.
Tabb was purchased from the Cubs by the Athletics the following February, and in Tabb got an extended chance in the major leagues. The A's were cleaning house, and Tabb was one of five players who received substantial playing time at first base for the team. Tabb batted .222 with 6 home runs and 19 RBI in 51 games. The next season, however, Oakland acquired Dave Revering from the Cincinnati Reds and installed him as their regular first baseman. Tabb managed just 9 at-bats in 1978, his last season in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="20016321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016321" title="Chinni Jayanth">
Chinni Jayanth

Chinni Jayanth (born Krishnamurthy Narayanan on 26 July 1960) is a Tamil director, Producer, Comedian, Actor, and Mimicry Artist, who has appeared in many Main , Character and Supporting roles in Tamil films. He is also a popular Television personality having hosted innumerable Hit shows like 'Sagalai Vs Ragalai ', 'Kalakka Povathu Yaar ' and the popular show "Asathapovathu Yaaru" on Sun TV in Chennai. He is also the recipient of the prestigious Kalaimamani award given by the Government of Tamil Nadu for excellence in the field of Cinema . He received this award from the Hon'ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu at a glittering function at Valluvar Kottam.
As an acknowledgement of his efforts in the field of cinema, mimicry, stage performances and social service activities, Chinni Jayanth was presented with a doctorate by The Open International University of Alternate Medicine on Dec 29, 2013
Unique Style of Acting.
He carved a niche for himself with his unique style of comedy which included the creation of some unique words like gilfans, silfans etc. which became a rage among the youth. His supporting roles in movies like "Kizhaku Vasal", "Idhayam", "Kan Ethire Thondrinal", and "Chinna pulla", have been widely appreciated by the audience.
Early life.
Chinni Jayanth is an alumnus of Wesley High School, Chennai. He went on to study at New College, Royapettah. He then completed his acting course (Diploma in Film Technology, DFTech) from the Film and Television Institute of Tamil Nadu in Taramani.
Debut.
Jayanth began his acting career in 1984, playing the eccentric villain in director Mahendran's film "Kai Kodukkum Kai" the film was a disaster at the Box office, starring alongside veteran Indian actor Rajnikanth.
Mimicry.
Chinni Jayanth is also a world famous mimic. He has been conferred the title of 'MIMICRY SUPERSTAR' for his extraordinary mimicry skills and also for being the Pioneer in this field having popularised this Art form not just in films but in Stage shows all over the world. He has the ability to mimic not just great personalities but can mimic the actions and gestures of many animals and real life characters like the vendors also. He has performed all over the world.
Chinni Jayanth has performed for prestigious organisation like ATMA (American Tamil Medical Association ) and GATS ( Greater Atlanta Tamil Sangam )in the US and for various other prestigious organisations across the Globe
Direction and production.
Jayanth's performance in "Chinna Pulla" (1994) along with Revathy was well received. In the movie, Jayanth portrayed a mentally challenged person. This movie was also the first production of his company Ashtalakshmi Creators. 
His first directional venture was the film "Unakkaga Mattum". The second film he directed was "Kaanal Neer", which introduced J.K. Rithesh and Manisha Chatterjee in lead roles.
His last direction was the movie "Neeye Yen Kaadhali (2010)". and played a vital role in the screen play. The film was graded by experts Suresh Menon and Brian Jennings at HD Studios, Sushma Multimedia, Chennai. http://www.sushmamm.com
Television.
Chinni Jayanth has also anchored many hit shows in different channels, such as like Sagalai vs Ragalai and Kalakka povathu yaar on Vijay TV.
Some landmark films.
Kai Koddukum Kai,
Adhisaya manidhan,
Chinna Poove Mella Pesu,
Raja Chinna Roja,
Gokulam,
Pongalo pongal,
Kadhalar Dhinam,
Idhayam,
Kizhku Vasal,
Chinna Pulla,
Kan Ethire Thondrinal,
Dum Dum Dum,
Iyarkai,
Kaanal Neer,
Sivaji

</doc>
<doc id="20016322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016322" title="1992 Stockholm Open">
1992 Stockholm Open

The 1992 Stockholm Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 24th edition of the Stockholm Open and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1992 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden, from October 26 through November 2, 1992. Goran Ivanišević won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="20016339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016339" title="Takaaki Nakagami">
Takaaki Nakagami

Career.
Early career.
Nakagami joined the Japanese Road Race Championship in the GP125 category in 2005 joining the Harc-Pro Honda Team finishing 13th as a rookie in the series. He stayed in the Japanese GP125 championship for 2006 with Harc-Pro again, winning every race of the season; becoming the youngest ever Japanese GP125 champion. Also in 2006, Nakagami also joined the MotoGP Academy which gave him the chance to compete overseas for the first time in the CEV (Spanish) 125GP series, Nakagami finished in 12th position in the championship. His best result came in the second round at Jerez finishing in 5th place.
He decided to focus on the CEV 125GP championship in 2007 with the MotoGP academy, Nakagami's results improved in 2007 and he finished in 6th place overall with a 3rd place finish at Valencia his best result. Nakagami also received his first 125cc World Championship wildcard entry at the final round of the season in Valencia qualifying in 20th position but failing to finish the race.
He impressed enough to secure a full-time ride in the 125cc World Championship on 2008 joining the Italian I.C. Team riding an Aprilia, he finished the season in 24th overall with a best finish 8th place at Donington Park. For 2009, Nakagami joined another Italian team called Ongetta I.S.P.A. Aprilia he improved his overall performance finishing 16th overall with a best results of two 5th places at a wet Le Mans and Donington Park.
Despite having offers to remain in the 125cc championship in 2010, Nakagami decided to return to Japan and re join the Harc-Pro team, competing the Japanese ST600 championship aboard a Honda, Nakagami won the first race of the season at Tsukuba. He went on to finish 8th overall. He remained with Harc-Pro in 2012 but changed classes and entered the J-GP2 class aboard a Honda HP6, Nakagami won 5 of the 6 races during the season and the championship despite not competing in the Okayama round due to injuries sustained when he was substituting at the Motegi Moto2 World Championship round for the Italtrans Racing Team.
Moto2 World Championship.
Nakagami did enough during his substitute display to earn a full-time ride for the Italtrans Racing Team in the Moto2 World Championship riding a Kalex with a Honda CBR600 engine, finishing his rookie season 15th in the standings with a best result of 5th at Jerez. For 2013, Nakagami remains in Moto2 with Italtrans aboard a Kalex, at the opening round at Losail, Nakagami achieved his first podium in Grand Prix racing with a 3rd place finish. At Le Mans, Nakagami earned his first pole position in Grand Prix racing. Nakagami achieved his second career Grand Prix podium with a second place finish behind Esteve Rabat at Indianapolis, he led most of the race but was passed in the closing laps and finished less than a second from victory. He took his second pole of the season at the Czech Grand Prix, at Brno; he went on to take his second successive second place finish, behind Mika Kallio. He once again took pole at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone and again finished second, this time behind Championship leader and home rider Scott Redding. At Misano, Nakagami finished second for the fourth race in a row; he led the majority of the race before he was passed by Pol Espargaró in the closing laps.

</doc>
<doc id="20016340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016340" title="Mayilsamy">
Mayilsamy

Mayilsamy (Tamil: மயில்சாமி) (born 5 June 1965) is a Tamil comedian actor who prominently plays supporting roles. Appearing in many Tamil films, he is also a regular guest judge on "Asathapovathu Yaaru" on Sun TV in Chennai. He is most probably best known for his performances in Tamil films such as "Dhool", "Gilli", "Kangalal Kaidhu Sei", "Devathayai Kanden", "Rendu" and "Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam".
Career.
Mayilswamy made his acting debut after being spotted in the troupe popularly known as "Sirrippu Isai" - a popular comedy troupe- where he along with a number of popular comedians came from. He collaborated with Lakshman (of Lakshman Shruti fame) for successful mimicry releases, namely "Sirippo Sirippu", "Sirippo Super Sirippu" and "Meendum Sirippo Sirippu". He also made his film debut at a very young age of 20- in the film Kanni Raasi in 1985. Since then he has come a long way playing supporting roles in films such as Apoorva Sagodharargal, Sivalingam, Nade Namade, Vetri Raagangal and Villathi Villain to name a few. Till date he has acted in over 100 Tamil films in a variety of roles. As of the 2000s he got fame being a popular sidekick to Tamil comedian Vivek in films such as Dhool, Kandaen Seethayei and Pennin Manathai Thottu.
He also hosted comedy time from 2002-2004 on Sun TV and received Best Host in 2003 Sun TV Telly Awards.
His son Arumainayagam alias Anbu is going to make his debut in films.

</doc>
<doc id="20016352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016352" title="Pandiarajan">
Pandiarajan

Pandiarajan is an actor who had played leading roles in many humorous Tamil films and currently plays supporting and comedy roles.
Personal life.
Pandiarajan was born to Rathnam and Sulochana in Saidapet, Chennai. He has two sisters namely, Maheshwari & Geetha. He is married to Vasuki, daughter of Director, Producer, and Poet Avinasi Mani and has three sons, Prithvi Rajan, Pallavarajan and Premrajan.
Entry into Film Industry.
Pandiarajan wanted to act in films. But due to his height and appearance he decided to join as an assistant director. He joined Thamizisai College where he had learnt violin and got his diploma as "Isai Selvam" in 1977. After that he had joined writer Thooyavan as an office assistant. Here he met director K. Bhagyaraj and later joined him as an assistant director. He had become his associate director in "Darling Darling Darling" and worked till the discussion of "Munthanai Mudichu". Pandiarajan told the story of the film kanniraasi to Sivaji ganesan's brother shanmugam, he listened to the story and accepted it, though financiers refused to buy, the film was successful at the box-office.
His first directorial venture was "Kanni Rasi" in 1985 starring Prabhu and Revathi. He directed and made his debut as a hero in "Aan Paavam". Till now, he had directed nine films, including Kaivantha Kalai, Doubles where he directed prabhudeva in the lead role and acted in some 90 Tamil films and one Malayalam hit Kathavasheshan, where he acted with Dilip. Recently, he is acting in a TV serial called Mama Maaple in Sun TV. His English short film called Help has been nominated at the ArtDeco Film Festival 2011, at São Paulo, in Brazil. ‘Help' is Pandiarajan's first short film in English.

</doc>
<doc id="20016360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016360" title="Snežnik Castle">
Snežnik Castle

Snežnik Castle (, ) is a 13th-century castle located in the southwest part of the Lož Valley near the settlement of Kozarišče in the municipality of Loška Dolina, Slovenia. Its name is coincidentally identical to a univerbation based on the Slovene word "sneg" 'snow', but is actually a Slovenized form of the name of the noble house of Schneberg, whose possession it initially was. The Schnebergs were followed by the houses of Lamberg, Eggenberg, Lichtenberg, and Schönburg-Waldenburg.
History.
The date of the castle's construction is unclear; its existence is first implied in 1269, by way of mention of its owner Meinhard von Schneberg (, ). The castle itself was first mentioned in 1461, as the manor of "Sneberk"; at the time it was a possession of the Patriarchate of Aquileia, with the Schnebergs as their ministeriales. The family fractured the estate through multiple heirs; by the late 14th century the castle had several co-owners. In 1393, a quarter-share of it and several neighboring farms was purchased by Wiiliam II von Lamberg, a relative of the Schnebergs; his descendants increased their share through the 15th century until they owned the entire estate, giving the castle its more-or-less current renaissance appearance as well.
By marriages, the castle passed to the Scheyer family, followed by the Prancks and, in the first third of the 17th century, the barons Rambschissl, who sold it to the Imperial governor of Carniola, prince Eggenberg. Along with Snežnik, the prince bought the lordship of Lož, moving its administrative center from the uncomfortable, hilltop Lož Castle to the more amiable and better-accessible manor at Snežnik. In 1669, Janez Žiga Eggenberg sold the Loš-Snežnik lordship to prince Janez Vajkard Auersperg, the count of Gottschee (Kočevje).
in 1707 the estate was taken over by count Jurij Gotfrid Lichtenberg, who in 1718 permanently joined the Lož and Snežnik lordships. The house of Lichtenberg held the estate for 140 years, a period marked by the centralist policies of the Habsburg monarchy, in particular the constant diminution of the rights of the nobility. By the early 19th century, the Lichtenberg had been forced deep into hock; a court-ordered appraial occurred in 1816. In 1832 the family was forced to accept a lottery loan; the main prize was the entire Snežnik estate, or 250,000 florins. The lucky winner, a Hungarian blacksmith, took the cash, while the Lichtenbergs went on to sell the estate in 1847 to a Viennese couple named Karis, who went bankrupt shortly thereafter. The estate was purchased at auction in 1853 for 800,000 florins by the German prince Oton Viktor Schoenburg-Waldenburg.
Prince Jurij, the third son of Oton Viktor, inherited the castle in 1859 and heavily remodeled it for use as a summer home and hunting lodge. In addition to adding a story, two turrets, a terrace, and elevating the defensive walls, he also richly furnished the interior and established a surrounding English-style park.
Wishing to preserve the estate for his heirs, the prince established a fideicommiss about the property. Stocking the woods with deer and the ponds with trout, he ordered several paths built through the forest, he also hired experts to maintain the surrounding wilderness, and was the patron of the first Slovene forestry school, opened in the castle in 1869 but closed in 1875 due to germanophone political pressure. The princes' construction of a steam sawmill began the industrial development of the Lož Valley.
In 1902 prince Jurij was succeeded by his firstborn, Herman, a diplomat. After World War I the estate was divided between Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes by the Treaty of Rapallo. Prince Herman died in 1943 at the family castle of Hermsdorf by Dresden. During WWII the castle caretaker faithfully guarded the estate, repelling looters; as a consequence, the interior furnishing of the Schoenburgs survive intact. In 1945, the castle and estate were nationalized, and became a hunting lodge reserved for important state functionaries. In 1983, the castle was opened to the public as a museum.
Architecture.
Grave markers looted from the ruins of an ancient Roman outpost in Šmarata were incorporated into the castle's facade. The four-story building is surrounded by a renaissance-era wall. The castle was heavily remodeled in the second half of the 19th century; the majority of the interior furnishings date from this period, as do the castle parkgrounds, which are characterized by numerous meadows connected by riding and walking paths, bordered with numerous chestnut and linden tree rows, and which contain two small artificial lakes filled by Obrh and Brezno creeks.
An engraving in Valvasor's 1689 The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola depicts Snežnik (as "Schneeperg"); while of generally similar appearance and layout as today, the twin round and diagonally square corner turrets guarding the main gate were then smaller, square wooden watchtowers. The engraving also shows the castle's defensive ditch had not yet been flooded and was traversed by a simple wooden bridge had instead of a multi-arched stone one.

</doc>
<doc id="20016363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016363" title="Yeon Jung-hoon">
Yeon Jung-hoon

Yeon Jung-hoon (born November 6, 1978) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in generational epic "East of Eden" (2008), period medical drama "Jejungwon" (2009), and crime procedural "Vampire Prosecutor" (2011-2012). An avid car enthusiast, he hosted the first three seasons of "Top Gear Korea", the Korean version of the BBC show.
His father is veteran actor Yeon Kyu-jin, and he is married to actress Han Ga-in. 

</doc>
<doc id="20016368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016368" title="Empire Resorts">
Empire Resorts

Empire Resorts () is a company that owns the Monticello Raceway racino in the Catskill Mountains from New York City.
Headquartered in Monticello, New York, Empire is 78.6% owned by Kien Huat Realty Sdn Bhd of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
History.
Empire Resorts is a NASDAQ Global Market company. The company's stock is traded under the ticker symbol "NYNY." Its subsidiary, Monticello Raceway Management, Inc., owns and operates the Monticello Casino & Raceway in Monticello, New York. The property, located approximately 90 miles northwest of New York City, includes a gaming and entertainment complex that features over 1,000 slot machines, electronic table games, and one of the nation's largest all-weather harness horse racing tracks. The casino features many of the same slot machine names found in the casinos of Atlantic City and Las Vegas, and offers live entertainment and dining.

</doc>
<doc id="20016372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016372" title="CC Vest">
CC Vest

CC Vest is a Norwegian shopping centre in Lilleaker, Oslo. It has 78 outlets, and mainly serves western Oslo as well as eastern Bærum.
It was opened in 1989. The localities were previously used for industrial production by the company O. Mustad & Son, who by the 1980s wanted to cease this activity. The mall went through expansions in 1990, 1991, 2000 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20016393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016393" title="Francesco III Gattilusio">
Francesco III Gattilusio

Francesco III Gattilusio was a Lord of Thasos. He was a son of Dorino I of Lesbos and wife Orietta Doria.
He married his cousin ... Gattilusio, daughter of his uncle Palamede of Ainos and wife Valentina N, without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20016400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016400" title="Greina">
Greina

The Greina (el. 2355 m.) (Italian: "Passo della Greina", Romansh: "Pass Crap") is a high mountain pass across the western Lepontine Alps, connecting Sumvitg in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland and Olivone in the canton of Ticino. The pass lies between the Piz Medel on the north and Pizzo Marumo, Piz Terri on the south.
Greina is also a high plateau ("Plaun la Greina") lying east of the pass, it is an alluvial site of national importance. The high plateau was in high risk of being flooded for a reservoir for many years. In the end this led to recompesation for the municipitalities of Vrin and Sumvitg as they have no income from this formerly planned powerplant. This compensation called "Landschaftsrappen" is augmented by a tax for powerplants.

</doc>
<doc id="20016411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016411" title="Kimi no Machi Made">
Kimi no Machi Made

Music video.
The music video for "Kimi no Machi Made" was directed by Daisuke Shibata. The PV revolves around a synchronised swimming duo at a competition performing their routine to the rhythm of the song. Despite the great amount of pressure on their shoulders as well as the interference of a giant crayfish, the two are able to successfully execute their routine. The video won the award for Best Concept Video at the 2005 SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20016415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016415" title="Blue Angels Motorcycle Club">
Blue Angels Motorcycle Club

The Blue Angels Motorcycle Club (BAMC) is a one-percenter motorcycle club that was formed by Allan Morrison and Billy Gordon in MARYHILL District of Glasgow Glasgow, Scotland in 1963. "Blue" stands for Bastards, Lunatics, Undesireables and Eccentrics but the name also came from other sources; blue is the main colour of the Scotland flag. The Blue Angels are one of the largest motorcycle clubs in the United Kingdom, only falling behind the Outlaws, Hells Angels and Satans Slaves.
The Blue Angels have four chapters throughout Scotland and in Leeds The club's insignia consists of a skull wearing a German Army helmet (sometimes with a Swastika or a national flag on the side) and golden wings coming out from the side. John McDermot designed the patches and the name BLUE ANGELS came from a boat we saw in Loch Lomond in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20016418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016418" title="FT Magazine">
FT Magazine

FT Magazine is a supplement to the weekend edition of the "Financial Times" newspaper. It covers world events, politics and the arts.
It is only included with the UK & Ireland edition of the "Financial Times"; however, articles from it are also printed in sections of the USA edition of the Financial Times, e.g. the "Lunch with the FT".

</doc>
<doc id="20016424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016424" title="Muérdete La Lengua (song)">
Muérdete La Lengua (song)

"Muérdete La Lengua" (Translated to 'Bite Your Tongue' in English) is a rock song recorded by Chilean singer and song-writer Francisca Valenzuela and this song is the third official single from her first solo debut studio album, "Muérdete La Lengua", released in Chile on September 15, 2007.
Song information.
The song, written during 2005 by Francisca Valenzuela, was produced by Mauricio Durán and Francisco Durán, members of Chilean Rock band Los Bunkers. The song was released on September 15, 2007 on Radios and Digital Download.
Music video.
The official music video for the song "Muérdete La Lengua" was premiered on MTV Latin America on September 30, 2007 with high popularity in the Chilean music channels, later was premiered for Via X and Zona Latina. The music video was directed by Igal Weitzman and in the simple music video shows to Francisca singing in a psycodelic screenshoots with her face white painted and dogs appears too in this video.

</doc>
<doc id="20016427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016427" title="Horst Wendlandt">
Horst Wendlandt

Horst Wendlandt (15 March 1922 – 30 August 2002) was a German film producer. He produced 99 films between 1956 and 2002.
He was born and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20016429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016429" title="Heritage Cup (MLS)">
Heritage Cup (MLS)

The Heritage Cup is an annual cup rivalry between Major League Soccer (MLS) teams named after their markets' North American Soccer League (NASL) predecessors. It currently includes the San Jose Earthquakes and Seattle Sounders FC.
History.
The Heritage Cup trophy was conceived and designed by San Jose Earthquakes fan Rob Stevenson and was commissioned by San Jose's Soccer Silicon Valley Community Foundation in collaboration with Seattle supporters. The competition began in 2009 when the expansion Seattle Sounders FC began play, becoming the second MLS team named after their NASL counterpart — the San Jose Earthquakes having been the first. 
San Jose and Seattle did have a rivalry while playing in the NASL. However, it did not completely resurface during the 2009 season with fans of both teams viewing other clubs as bigger rivals. That season, the first MLS meeting of the teams was not considered for the competition due to the schedule consisting of two games in Seattle and only one in San Jose. Seattle won the initial meeting at home 2–0 and the second 2–1. The San Jose Earthquakes won the inaugural cup on goals scored after a 4–0 home victory on August 2, 2009. 
Present and future MLS teams that carry on the name of their market's NASL predecessors are eligible to join the competition. However, when the Portland Timbers and Vancouver Whitecaps FC became eligible to compete for the cup upon joining the league in 2011, both teams' supporters elected not to participate. They left open the possibility of joining if a couple of additional eligible teams join the MLS, thereby better differentiating Heritage Cup from the Cascadia Cup.
The 2012 MLS Season brought an unbalanced schedule for the first time since 2009. The rules to the cup therefore reverted to counting only the last two matches between the teams, the way it will be counted in any season that has an unbalanced schedule.
Statistical leaders.
Bold denotes player is still able to play in competition

</doc>
<doc id="20016433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016433" title="Martin Sköld">
Martin Sköld

Martin Sköld (born October 2, 1970 in Sparreholm, Södermanland) is a Swedish musician who plays bass and keyboards in the Swedish alternative rock band Kent. Alongside lead singer Joakim Berg he is responsible for writing the band's music.

</doc>
<doc id="20016436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016436" title="Trevelino/Keller">
Trevelino/Keller

Trevelino/Keller Communications Group is a public relations firm based in Atlanta with offices in Charleston and Washington DC. The firm has four practices: Progressive Technologies, Consumer Lifestyle, Business-to-Business and GreenWorks.
History.
Dean Trevelino and Genna Keller, long-standing partners from the 1990s where they met at Shandwick and 1999–2003 where they realigned at Ogilvy, started Trevelino/Keller in 2003. Their goal was to create a national boutique agency where they could leverage their technology depth, interest in consumer lifestyle, success with business-to-business and support of green practices. The firm concentrates on being the “Agency of Choice” for emerging and established companies based in the Southeast with a national or international footprint.
Atlas Alliance.
A consortium of boutique agencies started in 2005 by Trevelino/Keller, an Atlanta-based national public relations firm. The purpose of the Atlas Alliance is to serve clients who have a particular communications need, but trust the nature of a boutique culture and environment. Atlas Alliance consists of UK-based The Word Shop, Atlanta-based Lanza Group, Dubai-based Active PR, Los Angeles-based Platform Media Group and Singapore-based Mileage Communications.
Start-Up Council.
The Start-Up Council was created in 2006 by Trevelino/Keller as a gratis-based initiative to support start-up companies in need of early stage counsel. Led by Trevelino/Keller, the counsel consists of consultants representing public relations, marketing, branding, financial services, human resources, outsourced manufacturing, venture capital, business strategy and legal. Start-up Council is hosted quarterly by Trevelino/keller.

</doc>
<doc id="20016440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016440" title="Kovai Sarala">
Kovai Sarala

Kovai Sarala (Tamil :கோவை சரளா) is an Indian Film actress and Comedian, who prominently plays supporting roles in Tamil and Telugu films. In a career spanning 25 years, Sarala has appeared in over 750 films. She has won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian and the Nandi Award for Best Female Comedian for her performances in "Poovellam Un Vasam" (2001), and "Ori Nee Prema Bangaram Kanu" (2003), respectively.
Early & Present Life.
Kovai Sarala was born into a Malayali family in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. Sarala had developed interest in acting, after watching M. G. R.'s films. She completed her studies and entered the film industry with the support of her sister and father.
She got her first film offer when she was in the 9th standard and acted with Vijayakumar and K. R. Vijaya in the film "Velli Ratham". She was in Class X, when she played a 32-year-old pregnant woman "Mundhanai Mudichu", her second film. Two years later she acted in "Chinna Veedu", where she essayed the role of the 65-year-old mother of Bhagyaraj's character. She has appeared in more than a 100 films in Telugu. She has mentioned the films "Sathi Leelavathi", "Viralukketha Veekkam", "Varavu Ettana Selavu Pathana", "Karagattakaran" and "Viswanathan Ramamoorthy" as her personal favourites.
She has also worked in television series and television shows. She worked as a regular guest judge on "Asathapovathu Yaaru" and has hosted the reality show "Paasa Paravaigal". In 2013, she was the judge on the Tamil comedy show "Comedyil Kalakkuvathu Eppadi" that airs on Vijay TV.
Personal life.
Comedian Kovai Sarala is not married and was asked why she did not consider entering wedlock till date. To this, the actress replied in her own humorous style that it was her sheer good intention to let a man escape from her instead of sticking to her all through the life. However, on a serious note, Sarala said that she is happy to spend for the offsprings of her relatives, as she considers them to be her own.

</doc>
<doc id="20016448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016448" title="Aarthi (actress)">
Aarthi (actress)

Aarthi also known as Aarthi Ganeshkar () is a Tamil comedian actress who prominently plays supporting roles. Appearing in many Tamil films, she is also a regular guest judge on "Asathapovathu Yaaru" on Sun TV in Chennai. Recently she took part in Kalaignar TV's dance show, "Maanada Mayilada", coming second in the process with Ganeshkar, whom she later married.

</doc>
<doc id="20016449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016449" title="Markus Mustonen">
Markus Mustonen

Markus Mustonen (born January 20, 1973 in Eskilstuna, Södermanland) is a Sweden-Finnish musician who plays drums, keyboards, piano and sings backing vocals in the Swedish alternative rock band Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20016453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016453" title="Radim Kořínek">
Radim Kořínek

Radim Kořínek (born 1 December 1973) is a former competitive bicyclist. He was born in Olomouc, Czech Republic. His career began when he was 10 years old and it was MTB biking. He was in Olpran racing team and then he went to Česká spořitelna MTB team in which he had most of his achievements. He was invited to the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney. 
Other hobbies include hockey, tennis, and skiing. His nickname is Rades. His favorite person is Emil Zátopek.
His coach was Karel Martínek. After ending his career in competition, he founded his own bike shop and still is around cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="20016456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016456" title="Sami Sirviö">
Sami Sirviö

Sami Sirviö (born May 28, 1970) is the lead guitarist of the Swedish rock band Kent.
Biography.
Sirviö formed Kent in 1990 along with vocalist Joakim Berg, bassist Martin Sköld, drummer Markus Mustonen and keyboardist Thomas Bergqvist. The band originally called themselves "Jones & Giftet" before changing their name first to "Havsänglar" and later Kent. By that time Bergqvist had been fired from the band and replaced by Martin Roos. After the release of the bands selftitled debut album Roos quit the band to focus on a career at BMG, the band soon recruited Harri Mänty as a replacement. The band continued to release several critically and commercially successful albums with that line-up intact until 2006 when rhythm guitarist Harri Mänty left the band. Instead of recruiting a permanent replacement Sirviö along with Jocke Berg recorded guitars for their 2007 release "Tillbaka till samtiden". For live performances the band has since brought along Max Brandt as a non official guitarist. Besides his role in Kent Sirviö has also appeared on Lisa Miskovsky's 2006 album "Changes" as well as produce a number of records for Swedish and Finnish artists.
In 2005 Sirviö married his girlfriend of six years Jennie Persson, at the Maria Magdalena Church in Stockholm.
Musical equipment.
Sirviö long used a variety of Gibson Les Paul models with the original humbuckers replaced with P-94 single coil pickups during recording and live performances; however, for the recording of "Tillbaka till samtiden" Sirviö primarily used a 1967 Fender Telecaster Custom. Occasionally Sirviö uses an e-bow on his guitar, often combined with a delay pedal. Sirviö's main amplifier for the recording was a 1963 Vox AC30 but a 1954 Fender Concert and a 1964 Hiwatt Custom 100 were also used. For live performances, Sirviö uses a new Hiwatt amplifier with a 4x12 cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="20016468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016468" title="Keating v. Edmondson">
Keating v. Edmondson

Keating v. Edmondson, 2001 OK 110, 37 P.3d 882 (2001), was an Oklahoma Supreme Court case that ruled that the Governor of Oklahoma could not alter the structure of his Cabinet without the approval of the Legislature. The case was primarily concerned with the Governor–Legislature relation. The case is unique because the two parties in the case were both state-wide elected officials: 
Background.
In 1986, the Oklahoma Legislature passed the Executive Branch Reform Act of 1986. The Act allows each Governor of Oklahoma, within 45 days of assuming office, to organize the various State agencies, boards, and commissions into between 10 and 15 Cabinet Departments, with each headed by a Cabinet Secretary. The Governor is allowed to create whatever Cabinet Department he desires and may assign such State agencies to that Cabinet Department as he sees fit. The State agencies assigned to a cabinet department must have "similar programmatic or administrative objectives" but that definition is left to the Governor for determination. Once established, the Governor's Cabinet remains in effect until the Legislature supersedes the governor's organization.
In early May 2000, Governor Frank Keating appointed Russell Perry as acting Secretary of Commerce and sent his nomination as full Secretary to the Oklahoma Senate for approval. However, his nomination was deemed rejected when the Oklahoma Legislature adjourned without consideration his nomination. In response, on May 26, 2000, Governor Keating issued Executive Order No. 2000-11, which abolished the Cabinet Department of Commerce and creating the Cabinet Department of Economic Development and Special Affairs. On the same day, the Governor appointed Russell Perry to serve as the newly created position of Secretary of Economic Development and Special Affairs.
On June 8, 2000, State Senator Angela Monson submitted a request for an official opinion to Attorney General Drew Edmondson concerning the Governor's authority to make changes in his cabinet. Pursuant to statutorily imposed duties, the Attorney General issued an official opinion (Attorney General Opinion 2000 OK AG 54) on October 26, 2000, providing:
Recognizing his duty to follow the Attorney General's opinion until overturned by a court of competent jurisdiction, Governor Keating filed a petition on October 27, 2000, in the District Court of Oklahoma County. The Governor's petition wanted a declaration of relief and stay of effectiveness of the opinion and challenged the cited portions of the opinion. After hearing oral argument and considering the briefs of the parties and of the amicus curiae, such as Stratton Taylor, the President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate, the trial judge found the Attorney General's opinion to be a correct statement of the law set forth in the Executive Branch Reform Act of 1986. 
On December 5, 2000, judgment was entered in the Attorney General's favor and a stay pending appeal was granted. On December 29, 2000, the Governor appealed a single issue - whether a Governor is empowered to reorganize the executive Cabinet throughout the term of office. The appeal was sent to the Oklahoma Supreme Court for consideration.
Case.
The Governor asserted that the Executive Branch Reform Act should be interpreted to permit gubernatorial reorganization of his Cabinet throughout a term of office as changing times and circumstances warrant. He argued that the forty-five-day time limitation contained in the statute is merely the period within which the initial Cabinet must be formed. The Attorney General contended that the plain language of the law: 
While acknowledging the legislative authority to alter the executive Cabinet, the Governor argued that the Executive Branch Reform Act contains no express limitation on his reorganization authority. He asserted that the statute was ambiguous in that it does not expressly prevent the governor from altering or amending his cabinet after it is initially established. The Governor contended that the cabinet, however designed or altered during the chief executive's term, will be in effect under the statute unless expressly superseded by the Legislature.
Decision.
The Supreme Court decided the case on December 4, 2001. In a unanimous decision, the Court rejected the Governor's appeal. Chief Justice Hargrave authored the majority opinion and was joined by Justices Watt, Hodges, Lavender, Opala, Kauger, Summers, and Boudreau. Justice Winchester wrote a concurring opinion to the majority. Noting that the legislative intent was clear and not ambiguous, the Court rejected the Governor's position and found that state law provided the Governor no power to alter the Cabinet at will. 
The Court held that by virtue of office as the chief executive of the state, the Governor did not possess any inherent power to reorganize the Cabinet as circumstances require. The Legislature, it continued, was the only branch that held the reorganization power. Had the Legislature intended to allow gubernatorial authority to alter the cabinet, it could have provided it in the law. The Court found that:
In its majority opinion, the Court did mention that the Legislature was free to amend the Executive Branch Reform Act of 1986 to include the flexibility Governor Keating desired.

</doc>
<doc id="20016496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016496" title="Karin Baal">
Karin Baal

Karin Baal (born 19 September 1940), real name Karin Blauermel, is a German film actress. She has appeared in over 90 films since 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20016501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016501" title="Divyadarshini">
Divyadarshini

Dhivya Dharshini Neelakandan is an Indian television anchor and actress from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. She has also appeared in a few Tamil films. She is generally referred to as "DD".
Dhivya Dharshini began her career when she was 13 as an anchor for the TV show “Ungal Theerpu”. She then got her break in acting through K. Balachander's "Rekkaikatiya Manasu". Since then, she has established herself as a versatile actress. Dhivya Dharshini has also continued to host several reality TV shows, and is known for the shows she anchors in Vijay TV including "Jodi Number One" "Boys Vs. Girls" "Home Sweet Home" and "Super Singer T20. Famous for their energetic and bubbly humor, she and Deepak made the ultimate anchoring duo of Tamil television. She currently hosts another successful show on Star Vijay called , "Koffee with DD" that stood up by her extreme non sense of humor. ." In January 2013, DD was recognized by Vikatan as the Best Female Anchor, an award she has received for the 2nd consecutive year.She also acted in few Tamil movies. She is one of the highest paid and most sought after television show hosts in Tamil Nadu. Apart from her media profession,she's also a Professor in a private college by having completed her U.G in English Literature and M.Phil in Travel and Tourism Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20016510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016510" title="Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia">
Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia

The Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia (in Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Sovet Ensiklopediyası, Cyrillic: Азәрбајҹан Совет Енсиклопедијасы) is a 10 volume universal encyclopedia published in Baku, Azerbaijan from 1976 to 1987. The special volume dedicated to Azerbaijan was scheduled to be published after the main 10 volumes, but due to rising political problems and difficult economic situation it has not been published.

</doc>
<doc id="20016512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016512" title="Niccolò Gattilusio, Lord of Ainos">
Niccolò Gattilusio, Lord of Ainos

Niccolò Gattilusio (died 1409) was the first member of the Gattilusio family to rule the city of Ainos (modern Enez in Turkey).
The Gattilusio family came from the Republic of Genoa. The parents of Niccolò and his brother Francesco I Gattilusio are not known, although based on the heraldic evidence of their inscriptions, Anthony Luttrell argues that their mother was a member of the Doria family. He accompanied his brother in his adventures. As the former was rewarded by the Byzantine emperor John V Palaiologos with the island of Lesbos, so Niccolò received the coastal city of Ainos, which he took title to at some point between 1376 and 1379. From 1384 to 1387 he served as regent for his nephew Francesco II Gattilusio until the two fell out in an argument between them. When his nephew died in an unusual accident, Niccolò served once more as regent, this time for Francesco's sons Jacopo.
He is known to have a daughter Marietta, although the name of her mother is not recorded; she died before him. Niccolò was succeeded by his grand-nephew Palamede as ruler of Ainos.

</doc>
<doc id="20016517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016517" title="Střekov castle">
Střekov castle

Střekov castle is situated in the village Střekov in the city of Ústí nad Labem. It was built at the beginning of the 14th century on a basalt rock above the river Labe to protect the important waterway and to collect duties. Střekov castle enchanted many world known artists notably Richard Wagner who was inspired to write a poem that served as basis for the libretto to the opera "Tannhäuser".
History.
Střekov Castle was built in the early 14th century in order to guard the transport of goods along the Labe, the river it overlooks. John of Luxemborg gave the land to Pešek of Veitmile on the condition that he would build a castle to guard the taxable goods that floated up and down the river. When the castle was completed it was then sold to the Vartenberg family. The castle exchanged hands many times in the 15th century, as well as endured many structural changes, until the Lobkowicz family came into possession of it. The Lobkowicz family maintains ownership of the castle currently. 
Nuns from nearby Teplice tooks refuge in the castle during the Hussite wars. In 1757 the castle came under attack from Laudon, and it still bears the marks from that attack. The Castle was abandoned as a military installation not long afterwards and during the 19th century it became attractive to tourists. A large fire was intentionally lit in the administrative buildings in 1961, as the president of Czechoslovakia was coming to visit and local officials were concerned that there would be no place for him and his entourage to park. The site is now the parking lot for visitors. 
Legends and fables.
In spring the basalt rock upon which the castle was built is covered by golden Aubrieta flowers. According to the fable the Lords of the Castle's daughter once fell in love with a poor horseman. Her father however did not approve of their love. He found another wooer for her and the horseman was imprisoned and starved to death. The girl then jumped from the 100m high rock and as she was falling her golden hair touched the rock in places where now the golden Aubrieta flowers grow. 
It is also said that from time to time her ghost can be seen climbing the cliff to meet the spirit of her beloved who died in the tower of the castle. 
Richard Wagner the ghost
In 1842 a mysterious white silhouette was seen walking on the walls and around the area. This "ghost" however was actually Richard Wagner clothed in white bedsheets who was looking for a muse. Finally he wrote a poem that later became basis for his famous opera "Tannhäuser".

</doc>
<doc id="20016518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016518" title="German submarine U-146">
German submarine U-146

U-146 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20016531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016531" title="German submarine U-147">
German submarine U-147

U-147 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20016539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016539" title="Zwischbergen Pass">
Zwischbergen Pass

The Zwischbergen Pass (el. 3268 m.) () is a high mountain pass across the eastern Pennine Alps, connecting Saas Almagell and Zwischbergen in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The pass lies between the Weissmies on the north and Portjengrat on the South.

</doc>
<doc id="20016547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016547" title="Uma Riyaz Khan">
Uma Riyaz Khan

Uma Riyaz Khan (Tamil: உமா ரியாஸ் கான்) is an Indian Tamil actress. She has appeared in a Tamil television shows and in supporting roles in a few Tamil films.
Personal life.
Uma was born as the only child of her artist parents. Her father, Kamesh, was a music director and her mother, Kamala Kamesh, was a famous actress who is well respected in the industry. After losing her father at age of nine, she was single handedly brought up by her mother. She is married to Malayalam actor Riyaz Khan. They have two sons, Shariq and Sam. Sam is acting in a children’s film called "Suttapazhamum Sudathapazhamum".
She went to Fatima Convent School in Kodambakkam. She was a state level athlete in 100 meter, Javelin, and a professional dancer. She was a trained classical dancer, and later switched to salsa and other Latin American dance forms.
Career.
Uma's first film was the Hindi film "Muskurahat" (1992) by director Priyadarshan. In the film she played Amrish Puri’s daughter. She described her first movie as a ‘superb’ experience. She calls her work in the film "Anbe Sivam" as her magnum opus. For her performance in "Mouna Guru" she received a lot of appreciation in the form of awards that year.
She took part in second season of the much talked about show, "Jodi Number One", which aired on Vijay TV in 2007. After that she judged a show called "Kalakka Povathu Yaaru".

</doc>
<doc id="20016553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016553" title="Semi Chellas">
Semi Chellas

Semi Chellas is a writer and screenwriter who has written for film, television and magazines. She was born in Palo Alto, California in 1969 and grew up in Calgary, Alberta.
Chellas was the co-creator (with Ilana Frank), executive producer and head writer of the Canadian prime-time dramatic television series "The Eleventh Hour", two-time winner of the Gemini Award for Best Series. Chellas and Tassie Cameron shared the Gemini for Best Writing in 2005 for the series finale, "Bumpy Cover". As well as being critically acclaimed, the series was nominated for over 30 other Geminis and won nine.
Most recently, she adapted Linda Spalding’s "Who Named the Knife" into a television movie, "Murder on Her Mind"; she also executive produced. She wrote the script for "Picture Claire", a low-budget feature directed by Bruce McDonald, that premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2001. She also wrote "The Life Before This", a low-budget feature directed by Jerry Ciccoritti that premiered at TIFF in 1999; she was also an associate producer. Her script for the Showtime/CBC television movie "Restless Spirits" (Canadian title: "Dead Aviators") garnered her both a Gemini and a day-time Emmy nomination.
She has co-written two episodes of season 5 of "Mad Men" with Matthew Weiner. Both episodes, "Far Away Places" and "The Other Woman", were nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series. On February 17, 2013, "The Other Woman" won a WGA award for best episodic drama. She also wrote one episode of "Being Erica".
Chellas has directed four short films, three of which have premiered at The Toronto International Film Festival: "Green Door" (written by Barbara Gowdy; selected as one of Canada's Top Ten Short Films 2008 by TIFF); "Trouser Accidents" (included in the Best Canadian Short Films Showcase) and "Three Stories From the End of Everything" (nominated for a Genie Award for best live-action short). Her most recent short film was "One Tomato". She has published short fiction and interviews in "Brick", "Epoch", "The Malahat Review" and "Grain". A non-fiction piece on embedded reporters, "Good to Go", appeared in "The Walrus" and "The Commonwealth Journalists' Quarterly".
She holds a B.A. in literature from Yale University and was a Mellon Fellow in English at Cornell University. She was a resident of the Canadian Film Centre in Toronto. She lives in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20016554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016554" title="Tharika">
Tharika

Tharika is an Indian Tamil actress who has appeared in Tamil films and television serials. She first appeared in a character role in P. Bharathiraja's "Eera Nilam" before she shifted to item numbers.
She participated in season 1 of the reality dance show "Jodi Number One".

</doc>
<doc id="20016568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016568" title="Mediehuset Østfold">
Mediehuset Østfold

Mediehuset Østfold AS is a Norwegian media company. Owned 99.3% by Edda Media, it publishes the Østfold-based newspapers "Fredriksstad Blad", "Moss Avis" and "Sarpsborgavisa". It also owns the local radio stations Radio Sarpsborg, Radio Fredrikstad and Radio Moss.
In the spring of 2008, the "best profit margin of all times" was announced, with expectations for an even better fiscal year in 2008. In the autumn of the same year, Edda Media demanded a five percent cut in expenditures.

</doc>
<doc id="20016569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016569" title="Laredo Community College South Campus">
Laredo Community College South Campus

The Laredo Community College South Campus, located at 5500 South Zapata Highway (U.S. Highway 83), was established to extend the Laredo Community College mission to the growing residential area of south Laredo. More than 80 percent of voters approved a $50 million bond issue to construct the campus which was completed in the spring of 2004. The campus contains seven buildings and will be expanded in the future to develop athletic and recreational fields and courts. The campus sits on a small valley near the bank of the Rio Grande. The campus was created to give opportunity to the citizens in the southern areas of Laredo.
Buildings.
Academic and Advanced Technology Center - Computer and science laboratories, lecture halls, classrooms and faculty offices fill the Academic and Advanced Technology Center. The building's first floor contains offices for the Child Development Department and the LCC Community Education Department. The second floor contains offices for the LCC Computer Electronics Department, language laboratories for the study of English and foreign languages, and distance education classrooms.
Hall Student Center - Named for the late State Representative William N. "Billy" Hall, Jr., this two-story facility is designed to become the hub of student life, including: Meeting and Conference Rooms, Bursar's Office, Financial Aid Office, Counseling Center, Admissions Office, Bookstore, Cafeteria, TV Room, Assessment Center, Mailroom, Print Services, Student Computer Resource Room, Student Employment Services, Campus Nurse, and administrative offices.
Raquel Gonzalez Automotive Technology Center -- Named for former LCC trustee Raquel Gonzalez, the center trains future mechanics in the latest techniques in automotive repair and maintenance.
Prada Child Development Center - The new LCC Child Development Laboratory is a model teaching area for LCC students who are taking early childhood development courses in preparation for education careers in the community's child care centers. It contains six classrooms for 2, 3 and 4 year-olds, a kitchen and two outdoor playgrounds. This facility is named for Camilo Prada, whose family developed the residential neighborhoods around the LCC South campus and provided student support through scholarships and other gifts.
Treviño Fitness Center - Named for the late LCC trustee J.C. "Pepe" Trevino, Jr., this Classroom and Fitness Center contains of space that will serve all students attending classes at LCC South with a gymnasium, fitness rooms, locker rooms and a therapy room with sauna. These facilities will also be used by the Regional Police Academy for its physical training component.
Senator Judith Zaffirini Library - The Zaffirini Library named for State Senator Judith Zaffirini is located on the LCC South campus in Building B. It is equipped with a Circulation desk, Reference Desk, a Media Center, a copy room, and a computer lab where bibliographic instruction is offered. Interlibrary loan services are available online and through the Circulation Desk, and bibliographic instruction sessions can be scheduled through the Reference Desk. The library has the capacity to house 18,000 volumes. Online and Internet services are readily available throughout the building.
Housing.
Laredo Community College does not offer housing for students. Privately own new development in the surrounding area has been strategically placed to meet the student's needs. Perfect example is the Laredo La Joya Apartments located at 212 Obsidian Blvd right across main highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20016578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016578" title="Occupation (TV serial)">
Occupation (TV serial)

Occupation is a BAFTA Award–winning three part drama serial broadcast by BBC One in June 2009. It was written by Peter Bowker and has been produced by Kudos for BBC Northern Ireland.
It took four years to bring the serial to screen. Filming took place in Morocco and Northern Ireland.
The serial follows the fortunes of three British Army soldiers from the 2003 invasion of Basra to 2007. Each is inspired to return to Basra for different reasons: one returns for love, one for monetary gain, and one for his belief in the mission to rebuild the country.
Episode summaries.
Episode 1.
A British Army section led by Sergeant Mike Swift are attempting to assault a sniper group in an apartment block in Basra. The group are caught in a grenade blast, and several members of the section and an innocent young Iraqi girl are injured. Swift carries the girl to a local hospital, where he meets Dr Aliya Nabil. The unit returns to Manchester, England, with Swift being hailed as a hero, but all experience difficulty integrating back into normal family life. The girl and Aliya have also travelled to England, and Swift begins to fall in love with the doctor, nearly embarking on an affair. Having left the Army, Corporal Danny Ferguson finds solace in drugs, before going into partnership with Sergeant Erik Lester, a former U.S. Marine who was impressed by Ferguson's calmness under fire and has gone into business as a private military contractor company. Ferguson and Lester return to Iraq, and secure a contract to escort American businessmen around hospitals and clinics they are planning to rebuild. Lance Corporal Lee Hibbs, having also left the Army and being unimpressed with work as a nightclub bouncer, joins Ferguson and Lester, thinking he can play a role in rebuilding Iraq. On their first assignment, the escort group dress and apply makeup to look like Arabs, and begin their escort job in two old cars. After becoming separated from their other car, Ferguson and Lester, with the American businessman, are ambushed in a roadblock, and the episode ends with Ferguson somewhat comically stripping naked in front of a British patrol shouting "I'm from Kirkby!", mirroring the actor's real world origins, in order to prove he is British, the car having been driven away from the ambush by Lester, who has been shot in the neck. Meanwhile, Aliya and the little girl return to Iraq without telling Swift, leading him to volunteer to return.
Episode 2.
Episode 2 begins in March 2004, four months after episode 1. Swift, promoted to Staff Sergeant and transferred to the Royal Army Medical Corps, is looking for Aliya by enquiring at her former hospital, where he meets Dr Sadiq Alasadi, a male doctor and influential local figure, who had been missing presumed dead in prison under Saddam Hussein's rule. Having saved the American, Lester and Ferguson outfit, Pacific Solutions, has flourished, and they are looking to expand from simple escort protection of contractors, to organising the reconstruction projects as well, starting with Sadiq's hospital. Reunited, Ferguson informs Swift that he knows where Aliya is, and while as a friend warns him against contacting her, as a businessman he says he will tell him, in exchange for putting a word in with Sadiq. He agrees, but on finding her working in another clinic she again refuses his advances and reveals she had been married all along. Swift, Ferguson and Lester meet Sadiq at the hospital, and once he learns of Swift's earlier heroics, Paterson and Lester secure the contract. In the process, Swift learns that Sadiq is Aliya's husband, to the amusement of Lester and Ferguson. On a further visit, Aliya rejects an offer from Swift to take her to England, even though conditions for her are worsening in Iraq.
Moving into August 2004, Yunis, an Iraqi translator working for Pacific solutions, who has befriended Hibbs, leaves the firm to set up his own pizzeria. While at his shop, Yunis is murdered by two Iraqi policeman for collaborating. Hibbs is off guard not expecting danger, as he trained the pair while he was in the Army. Hibbs, angry at the death, seeks revenge, but is persuaded not to act by Ferguson and Lester. Fearing he is having a breakdown, Ferguson arranges for Swift to take Hibbs back to England on his transport a week later, as he finishes his second tour.
A year later, Hibbs and Swift are back home, and it is around the time of the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Hibbs' view of the Iraqi people has hardened, and he states he endorses the July attackers' actions, if it makes his sister, who has constantly opposed the war, realise "what they are like". Meanwhile in Iraq, Pacific Solutions is expanding, and Ferguson and Lester enter a partnership with Western investors in Dubai, explaining how they cream money off the top of coalition reconstruction grants by inventing cost overruns. Swift's wife has guessed that he had an affair and demands he leave the marital home. Hibbs, obsessed with Yunis's death, returns to Iraq at Christmas, visits his wife and family, and gives them all his savings. On leaving their house, he is kidnapped by a militant group led by the two policeman he knows. The episode ends with Hibbs being forced to video a statement stating that he is a private contractor and he and the United States and British forces should not be in Iraq. Meanwhile, against the wishes of Lester, Ferguson and a colleague look for him in the streets of Basra.
Episode 3.
Still in December 2005, Ferguson has located the police station where Hibbs is being held after being told by Yassin, Yunis's teenage son, who witnessed the kidnap. He is successfully exchanged for money, to the anger of Lester. To pay back Lester, Ferguson persuades him that Hibbs can be used to drive a regular truck shipment they have been contracted to undertake from Kuwait to Basra, which routinely runs empty while Pacific Solutions are still paid for the job. Ferguson and Lester meet Sadiq to sign off on a contract. After Ferguson attempts a last minute change to the sundries total from $6,000 to $60,000, the doctor refuses to sign the contract, to the annoyance of Lester who sees an avenue to millions of dollars' worth of contacts closed. Back at base, Ferguson forges the doctor's signature on the contract and tells Lester to go ahead with it. Sadiq gets into an argument with three young militiamen who want treatment for a wounded member, but object to the hospital's continued use of women doctors against mosque instructions. As he leaves for home, he is kidnapped by unseen assailants as he stands next to his car.
By June 2007, Swift's son, Richard, has decided to join the Army, and instead of leaving the Army, Swift, who is now divorced, returns to Basra to watch over his son on his first tour. Relations between Lester and Ferguson worsen as Ferguson expresses boredom with life in Dubai. They agree to split their skills, with Lester in Dubai and Petersen in Basra. Swift learns of Sadiq's kidnap, and visits his wife in the hospital, where she is now forced to work out of sight in the pharmacy. While he is obliged to communicate through a male intermediary, she tells him she does not know who is holding him and that no ransom demand has been made. After consulting with Yassin, Swift theorises that, since no ransom has been demanded, he may have been arrested by British or American authorities, but gets nowhere with inquiries. Swift arranges for Hibbs to bring Aliya to his office, where they have sex, apparently for the first time, and Yassin, who has been getting progressively more religious, expresses displeasure at being in the company of "immoral women" like her.
Three months later, having got nowhere, Swift turns to Ferguson for help, and they argue, as Ferguson assumes that Sadiq must have done something to deserve being arrested, being no good just like "everybody in this country", bombing and killing each other over religion and tribal conflict. After Swift leaves, Ferguson eventually instructs Hibbs and a colleague to do a job for him; they protest that they should not go outside with fewer than six men, and he counters that work is drying up and they cannot afford to use more. Hibbs meets an Arab pair in the desert, who in exchange for money, hand over a hooded man, who Hibbs discovers is Sadiq. They return him to the hospital, and pay him off with compensation, insisting the incident was a case of mistaken identity.
As they leave, they drive into a demonstrating mob, and after grounding their car are forced to escape on foot as the mob turns on them. As Swift is in the British base, attempting to counsel his son who is not coping well with his first tour, he gets a message from Aliya, asking him to come to the hospital. On arriving, Sadiq reveals it was Ferguson who kidnapped him, and he urges Swift to go to the press to expose Pacific Solutions and to take Aliya out of Iraq, intimating that he knows of their affair, but believes that he "is finished" and that Swift is her best hope of safety. Lester returns to the Basra Pacific office, and is angry at Ferguson, blaming his erratic behaviour, bullying and forgery for losing a multi-million dollar oil field deal. As they argue, Ferguson receives a call for help from Hibbs, who with his colleague are pinned down. Lester prepares to leave to help Hibbs, while urging Ferguson to take some responsibility for the situation. Ferguson responds by stating he will call the British Army in to rescue the pair, over objections from Lester, who states it would finish them in Iraq.
Richard Swift is a member of the patrol tasked to rescue Hibbs, but is separated from his unit and finds himself in an apartment block. He unsuccessfully attempts to radio for help, and then texts his father, who is in the hospital with Sadiq and Aliya; all three are by now helping the victims of the developing violence outside. As militia arrive, Yassin now among them, Swift is urged to leave by his translator. As Swift leaves, Aliya is pinned up against a wall and shot in the head by Yassin. Swift receives the text message from his son, and finds him dead in the apartment block.
Back in England, Ferguson, Hibbs and Swift are at Richard's funeral. The episode ends with the men in a bar afterwards, with Swift angry at Ferguson, blaming him for his son being there, fighting the guilt of having not got to him in time. Hibbs, having become a counsellor for returning servicemen, is prepared to aid Swift in "taking down" Ferguson and Lester with information about their dodgy dealings. Ferguson retaliates by stating that his new-found reason for risking his life in Iraq is money, in contrast to the lack of a reason while in the Army. Swift questions what has happened to him, to which he replies "I went to Iraq, why, what happened to you?". The episode ends poignantly as all three are left sitting in the bar, all close to tears.
Critical reception.
Tim Walker of "The Independent" called "Occupation" "a predictably masterly production" but felt that its "bleak climax...stretched the bounds of plausibility". Writing for "The Times", Caitlin Moran praised Nesbitt's performance as "surpringsly gripping". Helen Rumbelow, also from "The Times", reviewed the first episode and felt the opening "a sequence of brilliant film-making" but criticised the acting from Nesbitt and Graham as "a touch too comedic". "The Telegraph" felt the series gave "a poignant sense of the ironies" of the war in Iraq, praised writer Peter Bowker and summarised by calling the series "Truly excellent". Kathryn Flett wrote in "The Guardian" that "Nesbitt was very good and easy to like" but "not the film's star", feeling that performances by Stephen Graham and Warren Brown "made the deeper, more lasting impression". She also praised the writing as "thrilling - funny, sad, real, believable".

</doc>
<doc id="20016584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016584" title="Eddi Arent">
Eddi Arent

Gebhardt Georg Arendt (5 May 1925 – 28 May 2013) was a German actor, cabaret artist and comedian. He appeared in 104 films between 1956 and 2002. He was born in Danzig, Free City of Danzig, today Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20016587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016587" title="German submarine U-158">
German submarine U-158

U-158 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20016591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016591" title="Glimcher Realty Trust">
Glimcher Realty Trust

Glimcher Realty Trust () is a Columbus, Ohio based real estate investment trust. The company specializes in the development and management of regional malls and shopping centers. As of 2009, the company's properties consisted of 23 malls (with a total leasable area of 20.74 million square feet), and three community centers (with a total leasable area of 760 thousand square feet). On 2008-10-23, Glimcher Realty Trust posted a third quarter loss of US$3.44 million. On the same day, Standard & Poor's lowered Glimcher's credit rating, in response to a declining outlook for the trust's portfolio.
In 2004, it sold several properties to Bromont Investments, a company based in Scottsdale, Arizona.
In early 2006, it acquired one mall in partnership with a Canadian pension fund and another one by itself.
Properties managed.
The following malls are managed by Glimcher:
Restatement.
On February 22, 2005, the company restated its financial statements from 2001 through 2003 to correct the timing of recognized revenue from tenants.

</doc>
<doc id="20016610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016610" title="German submarine U-159">
German submarine U-159

U-159 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20016616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016616" title="Committee for Education">
Committee for Education

The Committee for Education is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of Education and Minister for Education (currently John O'Dowd) on matters within his or her responsibility as a Minister. The committee undertakes a scrutiny, policy development and consultation role and plays a key role in the consideration and development of legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20016633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016633" title="View from the Vault">
View from the Vault

View from the Vault is a four-part series of live DVDs and companion soundtracks by the Grateful Dead. The audio is taken from the soundboard and the video from the video screens at the concerts. Each volume was released simultaneously as an album on CD and as a concert performance video on DVD.
Volumes.
The first volume was recorded and filmed at Three Rivers Stadium in Pittsburgh on July 8, 1990 with bonus material recorded two days earlier at Cardinal Stadium, Louisville. The soundtrack was released as a 3-CD set.
The second volume features the June 14, 1991 concert at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in Washington, D.C., and bonus material from a show at the same venue on July 12, 1990. It is the only Grateful Dead video release featuring Vince Welnick and Bruce Hornsby. The DVD contains one track that is not on the CD, "Box of Rain", recorded at the 1990 show. It also includes a music video, "Liberty", directed by Justin Kreutzmann, the son of Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann.
The third volume contains the June 16, 1990 show at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, California. The album also includes six songs from a show at the same venue on October 3, 1987. One of these is "My Brother Esau", the first appearance of this song on an album. "My Brother Esau" had been the B-side of the "Touch of Grey" single in 1987, and was later released on the "Beyond Description" box set and on "View from the Vault, Volume Four".
The fourth volume contains two consecutive complete shows—July 24, 1987, at Oakland Stadium, and July 26, 1987 at Anaheim Stadium. The album was released as a 4-CD set. These concerts were recorded during the "Dylan & the Dead" tour. On this brief tour, each Grateful Dead show was followed by a performance by Bob Dylan, with the Dead providing accompaniment. Songs from those performances are documented on the album "Dylan & the Dead". The fourth volume was the only volume that was not also released on VHS videotape. It was also the only DVD of the series that included the option of either a two-channel stereo or a Dolby 5.1 channel surround sound soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20016634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016634" title="Michael Goldfarb (political writer)">
Michael Goldfarb (political writer)

Michael Goldfarb is an American conservative political writer. He is contributing editor for "The Weekly Standard" and was a research associate at the Project for the New American Century. During the 2008 presidential race he served as John McCain's deputy communications director. He is a founder of the online conservative magazine "The Washington Free Beacon". Goldfarb attracted some online attention for two posts ridiculing liberal bloggers as basement-dwelling Dungeons and Dragons players.
He has a B.A. in history from Princeton University.
Beauchamp affair.
While at "The Weekly Standard", Goldfarb was the first to raise doubts about the veracity of Scott Beauchamp's then-anonymous Iraq reporting for "The New Republic".

</doc>
<doc id="20016639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016639" title="John Whiting (anthropologist)">
John Whiting (anthropologist)

John Wesley Mayhew Whiting (June 12, 1908 Chilmark, Massachusetts – May 13, 1999, Chilmark, Massachusetts) was an American sociologist and anthropologist, specializing in child development.
Whiting grew up on Martha's Vineyard, on the Massachusetts coast. He received his B.A. in 1931 and his Ph.D. in sociology & anthropology in 1938, both from Yale University. He remained at Yale until 1947 on the staff of Yale Institute of Human Relations. After two years at the State University of Iowa, he was offered a position at Harvard in the Graduate School of Education. In 1963 he transferred to the Department of Social Relations, where he taught and conducted research in anthropology and comparative child development.
Together with his wife Beatrice, John Whiting organized the Six Cultures Study of Socialization, the largest and most comprehensive comparative study of child rearing and child development. The study assigned teams of anthropologists with interdisciplinary training in psychology and child development to six sites around the world: The six cultures studied are Nyansongo: a Gusii community in Kenya (Robert A. LeVine and Barbara B. LeVine); the Rajputs of Khalapur, India (Leigh Minturn and John T. Hitchcock); Taira: an Okinawan village (Thomas W. Maretzki and Hatsumi Maretzki) ; the Mixtecans of Juxtlahuaca, Mexico (Kimball Romney and Romaine Romney); Tarong: an Ilocos barrio in the Philippines (William F. Nydegger and Corinne Nydegger); and the New Englanders of Orchard Town, USA. (John L. Fischer and Ann Fischer). The Whitings continued work on comparative child development, both with their own fieldwork and through many students and collaborators, throughout their careers.
In 1973, the American Psychological Association honored him with the G. Stanley Hall Award for Distinguished Contributions to Developmental Psychology. Whiting was elected the first President of the Society for Psychological Anthropology in 1978. In 1982, John and his wife, Beatrice (née, Blyth) Whiting, won the American Anthropological Association's Distinguished Service Award. In 1989, they received the Society's first Career Contribution Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20016641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016641" title="John Thomas (lacrosse)">
John Thomas (lacrosse)

John "Jack" Thomas was an All-American lacrosse player at Johns Hopkins University from 1972 to 1974.
Lacrosse career.
Thomas was a prep star at Towson High School, where he played for his father, William Thomas Sr., considered the dean of Maryland high school coaches.
With the Blue Jays, Thomas led the team to a national title in 1974. He is ranked fourth all-time in Hopkin's career scoring with 224 points. Thomas earned first-team All America honors all three years while in college, as well as being named the Jack Turnbull Award winner in 1973 and 1974. Thomas also led Hopkins to championship finals in 1972 and 1973, getting upset by Virginia 13-12 and losing in double overtime 10-9 to Maryland. During his career at Hopkins, Thomas led the team to an overall 34 and 6 record. 
Thomas was elected to the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1989, and is considered one of the top lacrosse players of all time, having been named to the NCAA Men's Lacrosse Silver Anniversary team. He is seventh all-time in NCAA career points-per-game, and fourth all-time in career points at Hopkins. Thomas also played quarterback on the Johns Hopkins' football team, ranking 10th in total yardage in NCAA Division III in 1974. 
Thomas played for USA in the 1974 Lacrosse World Championships hosted in Melbourne, Australia. He was named the Best and Fairest player of the World Championships.
Post-lacrosse.
After teaching World History and having coaching tenures of Boys Varsity lacrosse and both the Boys and Girls Soccer teams at Wilde Lake High School in Columbia, Maryland he is currently teaching World History at Centennial High School in Ellicott City, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20016642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016642" title="Moishe Tokar">
Moishe Tokar

Moishe Tokar (Yiddish: משה טאָקאַר; fl. 1905–1910) was a Jewish anarchist who attempted to assassinate the Russian general Sergei Gershelman.
During the 1905 Russian Revolution, Tokar lived in Warsaw (then part of the Russian Empire) where he was a member of an anarchist collective of Jewish workers known as International. His daring in propaganda of the deed won him renown within the Russian anarchist movement. After escaping arrest by the police in Warsaw, he became a fugitive before being captured and imprisoned in the city's notorious Citadel prison. Possessing no identifying documents, he defied torture and managed to withhold his name from the authorities. In 1907 he escaped, fleeing first to Paris and then to London, where he became an associate of the revolutionary, Judith Goodman, and anarchist theorist, Rudolf Rocker.
Finding life in both cities too tame, he returned from London to Paris with the intention of returning to Russia. In Paris he met a group of similarly disposed young Russian illegalists, with whom he planned to rob a Parisian bank, but the group were betrayed by one of their own and arrested. Under the influence of Prime Minister Clemenceau, who was sympathetic to their youthful idealism and unaware of their criminal intent, the group were not imprisoned but rather were ordered to leave Paris on the next train.
Tokar returned to London, where he remained for nearly a year before informing his colleagues that he was unable to tolerate it any longer and would risk traveling to Russia, whatever the consequences. In January 1909 he finally returned to his native country, settling in Łódź. There he read reports of the cruel torture of political prisoners in Vilnius and resolved to assassinate Sergei Gershelman, the military commander responsible. Tokar went to Vilnius where, on December 6, 1909, he shot at Gershelman as the latter drove his carriage through the street. Though Gershelman was uninjured, Tokar's shots wounded General Fenga, who had accompanied Gershelman in the carriage. Tokar was sentenced to death for the crime on January 13, 1910. In his cell a couple of days before he was to be executed, Moishe Tokar doused himself in paraffin from his lamp and burned himself alive.

</doc>
<doc id="20016648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016648" title="Nicholas Crispo, Lord of Syros">
Nicholas Crispo, Lord of Syros

Nicholas Crispo, Patrizio Veneto (or "Niccolò"; 1392–1450), became Lord of Syros in 1420 and Regent of the Duchy of the Archipelago between 1447 and 1450. He was a son of Francesco I Crispo, tenth Duke of the Archipelago, and wife Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos, and brother of Dukes Giacomo I, John II and William II.
He married in 1413 Valenza-Eudokia Komnena and had ten children:

</doc>
<doc id="20016654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016654" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup

The 2008–09 Biathlon World Cup (BWC) is a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the International Biathlon Union. The season starts December 2, 2008 in Östersund, Sweden and ends March 29, 2009 in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia.
Calendar.
Below you'll find the IBU World Cup calendar for the 2008–09 season.
Trivia.
First World Cup career victory:
First podium placement:
World Cup victory (in brackets total victory):

</doc>
<doc id="20016657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016657" title="Dermal patch">
Dermal patch

A dermal patch or skin patch is a medicated adhesive patch that is placed on the skin to deliver a medication into the skin. This is in contrast to a transdermal patch, which delivers the medication through the skin and into the bloodstream.

</doc>
<doc id="20016663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016663" title="Anneli Sauli">
Anneli Sauli

Anneli Sauli (born 6 August 1932) is a Finnish film actress. She has appeared in 42 films since 1953. She starred in the film "Miriam", which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
She was born in Pyhäjoki, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20016704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016704" title="The Iron Woman (novel)">
The Iron Woman (novel)

The Iron Woman is a novel of manners by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer, an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Mrs. Maitland, a leathery old widow who owns and operates an iron mill. Her devotion to a Puritanical work ethic alienates her son Blair, who though he stands to inherit the business, is headstrong and in love with Elizabeth Ferguson, a match Mrs. Maitland disapproves of.
It was first published in installments in "Harper's Monthly" from November 1910 through October 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20016707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016707" title="Fear of ghosts">
Fear of ghosts

The fear of ghosts in many human cultures is based on beliefs that some ghosts may be malevolent towards people and dangerous (within the range of all possible attitudes, including mischievous, benign, indifferent, etc.).
The fear of ghosts is sometimes referred to as phasmophobia and erroneously spectrophobia, the latter being an established term for fear of mirrors and one's own reflections.
Typical character.
The fear of ghosts is widespread even in post-industrial societies. Philosopher Peter van Inwagen wrote:
"...I am perfectly aware that the fear of ghosts is contrary to science, reason and religion. If I were sentenced to spend a night alone in a graveyard, <...> I should already know that twigs would snap and the wind moan and that there would be half-seen movements in the darkness. And yet, after I had been frog-marched into the graveyard, I should feel a thrill of fear every time one of these things happened..."
In many traditional accounts, ghosts are often thought to be deceased people looking for vengeance, or imprisoned on earth for bad things they did during life. The appearance of a ghost has often been regarded as an omen or portent of death. Seeing one's own ghostly double or doppelgänger is a related omen of death.
Fear of ghosts among various cultures.
Wari'.
Wari', an Amazon rainforest tribe, believe that the spirits of dead people may appear as a scaring specters called "jima". The jima is said to grab a person with very strong, cold and poisonous hands and try to pull the person's spirit away.
Papuans.
A 19th century missionary describes the fear of ghosts among Papuans as follows:
"That a great fear
of ghosts prevails among the Papuans is intelligible. Even
by day they are reluctant to pass a grave, but nothing
would induce them to do so by night. For the dead
are then roaming about in their search for "gambier" and
tobacco, and they may also sail out to sea in a canoe.
Some of the departed, above all the so-called "Mambrie" or
heroes, inspire them with especial fear. In such cases for
some days after the burial you may hear about sunset a
simultaneous and horrible din in all the houses of all the
villages, a yelling, screaming, beating and throwing of sticks;
happily the uproar does not last long: its intention is to
compel the ghost to take himself off: they have given him
all that befits him, namely, a grave, a funeral banquet, and
funeral ornaments; and now they beseech him not to thrust
himself on their observation any more, not to breathe any
sickness upon the survivors, and not to kill them or "fetch"
them, as the Papuans put it."
Japanese.
Onryō (怨霊) is a Japanese ghost ("yurei") who is able to return to the physical world in order to seek vengeance. While male onryō can be found, mainly in kabuki theatre, the majority are women. Powerless in the physical world, they often suffer at the capricious whims of their male lovers. In death they become strong. Goryō are vengeance ghosts from the aristocratic classes, especially those who have been martyred.
Literature and arts.
Fear of ghosts, their vengeance and mischief is a common base for a plot in the ghost story literary genre and in ghost movies.
In cartoons & comics, Casper's efforts to make friends, is hampered by humans, animals and even inanimate objects irrationally panicking, screaming and running away at the sight of him.

</doc>
<doc id="20016714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016714" title="1991 Stockholm Open">
1991 Stockholm Open

The 1991 Stockholm Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 23rd edition of the Stockholm Open and was part of the ATP Championship Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden, from October 21 through October 28, 1991. Second-seed Boris Becker won the singles title. 
The singles draw was headlined by Stefan Edberg. Other top seeds were Boris Becker, Jim Courier and Michael Stich.

</doc>
<doc id="20016716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016716" title="Schöllijoch">
Schöllijoch

The Schöllijoch (el. 3343 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Pennine Alps, connecting Gruben/Meiden and St. Niklaus (Mattertal) in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. The path has been recently equipped and is accessible to experienced hikers.
The pass lies between the Barrhorn on the north and the Brunegghorn on the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20016731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016731" title="Michael Gershman">
Michael Gershman

Michael Gershman (1941 – January 4, 2000) was a writer, publicist, and music producer.
After graduating from Brown University, Gershman worked briefly as a newspaper reporter before joining the Dorothy Ross Agency in New York. There, he served as a press agent for comedians Woody Allen, Dick Cavett, and Joan Rivers. In the late 1960s, he moved to California to focus on clients in the music business. Among his clients were the Doors, Jefferson Airplane, Neil Diamond, Elton John, and James Taylor. He left the business to manage and produce the band Looking Glass. Among the songs he worked on was the 1972 single Brandy (You're a Fine Girl), which reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Gershman would later return to work as a publicist, representing musicians like Mel Torme and Lionel Richie. He moved back to the east coast in the 1980s and became a prolific baseball writer. authoring 16 books on the subject. His 1993 book "Diamonds: The Evolution of the Ballpark." received the CASEY Award. With John Thorn, he formed the book packaging company called Baseball Ink, and produced the groundbreaking reference work "Total Baseball", which would eventually become the official encyclopedia of Major League Baseball. Thorn and Gershman went on to found Total Sports Publishing. 
Personal life.
Gershman was born in Brooklyn, New York and died at his home in Westport, Connecticut in 2000, following a battle with lung cancer. His widow, Suzy Gershman, who died on July 25, 2012 from brain cancer at age 64, was a journalist and the author of the "Born to Shop" book series. The couple was married in 1975. Their son is singer/songwriter Aaron Spacemuseum.

</doc>
<doc id="20016733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016733" title="Committee for Health, Social Services and Public Safety">
Committee for Health, Social Services and Public Safety

The Committee for Health, Social Services and Public Safety is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety and Minister for Health, Social Services and Public Safety (currently Edwin Poots since May '11). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20016734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016734" title="T. Henry Howard">
T. Henry Howard

Commissioner Thomas Henry Howard OF (July 17, 1849 – July 1, 1923 ) was the Second Chief of the Staff of The Salvation Army, succeeding Bramwell Booth on his appointment as General on the death of his father William Booth in 1912.
A builder from Ilkeston in Derbyshire and the son of Hannah and William Howard, in 1881 Howard spent a night in prayer before making the decision to join The Salvation Army. After a short period spent at the Whitechapel Corps, he was appointed to the work of Officer Training.
In 1884 he was transferred to Australia, where he was instrumental in expanding the work of the Army, and was the first Commander of The Salvation Army Australia Southern Territory, from 1886 to 1889. Later appointments included British Commissioner, International Training Commissioner and Foreign Secretary at the International Headquarters in London.
Howard was appointed The Salvation Army's Second Chief of Staff by General Bramwell Booth in 1912, a post he held until his retirement from active service in 1919. In 1920 he was awarded the Order of the Founder, the Salvation Army's most prestigious award. Commissioner Howard died in Margate in Kent in 1923.
Two of the children he had with his wife Martha (1847-1937) died young. His son John Howard married Florence Annie Lawley, the daughter of Commissioner John Lawley.
Like many prominent Salvationists, T. Henry Howard is buried in Abney Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20016735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016735" title="Skip Heitzig">
Skip Heitzig

Skip Heitzig (born 1955) is the founder and senior pastor of Calvary of Albuquerque, a Calvary Chapel fellowship located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Personal.
A native of Southern California, Heitzig has three siblings (his brother, Bob, died in a motorcycle accident in 1975). 
He's been described as a former marijuana smoking surfer dude. Heitzig was witnessed to by a friend, Gino Geraci, senior pastor of Calvary South Denver. Shortly after this experience, Heitzig began to study under Pastor Chuck Smith of Calvary Chapel of Costa Mesa.
His early training in radiology was through UCLA which included an internship program at San Bernardino County Medical Center in San Bernardino, California. In 1981, Heitzig married his wife, Lenya, and together, they moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico to continue his work in the medical field. Together, they have one son, Nathan.
Ministry.
In 1982, Heitzig began a home Bible study that eventually grew into Calvary of Albuquerque. In 1988 and 1989, Calvary of Albuquerque was listed as one of the fastest growing churches in America. In 2009, Calvary of Albuquerque was listed as one of the 15 largest churches in America with an average weekend attendance of 13,000. 
After a brief pastorate in San Juan Capistrano (Ocean Hills, 2004-2006), Heitzig returned to Calvary of Albuquerque as senior pastor in 2006, following the resignation of the previous pastor, Pete Nelson. 
Presently, Heitzig serves on several Boards of Directors, including Samaritan's Purse.
Each year, Heitzig hosts a week long seminar of teachings at The Cove, the Billy Graham Training Center in North Carolina. He is also a frequent guest speaker at Franklin Graham Festivals and Harvest Crusades with Greg Laurie.
Education.
Heitzig attended Victor Valley Community College in California and UCLA to gain his degree in radiology.
Heitzig earned his B.A. and M.A from Trinity Seminary, Newburgh, Indiana. In 2009, he was given an honorary doctorate of Divinity by the Gospel for Asia Biblical Seminary in Cochin, India.
Controversy.
Heitzig has been publicly criticized for totalitarian leadership and a lack of fiscal accountability in connection with his 2004 departure from Calvary Chapel Albuquerque.
Publishing and Media.
Heitzig is the author of several books and booklets. Of his noted works: 
"How To Study the Bible and Enjoy It" (Tyndale House, 1996) 
"Jesus Up Close" (Tyndale House, 2001)
"When God Prays" (Tyndale House, 2003).
"Encounter: Face 2 Face with Jesus" (Bridge-Logos, 2009).
"GodPrint" (Bridge-Logos, 2009).
"The Daily God Book" (Tyndale House, 2010).
"Homeland Security" (Bridge-Logos, 2010).
Heitzig can be heard throughout the United States and worldwide on his radio broadcast, "The Connection", as well as various cable and internet-based television channels ("His Channel", KNET)
Music.
As a musician, songwriter, and producer, Heitzig has been featured on several musical projects. Of note: 
"Lively Hearts" (1999) 
"Everywhere I Go" (2000)
Heitzig wrote the lyrics to the modern hymn (with Brian Nixon), "Gloria Exaltus" (2008) which was released on the album, "Stars Shine Bright".
T.V and Documentaries.
Heitzig hosted the video documentary "Epicenter" (Tyndale 2007), with author, Joel C. Rosenberg, as well as the documentary "The Jesus Boat" (2009). In 2010, Heitzig released two additional documentaries, "Shattered" and "Riptide". Additionally, Heitzig has been a featured guest on several documentaries and video teachings, including "A Venture in Faith" with Chuck Smith (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20016741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016741" title="List of Maltese football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Maltese football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Maltese football transfers for the 2008-09 winter transfer window by club. Only transfers of the Maltese Premier League are included.
The winter transfer window will open on 1 January 2009, although a few transfers may take place prior to that date. The window will close at midnight on 31 January 2009. Players without a club may join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows.
The transfer window was concluded on 31 January 2009. The big movers being Roderick Briffa who swapped Sliema Wanderers for current champions Valletta, also joining Valletta were Brazilian striker Paulo Massaro and returning was Argentina striker Omar Sebastián Monesterolo, who had left the club in the summer. Departing the club on a temporary basis were defender Jonathan Bondin who teamed up with Ħamrun Spartans} on loan for the remainder of the season and midfielder David Camilleri who also went on loan for the remainder of the season to Tarxien Rainbows.
Marsaxlokk made an effort to strengtnen their team with the signings of Chris Camilleri from Msida Saint-Joseph and Dylan Kokavessis from Ħamrun Spartans. The only outgoing player was Stephen Wellman who joined Qormi.
Player Transfers.
Birkirkara.
In:
Out:
Floriana.
In:
Out:
Ħamrun Spartans.
In:
Out:
Hibernians.
In:
Out:
Marsaxlokk.
In:
Out:
Msida Saint-Joseph.
In:
Out:
Qormi.
In:
Out:
Sliema Wanderers.
In:
Out:
Tarxien Rainbows.
In:
Out:
Valletta.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="20016742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016742" title="Donnie Meche">
Donnie Meche

Donnie James Meche (born October 10, 1974 in Rayne, Louisiana) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.
Donnie Meche won his first race at Evangeline Downs in May 1993. He was the top apprentice rider at Louisiana Downs in 1994.
He is ten minutes younger than twin brother Lonnie, who, along with younger brother Cody, is also a jockey.

</doc>
<doc id="20016744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016744" title="Gruben">
Gruben

Gruben has different meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="20016745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016745" title="Government.no">
Government.no

Government.no (, , ) is the web portal for the Government of Norway. Operated by the Government Administration Services, it provides a range of information services related to each of the ministries, the Office of the Prime Minister, historical information and a large backlog of public documents.
The site was launched on 12 February 2007, replacing the former odin.dep.no site. 

</doc>
<doc id="20016748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016748" title="Franz Schafheitlin">
Franz Schafheitlin

Franz Schafheitlin (9 August 1895 – 6 February 1980) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 160 films between 1927 and 1974. He was born in Berlin, Germany and died in Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20016751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016751" title="Poorest Areas Civil Society Program">
Poorest Areas Civil Society Program

The Poorest Areas Civil Society (PACS) program (which ran from 2001–2008) was designed to help millions of people living in some of India’s poorest districts. Its goal was to cut the poverty rate in India in half by the year 2015. Through a network of 665 civil society organizations, it covered almost 20,000 villages in 94 districts in 6 Indian states. PACS received over $25 million funding from the UK’s Department for Internal Development (DFID). In addition to raising public awareness about the plight of poor Indians, PACS distributed food and ration cards to impoverished families, helped to set up a variety of social welfare programs (such as pension programs for retirees and widows, programs to help the disabled, scholarship programs, etc.) and gave additional funding to existing infrastructure programs so that water, electrical and sanitation systems could be improved in urban areas and could be constructed in rural areas that had been without these services before. PACS was also involved in fostering women’s rights in India–particularly in sending more little girls to school, encouraging more women to vote and educating the population about family planning options. Additionally, a drought and disaster relief fund was created to assist rural farmers. Finally, PACS encouraged more poor people to participate in the political process (through voting, through community action programs, etc.) in the hopes of giving them the tools that they will need to help themselves in the future 

</doc>
<doc id="20016770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016770" title="After the Anthems">
After the Anthems

After the Anthems is a band based in Mississauga Ontario, Canada and originally from Owen Sound. The band formed in October 2006.
History.
Early bands and formation (2000-2006).
After the Anthems officially formed in October 2006. However, Philip Ciufo, Lee Zavitz, and Phil Johnston have played together in former bands since October 2000. Zavitz met Ciufo in 1999 in their grade 9 year through a common interest of skateboarding and music. They would spend a lot of time at the local skate park and also making music. Johnston knew Zavitz through common friend Dan Curry. When Johnston entered high school in 2000, he was introduced to the two, and was soon recruited as their drummer. A band was formed under the title 6 Days Late which was changed shortly after to Unidentified 6.
The band performed their first show during their junior years at their high school. They played local shows and created four albums of songs collectively titled: "Do Humans Look Like Their Pets?", "Lights Go Out", "Unaware", and "Loser", as well as several untitled EPs which they distributed at their high school. The band's title remained Unidentified 6 for four years until 2004 when they changed their name to One Way Out. Up until that time, Zavitz played the bass. After the name change, Tim Stead joined the trio to play bass while Zavitz switched to guitar.
One Way Out released a self-titled album in 2004 and an EP titled "Salvage What's Left" in 2005. Shortly after the release of their EP the band went on a short tour with John Reuben and also opened for Thousand Foot Krutch, Seventh Day Slumber, and Hawk Nelson. Shortly after, Stead left the band due to complications with the other members. He was replaced by long-time friend Dan Curry who played with the band until March 2006. At this time the four went on hiatus.
"This is the Sound" (2007).
In October 2006, Ciufo re-joined with Zavitz and Johnston to officially form After the Anthems. Over the course of 2006 and 2007, the three went on to record "This is the Sound" which was released in September 2007. In August, Jason Soloduik was added to the lineup to play bass. The band then went on tour throughout North America from October to December at which point Soloduik was removed from the band due to complications with the other members.
On February 24, 2007 the band released a 6 song EP titled "It's DejaVu All over Again". The album contains the cover version of "The Power of Love" as well as 5 new original songs. The Power of Love eventually went to No. 1 on the CT20 in May 2009.
According to their website, After The Anthems is currently back in the studio recording new songs. On April 29, 2010 they released a mashup cover of 3 songs. The song is titled "One time I replayed the empire state of mind" and is a cover of "One Time" by Justin Bieber, "Empire State of Mind" by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys, and "Replay" by Iyaz. The song was released on a new Facebook application called MuSwap. This was the first song released through MuSwap and went semi-viral receiving over 500 downloads on its first day.
On August 12, 2010 the band announced on their Twitter page that they will be releasing a new full-length album
"What if the Astronauts are Lying" (2011).
The band released their newest album on iTunes on February 19, 2011 titled "What if the Astronauts are Lying?". The official release party was held at The Opera House in Toronto. The first single from the album is '1623' and a music video was released via their website in August 2011. 
This album also marks a change in how the band distributes their music. The entire album is being given away for free via the website MuSwap.com. Currently, the album has been downloaded over 5000 times. Also, the band has personally released over 5000 hard copies of the album in Ontario, Canada to fans at shows for free.
Discography.
EPs.
Track listing for "It's Deja Vu All Over Again" (2009)
Track listing for "3PAC" (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="20016789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016789" title="Blue Train (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)">
Blue Train (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song)

Music video.
The music video for "Blue Train" was directed by Kazuyoshi Oku. The PV premiered on air on "Gogoichi -Space Shower Chart Show-" on November 13, 2005. It displays the band waiting at a metro station for a train. In 2006, the video earned AKG their third consecutive win at the SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards when it won Best Group Video.

</doc>
<doc id="20016807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016807" title="What the Dickens">
What the Dickens

What the Dickens is a television panel game hosted by Sandi Toksvig. Team captains were Dave Gorman and Tim Brooke-Taylor for the first series and Sue Perkins and Chris Addison for the second and third. It is recorded at Sky Studios in West London.
Episodes.
The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the shows:

</doc>
<doc id="20016814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016814" title="Dover-Eyota High School">
Dover-Eyota High School

Dover-Eyota High School is a Public high school located in Eyota, Minnesota. The school serves about 330 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Dover-Eyota School District.
Athletics.
In the fall of 2003 Dover-Eyota High School opened a new gym with a large mural of a bald eagle on the east side.
Dover-Eyota State Team Participants
Arts.
The Dover Eyota High School Band was ranked named a Grammy Signature School Semi-Finalist in 2012 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20016815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016815" title="Giorgio Cornaro">
Giorgio Cornaro

"Nobil Huomo" Giorgio Cornaro, called "Padre della Patria" (Venice, 1452 – Venice, 31 July 1527), Cavaliere del Sacro Romano Impero, Patrizio Veneto, Podestà of Brescia in 1496, Procurator of San Marco.
He was the son of "Nobil Huomo" Marco Cornaro, Cavaliere del Sacro Romano Impero, Patrizio Veneto (Venice, December 1406 - Venice, 1 August 1479) and wife, married in 1444, Fiorenza Crispo (1422 - 1501), daughter of Nicholas Crispo, Lord of Syros, and wife Valenza=Eudokia Komnena. His sister was Catherine Cornaro, Queen of Cyprus.
Married in Venice in 1475 "Nobil Donna" Elisabetta Morosini, Patrizia Veneta, and had issue, called "Cornaro della Regina".

</doc>
<doc id="20016817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016817" title="Grand Lake Lodge">
Grand Lake Lodge

The Grand Lake Lodge was opened in 1920 to serve tourists visiting Rocky Mountain National Park via the Trail Ridge Road, completed the same year. Located in Grand Lake, Colorado, the rustic lodge was founded by Frank Huntington and Roe Emery on land owned by the National Park Service at the edge of the park. The resort was affiliat3e with the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad. In 1963 the lodge owners were able to exchange park inholdings they had acquired for the lands related to the lodge, removing the lodge from the park.
A fire in 1973 closed the lodge for the next seven seasons. After extensive reconstruction and refurnishing, the lodge reopened in 1981. The lodge and its historic district comprise more than 100 structures, including several smaller lodges and many rustic cabins.
References.
After being on the market for several years, Grand Lake Lodge was sold in 2010 to a subsidiary of the Regency Hotel Management Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20016821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016821" title="Ady Berber">
Ady Berber

Ady Berber (4 February 1913 – 3 January 1966) was an Austrian film actor, wrestler and café owner. He appeared in 38 films between 1936 and 1966.
He was born and died in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20016828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016828" title="Thomas Watt">
Thomas Watt

Thomas Watt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20016830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016830" title="Jeetzel">
Jeetzel

The river Jeetzel, which begins in the Altmark under the name Jeetze, flows from Saxony-Anhalt through Lower Saxony, in Germany. From its source near the village of Dönitz, it flows north through Beetzendorf, Salzwedel, Wustrow, Lüchow and Dannenberg, before joining the Elbe in Hitzacker. Its total length is 73 km. 
A left tributary of the Elbe, the Jeetzel has itself several tributaries, including the Salzwedel Dumme and the Wustrow Dumme. The name is Slavic, and means "ash (tree)-stream".
Historically, when the Elbe rose too high, it would flooded the Jeetzel, which flowed "backwards" and flooded the surrounding area. Today, a system of canals prevents such flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="20016849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016849" title="The New Gods (The Tomorrow People)">
The New Gods (The Tomorrow People)

The New Gods is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the British science fiction television series "The Tomorrow People".
Synopsis.
"Homo Superior - the next stage of human evolution. Young people with super powers, dedicated to safeguarding planet Earth. From their secret laboratory deep beneath the streets of London, aided by their super-computer TIM, they watch and wait for others like themselves - and guard against threats to all mankind. They are the Tomorrow People."
When John and Elena discover a new Tomorrow Person, Paul, breaking out, it seems like enough excitement for one day. But why is Paul captivated by media darlings Zane and Katya? Why is John acting strangely - working against TIM and the others? Has some ancient alien power returned to gather new followers from the ranks of today's teenagers?
And are Zane and Katya another couple of celebrity airheads - or something infinitely "more" evil and dangerous?
Plot.
Paul, a new Tomorrow Person is introduced. Two "flavour of the day" media stars turn their audience from fans to worshippers.
Part 1: Extraordinary Popular Delusions
Part 2: And the Madness of Crowds

</doc>
<doc id="20016850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016850" title="Phillipe Nover">
Phillipe Nover

Phillipe J. Nover (born February 3, 1984), is an American mixed martial artist. He is best known for making it to the finals of . He is the current Ring of Combat lightweight champion.
Mixed martial arts career.
Nover was born and raised in Brooklyn. He was born into a Filipino and American family. He trained with Sifu Ralph Mitchell at Universal Defense Systems which covers Filipino Arnis (similar to Filipino Kali/Eskrima), Muay Thai, Kick Boxing, Kung-Fu, Judo, Jeet Kun Do and Savate. He attended Kingsborough Community College and works in a Brooklyn hospital as a registered nurse. Phillipe completed his Bachelor's degree at SUNY Downstate Medical Center. He began training in martial arts at age ten and attended Leon Goldstein High School. Nover holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Alexander "Soca" Freitas. He has been fighting Pro MMA since 2003. Currently Nover has been training at Renzo Gracie Academy in New York City, Edge Wrestling in New Jersey, and Church St. Boxing gym in Tribeca New York under his trainer Jason Strout.
The Ultimate Fighter.
Nover normally fought as a welterweight but since only had an opening for lightweights and light-heavyweights he had to cut weight to be able to participate. Dana White called him "Fainting Phillipe" because he had fainted when White was announcing the coaches. In the preliminary round, Nover defeated Joe Duarte with a rear naked choke in the second round. On episode 8, Nover defeated Dave Kaplan, again via rear naked choke then proclaimed himself as the toughest registered nurse on the planet. In the same episode Dana White mentions that Nover reminds him of a young Georges St. Pierre. Phillipe defeated George Roop in the semi-finals via a kimura lock. Phillipe lost in the Ultimate Finale on December 13, 2008 to Efrain Escudero via unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Phillipe Nover fought Kyle Bradley at UFC 98, losing by a controversial TKO at 1:03 of the first round. After taking down Nover, Bradley landed some heavy punches on his prone opponent. Nover was pulling guard ready to defend, however Referee Yves Lavigne stopped the fight. Lavigne was booed by the crowd for the remainder of the event.
Phillipe Nover was set to fight Sam Stout at Ultimate Fight Night 19, replacing the injured Kyle Bradley. On September 16, 2009, the day of the fight, Nover had fainted. As a result, the match with Stout was cancelled.
Nover then faced a fellow Ultimate Fighter alumni Rob Emerson at UFC 109 on February 6, 2010. Nover lost a controversial unanimous decision. Sherdog.com scored the bout 29-28 in favor of Nover. With a UFC record of 0-3, he was released from the promotion.
Post-UFC.
After being released from the UFC, Nover continued to train MMA in New York and teach at a local mixed martial arts school. Nover took a year off from competing to focus on his coaching and nursing careers. He had a few Muay Thai matches before returning to compete in MMA. He returned to the cage after an 18-month layoff to meet Jake Murphy, a Greg Jackson-trained fighter, at Hoosier Fight Club 8 on August 20, 2011. He replaced the last man to defeat him, Murphy's original opponent, Rob Emerson, who had to pull out of the fight due to injury. Nover won the fight by unanimous decision, 29-28 on all three judges' scorecards.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
A few weeks after his win over Murphy, Nover was signed to fight in Bellator Fighting Championships. His debut came at Bellator 59 against Polish submission ace, Marcin Held. Nover lost via controversial split decision. During the bout, Nover was able to dominate on the stand-up and maintain top position on the ground as well as display strong submission defense. However, two of the three judges score Held's multiple submission attempts. Sherdog.com scored the bout 29-28 in favor of Nover.
Nover faced Derrick Kennington on September 28, 2012 at Bellator 74. He won the fight via submission in the second round. In his third fight for the promotion, Nover faced Darrell Horcher at Bellator 95 on April 4th, 2013. He won via unanimous decision.
Brazilian Jiu-jitsu.
Before his fight with Efrain Escudero, Phillipe was awarded a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by Mundials Bronze winner Alexandre "Soca" Freitas on Dec. 6, 2008. The ceremony took place at the Soca Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in New York. Phillipe has been studying BJJ since he was 17 years old. Nover faced his Ultimate Fighter Season 8 finale opponent Escudero in a submission-only match on November 9, 2013 at the World Jiu-Jitsu Expo; they fought to a draw. In his next match-up, a wrestling match at Grapple at the Garden on December 1, 2013, he was defeated by former UFC lightweight champion Frankie Edgar.

</doc>
<doc id="20016853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016853" title="John Fedevich">
John Fedevich

John Fedevich (born in Massillon, Ohio) is an American drummer and actor. 
Born and raised in Massillon, OH, Fedevich currently lives and works in Las Vegas, NV.
John Fedevich acted in the movie Almost Famous playing the character of Ed Vallencourt, the Stillwater band drummer. He later acted in the movies Vanilla Sky (2001) and Shopgirl (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20016857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016857" title="A1 motorway (Serbia)">
A1 motorway (Serbia)

Motorway A1 in Serbia spans approximately . It crosses the country from north to south, starting at Horgoš border crossing with Hungary and ending with Preševo border crossing with Republic of Macedonia. As a part of the Pan-European corridor X (along with route E70) and connection among Serbian biggest cities it is one of vital highways for Serbian infrastructure, and significant works are undergoing for its reconstruction and enhancement.
Sections.
The highway consists of three major sections: Horgoš–Subotica–Novi Sad–Belgrade (178 km), Belgrade–Niš (237 km) and Niš–Leskovac–Preševo–Macedonian border (152 km). After enhancement works, mostly completed in 2011, the whole Horgoš–Leskovac route is a complete dual carriageway. Enhancement of southern part, financed by Serbian Government and Hellenic Plan is still in progress. Northern and central section are linked through the heart of the city of Belgrade, but completion of the Belgrade bypass will provide a separate transit route.

</doc>
<doc id="20016869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016869" title="Tutto Live">
Tutto Live

Tutto Live is the seventh album, and first live album, by Gianna Nannini. The album was recorded between May and November 1985 at Berlin, Montreux, Siena, Locarno and Dortmund.

</doc>
<doc id="20016872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016872" title="Central Luzon Television">
Central Luzon Television

Central Luzon Television is a regional free TV owned and operated by Central Luzon Broadcasting Corporation, a unit of the Laus Group of Companies, in the Philippines and was launched on March 19, 2007. Its transmitter and studios are located in the City of San Fernando, Pampanga with the power of 10,000 watts. As one of the youngest terrestrial television stations in the Philippines, it was created when Philippine Congress granted a franchise under Republic Act No. 8219 on September 12, 1997 and duly licensed by the NTC dated January 10, 2007.
CLTV 36 focusses on a centralized media coverage, starting off with Pampanga and the provinces of Central Luzon or Region III. These provinces include Nueva Ecija, Bulacan, Bataan, Tarlac, Zambales, Pampanga and Aurora. CLTV can also seen in some areas in Metro Manila, Rizal, Cavite and Laguna via weak signal. CLTV 36 can be seen from 6:30AM to 10 PM (Mondays to Sundays).
CLTV is also the broadcaster of the Giant Lantern Festival every December from 2008.
CLTV station.
-With several cable affiliates in Central Luzon.
Satellite Dish Air

</doc>
<doc id="20016887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016887" title="History of the diesel car">
History of the diesel car

Diesel engines began to be used in automobiles in the 1930s. Mainly used for commercial applications early on, they did not gain popularity for passenger travel until their development in Europe in the 1960s. Diesel cars continue to develop into highly desired, high performance vehicles given their simplicity, their ability to be made environmentally friendly while retaining power and performance.
Early 20th century.
Production diesel car history started in 1933 with Citroën's Rosalie, which featured a diesel engine option (the 1,766 cc 11UD engine) in the Familiale (estate or station wagon) model. The Mercedes-Benz 260D and the Hanomag Rekord were introduced in 1936.
Immediately after World War II, and throughout the 1950s and 1960s, diesel-powered cars began to gain limited popularity, particularly for commercial applications, such as ambulances, taxis, and station wagons used for delivery work. Most were conventional in design. Mercedes-Benz offered a continuous stream of diesel-powered taxis, beginning in 1949 with their 170D powered by the OM-636 engine. Later, in 1959 their OM-621 engine was introduced in the 180D. This 2.0 L engine produced at 4,350 rpm. Beginning in 1959, Peugeot offered the 403D with their TMD-85 four-cylinder engine of 1.8 L and , followed in 1962 by the 404D with the same engine. In 1964, the 404D became available with the improved XD88 four-cylinder engine of 2.0 L and . Other cars available with diesel power during this era included the Austin A60 Cambridge, Isuzu Bellel, Fiat 1400-A, Standard Vanguard, Borgward Hansa, and a few others.
In 1967, Peugeot introduced the world's first compact, high-speed diesel car, the Peugeot 204BD. Its 1.3 L XL4D engine produces at 5,000 rpm. Following the 1970s oil crisis (1973 and 1979), Volkswagen introduced their first diesel, the VW Golf, with a 1.5 L naturally aspirated indirect-injection engine. This was a redesigned (dieselised) version of a petrol engine. Mercedes-Benz tested turbodiesels in cars tested (e.g. by the Mercedes-Benz C111 experimental and record-setting vehicles). The first production turbo diesel cars were, in 1978, the 3.0 5-cylinder 115 hp (86 kW) Mercedes 300 SD, available only in North America, and the Peugeot 604.
The biggest single step forward for mass-market diesel cars came in 1982 when PSA Peugeot Citroën introduced the XUD engine in the Peugeot 305, Peugeot 205 and Talbot Horizon. This was the class leading automotive diesel engine until the mid-1990s. The first mass market turbo diesel was the XUD powered, 1988 Citroën BX and then the 1989 Peugeot 405, they gave power and refinement approaching petrol engine standards, with the best chassis in their class. Diesel Car magazine said of the Citroën BX "We can think of no other car currently on sale in the UK that comes anywhere near approaching the BX Turbo's combination of performance, accommodation and economy". These were the cars that started the diesel boom in Europe that has now hit 50% of the market in new car sales.
Diesels carried a 2.5% share of the European Community market in 1973. Following the fuel crisis, this share increased to 4.1% in 1975. This more than doubled (to 8.6%) by 1980, and by 1983 diesels represented 11% of new car sales in the EU.
Diesel Powered Passenger Cars in North America have been steadily increasing in popularity, especially in the early-mid 2000s. Diesels have typically only been used in trucks and commercial vehicles and buses. Jeep had offered a Perkins Diesel option for it's models in the early 1960s and Chrysler offered them as well although mainly for the European market though some have probably been retrofitted to older AMC and Chrysler models in the US, particularly as taxis. Oldsmobile released a 350 cubic Inch (5.7 Litre) V8 diesel Engine starting in the late 1970s, most Buick, Oldsmobile, Pontiac, Chevrolet and even Cadillac divisions of General Motors, had received this engine by the 1980 model year, and continued to be sold until the engine was discontinued in 1985. Whilst a very good idea at he time, owing to the recent 1979 energy crisis these engines had gained a terrible reputation for reliability. Part of this had to do with the fact that, whilst the engine block itself was indeed a diesel specific design (contrary to most people's belief that it was simply a dieselised version of the famous rocket V8), GM management made significant cost saving measures by using many parts from the gas V8 counterpart which were not up to the task of diesel engine operation, specifically the number and type of head bolts used, and the lack of a water and fuel separator in the fuel line, a big issue as a lot of diesel fuel contained water and also high levels of sulfur at the time. The engine was later revised into the DX block and most of the issues were fixed, a V6 version displacing 4.3 litres and a smaller 4.3 V8 were also offered around this time, mainly for the downsized front-wheel drive models of the mid-1980s and although they were much better in the reliability department, the damage had already been done and the North American diesel car market was severely crippled as a result, despite the best efforts by Mercedes-Benz, Audi, BMW, Peugeot, VW and others in offering they're more refined and powerful diesel engines.
1990s and the present.
Many Audi enthusiasts claim that the Audi 100 TDI was the first turbo charged direct injection diesel sold in 1989, but actually it isn't true, as the Fiat Croma TD-i.d. was sold with turbo direct injection in 1987 and one year later Austin Rover Montego. What was pioneering about the Audi 100, however, was the use of electronic control of the engine, as the Fiat and Austin had Bosch mechanically controlled injection. In the writers experience the Audi 100TDi was very troublesome and the engine code "AAT" is often known as the difficult Audi . The electronic control of direct injection really made a difference in terms of emissions, refinement and power. All earlier generation car direct injection diesel engines benefit greatly from the use of biodiesel fuel, which reduces emissions and greatly improves refinement without engine modifications, provided they use compatible 'Viton' type rubber in their fuel systems.
The diesel car markets are the same ones who pioneered various developments (Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Peugeot/Citroën, Fiat, Alfa Romeo, Volkswagen Group) There were also small diesel engines produced in England by British Leyland and Perkins. For reasons of economy the petrol BMC "B" series engine was dieselised and produced in capacities of 1.5 and 1.8 litres. Perkins produced the 4.99, 4.107 and 4.108 engines all of which were extremely reliable. Later BL produced the five main bearing "O" series engine which was extremely strong. Petrol turbo variants could make 200HP and the engine was ideal for converting to a diesel. In fact, the 1988 Austin-Rover MDi unit (also known as the 'Perkins Prima') was developed by Perkins Engines of Peterborough, who have designed and built high-speed diesels since the 1930s. It is still in production as a marine engine however in the writers opinion timing belts at sea are not a good idea. Engines that rely on timing belts are more suited to inland waterways. It is not easy to make a lightweight and powerful top class diesel engine owing to the immense pressures and heat produced within the engine. These problems were solved by VM Motori of Cento and the engines were apparently so good that Rover, Ford and Jeep bought them. The interesting features of the engines were the tunnel-bore block and separate cylinder heads to allow for expansion. VM engines were marinised by BMW and sold as BMW stern-drive packages. Mercury Marine also used the VM engines. As they have aged in in car applications, they have developed a reputation for blowing head gaskets, due to the separate cylinder head design.
In 1997, the first common rail diesel passenger car was introduced, the Alfa Romeo 156.
In 1998, for the very first time in the history of racing, in the legendary 24 Hours Nürburgring race, a diesel-powered car was the overall winner: the BMW works team 320d, a BMW E36 fitted with modern high-pressure diesel injection technology from Robert Bosch GmbH. The low fuel consumption and long range, allowing 4 hours of racing at once, made it a winner, as comparable petrol-powered cars spent more time refueling.
Chrysler put a VM Motori SpA engine in the Jeep Liberty sport utility vehicle in 2005 and 2006 to assess the American market's interest in modern high performance diesel engines. 
In Spring 2005, Mercedes-Benz unveiled the first application of a mass-produced aluminum block diesel engine for passenger vehicles and commercial use. While aluminum is traditionally considered of inferior strength and temperature resistance to withstand diesel applications, Mercedes engineers made extensive use of CAD/CAM design to arrive at an aluminum block that would meet with Mercedes' testing and reliability standards. First use was in 2006 model-year vehicles in the E-Class sedan and ML-class and GL-class SUVs. Similar in weight () to the five-cylinder it replaced, and considerably lighter than the in-line six-cylinder it also replaced, this 3.0L V-6 produces 165 kW (224 hp) at 3,800 rpm and max torque of 510 Nm (376 ft·lbf) at 1,600-2,800 rpm and makes use of a four-valve head. Additionally, fitment of Mercedes-Benz BlueTec system, a concert of emissions control strategies, renders this new diesel 50-state legal in the U.S. beginning in 2008 (stringent NOx limits have made U.S. passenger-car diesels unpopular or impossible in parts of the U.S. in recent years).
In 2006, the new Audi R10 TDI LMP1 entered by Joest Racing became the first diesel-engined car to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The winning car also bettered the post-1990 course configuration lap record by 1, at 380 laps. However, this fell short of the all-time distance record set in 1971 by over .
The Subaru car company of Japan is preparing to sell its station wagon version of their Legacy mid-size car (called the Subaru Outback in North America) with a 2.0-litre, boxer engine format opposed-four-cylinder diesel engine of power, and of torque, in the United Kingdom. Sales in continental Europe started in 2008.
Today the cars that produce the lowest CO2/km in emissions, lower than hybrids, are the most advanced compact European diesel cars.
Diesel engine vehicle racing.
Although the weight and lower output of a diesel engine tend to keep them away from automotive racing applications, there are many diesels being raced in classes that call for them, mainly in truck racing and tractor pulling, as well in types of racing where these drawbacks are less severe, such as land speed record racing or endurance racing. Even diesel-engined dragsters exist, despite the diesel's drawbacks of weight and low peak rpm, specifications central to performance in this sport. However, in 2006, the new Audi R10 TDI LMP1 entered by Joest Racing became the first diesel-engined car to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Historic.
As early as 1931, Clessie Cummins installed his diesel in the Cummins "Diesel Special" race car, hitting at Daytona and at the Indianapolis 500 race, where Dave Evans became the first driver to complete the Indianapolis 500 without making a single pit stop, completing the full distance on the lead lap and finishing 13th, relying on torque and fuel efficiency to overcome weight and low peak power.
In 1933, a 1925 Bentley with a Gardner 4LW engine was the first diesel-engine car to take part in the Monte Carlo Rally when it was driven by Lord Howard de Clifford. It was the leading British car and finished fifth overall.
In 1952, Fred Agabashian in a Cummins diesel won the pole at the Indianapolis 500 race with a turbocharged 6.6-liter diesel car, setting a record for pole position lap speed, . Don Cummins and his chief engineer Neve Reiners recognized that the low center of gravity of the flat engine configuration (designed to lie beneath the floor of a bus) plus the power advantage gained by the novel use of Elliott turbocharging would be a winning combination.
At the start, a slow pace lap (reportedly less than ) apparently induced what is now referred to as "turbo lag" and badly hampered the throttle response of the Cummins Diesel. Although Agabashian found himself in eighth place before reaching the first turn, he moved up to fifth in a few laps and was running competitively (albeit well back in the field after a tire change) until the badly situated air intake of the car swallowed enough debris from the track to disable the turbocharger at lap 71; he finished 27th.
Modern.
When turbocharged diesel technology made progress in the 1990s and rule makers supported the concept, BMW and Volkswagen raced diesel touring cars, with BMW winning the 1998 24 Hours Nürburgring with a 320d against other factory-entered diesel competition of VW and about 200 normally powered cars, mainly by being able to drive very long stints. Alfa Romeo even organized a racing series with their Alfa Romeo 147 1.9 JTD models.
In 2006, a BMW 120d repeated a similar result, scoring 5th in a field of 220 cars, many of them much more powerful, a significantly stronger competition than in 1998. The VW Dakar Rally race Touareg for 2005 and 2006 are powered by their own line of TDI engines in order to challenge for the first overall diesel win there.
Meanwhile, the five time 24 Hours of Le Mans winner Audi R8 race car was replaced by the Audi R10 TDI in 2006, which is powered by a and V12 TDI common rail diesel engine, mated to a 5-speed gearbox, instead of the 6 used in the R8, to handle the extra torque produced. The gearbox is considered the main problem, as earlier attempts by others failed due to the lack of suitable transmissions that could stand the torque long enough.
After winning the 12 Hours of Sebring in 2006 with their diesel-powered R10 TDI, Audi obtained the overall win at the 2006 24 Hours of Le Mans, too. This is the first time a sports car could compete for overall victories with diesel fuel against cars powered with regular fuel or methanol and bio-ethanol. However, the significance of this is slightly lessened by the fact that the ACO/ALMS race rules encourage the use of alternative fuels such as diesel.
Audi again triumphed at Sebring in 2007. It had both a speed and fuel economy advantage over the entire field including the Porsche RS Spyders, gasoline powered purpose-built race cars. Audi's diesels won again the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans, against competition coming from the Peugeot 908 HDi FAP diesel powered racer.
In 2006, the JCB Dieselmax broke the diesel land speed record posting an average speed of over . The vehicle used "two diesel engines that have a combined total of 1,500 horsepower (1120 kilowatts). Each is a 4-cylinder, 4.4-liter engine used commercially in a backhoe loader." 
In the 2008 BTCC, Jason Plato and Darren Turner are racing factory sponsored SEAT Leon TDI with some success against a variety of gasoline powered competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20016888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016888" title="Harry Wüstenhagen">
Harry Wüstenhagen

Harry Wüstenhagen (11 January 1928 – 11 December 1999) was a German film actor. He appeared in 45 films between 1953 and 1988.
He was born in Berlin, Germany and died in Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20016892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016892" title="Mata Ki Chowki">
Mata Ki Chowki

Mata ki Chowki is a daily soap on the Hindi channel Sahara One that started airing from June 9, 2008. It is about a girl called Vaishnavi who is a great devotee of Mata Vaishno Devi.
Synopsis.
"Mata ki Chowki" is a story of a girl called Vaishnavi, an adopted child of Pandit Vidyasagar and his wife Shraddha. After two years, her mother, Shraddha, dies giving birth to Sunakshi.
From the early age of six, Vaishnavi develops immense interest and faith in “Ma Vaishno Devi”. She starts showing signs of being a super-normal child. She preaches about Mata, sings Jagrata, motivates people to follow Mata and rescues people from pain and misery.
The story takes a twist when Sunakshi runs away with her lover at the time of her marriage with Vansh. And this ends up Vaishnavi marrying Vansh and throwing herself into an unfamiliar world. Here, Vaishnavi meets Sheel Kumar (father-in-law), the evil force who takes advantage of her devotion towards Mata Vaishno Devi and her ability to motivate people

</doc>
<doc id="20016924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016924" title="Clouded Hills">
Clouded Hills

Clouded Hills is an historical novel by the American writer Elizabeth Moorhead (1865–1955) set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from the 1880s to the 1900s (decade).
It tells the story of Alison Cuddy, daughter of a Pittsburgh steel magnate, as she negotiates the grim landscape of an industrial city and her Presbyterian community and strives for a better life of culture and art.
External links.
bookdepository.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="20016926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016926" title="Lagori">
Lagori

Lagori, dikori or lagoori (Persian: هفت‌سنگ (""), meaning "seven stones"), also known as "lingocha", widely played in South India, is a game played between two teams in an unlimited area involing a ball and a pile of flat stones. A member of one team (the "seekers") throws a soft ball at a pile of stones to knock them over. Then the seekers try to restore the pile of stones while the opposing team (the "hitters") throws the ball at them. If the ball touches a seeker, he is out and his team continues without him. But a team member can always safeguard himself by touching the opposite team member before the ball hits him.
Additional rules.
These additional rules make the game even more interesting.
Alternative names in India.
In other parts of the country, the same game is known by the name of "lingorchya" (Maharashtra), "pitthu" (Haryana and northern Rajasthan), "sitoliya" (Rajasthan), or "satodiyu" (Gujarat). In Andhra Pradesh, logori is played with 7 stones and is called "yedu penkulata", "dikori" or "pittu". In Kerala it is known as "dabba kali" (and played using a ball made of coconut leaves) and in Tamil Nadu as "ezhu kallu".

</doc>
<doc id="20016930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016930" title="Joachim Splichal">
Joachim Splichal

Joachim Splichal is a celebrity chef based in Los Angeles, California. In 1991 he was declared “Best California Chef” by the James Beard Foundation. Four years later in 1995 he was inducted into their “Who’s Who of Food & Beverage in America". Splichal is best known for his fine dining restaurant Patina located in the Walt Disney Concert Hall (formerly on Melrose Avenue), his chain of Pinot restaurants and the Patina Catering company.
Early life.
Joachim Splichal was born and raised in Spaichingen, Germany. At age 18 he began in the hotel industry, working at leading hotels in Canada, Morocco, Israel, Sweden, Norway and Switzerland. In his early twenties he moved to France to start his culinary training, working as a saucier at La Bonne Auberge, a Michelin-starred restaurant in Antibes in southeastern France. At age 23 Splichal was hired as a sous chef by Jacques Maximin to work at the Chantecler restaurant in the Hotel Negresco in Nice. Maximin became Splichal’s mentor and during this period he began to win many culinary awards, including the "Youngest and Most Creative Chef" title from the Cercle Epicurean Society.
Culinary experience in the U.S..
Splichal moved to the United States with only a few belongings in 1981 to serve as Executive Chef at the Regency Club in Los Angeles. In the years that followed he worked at the Seventh Street Bistro and began Max Au Triangle. Splichal opened Patina in 1989 in Hollywood with his wife Christine, an international business expert. Patina relocated to the Walt Disney Concert Hall in 2003. 
Food.
Splichal’s specialties are French cuisine and California Cuisine. Menu items at Patina include grilled hamachi belly, “minute poached” live spot prawn, and New York strip steak. Splichal’s Pinot brand of restaurants offer signature dishes such as rosemary marinated quail, Arctic char with braised celery root and Piemontese tortelloni. 

</doc>
<doc id="20016958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016958" title="Hans Paetsch">
Hans Paetsch

Hans Paetsch (7 December 1909 – 3 February 2002) was a German actor. He appeared in 52 films between 1939 and 2002. He is most notable for his voice acting, especially as a narrator of fairy tales and audio dramas.
He was born in Altmünsterol, Germany (now Montreux-Vieux, France) and died in Hamburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20016962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016962" title="Charles Kuwasseg">
Charles Kuwasseg

Charles Euphrasie Kuwasseg (1838, Draveil, Essonne – 1904) was a French painter of the 19th century. He essentially specialized in landscape paintings. His father, Karl Joseph Kuwasseg, was an Austrian born in Trieste on March 16, 1802, and also a renowned painter. His father left for Paris, and took the French nationality. He died in Paris in January 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="20016971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016971" title="İsmet Miroğlu">
İsmet Miroğlu

İsmet Miroğlu (1944–1997) was a Turkish academic. He was a full professor at the Department of History of İstanbul University.
Professor Miroğlu was born in Bayburt province of Turkey. He was graduated from the Department of History of İstanbul University in 1969 and recruited as a research assistant within the same department. In 1974 he gained a degree of doctor of history (Ph.D) by his dissertation titled "The Sandjak of Bayburt in the 16. Century" ("16. Yüzyılda Bayburt Sancağı", in Turkish). In 1981, Miroğlu became an associate professor of history by his dissertation on the Sandjak of Kemah. In 1989 he became a full professor.
Between 13 May 1987 and 31 December 1990, Professor İsmet Miroğlu was the Director General of the Turkish State Archives which is an institution attached to the Prime Ministry of the Republic of Turkey. He led the modernization and re-organization of state archives which cover both the Ottoman and the Republic periods of Turkey.
On 31 December 1990 he left his position at the State Archives and returned to the academic life at the Istanbul University. Besides his academic career, he was the founder and consultant of a monthly history journal in Turkish which was titled ""Tarih ve Medeniyet"" (History and Civilization). The first issue of this journal was published in March 1994.
Professor İsmet Miroğlu died on 23 October 1997, after a cancer treatment, in İstanbul.
As to keep his memory alive, BKY-Babıali Kültür Yayıncılığı, a publishing house based in İstanbul, published a book on behalf of Miroğlu which is titled ""Bin Atlının Akınları"" (Campaigns of 1000 Cavaliers). The book collects some short articles of Professor Miroğlu on the Ottoman history.

</doc>
<doc id="20016989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20016989" title="Sutton Island (Nunavut)">
Sutton Island (Nunavut)

Sutton Island is located in northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It is situated in the Dolphin and Union Strait immediately next to Liston/Listen Island. Rymer Point and Simpson Bay, on Victoria Island's Wollaston Peninsula are to the northeast. Bernard Harbour, on the mainland, is to the southwest, as is Chantrey Island.
The island is the ancestral home of Puiplirmiut (or Puiblirmiut)
and Noahonirmiut, Copper Inuit subgroups.

</doc>
<doc id="20017026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017026" title="Dehn function">
Dehn function

In the mathematical subject of geometric group theory, a Dehn function, named after Max Dehn, is an optimal function associated to a finite group presentation which bounds the "area" of a "relation" in that group (that is a freely reduced word in the generators representing the identity element of the group) in terms of the length of that relation (see pp. 79–80 in ). The growth type of the Dehn function is a quasi-isometry invariant of a finitely presented group. The Dehn function of a finitely presented group is also closely connected with non-deterministic algorithmic complexity of the word problem in groups. In particular, a finitely presented group has solvable word problem if and only if the Dehn function for a finite presentation of this group is recursive (see Theorem 2.1 in ). The notion of a Dehn function is motivated by isoperimetric problems in geometry, such as the classic isoperimetric inequality for the Euclidean plane and, more generally, the notion of a filling area function that estimates the area of a minimal surface in a Riemannian manifold in terms of the length of the boundary curve of that surface.
History.
The idea of an isoperimetric function for a finitely presented group goes back to the work of Max Dehn in 1910s. Dehn proved that the word problem for the standard presentation of the fundamental group of a closed oriented surface of genus at least two is solvable by what is now called Dehn's algorithm. A direct consequence of this fact is that for this presentation the Dehn function satisfies Dehn("n") ≤ "n". This result was extended in 1960s by Martin Greendlinger to finitely presented groups satisfying the C'(1/6) small cancellation condition. The formal notion of an isoperimetric function and a Dehn function as it is used today appeared in late 1980s – early 1990s together with the introduction and development of the theory of word-hyperbolic groups. In his 1987 monograph "Hyperbolic groups" Gromov proved that a finitely presented group is word-hyperbolic if and only if it satisfies a linear isoperimetric inequality, that is, if and only if the Dehn function of this group is equivalent to the function "f"("n") = "n". Gromov's proof was in large part informed by analogy with filling area functions for compact Riemannian manifolds where the area of a minimal surface bounding a null-homotopic closed curve is bounded in terms of the length of that curve.
The study of isoperimetric and Dehn functions quickly developed into a separate major theme in geometric group theory, especially since the growth types of these functions are natural quasi-isometry invariants of finitely presented groups. One of the major results in the subject was obtained by Sapir, Birget and Rips who showed that most "reasonable" time complexity functions of Turing machines can be realized, up to natural equivalence, as Dehn functions of finitely presented groups.
Formal definition.
Let
be a finite group presentation where the "X" is a finite alphabet and where "R" ⊆ "F"("X") is a finite set of cyclically reduced words.
Area of a relation.
Let "w" ∈ "F"("X") be a "relation" in "G", that is, a freely reduced word such that "w" = 1 in "G". Note that this is equivalent to saying that is, "w" belongs to the normal closure of "R" in "F"("X"), that is, there exists a representation of "w" as 
where "m" ≥ 0 and where "ri" ∈ "R"± 1 for "i" = 1, ..., "m".
For "w" ∈ "F"("X") satisfying "w" = 1 in "G", the "area" of "w" with respect to (∗), denoted Area("w"), is the smallest "m" ≥ 0 such that there exists a representation (♠) for "w" as the product in "F"("X") of "m" conjugates of elements of "R"± 1.
A freely reduced word "w" ∈ "F"("X") satisfies "w" = 1 in "G" if and only if the loop labeled by "w" in the presentation complex for "G" corresponding to (∗) is null-homotopic. This fact can be used to show that Area("w") is the smallest number of 2-cells in a van Kampen diagram over (∗) with boundary cycle labelled by "w".
Isoperimetric function.
An "isoperimetric function" for a finite presentation (∗) is a monotone non-decreasing function
such that whenever "w" ∈ "F"("X") is a freely reduced word satisfying "w" = 1 in "G", then
where |"w"| is the length of the word "w".
Dehn function.
Then the "Dehn function" of a finite presentation (∗) is defined as

</doc>
<doc id="20017065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017065" title="Baljci">
Baljci

Baljci is an uninhabited village in the Dalmatian hinterland, southeast of Knin in the Šibenik-Knin County. Baljci lies underneath the Svilaja mountain and near the source of the river Čikola.
History.
The population of the municipality was 470 in 1991, with 453 (96.38%) declaring themselves Serbs. The village was part of the Drniš municipality before the Yugoslav Wars. As a Serbian village, it became part of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. Since Operation Storm the village of Baljci is uninhabited, with its former residents and their descendants scattered all over the world, with significant concentrations in Šid (Serbia), Oxford (United Kingdom), Hagen (Germany), as well as some in the USA and Australia.
Culture.
The village "krsna slava" (Serbian Orthodox patron saint veneration) was that of St. John the Baptist (Jovanjdan), on July 7. The Serbian Orthodox Cathedral of St. John the Baptist was built in 1730.
A Greek Catholic (Uniate) church of the Eparchy of Križevci was built some time after 1832, but it was burnt down by Chetnik forces in 1942.
Anthropology.
Families.
Families that lived in the village prior to 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20017083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017083" title="Colin Furze">
Colin Furze

Colin Furze is a plumber, stuntman and filmmaker from Stamford, England. He is the Guinness World Record holder for the World's Largest Bonfire, World's Longest Motorbike, Fastest Mobility Scooter, and Fastest Stroller.
He is also credited with creating a home made "Wall of Death" with some friends.
On 13 March 2010, Furze uploaded a video to YouTube of his converted scooter. This had a flame thrower on the back which could shoot flames up to 15 ft in the air. On 25 March 2010, Furze was arrested by Lincolnshire Police, for possessing an object converted into a firearm, however, was released on bail without charge until 6 May 2010. This was Furze's third attempt, as the first did not ignite and the second burst into flames.
On 14 October 2010, it was announced that Furze had converted a mobility scooter which can reach 71 mph to try to enter the Guinness Book of Records. It took him nearly three months to build and has a 125cc motorcycle engine.
He appears as one of the experts on Gadget Geeks, the Sky1 series that focuses on technology and gadgets, that aired in January 2012.
On 10 October 2012, Furze posted a video showing a pram fitted with an engine which if travels over 30 mph will make it the world's fastest pram.

</doc>
<doc id="20017099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017099" title="Ákos Ráthonyi">
Ákos Ráthonyi

Ákos Ráthonyi (26 March 1908 – 6 January 1969) was a Hungarian film director and screenwriter. He directed 42 films between 1936 and 1968.
He was born in Budapest, Hungary and died in Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20017131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017131" title="Leroy, Alabama">
Leroy, Alabama

Leroy is a census-designated place located in Washington County, Alabama, around north of Mobile. As of the 2010 census, its population was 911.

</doc>
<doc id="20017154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017154" title="Kauffman House (Grand Lake, Colorado)">
Kauffman House (Grand Lake, Colorado)

The Kauffman House is a rustic log house in Grand Lake, Colorado that functioned as a hotel from its construction in 1892 to 1973. It was built by Ezra Kauffman, a local prospector, trapper and builder of log structures who operated it as a hotel until his death in 1920 at age 71. It was then operated as a summer hotel by his widow and daughters until World War II. 
The log structure is built of timber cut, sawn and hauled by Ezra Kauffman. The logs were sawn on three sides and left rounded on the outside. Inside walls were lined with metal and a muslin facing, with wallpaper pasted to the fabric in most rooms, with colored fabric left exposed in some rooms. Oilcloth was used on the kitchen walls and ceiling. The logs were laid on a stone foundation. Gables are finished in fish-scale shingles. The house featured an indoor water supply fed from a galvanized tank in the attic, which was filled from a hand pump at the lakeshore. Water was hauled by hand in the winter.
In 1946 the Kauffmans sold the house to Henry Rhone who operated it until 1973, when the Grand Lake Historical Society purchased the house for use as a museum. It is the only pre-20th century log hotel remaining in Grand Lake.
The Kauffman House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20017155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017155" title="Lara Honos-Webb">
Lara Honos-Webb

Lara Honos-Webb, Ph.D., is the author of several books on ADHD. She is a practicing clinical psychologist, licensed in California. She is well known for her distinctive reframing of mental illnesses that are commonly conceived as detrimental, into gifts that offer exceptional strengths. She is unique in her use of radical self-acceptance in her treatment.
Biography.
Dr. Honos-Webb was born in Detroit, Michigan. In 2001 she completed her postdoctoral fellowship at the University of California San Francisco. She received her Ph.D. in 1999 from Miami University after graduating from The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor with highest honors and as a Phi Beta Kappa scholar.
She decided to pursue post-doctoral work at the University of California, San Francisco to broaden her mastery of all mainstream treatment modalities so she could expertly combine across narrow theories, thereby integrating the most effective treatments from diverse schools of thought. 
Dr. Honos-Webb has taught graduate students and lectured nationally and internationally on her strength-based approach. Dr. Honos-Webb specializes in the treatment of ADHD and depression and the psychology of pregnancy and motherhood and practices in Walnut Creek, CA.
Author.
Dr. Honos-Webb is the author of "Listening to Depression" (New Harbinger, 2006), "The Gift of ADHD"(New Harbinger, 2005), "The Gift of ADHD Activity Book" (New Harbinger, 2008), and "The Gift of Adult ADD" (New Harbinger, 2008). 
Dr. Honos-Webb has also published over 25 articles for magazines, professional journals, and the general public on a variety of subject. Her articles have been featured in "Newsweek" and "Wall Street Journal."

</doc>
<doc id="20017158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017158" title="1995 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1995 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Renzo Furlan was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Gilbert Schaller won the title, defeating Álbert Costa 6–4, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20017176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017176" title="Snowden Hall (Laurel, Maryland)">
Snowden Hall (Laurel, Maryland)

Snowden Hall is a historic home located on the grounds of the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center, outside Laurel in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It stands on open rolling ground approximately ¾-mile west of the Patuxent River. 
History.
Snowden Hall is a two-story Georgian brick house and was the home of three generations of the Snowden family. The parcel of land on which it stands was the nucleus of the Snowden family plantation.
The original Snowden Hall was constructed by Richard Snowden in the 18th century. The site is a portion of a land grant from King Charles II. Sometime between 1812 and 1816 the Hall burned and was rebuilt as "Rose Cottage." Rose Cottage was subsequently raised to a full two stories in the 1850s.
It was purchased and renovated for government use in 1936, first as apartments and later as an office building. The low flanking wings were built at that time using bricks from the recently purchased pre-civil war Duvall plantation house "Gladswood" on the southern section of the research center lands.

</doc>
<doc id="20017197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017197" title="World Apart">
World Apart

Music video.
The music video for "World Apart" was directed by Nobuyuki Matsukawa, with planning by Atsushi Masachika and Satoshi Iwashita.

</doc>
<doc id="20017211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017211" title="Hellions of Troy">
Hellions of Troy

Hellions of Troy Roller Derby (HoTRD) is a women's flat track roller derby league based in the Capital District in New York. They are full members of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association and play under the association's rules. The Hellions of Troy are dedicated to making the sport as fast, strategic, and gripping as possible. They are 100 percent skater owned and operated, with members running all aspects of league management, including bout production, coaching, public relations, and merchandising.
The Hellions of Troy Roller Derby League consists of both an A team and a B team, the Hellions and the Herculadies respectively. The Herculadies made their debut in the 2012 season.
Record.
2013 season.
'"Hellions (A) Interleague: 2W|6L
Herculadies (B) Interleague: 0W|4L"' 
November 9th – Home vs Jersey Shore Roller Girls (Asbury Park, NJ)
Hellions 351 Jersey Shore 160
October 26th – Away vs Brandywine Roller Girls (Downington, PA)
Hellions 117 Brandywine 282
October 26th – Away vs Gotham Girls Roller Derby Grand Central Terminators (New York, NY)
Hellions 81 Gotham 423
October 12th – Home vs Chautauqua County Babes of Wrath (Russell, PA)
Herculadies 145 Babes of Wrath 212
September 29th – Away vs Hudson Valley Horrors Roller Derby (Hyde Park, NY)
Hellions 159 Hudson Valley 142
July 13th – Herculadies vs Enchanted Mountain (Olean, NY)
Herculadies 135 Enchanted Mountain 298
June 29th-30th – East Coast Derby Extravaganza (Philadelphia, PA)
Hellions 156 River City Rollergirls 209 (Richmond, VA)
Hellions 194 Lowcountry Highrollers 215 (Charleston, SC)
June 1- Away vs the Lumber Jills (Plattsburgh, NY) 
Herculadies 47 Lumber Jills 309
April 13- Home vs the Lumber Jills (Plattsburgh, NY)
Herculadies 170 Lumber Jills 197
March 23- Away vs Roc City Roller Derby (Rochester, NY)
Hellions 126 Roc City 306
March 2 – Home vs Green Mountain Derby Dames Grade A Fancies (Essex Junction, VT)
Hellions 110 GMDD 228
2012 season.
'"Hellions (A) Interleague: 1W|8L
Herculadies (B) Interleague: 5W|1L
Empire Skate Showdown: 1W|1L"'
November 10 – Home vs Assault City (Syracuse, NY)
Herculadies 142 Battery Brigade 88
October 13 – Home vs Pair O Dice (Wilbraham, MA)
Herculadies 218 Pair O’ Dice City Rollers 140
September 1 – Empire Skate Showdown 3
Hellions of Troy 67 ACRD Assault Squad 92 (Syracuse, NY)
Hellions 97 Plattsburgh North Country Lumber Jills 80 (Plattsburgh, NY)
August 18 Away vs New Hampshire Roller Derby (Manchester, NH) 
Herculadies 85 Queen City Cherry Bombs 201
August 4 Away vs. Ithaca (Ithaca, NY)
Hellions 114 SufferJets 202
July 21 Home vs Long Island (Long Island, NY)
Hellions 191 Long Island Roller Rebels 154
July 7 Away vs. Assault City (Syracuse, NY)
Hellions 94 ACRD Assault Squad 223
Herculadies 202 Battery Brigade 58
June 16 Home vs. the Lumber Jills (Plattsburgh, NY)
Herculadies 157 Plattsburgh North Country Lumber Jills 126
June 9 Away vs. CTRollerGirls (Stamford, CT)
Hellions 69 Stepford Sabotage 260 (CTRG)
June 2 Away vs CNYRD Wonder Brawlers (Rome, NY)
Herculadies 183 Wonder Brawlers 95 (CNY)
May 12 – Away vs. Rideau Valley Roller Girls (Ottawa, Ontario)
Hellions 74 Slaughter Daughters 241
April 28 Home vs Providence Roller Derby Killah Bees (Providence, RI)
Hellions 169 Killah Bees 177
March 17 – Home vs Assault City (Syracuse, NY)
Hellions 154 Assault City 160
February 25 Away vs. Suburbia Roller Derby (Yonkers, NY)
Hellions 75 Suburbia 250
January 29 Away vs. Green Mountain Derby Dames (Essex Junction, VT)
Hellions 138 GMDD 141
2011 season.
Interleague: 10W|3L
Empire Skate Showdown: 2W|2L (third place)
November 5, 2011 Home vs. Hudson Valley Horrors Roller Derby (Hyde Park, NY)
Hellions 162 HVH 58
September 24, 2011 Home vs. Maine Roller Derby’s Calamity Janes (Portland, ME)
Hellions 201 Maine 109
September 3, 2011 Empire Skate Showdown Strikes Back hosted by the Long Island Roller Rebels
Hellions 67 Hudson Valley Horrors 40 
Hellions 74 Roc City 71
Hellions 32 Central New York 86
Hellions 23 Gotham Girls’ Wall Street Traitors 115
August 6, 2011 Home vs. Garden State Rollergirls (Newark, NJ)
Hellions 154 GSR 98
July 23, 2011 Away vs. Roc City (Rochester, NY)
Hellions 85 Roc City 89
July 9, 2011 Away vs. CT RollerGirl’s Yankee Brutals (Stamford, CT)
Hellions 134 Yankee Brutals 68
July 2, 2011 Away vs. Watertown (Watertown, NY)
Hellions 188 Watertown 78
June 11, 2011 Away vs. Montreal’s Les Filles du Roi (Montreal, QC)
Hellions 112 Montreal 134
June 4, 2011 Home vs. Skyland Rollergirls (Knowlton, NJ)
Hellions 106 Skyland 93
May 14, 2011 Away vs. Garden State Rollergirls (Newark, NJ)
Hellions 183 GSR 72
April 23, 2011 Away vs. Utica Rollergirls (Utica, NY)
Hellions 162 URG 69
March 5, 2011 Home vs. Providence Roller Derby – Killah Bees (Providence, RI)
Hellions 54 Killah Bees 211
February 19, 2011 Away vs. Green Mountain Derby Dames – Black Ice Brawlers (Essex Junction, VT)
Hellions 164 GMDD 30
February 5, 2011 Home vs. Oz Roller Girls (Oswego, NY)
Hellions 171 OZRG 90
January 15, 2011 Home vs. Nickel City Knockouts (Buffalo, NY)
Hellions 130 NCKO 121
2010 season.
July 24, 2010 Home vs. ManchVegas Roller Girls (Manchester, NH)
Hellions 139 ManchVegas 44 
June 12, 2010 Away vs. Calamity Janes (Portland, ME)
ME 157 Hellions 85 
May 8, 2010 Away vs. Utica Roller Girls
Utica Roller Girls 205 Hellions 99 
April 3, 2010 Away vs. Central New York Roller Derby (Utica, NY)
Central NY Roller Derby 97 Hellions 71 
2009 season.
August 15, 2009 Home vs Coal City Rollers Breaker Babes (Wilkes-Barre, PA) Hellions 95 Breaker Babes 157
July 18, 2009 Home vs. Rideau Valley Roller Girls Slaughter Daughters (Ottawa, ON) Hellions 86 Slaughter Daughters 117
June 20, 2009 Home vs. Long Island Roller Rebels B-Team (Massapequa, NY) Hellions 79 LIRR 168
June 6, 2009 Home vs. Assault City Roller Derby (Syracuse, NY) Hellions 109 ACRD 89
May 16, 2009 Away vs. Green Mountain Derby Dames (Essex Junction, VT) Hellions 93 Green Mountain 121
May 9, 2009 Home vs. Utica Roller Girls (Utica, NY) Hellions 166 Utica Roller Girls 159
February 15, 2009 Home vs. Ice Queens (Ithaca/Syracuse pickup team) Hellions 102 Ice Queens 131
2008 season.
December 7, 2008 Home vs. Green Mountain Derby Dames Hellions 182 Green Mountain 92
October 11, 2008 Away vs. Ithaca League of Women Rollers SufferJets (Ithaca, NY) @ Cass Park Hellions 96 SufferJets 115 
History.
The Hellions formed in 2008 and spent the winter practicing and bouting at the Fun Spot in Glens Falls. Negotiations for the Hellions 2009 summer season at the Glens Falls Civic Center began in October 2008 and continued through the Hellions' December bout against the Green Mountain Derby Dames and into 2009. In March 2009, the league announced its inaugural six-bout season in Troy, NY. The Hellions currently skate at Rollarama Skating Center in Rotterdam, NY. 
In October 2011, the Hellions became an apprentice member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association, and it became a full member in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20017262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017262" title="Bugle calls of the Norwegian Army">
Bugle calls of the Norwegian Army

The Norwegian Army had in 2002 officially 59 bugle calls (unofficially 60 if one includes the Valdres Battalion call which is the baseline tune for the Valdres March). These are divided into two groups; 
History of the bugle calls.
Bugle calls have in history been used to relay orders over distances or to large formation of troops. 
Some of the traditions of the Norwegian Armed Forces have their roots from either the personal union with Denmark or Sweden. This is also true when it comes to bugle calls, E.g. the bugle call for "Troop" is in Norway and Sweden identical. But due to Norwegian history and historical trade routes with the United Kingdom and The Netherlands some bugle calls have been borrowed and incorporated into the Norwegian Armed Forces, e.g. the bugle call "Parade" is identical to the same bugle call in Sweden, and identical "to the colours" in the United States. 
With the rise of Norwegian nationalism from 1814 to 1905 composers like Johannes Hanssen wrote new bugle calls based on old Norwegian folk tunes.
One such example is the Unit call for the Valdres Battalion, which is also the baseline tune for the more known Valdres March.
Today, the bugle calls are primarily used for ceremonial functions such as flag hoist/lowering, change of commands, military burials, religious service, etc.
Bugle calls – “Orders”.
The Norwegian Army maintains the following “order” bugle calls:
"Revelje - Revellie" 
This bugle is used to awaken the troops and prepare for morning inspection or roll call.
"Spisesignal - Mess call" 
This bugle call give notice that a meal is ready to be served. 
"Oppstilling - Formation – first call" 
This bugle call orders to assemble for formations.
"Flaggappell – Flag hoist/lower" 
This bugle call gives notice to all personnel that the national flag (Flag of Norway) is being hoisted/lowered and to stand to attention and render honours.
"Tropp – Troop" 
This bugle call orders troop formations to take up positions, or that the battalion/regimental colours / Flag of Norway is to be brought in front of the troop formation for parade.
"Vaktombytte – Changing of the guards" 
This bugle call is sounded during changing of the guards ceremony to signal that the new guard has taken up its post and the old guard has been dismissed. 
"Tappenstrek – Taps" 
This bugle call orders that all activities are to cease for the night. Historically it is linked to the Dutch words "tap den doe" that is translated as “plug the barrel”, indicating that the serving of alcohol to soldiers was to end and return to base. The word “tattoo” derives from this word.
"Rosignal – Lights out" 
This bugle call orders all non essential lights are to be put out. 
"Appell – Ruffells" 
This bugle call is to announce the entrance of high-ranking officers from the rank of brigadier up to full general. A ruffell is repeated according to the rank number of stars 
"Parademarsj – Parade march" 
This bugle call give notice either to the entrance/attendance of His Majesty the King or to alert soldiers to give their attention and honour the colours as they are presented formally in slow march in front of a formation.
"Bønn – Prayer – Remembrance" 
This bugle call orders all services are to be stopped for prayer, religious services or is used for mark an act of remembrance in the same way as “taps” in the USA or “Last post” in the UK and Commonwealth. It can be played by bugle alone or in combination with a drum beat.
"Fremad Marsj – Forward March" 
This bugle call orders the unit to advance at normal pace
"Holdt – Halt" 
This bugle call orders the unit to stop
"Innrykkning – charge" 
This bugle call orders the unit to charge a position and take it.
"Alarm" – This bugle call indicates that the unit is to stand to.
"Flyalarm – Air raid alarm" 
This bugle call signals that an air raid is imminent.
"Panseralarm – Tank/panzer alarm" 
This bugle call alerts an attack by armored units.
"Ild – Start firing" 
This bugle call orders units to open fire.
References.
Bugle call

</doc>
<doc id="20017266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017266" title="Modesto Bearcats">
Modesto Bearcats

The Modesto Bearcats joined the ABA in June, 2008. The Bearcats will begin play in the upcoming season. They are owned by John Stamos.

</doc>
<doc id="20017267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017267" title="Preben Philipsen">
Preben Philipsen

Preben Philipsen (18 January 1910 – 21 September 2005) was a Danish film producer. He produced 41 films between 1949 and 1975.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Klampenborg, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20017274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017274" title="Fernando De Luca">
Fernando De Luca

Fernando De Luca (born in Rome in 1961) is an Italian harpsichordist, teacher and composer.
He studied harpsichord with Paola Bernardi.
He is the most famous harpsichordist over the Internet, very popular especially in the United Kingdom and United States of America, due to his acclaimed efforts to perform and record, for the first time in the history, the Handel’s Complete Harpsichord Compositions. He is also the first to have transcribed and recorded a number of orchestral pieces to the harpsichord, including the "Sixty Complete Ouvertures" from the Handel’s Operas and Oratorios. A large number of his performances is freely available on an increasing number of specialized Ancient Music web sites.
He approached the study of counterpoint and the art of improvisation with Mons. Domenico Bartolucci, who was Maestro di Cappella for the Cappella Sistina in the Vatican.
De Luca is a member of Vox Saeculorum, a society of composers working in early historical styles, whose founded by Grant Colburn, Roman Turovsky et al. De Luca is also a member of the Period Instruments Orchestra “Accademia Barocca di Santa Cecilia” as keyboard soloist and basso continuo player.
http://www.saladelcembalo.org/==Bibliography==

</doc>
<doc id="20017275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017275" title="Tsai Duei">
Tsai Duei

Tsai Duei () is a politician who served as the Minister of Transportation and Communications of the Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20017285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017285" title="The Who Collection">
The Who Collection

The Who Collection is a two-volume compilation album series by The Who, released in 1985. It is notable for containing one of the few compact disc appearances of the extended version of "Magic Bus."
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20017305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017305" title="The Acoustic Album (compilation)">
The Acoustic Album (compilation)

The Acoustic Album is a 2-disc compilation album released by EMI/Virgin Records in July 2006 to showcase songs heard on Virgin Radio.
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20017317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017317" title="Saúl González Herrera">
Saúl González Herrera

Saúl González Herrera (14 November 1915, in Vicente Guerrero, Chihuahua – 22 October 2006, in Chihuahua, Chihuahua)
was a Mexican lawyer and politician, affiliated with the Revolutionary Institutional Party (PRI). He served as Governor of Chihuahua from 1985 to 1986.
Saúl González Herrera had extensive experience in Chihuahua state politics. He served as Rector of the Autonomous University of Chihuahua from 1959 to 1962, served in the federal Chamber of Deputies during the 46th Congress (1964 to 1967), and was General Director of the state-controlled corporation Productos Forestales de la Tarahumara (PROFORTARAH)
In 1980 Governor Óscar Ornelas appointed him State Treasurer; following Ornelas's forced resignation from the governorship on 19 September 1985, González Herrera was appointed interim governor to complete his six-year mandate
During González's period as governor, the 1986 state election was held, which saw Francisco Barrio Terrazas of the National Action Party (PAN) compete against Fernando Baeza Meléndez of the PRI; 
the official result was a victory for the latter, but suspicions of electoral fraud marred the election and Baeza Meléndez's time in office.
Saúl González was elected to the Senate for the period 1988–94, representing Chihuahua for the PRI.
In 1994 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies for Chihuahua's Fifth District to serve during the 56th Congress.
At the end of his senatorial period, he returned to his private practice as a notary public. He died on 22 October 2006 in the city of Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="20017318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017318" title="Washington Initiative 872">
Washington Initiative 872

Initiative 872 was an Initiative to the People in 2004 that replaced the "Montana Primary" being used in Washington State with a Top-two nonpartisan blanket primary. The Initiative was challenged in court up to the United States Supreme Court, which upheld the Top-Two primary.
Background.
The blanket primary in Washington State was started by an Initiative to the Legislature filed in 1934 and passed in 1935. The political parties in Washington tried numerous times to have an open or closed primary system implemented, and even filed a lawsuit that was decided by the Washington State Supreme Court in 1936. The state was represented in that lawsuit by Warren Magnuson.
The political parties in Washington State filed another lawsuit against it in 2000 when the blanket primary in California was overturned by California Democratic Party v. Jones, and won the case.
The Washington State Legislature passed a new primary system in 2004, which would have created a new "Top Two" primary system, with an Open primary as a backup, giving the Governor the option to choose. The Secretary of State, Sam Reed advocated for the Top Two, but on April 1, 2004, the Governor used the line-item veto to activate the Open primary instead.
The 2004 campaign.
Initiative 872 was filed on January 8, 2004 by Terry Hunt from the Washington Grange. The language of the ballot measure summary was:
This measure proposes a new system for conducting primaries for partisan offices. This proposal continues current practice of permitting voters to vote for any candidate for any office in primary and general elections, without limitation based on party. The two "top" candidates with the most votes in the primary advance to the general election. Candidates continue to designate their party. It becomes effective only if the court decision invalidating the traditional blanket primary becomes final.
The political parties in Washington opposed I-872 because they felt it would create an opportunity for someone not directly associated with the party to claim the party name on the ballot. 
The measure passed with 1,632,225 yes votes and 1,095,190 no votes in 2004.
More lawsuits.
On July 15, 2005, Washington initiative 872 was declared unconstitutional by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
On March 18, 2008, the US Supreme Court reversed this decision and upheld 872.
Top two primary implementation.
The supreme court decision to uphold 872 changed the implementation of the 2008 primary election, which was held on August 19.
The 2008 election.
In 2008, 2 State Senate races and 5 legislative districts had either two Democrats or two Republicans get through the primary election, appearing together on the General election ballot.
In the 46th Legislative District, Democrats Scott White and Gerry Pollet kept their inter-party struggle going strong all the way to election day.
The results of a study from Gonzaga University comparing the results in Washington state between the 2004 (closed) and 2008 (top two) primaries, indicate that the top two primary overall reduced the likelihood of running against a same party candidate and it reduced the likelihood that a strong incumbent would face a challenger from his or her own party.

</doc>
<doc id="20017344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017344" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 82">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 82

The 82nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Mifflin County, Snyder County and all of Juniata County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20017362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017362" title="Fairy Hill, Saskatchewan">
Fairy Hill, Saskatchewan

Fairy Hill is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Longlaketon No. 219 in Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20017365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017365" title="Jan Hendriks">
Jan Hendriks

Jan Hendriks (6 December 1928 – 17 December 1991) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 80 films on screen and TV between 1950 and 1985. In 1952 he won the German Film Award as Best Male Newcomer. Between 1977-85 he co-starred in the TV-crime-serial "Der Alte".
He died in Berlin, Germany, aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20017371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017371" title="Jesper Just">
Jesper Just

Jesper Just (born 1974 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish artist, and living and working in New York, NY. From 1997 to 2003 he studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. 
Just works exclusively in film, shooting on a variety of film stock, including 8 mm, 16 mm and 35 mm. Works dating from 2003 and before were recorded in digital video. All later works are shot on film and then transferred to HD video. The resulting images are dense and atmospheric. Their prominent soundtracks are conceived specifically for each film in cooperation with different musicians.
His works have been throughout Europe and the United States, including: the Hammer Museum, Los Angeles, CA (2005), the Miami Art Museum, Miami, FL (2007); and the Witte de With in Rotterdam, The Netherlands (2007). His most recent exhibitions opened in September 2008; they include: "Romantic Delusions" at the Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY, "U-Turn", the Copenhagen Quadrennial in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the Liverpool Biennial in Liverpool, UK.
Jesper Just is represented by James Cohan Gallery, New York/Shanghai; Galleri Nicolai Wallner, Copenhagen; and Galerie Emmanuel Perrotin, Paris/Hong Kong.
Artistic practice.
Jesper Just's films are moody, atmospheric narratives often with ambiguous and unresolved storylines. Thematically, his film works revolve around “the complex inter-relations between sexuality, love and cinema.” 
Many of his older films specifically question conventional notions of masculinity. Nina Folkersma writes: “A real man is supposed to contain his emotions, to be inviolable, intellectual, pragmatic, virile, and dominant. That, at least, is the image of man portrayed in most Hollywood films. Transgressing social and cinematographic conventional representations of masculinity is a crucial element of Just’s work.” 
Just uses Hollywood conventions as a kind of backdrop for his narratives. His films surprise the viewer with unexpected plot twists and characters stepping out of their expected roles. In “Invitation to Love” (2003), for instance, a young man takes off his shoes and dances barefoot on a table for an older man. 
A press release that introduced his recent exhibition, "A Voyage in Dwelling", states: “Just's videos attempt to dissect the nature of human interaction and the awkwardness of relationships. As in “A Vicious Undertow” (2007) - a seductive pas de trois between a middle-aged woman, and a younger woman and man – Just often seeks to emphasize the absurdity of gender roles and the way which cultures generate them. He presents charged relationships that could be perceived as perverse and endows them with beauty and dignity.” 
The film "A Vicious Undertow" (2006) marks a change in Just’s oeuvre. It is the first film that uses a female protagonist. This development can be followed throughout Just's newer films up to 2008. In a recent article in frieze, Eliza Williams notes: “Far from naturalistic, his films contain a deliberate ambiguity, which, while at times unsettling, allows for an emotional resonance that speaks of a meaning above and beyond mere storytelling.”
Influences of film noir aesthetics are present in his work and Just reveres the films of iconic directors such as Ingmar Bergman, Bob Fosse, Alain Resnais, Alfred Hitchcock, David Lynch and Michelangelo Antonioni. He employs a reappearing cast of professional actors, dancers and opera singers (the Danish actor Johannes Lilleøre, professional mathematician H.C., musician Dorit Chrysler and Mieskuoro Huutajat of The Finnish Screaming Men’s Choir).

</doc>
<doc id="20017431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017431" title="Nadir Ali Khan">
Nadir Ali Khan

Nadir Ali Khan (16 June 1931 in Rataul, Baghpat district, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian writer and scholar.
Early life.
Khan was born on 16 June 1931 in Rataul, into a family of Islamic scholars. He was appointed as reader in Aligarh Muslim University, later becoming professor of Urdu Language and then honorary consultant of the department. 
Khan journeyed to acquaint himself with the centres of Islamic importance in India, where he met Sheikh ul-Hadith Muhammad Zakariya al-Kandahlawi (1898-1982) and the reformer Maulana Muhammad Yusuf Kandhalawi, from whom he learned dawah and reformation.
Soon after, he attended Lucknow University and earned a Ph.D.
Work.
Khan is a prolific writer in Urdu. Perhaps his best-known work is "A history in Urdu Journalism (1822-1857)" (1991), which examines newspapers from nine different cities. 
His works are part of the syllabi in various universities, and several have been translated into English. His wide-ranging study of Urdu journalistic literature is a contribution of abiding value to the appreciation of India ethos at a crucial moment in Indian history. His extensive study of contemporary Urdu literature, his rare insight into the process of social change and, above all, his unique faculty of analysis and interpretation are each reflected in his study which opens fresh vistas for the interpretation of socio-political history of modern India. Lately the French historian Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie has studied the culture of the small French village Montaillou on the basis of Jacques Fouiern's Register's. His work is rightly claimed as constituting a landmark in modern historiography. No such work has so far been undertaken in India. The newspapers from Mirzapur, Benaras, Meerut, Bareilly, Rampur, etc., brought to light by Khan, will hopefully one day attract scholars to undertake similar studies of the intellectual and social milieu of the Indian towns. He prepared grounds for the utilization of journalistic literature for the reconstruction of the cultural history of India during the 19th century.
He is considered an important member of the Bangle Wali Masjid Markaz mosque which runs Tablighi Jamaat.
Due to his sermons and simple and modest lifestyle, Dr Nadir Ali Khan commands respect from Muslims all over the world. He has a simple, eloquent and distinctive style of explaining the purpose of human life and its creation and often uses scientific examples to support his argument. He has delivered lectures to all types of communities in the society with the attendees being doctors, engineers, professors, businessmen, landlords, government officials, TV/film artists, ministers/politicians and sports celebrities. His untiring efforts brought real Islamic values in the lives of many Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="20017435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017435" title="The Island Years (Ultravox album)">
The Island Years (Ultravox album)

The Island Years is a compilation by Ultravox, released in 1999 by PolyGram and Spectrum labels. It comprise the songs of their three first albums ("Ultravox!", "Ha! Ha! Ha!" and "Systems of Romance"), when John Foxx was the group's vocalist and frontman, and another two guitarists, Stevie Shears and Robin Simon were with them (although not at the same time). The album is a compilation of the band's experimental years, before Midge Ure became a member and the 1980s hits.
This is a more modern version of the "Slow Motion" compilation, released in 1993 by the same labels.
The band are credited as Ultravox!, although the band decided to drop the exclamation mark (!) before recording their "Systems Of Romance" album.

</doc>
<doc id="20017441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017441" title="Michael Gershman (director)">
Michael Gershman (director)

Michael E. Gershman is an American cinematographer and television director. He is best known for his work on the series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". He made is directorial debut in the series with the episode "Passion". He was nominated for an Primetime Emmy Award in 2000 for "Outstanding Cinematography for a Single Camera Series" for his work on the episode "Hush". He also served as a director and cinematographer for the series "Crossing Jordan".
Gershman has spent more than forty years working as a cinematographer and camera operator in motion pictures. Among the films he has worked on are "The Deer Hunter", "Heaven's Gate", "Midnight Run" and "We Were Soldiers".

</doc>
<doc id="20017451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017451" title="I Left Something Turned On at Home">
I Left Something Turned On at Home

"I Left Something Turned On at Home" is a song written by Billy Lawson and John Schweers, and recorded by American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released in April 1997 as the fourth and final single from his debut album "Dreamin' Out Loud". the song reached number 2 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, and number 1 on the Canadian "RPM" country chart.
Content.
The song is up-tempo accompanied largely by electric guitar. It is based on a double entendre. The male narrator is at a bar, telling his companions that he has to leave because he "left something turned on at home". He then explains in the chorus that what he left "turned on" was not an appliance, but rather his sexually aroused female partner.
Reception.
Rick Cohoon of Allmusic gave the song a favorable review. He stated that "Lawson and Schweers songwriters gave a whole new meaning to an age-old expression, and that's what good songwriting is."
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling it an "energetic exercise in double-entendres." She goes on to say that the song features "tasty guitar and fiddle touches, but the main selling point is Adkins' tongue-in-cheek vocal performance."
Chart positions.
"I Left Something Turned On at Home" debuted at number 73 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 26, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20017453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017453" title="Naval Supply Systems Command">
Naval Supply Systems Command

The Naval Supply Systems Command (NAVSUP) is a command of the United States Navy.
Headquartered in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, the NAVSUP and Navy Supply Corps team deliver logistics and support to the Navy.
Navy Systems Commands.
The five Navy systems commands or "SYSCOMs" are:

</doc>
<doc id="20017460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017460" title="Heritage Cup">
Heritage Cup

Heritage Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20017471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017471" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 83">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 83

The 83rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lycoming County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20017491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017491" title="Apagorevmeno">
Apagorevmeno

Apagorevmeno (Greek: "Απαγορευμένο"; English: "Forbidden") is Greek singer Anna Vissi's 25th studio album, released in Greece and Cyprus on December 9, 2008 by Sony BMG Greece. It is Vissi's first studio album since 2005 and the first since her 1981 self-titled album to not include any songs or input by Nikos Karvelas. The album was mostly produced with the Maple Jam Music Group in Los Angeles, United States, and by its head producer Greg Ladanyi.
The album was reissued with three new songs and two remixes as Apagorevmeno+ on November 16, 2009.
Background.
Vissi had been working on the album for two years. In an interview with "Down Town Magazine" in July 2008, Vissi said that she felt the same way as she did at the start of her career by having already listened to over 600 songs in the studio in an attempt to find songs she liked. She also stated that this would be the first album of which Nikos Karvelas would not be contributing any songs to, expressing that the two have gotten tired of each other, but clarified that this does not rule out a collaboration in the future.
On October 30, 2008, Vissi gave an interview on MAD TV's "OK" with Themis Georgandas. She added that ten of the tracks were arranged in Los Angeles, while she had a hand in the production of all tracks. By the end of November, the name "Apagorevmeno" (Forbidden) had been selected and it was announced that the album would be released on December 9, 2008. The final version contains 15 tracks in total, with the single "To Parelthon Mou" and the cover "Kontra" being included as bonus tracks.
Photographs that Dave Stewart took of Vissi on a beach in Malibu, California where also supposed to be included in the CD booklet but seem to be left out, presumably to be instead included on her never materialised 2010 English language album.
Production.
The album was produced with the Maple Jam Music Group in Los Angeles, California, and by its head producer Greg Ladanyi. Vissi is also signed to Maple Jam for artist management since 2008.
Among the original composers were Patrick Leonard and Giannis Kifonidis with three songs each, Giannis Hristoudoulopoulos with two songs and Alex Papakonstantinou, Grigoris Kollias, and Anna Vissi herself with one song each. The songs by Patrick Leonard were originally written with English lyrics for Vissi's possible upcoming, though never released, 2010 English album, but were instead re-recorded using Greek lyrics to appear on this album. The title track "Apagorevmeno" is also co-composed with Kara DioGuardi. Among the lyricists are Mirto Kontova with six songs, Eleana Vrahali with five songs, and Giorgos Mitsigkas, Grigoris Kollias, Valia Kaladzi and Vagellis Papazoulou with one song each.
Three Greek language covers appear on the album: a bonus track, Dan Wilson's song "Breathless" titled "Kontra", Luz Casal's song "Ni Tu Ni Yo" titled "Metallo", and Christina Aguilera's song "That's What Love Can Do" titled "An S'Erotefto". The latter was an Aguilera B-side track composed by Aguilera herself and Glen Ballard which appeared on the limited edition CD "Justin & Christina" used to promote the Justified and Stripped Tour.
Vissi composed the song "Apo Makria Kai Agapimeni" with lyrics by Mirto Kontova as a reflection of her relationship with Nikos Karvelas. The song "Risko" (Risk) was described by Vissi and its lyricist Eleana Vrahali as a rock zeibekiko, as well as the song "Alitissa Psihi" (Vagrant soul) composed by Vagia Kaladzi with lyrics Giannis Kifonidis received a similar description.
A remake of the Rebetiko song "Pente Hronia Dikasmenos (I Foni Tou Argile)", originally recorded in 1936 by Vangelis Papazoglou, appears on the album as "Pente Hronia Dikasmenos" produced and remixed by Matheos Sprague. Vissi's rendition presents a fusion of vintage Greek urban folk music, or rebetiko, with contemporary urban music by including English language R&B and rapping elements. Argile is Greek for hookah, while the featured rappers also refer to smoking with a hookah pipe.
Composers of the additional songs on re-release of the album titled "Apagorevmeno+" include Alex Papaconstantinou, Giannis Kifonidis, and Anna Vissi with one song each. Among the lyricist are Vagia Kalantzi with one song, and Anna Vissi with two songs. In the lyrics for "Fabulous", Vissi breaks out of the first-person narrative, referring to herself in the third person by telling the listener that she is going to see her own show to hear "Tsoules" and "Alitissa Psihi".
Release.
The release of "Apagorevmeno" marks Anna Vissi's 25th studio album. It was released on December 9, 2008 in Greece and Cyprus by Sony BMG Greece. It is her first studio album since 2005's Nylon and includes the bonus tracks "To Parelthon Mou" from the soundtrack of the film "Bank Bang" and a Greek-language cover of Dan Wilson's song "Breathless" titled "Kontra".
"Apagorevmeno" was repackaged and re-released with three new songs and two remixes as "Apagorevmeno+" on November 16, 2009. This new 19-track version is in DBS packaging and carries a fixed price of €9.90, roughly half the price of a typical album in the Greek market. The re-release replaces the song "Apo Makria Kai Agapimeni" with the remixed version.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
The newspaper, "Real News", distributed the album "Apagorevmeno" on 8 August 2010. The newspaper sold 60,320 units publication that included the album.
Chart performance.
"Apagorevmeno" debuted at number three on the IFPI Greek Albums Chart on week 51, and was certified gold within its first week of release. The album moved up to number one on its second week where it remained for its third week, and fell to number nine for its fourth and fifth week.
Though the album was released on December 9, 2008 just three weeks before the end of the year, it still made it into the top ten on both of IFPI's year-end charts: "Top 50 Greek albums of 2008" in the 9th spot and "Top 50 Greek and Foreign Albums of 2008" in the 10th spot.
In March 2009 IFPI Greece announced that they would close their charts for a period of time in order to renew their charting system, thus it is no longer possible to track sales of "Apagorevmeno". IFPI Greece is set to resume public release of the Greek albums chart in late 2010.
In Cyprus the album debuted at number one of the charts of Musical Paradise (official IFPI representative of Cyprus via IFPI Greece) where it remained for eight weeks. It gained gold status on the second week of its release, and reached platinum status on its eighth. It remained in the top 10 for 12 weeks. In September 2009 during Vissi's visit in Cyprus, Musical Paradise confirmed that the album is officially certified 2x platinum in Cyprus as well. With its re-release the album re-entered the Cypriot official album charts at no1 for a further 3 weeks (making a total of 11) and remained on the top 10 for a further 3 months (24 weeks in top 10 in total).
Promotion.
Cosmote once again sponsored a Vissi album, and as in the past, it released a series of commercials for the album including a TV commercial featuring Anna Vissi with the song "Apagorevmeno".
On November 26, 2008, Cosmote was the first to release the three songs "Apagorevmeno", "Apo Makria Kai Agapimeni" and "Kontra" onto their music store as part of their mobile music campaign.
On October 29, 2008, the song "To Parelthon Mou" was released simultaneously to all radio stations in Greece and Cyprus along with its music video. It was the theme song from the Greek film "Bank Bang", released in December 2008.
On February 10, 2009, Vissi appeared on the Women of the Year 2008 awards by magazine "Madame Figaro" in Cyprus. At the awards, Vissi announced that she has set up a scholarship fund along with the magazine to award to one young female student annually. Vissi also sang "Apagorevmeno", "Kontra", "To Parelthon Mou" and "Stin Pira".
Apagorevmeno Summer Tour.
Vissi had originally planned to start performing at Athinon Arena in February 2009 in support of the album, however she opted to stage a big concert in Athens during the summer instead, along with a 2009 summer tour around Greece. The tour was titled "Apagorevmeno Summer Tour".
The Fabulous Show.
Vissi's concert series for the winter season 2009-2010 was at Athinon Arena and debuted on October 31, 2009 and was concluded on March, 27. Vissi was appearing three times a week and the show was named "The Fabulous Show" after her single "Fabulous". Supporting acts included the band Ble, Giorgos Sampanis, and Vera Boufi, who is Vissi's niece, special guest star was rebetiko singer Mario.
Singles.
"Apagorevmeno"
"Stin Pira"
"Alitissa Psihi"
"Apo Makria Kai Agapimenoi (Alex Papakonstantinou Edit)"
"Fabulous"

</doc>
<doc id="20017506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017506" title="Plane (river)">
Plane (river)

The Plane is a river in Brandenburg, Germany, left tributary of the Havel. Its total length is 57 km. The Plane originates in the High Fläming Nature Park, near Rabenstein. It flows north through Planetal and Golzow. The Plane joins the Havel in the Breitlingsee lake west of Brandenburg an der Havel.

</doc>
<doc id="20017523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017523" title="Fountain, West Virginia">
Fountain, West Virginia

Fountain is an unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States, located at the intersection of West Virginia Route 46 and Knobley Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20017562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017562" title="Something Rotten (novel)">
Something Rotten (novel)

Something Rotten is the first novel of the Horatio Wilkes mystery series by Alan Gratz. It loosely follows the plot of "Hamlet" by William Shakespeare, but it is modernised and set in the United States.
Plot synopsis.
Horatio Wilkes visits his friend Hamilton Prince for the summer holidays. Hamilton's father just died and his mother remarried - his uncle. The Princes are very rich. They own a paper plant in Denmark, Tennessee. Unfortunately, the plant seems to pollute the Copenhagen River. At least, that's what Hamilton's beautiful ex-girlfriend Olivia says. 
When Hamilton and Horatio are confronted with a video of Hamilton's recently deceased father who tells them that he has been poisoned, Horatio promises Hamilton to solve the riddle.On his journey solving this riddle he stumble across some problems. For instance one of the problems he ran into was when he needed help getting information, and clue's Hamilton was always intoxicated. And when Hamilton wasn't intoxicated he was rude and antisocial or was sleeping off his hangover.
Other Editions.
On March 17, 2011 a German Language Edition of this book was published under the title "Eine Lünge ist Nicht Genung". The title was changed in Germany from "Something Rotten" to "A Lie Is Not Enough". This edition was translated by Gerold Anrich and Martina Instinsky-Anrich and was available in both Hardcover and eBook formats. 

</doc>
<doc id="20017587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017587" title="Tom Engelhardt">
Tom Engelhardt

Tom Engelhardt is an American writer and editor. He is the creator of the The Nation Institute's tomdispatch.com, an online blog. He is also the co-founder of the American Empire Project and the author of the 1998 book, "The End of Victory Culture: Cold War America and the Disillusioning of a Generation".
Education.
Engelhardt graduated from Yale University and received a Master's degree in Area Studies from Harvard University, where he was a founding member of the Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars.
Career.
Engelhardt has been an editor for more than 30 years, working in book and news publishing. He was a senior editor at Pantheon Books where he edited such books as Maus by Art Spiegelman. Currently he is a consulting editor at Metropolitan Books. He also teaches at the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley, where he is a teaching fellow. He once described the editing process as:
" ...more like a craft, that's right, because there isn't as much of a preset pattern for it. There's a word I often think about because it's such a negative in our society, which is "used." You say a "used" car—something previously owned and not particularly good, or "I've been used, I've been exploited." But the most beautiful feeling about editing for an editor is that feeling of being used and subsumed."
Engelhardt created TomDispatch in November 2001, and in 2002, it received support from The Nation Institute. Engelhardt has described the site as the "sideline that ate his life." Contributors to TomDispatch have included Rebecca Solnit, Bill McKibben, Jonathan Schell, Fatima Bhutto, and Nick Turse. 
Engelhardt has written numerous articles and several books including "The American Way of War: How Bush's Wars Became Obama's".

</doc>
<doc id="20017606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017606" title="No Frontiers">
No Frontiers

No Frontiers is an album by Irish singer Mary Black. The album was one of Ireland's best selling albums of 1989 and introduced her to audiences elsewhere in Europe and in the United States and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20017620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017620" title="Rafael Lopez Guzman">
Rafael Lopez Guzman

Rafael Lopez Guzman Spanish catedratico, Phd in art history. Expert in mudejar art in Spain and Latin America. He is a professor in the Universidad de Granada, Spain. Has published several books and articles on mudejar art and colonial art in Spain and Mexico. "Tradición y Clasicismo en la Granada del siglo XVI: Arquitectura Civil y Urbanismo" . (Granada, Diputación,1987) "Arquitectura Mudéjar Granadina". (Granada, Caja de Ahorros,1990.) "Arquitectura y Carpintería Mudéjar en Nueva España." (México, Azabache, 1992) "Arquitectura Mudéjar: Del sincretismo medieval a las alternativas americanas" (Madrid, Cátedra, 2000). "Los Palacios del Renacimiento" (Granada, Diputación, 2005) "Territorio, poblamiento y arquitectura. México en las relaciones geográficas de Felipe II" (Granada, Universidad, 2007)
He has made several introductions to books of art such as "Arquitectura imaginaria" "Al-Azrak: el Palacio Azul" by León R. Zahar, Editorial Artes de México, 1999 (introductory note by Prof. Oleg Grabar). He also made a presentation for the book, "Taracea islamica y mudejar", Editorial Artes de Mexico, 2000 by the same author and for the book "Arte islamico, evocacion del Paraiso", El Colegio de Mexico, 2008 by the same author.

</doc>
<doc id="20017630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017630" title="Lötschenlücke">
Lötschenlücke

The Lötschenlücke (el. 3164 m.) is a high mountain pass of the Bernese Alps, connecting the Lötschental to the valley of the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. Both sides of the pass are covered by glaciers: the Langgletscher on the west and the Grosser Aletschfirn on the east. The Lötschenlücke lies between the Mittaghorn on the north and the Sattelhorn on the south.
The closest settlement is Fafleralp (east of Blatten) in the Lötschental. There are no settlements in the valley of the Aletsch Glacier. Above the pass, at 3,240 m, lies the Hollandia Hut of the Swiss Alpine Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20017633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017633" title="Capel railway station">
Capel railway station

Capel railway station was a station in Capel St Mary, Suffolk, on a short branch line from Bentley Junction to Hadleigh. The station buildings were remarkably ornate for a village with a population of 649 in 1851 and 504 in 1931. There were goods sidings on the northern side of the station,which were used extensively in World War II handling supplies to a nearby United States Army Air Forces base, later known as RAF Raydon.
Former Services
The line opened in 1847 and closed to passenger traffic in 1932, with freight services lingering on until 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20017634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017634" title="Nuthe">
Nuthe

The Nuthe is a river in Brandenburg, Germany, left tributary of the Havel. Its total length is 65 km. The Nuthe originates in the Fläming region, near Niedergörsdorf. It flows north through Jüterbog, Luckenwalde, Trebbin and Saarmund. The Nuthe joins the Havel in central Potsdam.
It has been said that crossing the Nuthe three times in a row is good luck.

</doc>
<doc id="20017640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017640" title="2008–09 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team">
2008–09 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Wake Forest Demon Deacon's men's basketball team represented Wake Forest University in the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team's head coach was Dino Gaudio. T he team played its home games in the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and was a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
On January 19, the Deacons took the top spot in both the ESPN/USA Today coaches poll and the Associated Press poll, making it the second time in program history a Wake Forest team was number one in the country.
Wake Forest finished the regular season with a record of 24–5, and 11–5 in the ACC. That tied them with Duke. The Demon Deacons received the number two seed in the 2009 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament in a tiebreaker over Duke because of their victory against number one seed North Carolina.
Preseason.
In the preseason ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll the Demon Deacons were ranked #24.

</doc>
<doc id="20017656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017656" title="Human Brain Project">
Human Brain Project

The Human Brain Project (HBP) is a large scientific research project, directed by the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne and largely funded by the European Union, which aims to simulate the complete human brain on supercomputers to better understand how it functions. The project is based in Geneva, Switzerland. 
Among other goals, the project aims to build a full computer model of a functioning brain to simulate drug treatments.
Strategic goals.
The program will develop information and communications technology platforms in these six areas: 
Organisation and funding.
The Human Brain Project is directed by the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (neuronal stimulation) and co-directed by the University of Heidelberg (computer), the University Hospital of Lausanne and the University of Lausanne (medical).
The project involves hundreds of researchers, from 135 partner institutions in 26 countries.
Its total costs are estimated at 1.190 billion €, of which 555 million would go to personnel, to compensate 7148 person-years of effort. It is funded by the European Commission through its Future and Emerging Technologies (FET) Flagship grant. 86 institutions across Europe are now involved and will receive one billion euro in funding over ten years.
Obstacles.
The primary hurdle in the project is the unsystematic nature of the information collected from previous brain research. Neurological research data varies by biological organization schemes, species studied, and by developmental stages, making it difficult to collectively use the data to replicate the brain in a model that acts as a single system.
Other obstacles include engineering problems involving power consumption, memory, and storage.
Implications.
Technologies generated by the Human Brain Project and other similar projects offer several possibilities to other fields of research. The project will create a better understanding of the human brain and its functions, as well as facilitate medical research related to healing and brain development.For instance, the brain model can be used to investigate disease signatures and the impact of certain drugs, leading to better (and earlier) diagnostic and treatment methods. Ultimately, these developments will lead to more advanced medical options available to patients at a lower cost. 
Design of the artificial human brain will also lead to developments in the engineering of computer chips and in developing new supercomputing and energy-efficiency techniques modeled with the human brain as an example. The project's platforms include those on Neurorobotics, Neuromorphic Computing, and High Performance Computing. Computational developments can be extended into realms such as data mining, telecommunications, appliances, and other industrial uses.
It is also crucial to note the long-term ethical consequences of such a project. The project follows a policy of Responsible Innovation. The Ethics and Society Programme, with subcommittees Ethical, Legal and Social Aspects Committee (ELSA) and Research Ethics Committee (REC), is responsible for monitoring the use of human volunteers, animal subjects, and the data collected. Implications on European society, industry, and economy are to be investigated by the programme's Foresight Lab.

</doc>
<doc id="20017669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017669" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 84">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 84

The 84th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lycoming County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20017670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017670" title="Raydon Wood railway station">
Raydon Wood railway station

Raydon Wood railway station was a station in Suffolk, on a short branch line from Bentley Junction to Hadleigh. There was a goods shed on a passing loop which included a small siding on the south side of the station at the Bentley end.
Together with it was extensively used for handling supplies in World War II for a nearby United States Army Air Forces base, later known as RAF Raydon.
The line opened in 1847 and closed to passenger traffic in 1932, with freight services lingering on until 1965.
The station building still stands and is in use as a coal merchant's depot.

</doc>
<doc id="20017673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017673" title="Raghavendra Gadagkar">
Raghavendra Gadagkar

Raghavendra Gadagkar is a full professor at the Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, India, who studies evolution using eusocial insects. For most of his works, he uses "Ropalidia marginata", a commonly found paper wasp, as study system. 
Gadagkar has published over 250 scientific papers and articles in international journals as well as in Indian journals like Current Science magazine, and the Journal of Biosciences (India), both published from Bangalore. His most important contribution to the field of evolution of eusociality is the theory of "assured fitness returns" which has been verified from empirical data and can be considered as a significant landmark in this field since the seminal work done by W. D. Hamilton in 1964. Over the last three decades he has established an active research group that has contributed towards understanding the proximate and ultimate factors of social evolution in wasps. Some of his opinionated articles on science policy have been controversial, such as his exception to the pay to publish, free to read Open Access science publishing model.
His first book,
"Survival Strategies", has been translated into Chinese and Korean. It uses simple language to explain recent advances in behavioural ecology and sociobiology to a general audience.
He has also written a more technical book, "The Social Biology of Ropalidia marginata: Towards understanding the evolution of eusociality", which puts together over twenty years of his research about the evolution of eusociality.
Since 2002 he is Non-resident Permanent Fellow at the German institute Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin.
In 2006 Gadagkar became one of the very few Indian scientists to be elected as a Foreign Associate of the National Academy of Sciences, USA. He has won numerous awards for his contributions to science research including the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Biology in 1993. 
He holds a number of other academic positions. He is the chairman of the Centre for Contemporary Studies, IISc, Bangalore. He is a Honorary Professor at the Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research and at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Kolkata. He is a Non-resident Permanent fellow of Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin. He is a Chairman of Research Council for History of Science, Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi. He was elected as a member of
the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in July 2012.
In 2004, Gadagkar pioneered the establishment of the Centre for Contemporary Studies in the Indian Institute of Science. This department is a platform for bringing together the natural and social sciences for a discourse of mutual benefit.

</doc>
<doc id="20017674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017674" title="The Three Stooges Collection">
The Three Stooges Collection

The Three Stooges Collection is a series of DVD collections of theatrical short subjects produced by Columbia Pictures starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. Each volume is a two-disc set, and covers a three-year interval, with the exception of "Volume Eight", which is a three-disc set and covers the last five years at Columbia. The series was first made available by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment in October 2007, and marked the first time the comedy team's shorts were released on DVD in chronological order. In addition, every film was remastered in high definition, another first for the comedy team's body of celluloid works. "Volume Seven: 1952–1954" was released on November 10, 2009, and includes a pair of 3-D glasses to view the two 3-D entries in the series, "Spooks!" and "Pardon My Backfire". On June 1, 2010, the final three-disc set was released, which included the final 16 shorts with Shemp and all 16 shorts with Joe Besser.
In 2012, all eight volumes were reissued in a box set entitled "The Ultimate Collection", with the addition of a ninth, 3-disc volume entitled "Rare Treasures from the Columbia Picture Vault". The additional volume featuring the feature films "Rockin' in the Rockies" and "Have Rocket, Will Travel", several cartoons featuring the Stooges from the 1930s and 1940s. Also included were several Columbia shorts featuring Shemp Howard, Joe Besser and Joe DeRita as solo comedians prior to joining the Stooges; several of these solo films are remakes of Stooge films.
"Volume One: 1934–1936".
The film's original release date is listed next to the title.
"Rare Treasures from the Columbia Pictures Vault".
3-DVD set of bonus material released with "Ultimate Collection" box set, focusing on solo films featuring Shemp Howard, Joe Besser and Joe DeRita. Also included were animated cartoons featuring the Stooges.

</doc>
<doc id="20017675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017675" title="Hiroshi Kōjina">
Hiroshi Kōjina


</doc>
<doc id="20017678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017678" title="Shearson">
Shearson

Shearson was the name of a series of investment banking and retail brokerage firms from 1902 until 1994, named for Edward Shearson and the firm he founded, Shearson Hammill & Co. Among Shearson's most notable incarnations were Shearson / American Express, Shearson Lehman / American Express, Shearson Lehman Brothers, Shearson Lehman Hutton and finally Smith Barney Shearson.
For its first eight decades, the firm operated independently and merged with a number of Wall Street's most venerable securities firms including Hayden Stone & Co. and Loeb Rhoades & Co.. In 1981, Shearson was acquired by American Express and operated as a subsidiary of the financial services company before being merged with Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in 1984 and E.F. Hutton & Co. in 1988. 
In 1993, Shearson was sold to Primerica, the predecessor of Citigroup, and merged with its retail brokerage business, Smith Barney to create "Smith Barney Shearson"'. The Shearson name was discontinued in 1994.
History.
Shearson Lehman Hutton was the result of the combination of a number of venerable Wall Street firms over a 25 year period beginning in the early 1960s that included Lehman Brothers, Kuhn Loeb, E.F. Hutton, Hayden Stone & Co., Shearson, Hammill & Co., Loeb, Rhoades & Co., Hornblower & Company and Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt, which ultimately came together under the ownership of American Express.
Shearson Hammill & Co. (1902–1974).
The Shearson name traces its origins to the formation of Shearson, Hammill & Co. a Wall Street brokerage and investment banking firm founded in 1902 by Edward Shearson and Caleb Wild Hammill. The firm originally built its business as a stock broker as well as a broker of various commodities, particularly grain and cotton. The firm was a member of the New York Stock Exchange, the Chicago Stock Exchange and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Before forming the firm, Shearson had served as comptroller of U.S. Steel and of Federal Steel Company before that. Shearson, who was raised in Ontario, Canada began his career as an auditor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad before taking a position in the steel industry in 1898. Shearson was an active member of New York society. Hammill, who was raised in Albion, Michigan, moved first to Chicago and subsequently to New York in 1890.
The firm was originally headquartered in the Empire Building at 71 Broadway in New York City and maintained another main office in Chicago. By the end of World War I, Shearson Hammill had six branch offices and seven correspondents.
In the 1960s Shearson, Hammill became well known for its commercials that suggested "If You Want To Know What’s Going On On Wall Street, Ask Shearson Hammill." The firm had 63 offices in the US and internationally supported by a well-regarded securities research department.
Shearson Hayden Stone (1974–1979).
In the early 1970s, Shearson faced financial difficulties as did many of the venerable Wall Street firms in the midst of the 1973–1974 stock market crash. In response to the crisis, Shearson laid off a large portion of its staff in 1973. Meanwhile, through the 1960s and 1970s, Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of the up-and-coming Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt, had been acquiring many of Wall Streets oldest and most venerable investment banking and brokerage firms. By 1973, Weill's firm was known as Hayden Stone, Inc. following CBWL's acquisition of Hayden, Stone & Co. Despite its strong retail brokerage business, Shearson's capital reserves were diminished and by 1974, it was clear that Shearson did not have sufficient capital to survive as an independent firm, opting to merge with Weill's better capitalized Hayden Stone, Inc.. The combined firm was renamed Shearson Hayden Stone, as Weill retained the Shearson brand, which was widely recognized as a major underwriter and brokerage.
Shearson Loeb Rhoades (1979–1981).
Weill's next major target in 1979 was another prominent investment bank, Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co., which like Shearson had been suffering financial difficulties and was looking for a potential acquiror. During Mothers Day Weekend 1979, Shearson and Loeb agreed to an $83 million ($ million today) all-stock merger to form Shearson Loeb Rhoades, with Weill assuming the position of CEO of the combined firm. At the time of the merger, Shearson Loeb Rhoades, with $260 million of combined assets and approximately $550 million of revenue, was among the largest investment banking houses. By most measures, Shearson became the second largest brokerage firm in the U.S. trailing only Merrill Lynch. The merger with Loeb Rhoades was more notable for introducing a stronger investment banking business to Shearson.
Shearson/American Express.
During the 1980s, American Express embarked on an effort to become a financial services supercompany. In mid-1981 it purchased Sanford I. Weill's Shearson Loeb Rhoades, the second largest securities firm in the United States to form Shearson/American Express. Shearson Loeb Rhoades, itself was the culmination of several mergers in the 1970s as Weill's Hayden Stone, Inc. merged with Shearson, Hammill & Co. in 1974 to form Shearson Hayden Stone. Shearson Hayden Stone then merged with Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co. (formerly Loeb, Rhoades & Co. and Hornblower & Weeks) to form Shearson Loeb Rhoades in 1979. With capital totalling $250 million at the time of its acquisition, Shearson Loeb Rhoades trailed only Merrill Lynch as the securities brokerage industry's largest firm. After its acquisition by American Express, the firm was renamed Shearson/American Express.
After selling Shearson to American Express, Weill was given the position of president of American Express in 1983. The following year, Weill was named chairman and CEO of American Express's insurance subsidiary, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company. Weill grew increasingly unhappy with responsibilities within American Express and his conflicts with American Express' CEO James D. Robinson III. Weill soon realized that he was not positioned to be named CEO and after the firm's merger with Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, Weill chose to resign from American Express in August 1985. Weill would return to building a large financial services company of his own, which would become Citigroup and would go on to acquire the core Shearson brokerage business that he had built in the 1960s and 1970s.
Shearson Lehman Brothers.
In 1984, American Express acquired the investment banking and trading firm, Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, and added it to the Shearson family, creating Shearson Lehman/American Express. 
Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, which itself was the merger of Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb in 1977 was led by Pete Peterson, a former United States Secretary of Commerce and future founder of the Blackstone Group. However, by the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders, who were driving most of the firm's profits, prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions. Coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, these tensions resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO. Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle left the company. The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm. After the merger, Peter A. Cohen was named Chairman and CEO of Shearson Lehman,
During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who were backed by Drexel.
In 1984 Shearson/American Express purchased the 90-year old Investors Diversified Services, bringing with it a fleet of financial advisors and investment products.
Shearson Lehman Hutton.
In 1988, Shearson Lehman acquired E.F. Hutton & Co., a brokerage firm founded in 1904 by Edward Francis Hutton and his brother Franklyn Laws Hutton. Under the Hutton brothers and later Robert M. Fomon and the well-known Wall Street trader Gerald M. Loeb, E.F. Hutton became one of the largest brokerage firms in the U.S. Hutton was best known for its commercials in the 1970s and 1980s that used the phrase, "When E. F. Hutton talks, people listen." 
In the 1980s Hutton was caught up in a number of difficulties that ultimately led the firm to seek a buyer. Hutton's most serious trouble came from a check kiting scandal that was uncovered in 1985. Hutton branches were writing checks against accounts at various regional banks and then funding those accounts with checks from yet other banks. This strategy, known as "chaining," gave Hutton the use of money in both accounts until the checks cleared. In effect, Hutton was giving itself a free loan that also did not carry any interest. Then, in early 1987, an internal Hutton probe revealed that brokers at an office in Providence, Rhode Island, laundered money for the Patriarca crime family. Although Hutton reported the investigation to the SEC, it was not enough to stop prosecutors from all but announcing that Hutton would be indicted. This last scandal was uncovered only a week before the 1987 stock market crash. By the end of November 1987, Hutton had lost $76 million, largely due to massive trading losses and margin calls that its customers could not meet. 
On December 3, 1987, Hutton agreed to a merger with Shearson Lehman in a $1 billion ($ today) deal. The merger took effect in 1988, and the merged firm was named Shearson Lehman Hutton, Inc. 
Following the merger, dozens of Hutton brokers left the firm to join competitors. At the same time, the combined firm suffered dwindling business from individual investors as its focus was shifted to large corporate transactions. The Hutton brand was used until 1990, when American Express abandoned the name and the business was renamed Shearson Lehman Brothers. Joe Plumeri became the President & Managing Partner of Shearson Lehman Brothers in 1990.
In 1992, Shearson sold the Boston Company, an asset management group, to Mellon Financial. In December 1988, the Boston Company, had disclosed that it had overreported its earnings by $30 million.
Sale and spinoff.
When Harvey Golub became CEO of American Express in 1993, he negotiated the sale of Shearson's retail brokerage and asset management business to Primerica. Primerica's Sanford I. Weill had been the architect of what had become Shearson/American Express in the 1960s and 1970s building up his small firm Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt into one of the largest brokerage firms in the US. The Shearson business was merged with Primerica's Smith Barney to create Smith Barney Shearson. Ultimately, the Shearson name was dropped in 1994.
In 1994, American Express spun off of the remaining investment banking and institutional businesses as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc which after almost fifteen years of independence would file for bankruptcy protection in 2008.
Acquisition history.
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):

</doc>
<doc id="20017685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017685" title="Senftenberg (disambiguation)">
Senftenberg (disambiguation)

Senftenberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20017687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017687" title="Copper usnate">
Copper usnate

Copper usnate is the copper salt of usnic acid. It has been used as an antimicrobial.

</doc>
<doc id="20017694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017694" title="Aru Machi no Gunjō">
Aru Machi no Gunjō

Music video.
The music video for "Aru Machi no Gunjō" was directed by Hideaki Sunaga. Beginning with a sunrise, the PV alternates from an outer view of a city, the band playing the song in a garage, a raven inside a birdcage, and a fishtank holding a jellyfish before finally concluding with a sunset. The video was nominated for Best Rock Video at MTV Video Music Awards Japan 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20017696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017696" title="1996 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1996 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Gilbert Schaller was the defending champion but lost in the final 7–5, 1–6, 6–2 against Tomás Carbonell.

</doc>
<doc id="20017699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017699" title="Protiofate">
Protiofate

Protiofate is a drug used in gynecology.

</doc>
<doc id="20017704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017704" title="Head of the Republic of Ingushetia">
Head of the Republic of Ingushetia

The Head of the Republic of Ingushetia (), formerly "President of the Republic of Ingushetia", is the highest office within the Government of Ingushetia, Russia. The Head is elected by Russian citizens living in Ingushetia. Term of service is five years.

</doc>
<doc id="20017711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017711" title="Gordon D. Shirreffs">
Gordon D. Shirreffs

Gordon Donald Shirreffs (January 15, 1914 – February 9, 1996) was a U.S. author, known mostly for writing Western and juvenile (young adult) novels. He also wrote a teleplay. Two of his novels, "Judas Gun" and "Rio Bravo", were made into movies ("A Long Ride from Hell" (1967) and "Rio Bravo" (1959), respectively). One of his short stories ("Silent Beckoning") became the movie "The Lonesome Trail" (1955). His novel "Last Train From Gunhill" was made into a film starring Kirk Douglas and Anthony Quinn and released in 1959. Strangely, however, Les Crutchfield, who wrote a great deal for "Gunsmoke", is cited as the author for the story and Shirreffs' name is not given although all of the character names and plot follows those in the novel.
Biography.
Gordon Shirreffs was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1914, soon after his mother emigrated from Scotland. When his National Guard unit was activated in 1940 Shirreffs served in World War II where he was stationed in Alaska's Aleutian Islands as part of the Pacific Theater. Following the war he attended Northwestern University where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Shirreffs married Alice Johanna Gutwein on February 7, 1941 in El Paso, TX. They had two children, a daughter Carole (born 1943) and a son Brian (born 1946.)
He lived in Granada Hills, San Fernando Valley, CA from 1952 until his death in 1996.
For a time in the 1950s, Shirreffs operated a hobby shop in Granada Hills. In keeping with his Scottish roots, he was a member of one or more bagpipe bands in Burbank and San Fernando, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="20017721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017721" title="Nifuratel">
Nifuratel

Nifuratel (brand name Macmiror, or—in combination with nystatin—Macmiror Complex) is a drug used in gynecology. It is a local antiprotozoal and antifungal agent that may also be given orally. Nifuratel is not approved for use in the United States.
Nifuratel appears to have a broad antibacterial spectrum of action and is effective against "Chlamydia trachomatis" and "Mycoplasma spp." as well as fungal infections from "Candida spp."
Taken orally, or as a vaginal pessary, it is used in the treatment of a wide range of infections of the genito-urinary tract, especially if there is no accurate diagnosis available. For example it may be used in the treatment of women exhibiting vaginal discharge where there is uncertainty as to whether the cause is "Trichomonas vaginalis" or "Candida" strains such as "Candida albicans". 
Side effects appear to be minimal or non-existent and it has a safe toxicological profile.

</doc>
<doc id="20017729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017729" title="Clodantoin">
Clodantoin

Clodantoin is a drug used in gynecology.

</doc>
<doc id="20017730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017730" title="Sluger">
Sluger

Sluger (plural "slugeri"; , ; sometimes also sulger ) was a historical rank traditionally held by boyars in Moldavia and Wallachia, roughly corresponding to a sort of Intendant or Master of the Larder. It originated in the Slavic "služar". 
"Slugeri" were in charge of supplying the courts of Moldavian or Wallachian Princes with meat mainly beef. They were also in charge of distributing meat to the court households. 

</doc>
<doc id="20017756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017756" title="Sulfatolamide">
Sulfatolamide

Sulfatolamide is a drug used in gynecology. It is a combination of two sulfonamide antibacterials, sulfathiourea and mafenide.

</doc>
<doc id="20017765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017765" title="The Capitol Years 65/77">
The Capitol Years 65/77

The Capitol Years 65/77 is a double CD containing previously unreleased, single and album tracks that Glen Campbell recorded for Capitol records between 1965 and 1977.
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20017771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017771" title="Kikou Seiki Unitron">
Kikou Seiki Unitron

Kikou Seiki Unitron (機甲世紀ユニトロン) is a video game. It was released in 2000 for the Neo Geo Pocket Color handheld game console. It is the sequel to Biomotor Unitron. It was only released in Japan.
Gameplay.
The game takes place 400 years after Biomotor Unitron. Kikou Seiki Unitron plays similar to Biomotor Unitron with top down dungeons and menu-based combat. The game requires the player to upgrade their unitron robot with various weapons and accessories to compete against various enemies within the dungeon areas. Using a link cable two players can pit their unitrons against each other in a head-to-head battle. 

</doc>
<doc id="20017773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017773" title="Frank Sander Residence">
Frank Sander Residence

The Frank S. Sander House ("Springbough") is a house located in Stamford, Connecticut. It was designed by the noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1952.
Springbough is composed of mahogany, burnt face brick and glass and is built into the side of a rocky ledge.
In 2002 the house was toured by participants of the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy meeting in New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="20017779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017779" title="Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens">
Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens

Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens (28 October 1845 – 2 January 1912) was the sixth child and fourth son of British novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine. He made lecture tours in Australia, Europe and the United States on his father's life and work.
Early life.
Nicknamed "Sampson Brass" and "Skittles" by his father, Alfred Dickens was born at 1 Devonshire Terrace in London, and was baptized at the church of St. Mary Marylebone in London on 21 April 1846. He was named after his godfathers, Alfred, Lord Tennyson and Count Alfred D'Orsay. Because of this choice of godfathers Alfred's christening became a popular topic among literary people. Father Prout wrote:
Edward Fitzgerald wrote to his friend Edward Barton that Tennyson and Count D'Orsay had stood as godparents to one of Dickens's children, and that the unfortunate child had been named 'Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson', which he believed proved that 'Dickens was a snob... For what is Snobbishness and Cockneyism, but all such pretensions and parade? It is one thing to worship heroes and another to lick their spittle.' Robert Browning wrote to Elizabeth Barrett, who shortly after married him in the same church in which Alfred Dickens had been baptized, wondering if she knows why Alfred Tennyson has been dining with Dickens to meet celebrities.
'What do you suppose caused all the dining and repining? He has been sponsor to Dickens's child "in company with Count D'Orsay" and accordingly the "novus homo" glories in the praenomia Alfred d'Orsay Tennyson Dickens ... You observe Alfred is common to both the godfather and the devil-father ... When you remember what the form of sponsorship is, to what it pledges you in the Church of England - and then remember that Mr. Dickens is an enlightened Unitarian - you will get a curious notion of the man, I fancy.'
Alfred Dickens was educated at Brackenbury's Military School at Wimbledon and at Mr Gibson's boarding school in Boulogne-sur-Mer, with his brothers Henry and Sydney. Alfred Dickens considered a career in the Army, in medicine, and in business, but after failing the entrance examination into the Army, instead he spent two years working in a China House in London. He shared his father's love for fashionable clothing, and ran up bills, in his father's name, at various tailors. Persuaded by his father, he migrated to Australia in June 1865 aged 19, leaving behind many unpaid bills. His father came to see him off at Paddington Station.
Charles Dickens sent him with some money and letters of introduction, hoping that he would make a career there and that he would cease to be a financial drain upon his father. According to various letters, Charles Dickens sent his son to Australia "to seek his fortune"; although he saw Alfred as "steady and working, though not in the least brilliant," he had been anxious to get him "far away from home," being concerned about the negative influence of his brothers and the "idleness" of London. He was followed shortly afterwards by his younger brother Edward Dickens. Alfred Dickens remained in Australia for 45 years.
Australia.
Alfred Dickens settled in Australia quickly, finding work on a property at Corona on the borders of New South Wales and South Australia. He remained in Australia for 45 years. Charles Dickens having died in 1870, Alfred purchased Wangagong station, near Forbes with his share of his father's estate. In 1874 he moved to Hamilton, Victoria, to take up a position as a station agent.
Dickens married Augusta Jessie Devlin (1849 – 1878), known as 'The Belle of Melbourne", in a fashionable wedding in Toorak, Victoria, and with whom he had two daughters, Kathleen Mary (1874 – 1951) and Violet Georgina (1875 – 1952). Jessie Dickens died from her injuries on 14 December 1878 after having been thrown out of her carriage when a pony bolted. Alfred Dickens then moved to Melbourne, where he was persuaded by his younger brother Edward Dickens to start up their own stock and station agency, 'EBL Dickens and Partners'.
Later years.
In Melbourne on 22 June 1888 Alfred married again, his new wife, Emily Riley (1863–1913), being 17 years his junior. The marriage was not a happy one, and there were no children. Severely hit financially when depression hit Victoria in the early 1890s, Alfred began to tour Australia giving lectures about his father's life and work. From 1910 he gave the lectures in Europe and America, in that year returning to Great Britain for the first time since 1865. He became the Vice President of the Dickens Fellowship.
While touring America in 1912 as a guest of honour during the Dickens Centennial celebrations, Dickens was taken ill at noon while strolling in the lobby of his hotel, the Astor Hotel in New York. Taking to his bed, he slept for a while and then awoke and dictated a letter to one of his daughters in Australia explaining that his sudden illness had required him to cancel one of his speaking engagements. He died at 5.15 p.m. in his suite at the Astor Hotel of acute indigestion after a few hours illness.
He was buried in Trinity Church Cemetery in Manhattan on 14 April 1912 in a plot donated by the Trinity Corporation after his sister, Kate Perugini, had been contacted in London concerning the funeral arrangements. It had originally been thought that his body would be returned to England for burial. The funeral was attended by members of the American Dickens League, the Dickens Centenary Committee and other groups. In 1935 a permanent headstone of Barre, Vermont granite was placed at the grave, the funds for which were collected by the children of the Church School of the Chapel of the Intercession. The lettering on the headstone is believed to be the same as that on Charles Dickens's grave in Westminster Abbey in London.
His brother, Henry Fielding Dickens, wrote of him "He had been quite a stranger to the family from the time he went to Australia. He left two daughters, who came over to this country some years ago, and remain great favourites with all of us."
Every year at Christmas the congregation from the Episcopal Church across the street process to Dickens's grave, with the children carrying a lit candle. Gathering around the grave, the congregation sing several Christmas carols, led by the church choir. The tradition continues to this day.
His name appears with those of his nine siblings on the monument next to his mother's grave in Highgate Cemetery in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20017781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017781" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 85">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 85

The 85th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Snyder County and all of Union County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20017787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017787" title="Vita Nelson">
Vita Nelson

Vita Nelson is an entrepreneur and publisher and is the president of The Moneypaper, Inc., in Rye, NY, where she functions as editor of its numerous publications. She is often cited as an expert on DRIP investing, having been quoted in publications as prestigious as The Wall Street Journal.
Career.
Nelson graduated from Boston University with a degree in comparative literature. Her first job after college was at "Mademoiselle" magazine. She left "Mademoiselle" in 1960 to work on Wall Street for Granger & Company, working as a bond trader. 
In 1969, with the help of Barbara Robson, Marlene Goldrich, and Barbara Reifler, she began "Westchester Magazine," a monthly magazine that targeted Westchester County's upscale, arts-oriented crowd. She went on to sell the magazine in 1980 and began searching for a business to acquire or establish with the proceeds from that sale. In 1981, she decided to start her own financial newsletter, and the first issue of "The Moneypaper: A Financial Publication for Women" was published in 1982. She later dropped the subheading "after I started hearing from men who read the newsletter but subscribed to it under their wives' names," and has published it as simply "The Moneypaper" since that time.
Nelson was also involved in the creation of Temper of the Times Investor Services, Inc., a specialized broker that was initially created as a service for subscribers to "The Moneypaper". 
In 1999, she organized the MP 63 Fund (DRIPX), which she co-manages with David Fish, who also functions as the executive editor of Moneypaper Inc. publications. 
Her writing credits include "Create and Manage Your Own Mutual Fund", co-authored with Donald J. Korn in 1994. She also is the editor for the yearly publication, "The Moneypaper's Guide to Direct Investment Plans."
Commentary.
The following are a catalog of Vita Nelson's commentary in various publications.
The Wall Street Journal cited Nelson in a July 1999 article on DRIPs.
Forbes Magazine cited Nelson in a December, 2000 article.
"The Bull and Bear," a financial newsletter, ran an article authored by Vita Nelson in their December, 1999 issue.
The New York Times consulted Nelson for an article on DRIPs in September, 2000.
The Washington Post quotes Nelson in an article concerning DRIPs in a July, 1999 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20017792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017792" title="Dubice">
Dubice

Dubice is a small village in the north of the Czech Republic. It lies 13 kilometres from Usti nad Labem, near Dolni Zalezly or Rehlovice, 325 metres above sea level. It has 233 inhabitants and there are being built many new family houses for it has very beautiful nature. It is well known for its church Saint Barbora from where is an amazing view on Porta Bohemica and Labe. This church was built in 1589-1595 and rebuilt in 1643 and 1820. Next to it is a restaurant where you can sit and watch the Labe valley. Dubice also has a football team Sokol Dubice.

</doc>
<doc id="20017800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017800" title="The Complete Works (album series)">
The Complete Works (album series)

The Complete Works is a two-volume compilation album series of the titular complete works of space rock group Spiritualized. The first volume was released in 2003 and the second in 2004. All songs were written by J. Spaceman, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20017818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017818" title="Tornado Girl">
Tornado Girl

"Tornado Girl" is the eighth episode in the third season, the 49th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on November 13, 2008. The episode was written by Peter Elkoff and directed by John Terlesky.
Plot.
The day begins with Betty and Amanda walking to work when Betty gets a call from the printer, Phil, to let her know about the upcoming issue. Later at work she asks Daniel's help, but he's about to go to a Meade Publications retreat with the other execs and Betty convinces him to let her give final approval to the latest "Mode" issue, that's themed "Fashion in the Eye of the Storm" in his absence. 
At the printing press, Betty takes a look and gives her approval, and even takes a photo of her with the cover. But when she returns to Mode and hears about a devastating tornado in Kansas, she realizes that they can't go to print because the cover featuring a fashion tornado would trivialize the tragedy in the heartland. As Betty begs Phil to stop the issue, Phil says that he can't do it unless Daniel and Wilhelmina say so.
Betty tries to get hold of Daniel or Wilhelmina, but Claire has requested they surrender all their electronic equipment, so they can focus on creative revenue-generating schemes in an effort to see if Connor can help save the company. While Wilhelmina, who was reluctant to go to the retreat, finds herself being more attracted to Connor, especially during a hunting gun shoot, Daniel befriends a woman named Molly, who sprained an ankle falling on top of him from a tree. As they reach the retreat, Connor arrives to carry Molly...who happens to be his fiancee.
Marc is still thinking about his proposal to Cliff, and it affects Betty as she convinces him to drive her to the retreat to contact Daniel. Along the way, Betty and Amanda get caught up in Marc's fretting over his proposal and whether he should go through with it, until Amanda accidentally causes the vehicle to veer off the road.
Betty walks off and wanders into a store while Marc and Amanda tend to Cliff's station wagon, and after being hit by a boy's toy plane, she gets the idea to hire a plane to skywrite "Daniel Call Betty" in the sky over the retreat. Daniel dutifully contacts Betty and says he'll stop the shipment, but Wilhelmina convinces him otherwise, believing that the callousness of the cover would actually sell issues. The stunt works and results in their highest sales ever, but Betty is publicly blamed and labeled "Tornado Girl" after the media somehow discover she had final approval. Betty becomes a pariah and is very upset at the media attention and hate mail she receives from readers. After discovering from Marc that Daniel told Phil to ship the issue, Betty confronts Daniel. Daniel's conscience is pricked, and in a press conference, he finally takes the blame for okaying the issue and adds that he will donate all profits to the tornado victims. Molly, who saw the news conference, comes over to talk to Daniel to say she was impressed. Wilhelmina watches them and gets the idea to ask Connor to assist her with a last minute assignment.
Meanwhile, Hilda starts an underground beauty salon with help from Justin when the city turns down her permit for a legal business, mostly because she's operating the business from the Suarez home. Unfortunately, as she and Betty went down to see Archie at his office to protest over her rejection, Archie is hesitant to help her obtain one, saying that "The law is the law." This does not sit well with Ignacio, who tells Hilda that she should fight back after he witnesses his daughter's secret operations by having customers come in via code name. Later on that day Archie arrives at the Suarez household to offer her a compromise: If she earns 30 percent from any product she sells, then she can get a license to run her business as a boutique instead, so he suggests that she sells candles. Hilda takes the suggestion, and as Justin watches even asks him to stop by again if he was looking for a haircut.
Later that evening Betty quizzes Marc about Cliff and the wedding proposal. Mark then comes clean to Betty about what he did that night at the rooftop party when he slept with another man, prompting Betty to tell Marc to do the right thing. Marc later admits to Cliff he crashed the car, and tells him about the one-night stand. Cliff walks away crying, unable to forgive Marc for what he did.
Casting.
This episode introduces Sarah LaFleur as Molly for a recurring stint. Ashley Jensen is absent from this episode. This marks David Blue's last recurring episode.
Reception.
"Willy goes hunting" was one way Tanner Stransky described this latest outing in Entertainment Weekly: "The scariest/most greatest thing ever happened on last night's "Ugly Betty": Wilhelmina wielded a hunting rifle! And no, she wasn't using it to kill of any of her rivals at Mode. Although, she did threaten Claire with it once. But honestly, who knew Willy was a hunter? Of course, the situation brought about a plethora of great one-liners for the ferocious editrix, which brings us right to the issue at hand. Last night's equally heart-warming (Daniel's love for Betty is so sweet) and sad (poor Cliff!) episode, as usual, was rife with quippy quips and bitey bites."
Ratings.
While it placed second behind "", the episode had its best numbers with a 6.3/10 rating, a 2.8/7 in 18-49s, and 9.2 million viewers overall, an increase of 250,000 more viewers and its third straight increase in the last three episodes so far this season.

</doc>
<doc id="20017851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017851" title="Sophie Lyons">
Sophie Lyons

Sophie Lyons (December 24, 1848 – May 8, 1924) was an American criminal and one of the country's most notorious female thieves, pickpockets, shoplifters and confidence women during the mid-to-late 19th century. She and her husbands Ned Lyons and Billy Burke were among the most sought-after career criminals in the United States and Canada, being wanted in several major cities including Philadelphia, Boston and Montreal, from the 1860s until the turn of the 20th century.
She and Ned Lyons were also prominent underworld figures in New York City during the post-American Civil War era as associates of Marm Mandelbaum, Sophie Lyons being a member of Mandelbaum's "inner circle" during the 1860s and 1870s. She eventually retired from criminal life and spent her later years involved in the rehabilitation of juvenile delinquents, and providing financial assistance and housing for reformed criminals and their families. Her autobiography, "Why Crime Does Not Pay" (1913), was published and distributed by publisher William Randolph Hearst.
Biography.
Early life and criminal career.
Lyons was born to a family of criminals: her grandfather was a known safe-cracker and both her parents had criminal records prior to immigrating to the United States from England. Her mother, Baltimore shoplifter Sophie Elkins, was a ""keeper of a disorderly house"" in New York's East Side, and supposedly forced her out into the street to steal. Lyons claimed she had been first caught stealing at the age of 3 and tried at the Essex Market police court, although she was again arrested for shoplifting at 12.
Sophie married another pickpocket when she was 16, a Maury Harris, but the marriage ended when Harris was arrested and sentenced to New York State Prison for two years. During her youth, she became known as a skilled pickpocket and confidence woman. She was considered a consummate actress who, even when caught by her victim, was able to ""counterfeit every shade of emotion"" to persuade them to release her. According to one incident in 1880, she was able to convince a store detective that she suffered from kleptomania.
She eventually married Ned Lyons, known then as "King of the Bank Robbers", and together they had three children. Two years after their marriage, Ned Lyons was able to purchase a villa on Long Island from his share in a major bank robbery. Although he tried to discourage Sophie from pickpocketing, she continued to do so and eventually both were imprisoned. Soon after Ned's escape from New York State Prison in 1872, he returned to New York to help Sophie escape from prison, by using a disguise to infiltrate Sing Sing and breaking through the wall of her jail cell. They escaped to Paris where Sophie Lyons lived under the name Madame d'Varney and the two continued their criminal activities.
Court battle with George Lyons.
On the afternoon of January 31, 1880, Sophie returned to the Essex Market police court where she brought her youngest son, 14-year-old George Lyons, before the magistrate. She claimed that he refused to attend school, often left home at nights to sleep in the streets and ""was so generally unruly"" that she requested that he be put in a juvenile correctional facility. After she had finished, George Lyons shouted ""that woman is a thief and a shoplifter. I have seen her steal in Montreal and elsewhere"". He denied his mother's charges, claiming she wanted to get rid of him, and that he had ""recommendations showing his good character"". He went on to make further criminal charges against his mother, continuing ""Yes, you want to get rid of me, and you're my mother. How can I tell you are when you have two husbands with whom you go all over the country, stealing everywhere ?"" These accusations caused a disturbance in the court room and the magistrate called for a recess to listen to both mother and son in private.
Sophie Lyons confessed to her criminal past and being the wife of Ned Lyons, however she maintained that she had spent considerable time and effort trying to keep her son from becoming a criminal. She had sent him to three colleges in Canada (her two daughters attended schools in Germany ) but he returned to New York where he began frequenting underworld resorts, including Dan Kerrigan's infamous Sixth Street saloon, where he performed as a singer, and associating with known criminals. She also said that her son had obtained at least one of his recommendations by threatening a former employer, a Kate B. Woodward, with a carving knife.
After hearing of this incident, Sophie invited her son to their home on Montgomery Street and had him arrested by waiting police officers. George Lyons admitted he did have an argument with Ms. Woodward, who had withheld his pocket watch, but denied intimidating her to obtaining his recommendation. He did admit to picking up a carving knife during the argument, but did not use it towards her or use threatening language. He was reportedly disruptive while his mother made her statement, making claims of child neglect and abandonment. The magistrate ruled that George Lyons would be held in custody until the claims of both parties could be investigated. George, being informed that he would not be released, had to be escorted from the court room by police, and attempted to choke himself by swallowing a handkerchief.
Last days in New York.
Sophie Lyons spent much of the 1890s in the Midwestern United States as a member of a burglary gang led by Billy Burke, whom she would later marry. She returned to New York in 1895 and, after her arrest by noted police detective Stephen O'Brien, she was put under close police surveillance by Brooklyn detectives, under orders from Superintendent McKelvey.
On the afternoon of June 21, 1896, Lyons entered a dry goods store at Sixth Avenue and Fourteenth Street. Lyons, then using the alias Mary Watson, was approached by store detective Mary Plunkett, who had recognized her, and who informed her she was wanted by local police. When Lyons dismissed her, Plunkett grabbed her arm, attempting to bring her in by force. A crowd began to gather as the argument escalated. Plunkett told the crowd that ""one of the most notorious pickpockets in the world was standing before them"". At that point, Lyons got free of Plunkett and left the store, with the detective in pursuit. Plunkett pursued Lyons onto a street car where she informed the driver that Lyons was wanted by police. The driver allowed Lyons onto the street car, replying to Plunkett it was none of his business. As they reached Eighteenth Street, Plunkett was able to call two patrolmen and had Lyons placed under arrest.
Lyons refused to be taken back to the dry goods store, insisting that she be searched to prove her innocence, but was instead arrested and taken to the Mercer Street police station. She was held at the precinct until her arraignment at the Jefferson Market police court on June 22. She was charged with the theft of a pocketbook from an unknown woman in New Jersey, which contained $12 and a railroad ticket, and it was requested by the court that she be remanded. Her lawyer, Emanuel Friend, successfully argued for her release, pointing out the largely vague circumstances of the charges, as well as the absence of the store detective. The magistrate agreed that the city had no evidence to prosecute Lyons and dismissed her case.
Retirement and later years.
Following her "retirement" from crime in 1913, Sophie eventually settled in Detroit where she wrote her memoirs, ""Why Crime Does Not Pay"", and became a known philanthropist and prison reformer. She also owned forty houses, not including vacant property, due to real estate and business investments worth half a million dollars. She publicly offered to provide rent-free homes for any criminals with families who were brought to Detroit by the Pathfinders' Club reform group. On February 2, 1916, she announced at the Pathfinders' annual dinner that she would be donating land worth $35,000 to establish a building for juvenile delinquents.
The Pathfinders' Club operated a similar "character building" facility at Lafayette Boulevard at Twenty-Fourth Street. Lyons specified that the gift was offered on the condition that ""The home is to be devoted to the work of convincing children who have begun to be criminals that they have chosen the wrong path, and also to training them so that they will have the strength to go alright. A secondary purpose is to provide a place in which adults who have fallen into crime may get a new start in life"".
In July 1922, the 76-year-old Lyons discovered her house had been robbed of between $6,000-$7,000 in bonds and $13,000 in diamonds. She had returned to her Detroit home after a day trip to Put-in-Bay to find her house ""ransacked and the floor strewn with empty boxes, books and other articles"". She claimed the diamonds were a gift from her son who had recently died in Seattle. She commented to reporters stating I have no idea who did the 'job,' and I am unhappy to think that men would do such a thing to an old woman who devotes a large income to prison relief work"". She died two years later on May 8, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20017855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017855" title="John M. Ackerman">
John M. Ackerman

Dr. John Mill Ackerman Rose is an author as well as a professor at the Institute of Legal Research of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) and vice president of the International Association of Administrative Law. He received his MA and PhD in Political Sociology from the University of California, Santa Cruz, while he earned his undergraduate degree from Swarthmore College. He has contributed to international newspapers such as Proceso, La Jornada, El Universal, Reforma of Mexico, The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune, San Francisco Chronicle, Houston Chronicle, San Diego Union-Tribune in the United States and The Guardian in the United Kingdom on the topics of corruption control, elections, transparency, accountability, autonomous institutions and citizen participation. He has also published research results in World Development, Administrative Law Review, Boletín Mexicano de Derecho Comparado, Mexican Law Review, Gestión y Política Pública, Perfiles Latinoamericanos. He has also served as a senior consultant for the World Bank as well as a consultant for the United States Agency for International Development, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, PNUD, Global Integrity, Open Society Institute, International Budget Partnership, Secretary of the Public Function, United Nations Development Programme, Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation, the Chamber of Deputies and for the Head of Government of the Federal District.
He is the son of noted political scientist Bruce Ackerman.

</doc>
<doc id="20017859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017859" title="Theater Lübeck">
Theater Lübeck

The Theater Lübeck (formerly "Stage of the Hansestadt Lübeck", colloquially "Stadttheater") is one of the largest theaters in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is managed by "Theater Lübeck GmbH", a state-owned company of the Hansestadt Lübeck.
Public interest in theatrical works and opera arose in Lübeck in the early days of the Age of Enlightenment and the first opera production in the city took place on 2 June 1746 in the house of master craftsman Schröder Ecke on the Königstraße. The predecessor of the current building dates from 1752. The transition of the company to the city in the 19th century is described by Thomas Mann in his novel "Buddenbrooks".
Prominent conductors that began their careers in Lübeck include Hermann Abendroth, Wilhelm Furtwängler and Christoph von Dohnányi.
Structure.
The Theater was built in 1908 in the Art Nouveau style, on the site of an 18th century theater on the Beckergrube in Lübeck's Old City. It was designed by Martin Dülfer and construction was funded by local businessman and philanthropist Emil Possehl. The reliefs on the sandstone facade are the work of sculptor Georg Roemer. The relief in the center depicts "Apollo and the Nine Muses", with Comedy and Tragedy represented on either side. The gable end supports depicting Caryatids and Atlas are the work of Hamburg plasterer Karl Weinberger. The facade received a complete restoration in the 1990s.
The theater today.
The theater offerings cover all kinds of cultural activities, including opera, ballet, chamber music, and plays, as well as concerts of the Lübeck Philharmonic Orchestra.
The theater management has included Karl Vibach (1968–1978), Hans Thoenies (1978–1991), Dietrich von Oertzen (1991–2000) and Marc Adam (2000–2007). Since 2007 the theater has been managed by committee.
50% of the proceeds of "Theater Lübeck GmbH" go to the city of Lübeck. 12.5% each go to the regional governments of the surrounding districts of Herzogtum Lauenburg and Nordwestmecklenburg, the Chamber of Commerce("Kaufmannschaft"), and the "Gesellschaft der Theaterfreunde e. V. Lübeck" (Friends of the Theater).
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20017890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017890" title="Gants Mill">
Gants Mill

Gants Mill is a watermill on the River Brue in Pitcombe near Bruton, Somerset, England.
Much of the current mill was built in 1810 but includes parts of the 18th century building and possibly some material from earlier mills, as there has been a mill on the same site since about 1290 which was originally a fulling mill. It is a grade II* listed building, and takes its name from John le Gaunt who owned it in 1290. The mill was owned for four centuries by the Weston family and papers relating to the mill are now held in the Somerset Record office.
Most of the machinery, including the grindstones, conveyors, sackhoist and grain bins, date from 1888 and is still used for grinding animal feed and occasionally whole wheat flour. A British Empire turbine by Armfields of Ringwood was also installed. Steam power was introduced in 1883, and replaced by semi-diesel in 1914.
The South Somerset Hydropower Group was begun in 2001 and the first turbine, at Gants Mill, was commissioned in 2003. It was turned on by Adam Hart Davis on Friday 23 April 2004. It now produces up to 12kW of electricity from a 300mm crossflow turbine. The system uses a crossflow turbine made by Valley Hydro of Cornwall, and has a maximum flow rate of 495 litres per second.
Brian Shingler is the sixth generation of his family to act as the miller.
The water garden includes seasonal displays of iris, roses, delphiniums, day lilies, clematis, and dahlias.

</doc>
<doc id="20017896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017896" title="Juanita (Underworld song)">
Juanita (Underworld song)

"Juanita" is the title of a promotional 1996 single release and a song by Underworld, from their album "Second Toughest in the Infants". It was the regular set-opener of their "Second Toughest in the Infants" and "Beaucoup Fish" tours.

</doc>
<doc id="20017904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017904" title="Actinidia polygama">
Actinidia polygama

Actinidia polygama (also known as silver vine and cat powder) is a nontoxic plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It grows in the mountainous areas of Japan and China at elevations between 500 and 1900 m.
Silver vine can reach up to 5–6 m high at maturity. It is a deciduous climber and is frost tender. The petiole leaves are silver and white in color and 6–13 cm long and 4–9 cm wide. These colorful markings make the plant identifiable from afar, until the flowering season when the leaves turn completely green.
The flowering season lasts from late June to early July, in which the plant bears white flowers about 2.5 cm in diameter. The longevity of an individual flower is 2–3 d, when the plant also starts to develop small, yellow to yellow-red, egg-shaped, fleshy, and multiseeded fruits, which mature from September to October. The fruit is about 1.5 cm wide and 3.0–4.0 cm long. The inside of the fruit resembles the common kiwifruit, but it is orange in color rather than green.
The silver vine plant requires moist, well-drained soil, and partial shade to full sun. This fast-growing vine makes for good cover on a fence or trellis. It is becoming increasingly popular as an edible fruit crop. 
Uses.
Traditional medicine.
Silver vine has been used for its medicinal benefits for centuries. In traditional Chinese and Japanese medicine, it has been used for a wide range of health problems, including:
In Korean Buddhism, silver vine was soaked in traditional Korean sauces and used for diuresis, alleviation of pain, hypertension, genital troubles, and bronchitis.
It is said that:<br>“Old, weary travelers, (come) back to life to eat the fruit of vine and then continue their journey”.
Culinary.
The fruit in the “acorn” shape can be salted and eaten raw, fried in oil, added to rice, or mixed with sesame seeds and mayonnaise to top salads. The fruit may also be fermented to make "Matatabi sake" and "miso", a fruit wine, or used to extract the juice. The leaves, buds, and stems can also be ground into a powder or cut, steamed, and seeped to make tea. Adding mint or sugar can give variations in the tea.
Products.
Grinding the leaves and stems into a coarser grind than needed for the tea makes "Matatabi" grass, which is used as bath salts. The vine is used as material for folk crafts, and the sap is collected to make lotions.
Pets.
Silver vine has long been known to elicit euphoric response in cats. It is the most popular cat treat in Asia, thus sometimes cited in Japanese comics. The reaction to silver vine is similar to the catnip response, but appears to be more intense. Typical behaviors include rolling, chin and cheek rubbing, drooling, and licking. The effect usually lasts between five and 30 minutes, and cats will usually visit silver vine again after about 20–30 minutes.
Health benefits.
Silver vine has been used for centuries in Asia as a preventative health aid and is still commonly used as an alternative therapy for hypertension, arthritic pain, and was investigated as treatment for cancer. Researchers have claimed, "Silver vine should find applications in various fields of foods and medicals and will be increasingly regarded as a health-promoting food".
Silver vine leaves also have a high content of flavonoids, terpenoids, saponins, and beta-carotene. This plant is also rich in alkaloids. Its vitamin C content is 10 times higher than that of green tea, and was "much higher than those of fruit species such as garden strawberry, kiwi berry, haskap , blueberry, and lemon". Silver vine also has as much vitamin E as found in soybeans.
The health benefits of silver vine are not limited to its natural vitamins and minerals. It may be an effective treatment for hyperlipidemia, and may have viability as an anticancer drug. When the leaf powder was given orally, it inhibited the spread of cancer in small animals and reduced tumor weight by more than 72% after day 32. Further, a lemon juice extract powder of silver vine tea showed hepatoprotection in rats which is attributed to antioxidant and free radical-scavenging properties.
The anti-inflammatory properties of this plant, used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and to alleviate arthritis pain, were put to the test against inflammation in the lungs. Fruit extract from the plant had deep inhibitory effects on airway inflammation caused by allergic inflammation and asthma when combined with cyclosporine A.

</doc>
<doc id="20017911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017911" title="The Blues and the Abstract Truth, Take 2">
The Blues and the Abstract Truth, Take 2

"The Blues and The Abstract Truth, Take2" is a tribute album to Oliver Nelson by American jazz pianist Bill Cunliffe, particularly Nelson's 1961 "The Blues and the Abstract Truth".

</doc>
<doc id="20017932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017932" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 86">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 86

The 86th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Franklin County and all of Perry County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20017952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017952" title="Manufacturing execution system">
Manufacturing execution system

Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) are computerized systems used in manufacturing. MES can provide the right information at the right time and show the manufacturing decision maker "how the current conditions on the plant floor can be optimized to improve production output." MES work in real time to enable the control of multiple elements of the production process (e.g. inputs, personnel, machines and support services).
MES might operate across multiple function areas, for example: management of product definitions across the product life-cycle,
resource scheduling, order execution and dispatch, production analysis for Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE), and materials track and trace.
The idea of MES might be seen as an intermediate step between, on the one hand, an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, and a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) or process control system on the other; although historically, exact boundaries have fluctuated.
Benefits.
"Manufacturing Execution Systems create flawless manufacturing processes and provide real-time feedback of requirement changes," and provide information at a single source. Other benefits from successful MES implementation might include:
History.
In the early 1980s, MES concepts originated from data collection systems. A wide variety of systems arose using collected data for a dedicated purpose. Further development of these systems during the 1990s introduced overlap in functionality. Then the Manufacturing Enterprise Solutions Association (MESA) introduced some structure by defining 11 functions that set the scope of MES. In 2000, the ANSI/ISA-95 standard merged this model with the Purdue Reference Model (PRM).
A functional hierarchy was defined in which MES were situated at Level 3 between ERP at Level 4 and process control at Levels 0, 1, 2. Activities in Level 3 were divided over four main operations: production, quality, logistics and maintenance.
Additional parts of the ANSI/ISA-95 standard defined the architecture of an MES into more detail, covering how to internally distribute functionality and what information to exchange internally as well as externally.
Functional areas.
Over the years, international standards and models have refined the scope of such systems in terms of activities, that typically include:
Relationship with other Enterprise systems.
MES integrates with ISA-95 (previous Purdue Reference Model, “95”) with multiple relationships.
Relationship with other Level 3 systems.
The collection of systems acting on the ISA-95 Level 3 can be called Manufacturing Operations Management Systems (MOMS). Apart from an MES these are typically Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS), Warehouse Management System (WMS) and computerized maintenance management system (CMMS). From the MES point of view possible information flows are:
Relationship with Level 4 systems.
Examples of systems acting on ISA-95 Level 4 are Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Human Resource Management (HRM), Process Development Execution System (PDES). From the MES point of view possible information flows are:
In many cases, Middleware Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) systems are being used to exchange transaction messages between MES and Level 4 systems. A common data definition, B2MML, has been defined within the ISA-95 standard to link MES systems to these Level 4 systems.
Relationship with Level 0, 1, 2 systems.
Systems acting on ISA-95 Level 2 are Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA), Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC), Distributed Control Systems (DCS) and Batch Automation Systems. Information flows between MES and these process control systems are roughly similar:
Most MES systems include connectivity as part of their product offering. Direct communication of plant floor equipment data is established by connecting to the Programmable logic controllers (PLC). Often, plant floor data is first collected and diagnosed for real-time control in a Distributed control system (DCS) or Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system. In this case, the MES systems connect to these Level 2 system for exchanging plant floor data.
The industry standard for plant floor connectivity is OLE for process control (OPC).

</doc>
<doc id="20017989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20017989" title="Sneakin' Suspicion (song)">
Sneakin' Suspicion (song)

"Sneakin' Suspicion" is a song by the band Dr. Feelgood. It was recorded in 1977 and appeared as the first track on their same titled album, "Sneakin' Suspicion", which was released in May that year. It was recorded at the Rockfield Studios, and mixed at the Media Sounds Studios, New York. 
"Sneakin' Suspicion" was also issued as a single in the UK in May 1977. It reached number 47 in the UK Singles Chart, and spent three weeks in the listing. Written by Wilko Johnson, and produced by Bert de Coteaux, the song was Dr. Feelgood's debut hit single. and the Feelgood's only hit single to feature Wilko Johnson, the other five all featuring Gypie Mayo.
The B-side of the record, "Lights Out", was written by Seth David and Mac Rebennack.
The track was Dr. Feelgood's first UK charted song but it was not their first single release. "Sneakin' Suspicion" was preceded by "Roxette" (November 1974), "She Does It Right" (March 1975), "Back in the Night" (July 1975) and "Roxette" (live) (September 1976). Plus "Riot In Cell Block No. 9" (live) b/w "Johnny B. Goode" (live) was a free 7" single available with their September 1976 live album, "Stupidity".
The sleeve shown is from the German release, as the UK release did not have a picture sleeve. 
"Sneakin' Suspicion" was also later included in Dr. Feelgood's 1997's compilation album, "Twenty Five Years of Dr. Feelgood".

</doc>
<doc id="20018018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018018" title="List of rivers of Zambia">
List of rivers of Zambia

This is a list of rivers in Zambia. This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.

</doc>
<doc id="20018020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018020" title="Alfie Biggs">
Alfie Biggs

Alfred George 'Alfie' Biggs (8 February 1936 – 20 April 2012) was an English professional footballer, who spent the vast majority of his career at Bristol Rovers.
Biggs grew up as one of 8 children in the Knowle West area of Bristol where he attended Ilminster Avenue and Connaught Road schools.
Nicknamed "The Baron" Biggs played as a forward who scored a total of 211 goals in The Football League. He began his career at Bristol Rovers, starting out as a junior at the club before progressing to the first team in 1953 at the age of seventeen. He played for the club for eight years before heading north to play for Preston North End for a single season. He returned to his home city of Bristol in 1962 for a further six years. His final season as a professional footballer was 1968–69, during which he spent time with Bristol Rovers, Walsall and Swansea Town. After this he dropped out of the league to play for Taunton Town.
Biggs died at the age 76 at his home in Poole, Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="20018026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018026" title="Latin Lover (album)">
Latin Lover (album)

Latin Lover is the fifth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1982

</doc>
<doc id="20018030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018030" title="Oscar Swartz">
Oscar Swartz

Per Oscar Swartz (Dec 1, 1959) is a Swedish entrepreneur, writer and blogger.
Oscar Swartz was born in Solna, Stockholm County. He is the great-grandson of the former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Swartz, and a second cousin of the publisher Eva Swartz and the journalist Richard Swartz. He has a doctorate in economics and managerial economics from the Stockholm School of Economics. In 1994 he founded Bahnhof, the first independent Internet service provider in Sweden. He left the company in 2004 after some internal disputes.
Since July 2005 he runs the blog "Texplorer" where he covers issues such as information technology, freedom and integrity on the Internet, file sharing and intellectual property. He has authored two reports, published by the Swedish liberal free market think tank Timbro, on these issues. He is a member of the Swedish Pirate Party.
Swartz is openly gay. In 1995 he co-founded the magazine "QX", which is today the largest magazine for LGBT people in Scandinavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20018043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018043" title="List of lakes of Zambia">
List of lakes of Zambia

This is a list of lakes in Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="20018062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018062" title="List of waterfalls of Zambia">
List of waterfalls of Zambia

This is a list of waterfalls in Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="20018091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018091" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 87">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 87

The 87th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Cumberland County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20018096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018096" title="Howard Corning">
Howard Corning

Howard William Corning (April 17, 1879 – September 29, 1924) was a cattle farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Yarmouth County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1916 and from 1920 to 1924 as a Liberal-Conservative member. He was house leader of the party from 1921 until his death in 1924.
He was born in Chegoggin, Yarmouth County, Nova Scotia, the son of William Corning and Hannah Hibbard. In 1901, he married Eleanor Gertrude Churchill. He served as president of the Nova Scotia Farmers' Association in 1913 and 1914 and was also secretary for the Guernsey Breeders' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20018098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018098" title="Otto von Feldmann">
Otto von Feldmann

Otto von Feldmann (6 August 1873, Berlin - 20 May 1945) was a German officer and politician.
Feldmann attended the Royal Grammar School in Bydgoszcz, the Kaiser-Wilhelm-and Ratsgymnasium Hanover, the Kadettenvoranstalt in Potsdam and the main cadet institution in gross-Lichterfelde near Berlin. He joined to the Military in 1907. 1910-1912, he served as company chief in the Grenadier regiment 5, then again in the General Staff. Beginning with 1913, Feldmann changed the framework of the German military mission in the Ottoman Empire. He was initially departmental chief in the General Staff, then Chief of Staff of 1st Army and finally as Feldmann Pasha chief of surgery department at the Ottoman General Headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="20018153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018153" title="Minia">
Minia

Minia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20018175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018175" title="José Reyes Ferriz">
José Reyes Ferriz

José Reyes Estrada Ferriz (born Chihuahua, Chihuahua, 23 July 1961) is a Mexican politician, affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the municipal president (equivalent of a mayor) of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, from 2007 to 2010.
José Reyes Ferriz is the son of José Reyes Estrada Aguirre, who also served as Municipal President of Ciudad Juárez from 1980 to 1983. Reyes Ferriz is a law graduate from the Autonomous University of Ciudad Juárez and has a master's degree from the University of Notre Dame Law School in the United States. He has been a member of the PRI since 1984.
In 2001, following the cancellation of the local election in Ciudad Juárez, the Congress of Chihuahua appointed him to serve as the municipal president on an interim basis until a special election could be held. 
In 2004, Governor José Reyes Baeza Terrazas put him in charge of revenue collection in Ciudad Juárez, a position he left in 2007 to seek the PRI's candidacy for the 2007 municipal presidential election.
On 22 April 2007, Reyes Ferriz was selected as the PRI's candidate for mayor of Juárez, and on 1 July 2007 he was elected to serve as Juárez's municipal president for the 2007–10 period.
Reyes Ferriz has been brought into the national and international spotlight as drug-related violence on the Mexican-American border has escalated in 2008 and 2009. Ciudad Juárez is directly across the border from El Paso, Texas, and has been called "The Most Dangerous City in the Americas".

</doc>
<doc id="20018190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018190" title="Terry Hanson">
Terry Hanson

Terry Hanson is an American radio personality of the John Boy and Billy Big Show, a nationally syndicated radio show. He was the first head of the sports division at TBS Sports and an National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) National Men's Soccer Coach of the Year. He has also owned and operated the Charlotte, North Carolina-based Hanson Enterprises since 1994.
Biography.
Hanson was born in East St. Louis, Illinois, on June 16, 1947. He earned a bachelor’s degree in Education from St. Benedict’s College (now Benedictine College) in Atchison, Kansas, in 1968; two years later, in 1970, Hanson earned his master’s degree in Education from Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. After this, he began his professional career at Benedictine College in Atchison, Kansas, where he was the head coach in both soccer and baseball, and he was named the National Soccer Coach of the Year in 1974 by the NAIA.
Hanson spent four summers as an associate scout for two major league baseball teams: the Philadelphia Phillies and the San Diego Padres. He also spent five seasons as a senior executive for three North American Soccer League (1968–1984) teams: the Rochester Lancers, the Washington Diplomats, and the Atlanta Chiefs.
From 1980 to 1984, Hanson worked as a Turner Sports executive. In 1982, Hanson, Robert Wussler, and Russ Potts successfully outbid CBS to air what was dubbed "The Game of the Decade" on Turner Network Television—a college basketball game pitting The University of Virginia against the Georgetown Hoyas in a matchup which featured the two biggest stars in college basketball at the time, Ralph Sampson and Patrick Ewing. This was an important step for sports broadcasting on cable television, as high profile sporting event broadcasts had always been featured on major networks prior to this. it was also the first use of the name "Turner Network Television" (or TNT).
From 1984-1991, Hanson was a PGA Tour executive serving as Director of Communications and Broadcasting. He also negotiated network coverage.
Hanson was hired in 1991 to oversee the Raycom Sports events division, which included the Blockbuster Bowl and the Diet Pepsi Tournament of Champions, later titled by Harris Teeter, Food Lion and Hardee’s, which was a high profile college basketball tournament.
Since 2007, Hanson has been a regular ensemble member on The John Boy and Billy Big Show. He has also done television color analyst work in college basketball and professional soccer.
Medical intervention.
In 2005, Charlotte Observer writer Michael Gordon wrote an article titled, “Life, Death and Terry Hanson.” In the article, Gordon documents three separate times in Hanson’s life when he was in the right place at the right time to come to a person’s rescue:

</doc>
<doc id="20018199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018199" title="Hasan Izzet Pasha">
Hasan Izzet Pasha

Hasan Izzet Pasha (Turkish: "Hasan İzzet Paşa", "Hasan İzzet Arolat", 1871; Constantinople (Istanbul) – 3 March 1931) was a general of the Ottoman Empire.
Early life.
Hasan Izzet born in the 1871 to mother Süreyya Hanım and father Ali Muhsin Pasha in Aksaray neighborhood of Istanbul. 
He graduated from the Ottoman Military Academy ("Mekteb-i Füsûn-u Harbiyye-i Şâhâne") in 1890 and the Staff College ("Mekteb-i Erkân-ı Harbiye-i Şâhâne", present day: Harp Akademisi) on 23 March 1893 as a Staff Captain ("Erkân-ı Harp Yüzbaşısı").
Military career.
He was appointed to the fourth department of the General Staff by the order of Sultan Abdülhamid II on 14 April 1894. On 7 May 1895, he was promoted to the rank of Senior Captain ("Kolağası") and on 12 May 1895, he participated in the military staff excursion to Üsküp (present day: Skopje). On 29 October 1896, he was assigned the War Academy.
1897 Greco-Turkish War.
On 21 April 1897, he was promoted to the rank of Major ("Binbaşı") and assigned service in the Alasonya Army ("Alasonya Ordusu"), a field army will attack Elassona area. During 1897 Greco-Turkish War, he was assigned the 2nd Neşet Bey Division ("İkinci Neşet Bey Fırkası") and took part in the Battle of Domokos ("Dömeke Muharebesi"). On 17 July 1897 he was called bask to Istanbul and appointed in the commander of the Greek Border.
Interwar period.
And then he was appointed to the inspector of examination of Edirne Military High School ("Edirne Askerî İdadisi") on 30 November 1897 and appointed to the teacher of tactics (Artillery, Cavalry, Infantry) of the War Academy on 21 March 1898. He had been in Damascus for the inspection and examination of the Damascus Military High School ("Şam Askerî İdadisi"). He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel ("Kaymakam") on 2 October 1900, to the rank of Colonel ("Miralay") on 23 April 1905. He was appointed to the fourth department of the General Staff on 26 March 1906.
He went to Romania to observe a military exercise and awarded with a 2nd class order by the Romanian government on 4 August 1907. On 25 June 1908, he was appointed to the member of the military tribunal that was established because of some important affairs. Then he was appointed to the commander of the 17th Division stationed in Siroz (Serez, present day: Serres).
31 March Incident.
After the 31 March Incident, he was commissioned commander as the commander of the Provisional Division of the Action Army in 1909. On 2 July 1911, he was appointed to the commander of the 1st Division under the command of the I Corps.
Balkan Wars.
During the First Balkan War, he went to Babaeski and was appointed the commander of the 9th Division by the order of the Eastern Army ("Şark Ordusu"). He took part in battles at Petra (present day: Kayalı village in the central district of Kırklareli Province) on 9–10 October 1912 and Taştabya, Vize and Çatalca. He was promoted to the rank of Mirliva on 19 December 1912. On 21 January 1913, he was appointed the commander of the I Corps (part of the left wing of the Çatalca Army) by proxy. And then he was appointed the commander of the 18th Division on 6 March 1913. 
During the Second Balkan War, he commanded the II Corps under the Çatalca Army commanded directly by Ahmet Izzet Pasha and took part in the advance to Adrianople. After the armistice, on 24 December 1913, he was appointed to the commander of the III Corps.
World War.
After the 1914 mobilization of World War I, Sultan Mehmed V asked him to be the commander of the Third Army. He was the commander during Bergmann Offensive. He feared in the background of the ill and rapid changes in the Army leadership during the preparations for the Battle of Sarıkamış. He also opposed Enver Pasha to attack prematurely during Battle of Sarıkamış. He gave his post as commander of the Third Army on 18 December 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20018204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018204" title="Sicilian regional election, 1991">
Sicilian regional election, 1991

The Sicilian regional election of 1991 was held on 16 June 1991.
Christian Democracy resulted by far the largest party, while the Italian Socialist Party came second. These two parties continued to govern the Region at the head of different coalitions which comprised in different times the Democratic Party of the Left, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party, the Italian Republican Party and the Italian Liberal Party.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="20018206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018206" title="First Into Nagasaki">
First Into Nagasaki

First Into Nagasaki: The Censored Eyewitness Dispatches on Post-Atomic Japan and Its Prisoners of War is a collection of reports by "Chicago Daily News" foreign correspondent George Weller. Originally written in 1945 but not approved for publication by Gen. Douglas MacArthur's military censors, the reports were collected and edited by the author's son Anthony Weller, and published for the first time in 2006.
Synopsis.
The Occupation authorities declared Nagasaki (and Hiroshima) off-limits to reporters.
Weller reports that he was the first outside observer to reach Nagasaki, on September 6, 1945, four weeks following the U.S. atomic bombing of the city. He spent a total of three weeks in Nagasaki and in the nearby Allied P.O.W. camps — some of which he "opened", and revisits the series of news reports he published at the time about his experiences.
The first dispatches by non-Japanese reporters were filed by Associated Press correspondent Vern Haugland and "New York Times" Lawrence who visited Nagasaki September 9, 1945. Captain Joe Snyder, press officer with MacArthur headquarters, in his book "Para(graph) Trooper For MacArthur: From the Horse Cavalry to the USS Missouri" 1997 Chapter 16 "Nagasaki Inferno" pp199–209 describes "boarding a transport plane packed with reporters headed for Nagasaki.example: photographers 1. see Google image search Nagasaki Bernard Hoffman (LIFE Magazine) 2. Bettmann/CORBIS September 13, 1945 Stanley Troutman (Acme war pool) 3. Nagasaki and verso Other officers and correspondents headed for Hiroshima about the same time, so the world would soon know more than it was prepared to digest about the horrors of the atomic bomb. ... I toured the city with the AP's Jim Hutcheson, among others. He and I had become good friends since our narrow escape on Corregidor. ... There were thousands of stories in Nagasaki and our group saw many pitiful sights of people with radiation burns who, in dreadful agony, were slowly dying. The first thing Japanese doctors asked was if American doctors had a cure for the bomb's effects on the human body. ... We received a report from GHQ that American doctors were coming to Nagasaki soon..." Snyder acknowledges what he calls Wilfrid Burchett's "ingenuity" in successfully reporting from Hiroshima. Snyder does not mention George Weller or any dispatches of George Weller's from Nagasaki. Joe Snyder owner and editor of the North Missourian and Walter Cronkite CBS are both recipients of the Missouri School of Journalism Honor Medal.
From the first days of the Occupation reporters were cleared to cover freeing and rescue operations on behalf of these prisoners. Weller comments: "What the command wanted covered was the prison camps of northern Japan. The dam was to be opened to one last orgy of home town stories, more mindless and more alike than the slow molasses drippings of four years of sloppy, apolitical, dear-mom war...I did not feel that the right way to end this war was to...chew more fodder about what-beasts-the-Japs-are and Jimmy-looks-skinnier-today." 
The U.S. military in Tokyo censored approximately 55,000 words of his dispatches, along with more than 100 photographs.
However, Weller does not refer to governmental censorship of any photographs of his related to Nagasaki.
On January 7, 2009 the "Telegraph" published Nagasaki photographs dated September 5, 1945: "After we asked readers for stories and photographs relating to Britain at War, we received these fascinating photographs of Nagasaki and Hiroshima from Cecil A. Creber, who took them less than a month = September 5, 1945 after the atom bombs were dropped on both cities 6 and 9 1945." The "Linlithgow Gazette" November 28, 2008 "Amazing atomic aftermath pics set for key war archives" features a photo of Creber captioned "Life through a lens: Cecil with his faithful Ensign box camera."
On February 13, 2010 "Mainichi" published "New color footage of Nagasaki A-bomb devastation shows need for greater research resources" plus a 01/05/2010 Photo Special circa September 11, 1945 found at the United States National Archives in Washington D.C. by Professor Burke-Gaffney.
Weller writes these correspondents "looked like yacht passengers who have stopped to buy basketry on an island." He writes that Colonel McCrary "offered to take carbons of my stories and file them when airborne." The reporters under McCrary's leadership were not subject to censorship, making their dispatches especially valuable. Weller writes: "I refused." "How could I close up my atomic laboratory, with the work only half finished?"...and concludes with the explanation that his refusal is because he wanted to write "something free, big and formal...something ample, leisurely and magnificent." ["First into Nagasaki" page 19-20]
Haugland of The Associated Press states: "We offered Weller a ride back to Tokyo with us..."Haugland "infra" p. 20 Weller describes a feeling of "hopelessness" about his dispatches because the Kempeitai to whom he claims to have entrusted the stories had "returned to Nagasaki, but they had no message for me."["First into Nagasaki" page 21] Weller, although working as a reporter for a daily publication, chose to refuse an offered opportunity either to timely send his Nagasaki dispatches uncensored from the aircraft or alternatively to confront the Occupation censorship directly by filing in Tokyo, despite writing: "I wanted to be prepared to defend every line. If the stories were blocked as reprisal against me, I intended to take the case to MacArthur himself."["First into Nagasaki" page 18]
Weller traveled to Nagasaki from Kanoya airbase with Sergeant Gilbert Harrison. Harrison's career later included: Chairman of the American Veterans Committee; Editor and Publisher of the "The New Republic" magazine; author of several books. In Harrison's memoir ["Parts of a Past" iUniverse June 2009 pages 81–2] he describes carrying George Weller's Nagasaki reporting from an airstrip outside Nagasaki to the "Chicago Daily News" in Tokyo:
A "Boston Globe" article by Gerald R. Thorp of the "Chicago Daily News" "TOKYO, Sept. 10(CDN) 'New Brand of Jap to Him!'" indicates that Harrison was by September 10, 1945 accompanying correspondents in Tokyo.
The first dispatch presented in "First into Nagasaki" (see page 25 and photos on cover and back inside endpaper) is datelined "Nagasaki September 6" and reads: ..."After a 24-hour trip on what seemed like dozens of trains, the writer arrived here this afternoon as the first visitor from the outside Allied world." On "September 6" the "Chicago Daily News" printed a dispatch under Weller's byline datelined "Kanoya", which begins:
The remainder of Weller's dispatch consists of a series of direct quotations from men of this medical corps with names, addresses, and photographs (these last are not from in Japan but are formal military portraits). Samples:
After the September 6 dispatch from Kanoya, Weller's next dispatch was printed on September 12 with an "Ōmuta, Kyushu" dateline (Omuta was a prisoner of war camp approximately 100 miles by railroad from Nagasaki and twice that from Kanoya. Headlined "New Saga of Boldness For Wermuth as Captive" it is an account of the famous "One-Man-Army" Captain Arthur W. Wermuth continuing his leadership as a POW on a Hellship carrying prisoners to Japan.
Photographs.
The photograph in "First into Nagasaki" facing the "Introduction by Anthony Weller xv" is captioned "George Weller (r.) with Admiral Chester Nimitz on board the U.S.S. "Missouri" for the treaty signing, Tokyo Bay, September 2, 1945." This caption is incorrect since the figure on the left of the picture is not Fleet Admiral Nimitz, the signer as United States Representative of the proceedings' documents. In all still images and moving pictures of the Japanese surrender ceremony Nimitz is seen wearing Navy cap with full "scrambled eggs" denoting his five-star rank. The personage in the photograph appears to be John Knight, publisher of the "Chicago Daily News", who was in attendance on the USS "Missouri" as a guest of the Secretary of the Navy.
With reference to this photograph "supra" presented in "First into Nagasaki", the Battleship Missouri Memorial at Pearl Harbor: "can confirm that the individual pictured to the left in the photograph is not Fleet Admiral Nimitz." http://www.ussmissouri.org 
George Weller was actually photographed with a prominent naval figure Hiram Cassidyby the Associated Press on March 25, 1943 AP Images ID 4303250106. The picture was taken just before Weller's letter to the Foreign Editor of the "Chicago Daily News" quoted in "Weller's War" pp355–6. At left is Commander Hiram Cassedy[correct spelling, then Captain of "Searaven", hero of several submarine engagements in South-west Pacific ("Submarine Operations in World War II" US Naval Institute Eight Printing December 1965 pages 104,193-4,233,463). At right is George Weller wearing British-type tropical uniform of shorts and knee socks. Cassedy (later Admiral) commanding "Tigrone" went on to lead a submarine group "Hiram's Hecklers" and also to hold the Pacific record for "lifeguard" duty (with 31 rescues; Ibid. pp 471–3).
The "Chicago Daily News" September 8, 1945 printed prominently two photographs credited 'Associated Press Wirephoto' showing one American foreign correspondent amidst an obliterated surrounding former city. These photographs feature in the background what has become the widely recognized symbol for the atom bombs dropped on Japan, the shell of a pre-war structure which has been preserved as it looked then. Now commonly referred to as "A-Bomb Dome" it is on the UNESCO World Heritage List registered as "Hiroshima Peace Memorial." The CDN 1945 captions read:
Photographs of Nagasaki had already been printed September 1, 1945. Caption: "Nagasaki Today - Japanese workers (foreground) carry away debris in a devastated area of atom-bombed Nagasaki. Smokestacks and a lone building stand in the background. This picture is from Domei, official Jap news agency." Transmission credit is to Associated Press Wirephoto.
Photographs published in "First into Nagasaki" in 2006 already had appeared in the "Chicago Daily News" in 1945. added
Newspaper prints of Weller's stories.
The "Los Angeles Times" on September 16, 1945 published a front page article "By George Weller Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Nagasaki. (Delayed) U.S. Prisoner Sees A-Bomb Rip Nagasaki." Substantial portions of this "Los Angeles Times" September 16, 1945 published article are contained in two dispatches in "First into Nagasaki": 1. First Dispatch September 6, 1945 2300 pages 25–7; 2. Fifth Dispatch September 8, 1945 0300 pages 35–6. Both these dispatches are part of a group of eight dispatches (pages 25–45) which are described in "First into Nagasaki" as never published. The "Los Angeles Times" page one article of September 16, 1945 with its sub-headline "Witnesses Describe Parachutes Falling and Searing Blast" includes Weller's interviews with Captain Farley, POWs Bridgman and King, and Dutch doctor Vink (all in Dispatch #5) and Weller's interview with the Japanese lieutenant, aide to the district's commander (Dispatch #1). The "Los Angeles Times" article has the following introductory paragraph: "The following story, delayed by censorship, is an eyewitness account by an American observer of the results of the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki and includes the stories of men on the ground who saw the bomb fall."
The "Boston Evening Globe" on September 15, 1945 published a page one article "By George Weller NAGASAKI" with bold all caps headline "American Saw Atom Bomb Hit Nagasaki" using content described as "unpublished" 24 "First into Nagasaki" and at the end of the article "Continued on Page 2" is the following: "(Copyright, 1945, by the Boston Globe and Chicago Daily News.)". Text from Dispatch #6 and Dispatch #1 is used (example: "Walk in Nagasaki's streets today and you walk in ruins." This is the first line of Dispatch #1). Weller's interview with the Japanese lieutenant (Dispatch #1) is used in the "Boston Evening Globe" article as is Weller's interview with Captain Farley (Dispatch #5), and Weller's interview with Dr. Nakashima (Dispatch #8). Quoted statements by ex-POWs Bridgman and King (Dispatch #5) are in this "Boston Evening Globe" article, which covers both Japanese and Allied observers' eyewitness accounts of the bomb as well as Dr. Nakashima's description of the bomb's medical symptoms. The Boston article reads: "However, about 70 percent of deaths have been from plain burns." (Dispatch #6). The "New York Post" on September 15, 1945 published an article by George Weller headlined "U.S. Prisoners Held at Nagasaki Describe Terrors of Atom Blast" using the same line of text as the Boston article (Dispatch #1), death statistics (Dispatch #3) and re-located position of POW camp (Dispatch #4). The New York article includes Weller's interviews with Captain Farley, Dr. Vink, Harold Bridgman, and Fred King (Dispatch #5). The article concludes with the bomb's "peculiar 'disease'" (Dispatch #8).
The "Miami Herald" on September 18, 1945 published an article "By George Weller Miami Herald-Chicago Daily News Wire" headlined: "American Tells of Being Atomic Bombed" with quote above: "'I Hit the Ground...Building Began To Quiver'". In this article are quotations and statistical data from Dispatch #3 "The known dead number 20,000, Jap police tell me, and they estimate about 4,000 bodies remain to be found" along with "The wounded are estimated to be about twice the number of dead." "Walk in Nagasaki's streets today and you walk in ruins." (Dispatch #1) Also, Captain Farley's eyewitness account (Dispatch #5) is quoted. The interviews with Bridgman and King (Dispatch #5) are included as well as information from Dr. Nakashima (Dispatch #8) and the interview with the Japanese lieutenant, aide to the district commander (Dispatch #1).
George Weller's own response "In hours of walking through these areas I experienced no burns or signs of debilitation." is from Dispatch #3 ("First into Nagasaki" page 30) which mentions Weller's "nausea" not reported in the "Miami Herald" article of 1945.
The "Miami Herald" article incorrectly states atomic POW casualties "Forty-eight were killed instantly and four others died later." while Dispatch #5 states "Forty-eight were wounded, four instantly killed, and four, including Aalders, died." The incorrect POW casualty figures also appear in Weller's "Los Angeles Times" article of September 16, 1945 and his "New York Post" article of September 15, 1945, and his article in the "Akron Beacon Journal" headlined "Yank Saw Atom Bomb Wipe Out Nagasaki" and above that "It Was 'Terrific, White Flash'" September 15, 1945 (this article includes interviews "supra" from Dispatch#1, Dispatch#5, and Dispatch#8). The Associated Press' Vernon Haugland quotes Dr. Vink "only four of our 200 prisoners were killed"when the bomb exploded; four more died subsequently in article published widely, including in the "New York Times" and on September 10, 1945 in the "Miami Herald". Thus papers in New York, Boston, Los Angeles, Miami, and Akron all print Weller's incorrect casualty statistics, whilst Dispatch#5 gives correct data, as does the Associated Press in 1945.
Eight Dispatches (pages 25–45) are described in "First into Nagasaki" as written in Nagasaki September 6–9 with Weller "sending them off to MacArthur's military censors in Tokyo, hopeful that they were being cabled onward to his editors at the "Chicago Daily News" and thence to a vast American readership via syndication. These dispatches have remained unpublished for sixty years; it appears that the U.S. government destroyed the originals."
The fact of publication by the "Los Angeles Times", "Boston Evening Globe", "New York Post", "Miami Herald", and "Akron Beacon Journal" is irreconcilable to George Weller's assertion that: "...I sent 25,000 words by the hands of the obliging "kempeitai", the secret police, directly to MacArthur. ... All my dispatches were suppressed. Every one of my 25,000 words was killed by MacArthur's censorship, which went on afterward, month after month."["First into Nagasaki" page 313]
Censorship of correspondents reporting from Japan for newspapers outside Japan ended October 6, 1945, continuing only for the Japanese media.
In "The Weller Dispatches by Anthony Weller"291 "First into Nagasaki" is statement that "...the editors cut Weller's cynical closing phrase..." The "Chicago Daily News" text last line is: "That's how Jap wardens cured decadent Americans, but lost the war." The "Miami Herald" text last line is: "That's how Japanese wardens cured decadent Americans but lost the war--so it says here in fine print."
On September 18, 1945 the "Miami Herald" published article by George Weller "Japan Holds Prisoners In Secret" on Chinese prisoners on Kyushu, based on information source Lt. Edward Little (later court-martialled for crimes while a POW. This article has close to identical text with the article included in "Weller's War" pages 618-9 and there described as: "This dispatch was censored by MacArthur and never published."
The "Los Angeles Times" on September 29, 1945 printed another article "By George Weller Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Nagasaki September 28 Californians Worked to Death on Dam by Japs." Most of this article printed in the "Los Angeles Times" is contained in the dispatch dated September 24, 1945 published in "First into Nagasaki" pages 139-143.
For sixty years Weller's own carbon of these dispatches were presumed lost, until they were discovered by Weller's son, Anthony, six months after George Weller's death.
Controversies.
Title claim, who was first.
Weller claims that he was "the first Westerner to enter either of the bombed cities after Japan surrendered" and that "No other correspondent had yet evaded the authorities to reach either Hiroshima or Nagasaki." However other reports note people entering the city as early as August 22, and the earliest dispatch from Weller was dated September 6 (see below).
Australian journalist Wilfrid Burchett arrived in Hiroshima on September 3, 1945, and a Hiroshima dispatch from him was printed September 5, 1945 in the London "Daily Express".
George Weller:
"...I entered it on September 6, 1945, as the first free westerner to do so after the end of the war." [page 3
"...the writer arrived here this afternoon as the first visitor from the outside Allied world." [page 25
"...the writer--the first Allied observer to reach Nagasaki since the surrender--..." 43
Anthony Weller:
"...no outsider had been in yet, not even from the U.S. military." 245-246
Weller I First into Nagasaki in the book "First into Nagasaki" page 3 writes: "Whenever I see the word 'Nagasaki,' a vision arises of the city when I entered it on September 6, 1945, as the first free westerner to do so after the end of the war. No other correspondent had yet evaded the authorities to reach either Hiroshima or Nagasaki."
However, the "Chicago Daily News" on August 30, 1945 published under size extra large headline: ""1st INSIDE STORY OF HIROSHIMA Reporter Tells How City Vanished in Atom Blast"" a notable scoop by Leslie Nakashima written for United Press (and also printed in the "New York Times" "Newsman finds all of Hiroshima gone after atom blow.") Born in Hawaii and previously a reporter for the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" and a foreign correspondent with wire agency UP in pre-war Tokyo this Nisei's dispatch includes: "...I arrived at Hiroshima at 5 A.M. Aug. 22, to find out about my mother, who lived in the outskirts of the city. Alighting from the train, I found that Hiroshima station—once one of the largest in western Japan—no longer existed. ...The sight before me as I headed for the outskirts of the city where my mother lived was unbelievable. It was unbelievable because only a fortnight before the bombing I had seen the city intact when I evacuated my wife and two daughters to central Japan. Except for one or two bombs dropped on separate occasions by B-29's, Hiroshima had not been subjected to heavy incendiary attacks. ...But I found my mother safe. She had been weeding grass in a relative's vegetable field about two miles southeast of the city when she saw the flash...A school in the suburbs near mother's home has been converted into a field hospital to care for people who suffered burns. The majority of these cases is believed hopeless. Many of the victims are unidentifiable. Even now two or three patients are dying daily at this one hospital."
And the "Chicago Daily News" published a dispatch by Associated Press war correspondent Vern Haugland on page one under size large headline: "U.S. Writer Views Hiroshima" Continued dispatch section headline: ""First U.S. Reporter Sees Hiroshima Ruins"."
Correspondents from the "Headliner-Dateliner" group with Lt. Col. John 'Tex' McCrary of the Strategic Air Forces visited both Hiroshima (September 4–5) and Nagasaki (September 8–9), publishing a series of thorough and informative dispatches which covered both atomic cities and included medical aspects.
Parachutes.
Several of the eyewitnesses Weller interviewed described seeing a parachute, or parachutes, falling on the day of the bombing. In an account published more than twenty years after his visit to Nagasaki, Weller asserts that the bomb which destroyed Nagasaki was a "lazy-falling missile floating under a parachute.""...riding under a silk handkerchief." ["First into Nagasaki" page 3] Since the bomb did not descend by parachute (a fact well known twenty years later) this description is incorrect. 
Parachutes were attached to instruments were dropped by support-planes during the mission to measure the effects of the blast.
pre-atomic raids on Nagasaki.
In the same 1967 account Weller asserts that Nagasaki, prior to August 9, 1945 "...in the face of all logic, it had been spared so far...Streams of B-29s flowed north and south around it, but this prime target remained mysteriously untouched." Weller offers several theories connected with the supposed sparing of Nagasaki.
Contrary to George Weller's unaccountable assertion that Nagasaki before August 9, 1945 was "mysteriously untouched", Nagasaki had in fact been targeted in August 1945, August 1944, as well as the April 1945 raid which became famous as "The legend of Lieut. Gene Flewellen and his B-29, the "Experiment Perilous"...a 'one-plane air force.'" making George Weller's statement incorrect.
On, August 10, 1944 Nagasaki had been bombed by B-29s "launched from China against Nagasaki's urban area. The twenty-four attacking bombers unloaded 4 tons of fragmentation bombs and 77 tons of incendiaries on the primary. 
There is an element of foreshadowing in the fact that Nagasaki was the first Japanese city to be attacked and firebombed by AAF 'precision' bombers, in view of what the city was to experience almost one year later." 
On April 27, 1945, Lieut. Gene Flewellen commanding the B-29 "Experiment Perilous" was forced by weather to abandon his original target on Kyūshū and, without accompanying aircraft, flew southward down the coast seeking a target of opportunity and bombed the Nagasaki dock area. The absence of anti-aircraft fire indicated that the Japanese were "entirely surprised. The lone B-29 wheeled and headed south. Several hours later the pilot put the huge craft down at Saipan, with ten minutes of gas left in his tanks." 
On August 3, 1945 "New York Times" had carried the front page headline "BOMBERS FIRE GREAT NAGASAKI SHIPYARDS" and a page one story beginning "Nagasaki, one of the three major shipbuilding centers of Japan and ninth port of the empire, was left aflame yesterday, its dockyards smashed and its harbor littered with sunken ships by over 250 planes of General George C. Kenney's Far East Air Force." The article continues with a full description of the air battle over Nagasaki, and the destruction of oil tanks, ships, warehouses and railyard. The raid of August 2, 1945 included Mitchell and Liberator bombers as well as Thunderbolt and Mustang fighter planes. Weller's assertion published in 1967 is not consistent with this prominent, lengthy and detailed "New York Times" coverage, nor with his own assertion published in 2006 at the end of the very first dispatch datelined Nagasaki (September 6, 1945 2300 hours) that the city had had "one earlier serious raid." 

</doc>
<doc id="20018207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018207" title="Parthe">
Parthe

The Parthe is a river in Saxony, Germany, right tributary of the Weiße Elster. Its total length is 60 km. The Parthe originates in northern Saxony, between Colditz and Bad Lausick. It flows northwest through Parthenstein, Naunhof, Borsdorf and Taucha before entering the city of Leipzig. The Parthe joins the White Elster in northwestern Leipzig.
Course.
On its course through the Leipzig Bay ("Leipziger Tieflandsbucht"), the Parthe flows through the regions and towns of Großbardau, Parthenstein, Naunhof, Beucha, Borsdorf, Panitzsch, Taucha und Leipzig. Into the "Parthe" flow, amongst others, the Gladegraben, the Lazy Parthe, the Todgraben, the Mittelgraben, the Grenzgraben, the Threne, the Zauchgraben, the Kittelgraben, the Wachtelbach, the Lösegraben, the Staditzbach, the Hasengraben and the Rüdgengraben. Over the years numerous straightenings and canalisations have had an effect on the river. By the time the Parthe reaches Leipzig the stony riverbed is visible.
Name.
Amongs others, the region Parthenstein and the motorway junction "Parthenaue" (the merging of the A 38 into the A 14 motorway) are called after the river.
Flooding 2002.
During the 100-year flood of the Elbe in 2002, the Parthe also broke its banks. This led to damage in villages and towns such as Kleinbardau and Großbardau. 
Recreation and Nature.
The long Parthe-Mulde-cycling route from Grimma via Naunhof, Borsdorf and Taucha to Leipzig runs alongside the Parthe for long stretches. It is part of network of cycling routes, which run from Leipzig to the Freiberger Mulde as well as to the river Elbe. 
In Taucha and Leipzig-Abtnaundorf the Parthe flows through parks.
Large sections of the river's course are designated as the "Nature reserve Parthenaue - Machern".

</doc>
<doc id="20018225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018225" title="HMS Petard (1916)">
HMS Petard (1916)

HMS "Petard" was an Admiralty M class destroyer built by Denny for the Royal Navy, commenced 5 July 1915 and launched on 24 March 1916. She saw service during the First World War. Postwar, she was sold for breaking up on 9 May 1921.
Jutland.
During the Battle of Jutland, "Petard" was one of ten destroyers of the 13th Destroyer Flotilla assigned to screen the 1st Battle Cruiser Squadron, following the lead of light cruiser HMS "Champion". The first engagement of the battle was between a British force of six battlecruisers and four battleships and lighter vessels commanded by Admiral Beatty and a German squadron of five battlecruisers plus accompanying vessels commanded by Admiral Hipper. 
At 4.15pm on 31 May 1916, the opposing fleets sent their destroyers in to deliver a torpedo attack on the opposing line. "Petard" was one of eight destroyers of the 13th flotilla to respond, along with three destroyers of other formations. The opposing destroyers fought a gun battle in hopes of blunting the enemy's torpedo attack while striving to deliver their own. "Petard" fired a torpedo on a high speed setting at a group of four German destroyers, possibly achieving a hit from about 3,000 yards range, and a second at a slower speed against the German battlecruisers from a range of about 9,000 yards. "Petard" then turned roughly parallel to the German battlecruisers but slightly converging, so as to get ahead of the column before once more turning towards the enemy to fire the remaining two torpedoes. "Petard" reported that her torpedoes must have crossed the enemy line, but did not claim a hit.
Turning back towards the British ships, "Petard" passed , which was also returning but at reduced speed because of damage. It now became apparent that further German ships were approaching, which proved to be the main German High Seas Fleet. Proceeding, "Petard" approached an oil slick where was picking up survivors from the battlecruiser , sunk by German gunfire, and picked up one man. Approximately 20 survivors in total were rescued from the 1000 man crew. "Petard" then returned to her station at the head of the battlecruiser line.
N.B.: HMS "Petard" is erroneously identified in some references as the ship which rammed and sank H M Submarine "G 9" on the night of 16 September 1917; the ship in question was the destroyer HMS "Pasley". 

</doc>
<doc id="20018242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018242" title="Richmond-Adelaide Centre">
Richmond-Adelaide Centre

Richmond-Adelaide Centre is a cluster of office buildings in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located in the financial district. It is bounded by Richmond Street West to the north, Sheppard Street to the east, Adelaide Street West to the south, and finally York Street as its western boundary. The complex is owned and operated by global real estate investor, developer and owner Oxford Properties Group.
There are multiple buildings located within this block, and its total area is 1.6 million square feet. The oldest is 100 Adelaide St West, built in 1928. Also built in 1928, though renovated in 1989, is 85 Richmond St West. In 1956, 111 Richmond Street West was completed. 120 Adelaide St West, located in the core of the block was built in 1966. The Oxford Tower is the most recent building, completed in 1978.
The majority of the buildings located within this block are part of the PATH system.
The centre is a core asset for Oxford Properties Group, which undertook a $65 million redevelopment of 111 Richmond Street West in 2010, a landmark of modernism designed by renowned architect Peter Dickinson. There have also been plans to redevelop 100 Adelaide St W. and build a modern office building above the existing heritage structure.
The centre’s urban retail concourse and food court has undergone an extensive modernization including a new 400-seat food court in a redesigned, contemporary space, as well as the expansion and relocation of its retail area. With over 40,000 square feet of retail space, the centre’s concourse is frequented by area residents, tourists and over 5,200 employees in the office towers directly connected to the complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20018243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018243" title="Frank Hancock">
Frank Hancock

Francis Escott "Frank" Hancock (7 February 1859 – 29 October 1943) was an English-born rugby union centre who played club rugby for Somerset and Cardiff and international rugby for Wales. Hancock is best known as being the sport's first fourth threequarter player, which changed the formation of rugby union play that lasts to the present day. His role in the development of rugby was recognised by the International Rugby Board in 2011 with induction to the IRB Hall of Fame.
Rugby career.
Hancock first played rugby in Somerset, and captained his local club and represented the Somerset county team. He moved to Cardiff to become involved in his family's brewing company, which had a brewery in Cardiff. He joined the Cardiff team in 1884 and was placed at centre as a replacement for the injured Tom Williams. Hancock had an inspiring game and scored two tries, which left the Cardiff committee with a problem as they wanted to keep their original back players but also wished to play Hancock. The club decided to instead change the balance of the team, from three threequarters to four threequarters. It was a successful tactic and Cardiff stuck with it for the remainder of the 1883/1884 season.
Within two months of moving to Wales, Hancock was playing for Cardiff, changed the future formation of rugby and was then selected to play for Wales. He played his first international game under the captaincy of Joe Simpson against Ireland as part of the 1884 Home Nations Championship. Wales won the game with tries from William Norton and Tom Clapp, and Hancock was reselected for the very next Welsh game against England in the next years tournament. Hancock played two games in the 1885 Championship, a loss to England at St Helens and a scoreless draw in Scotland.
In 1885 Hancock was elected as captain of Cardiff, and he revolutionised the way the team played. He discouraged kicking and made the team focus mainly on try scoring through the forwards gaining the ball for individual play from the backs. Traditionally the forwards in a rugby side would retain the ball, engaging in prolonged scrums and mauls. Hancock encouraged his forwards to release the ball to the half-backs, and they in turn would neither run nor kick the ball away, but would move the ball out to the centres. The centres job was, through low accurate passing to, transfer the ball to the wings who should take the ball on the run. Solid passing was primary in Hancock's vision of winning through scoring tries. In the 1885/86 season Cardiff scored a remarkable 131 tries but not a single penalty or drop goal. It is said that Hancock aggressively shouted down one of this team who attempted a drop goal during a game. Hancock was single minded and dictatorial in his approach as a captain, but his tactics were extremely successful, winning all bar one game and seeing just four tries scored against them.
Hancock's first and only international match as captain was against Scotland in the 1886 Home Nations Championship. With the power of captaincy, Hancock tried out his four three-quarter system, the first time this had been done in an international. Hancock was paired up with Welsh rugby superstar Arthur Gould, but the poor selection of the team resulted in Hancock scrapping the system during the game and switched Gould to full-back; but the damage was already done and Wales lost the match. The trial was judged a failure and the four three-quarter system was dropped for several years.
Hancock retired from rugby at the end of the 1885/86 season at the age of 26.
Hancock's son, Ralph, played first-class cricket for Somerset in a few matches before the First World War. His brother Froude Hancock was also a notable rugby player.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20018267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018267" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 88">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 88

The 88th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Cumberland County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20018291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018291" title="List of Ontario provincial parks">
List of Ontario provincial parks

Parks in Canada's provinces and territories
The following is a list of all Ontario land currently managed by Ontario Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="20018310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018310" title="Irrigation in the Dominican Republic">
Irrigation in the Dominican Republic

Irrigation in the Dominican Republic (DR) has been an integral part of DR agricultural and economic development in the 20th Century. Public investment in irrigation has been the main driver for irrigation infrastructural development in the country. Irrigation Management Transfer to Water Users Associations (WUAs), formally started in the mid-1980s, is still an on-going process showing positive signs with irrigation systems in 127,749 ha (46% of total irrigated land in the country), being managed by 41,329 users (57% of all users). However, the transfer process and the performance of WUAs are still far from ideal. While WUAs show a significant increase in cost recovery, especially when compared to low values in areas under state management, a high subsidy from the government still contributes to cover operation and maintenance costs in their systems.
Water demand for irrigation is 7,340.41 million m3/year which is 82% of the total demand (8,891,45 million m3/year). Irrigation demand is covered mostly by surface water, and partially (13%) by groundwater. About 76% of Dominican Republic’s land area (8,900 km2) is dedicated to agriculture, 17% of which is irrigated. According to FAO, 270,000ha are equipped for irrigation. Most of the irrigated areas are located in the valleys between the mountain ranges, with a medium to low rainfall and few limitations on its soil such as slope, depth of soil, and in some cases, salinity problems associated with irrigation or the presence of saline groundwater. Annual government investment in water resources and irrigation infrastructure is in the order of US $100 million.
Needs in the irrigation sector are related to improving efficiency, productivity and
organizational aspects. According to the FAO, solutions should be sought in the use of better technology, efficient operation of irrigation systems and adequate means of financial support. Poor maintenance of existing infrastructure and irrational use of water are causes for the low (overall) irrigation efficiency.
History of the irrigation sector.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), irrigation development in the Dominican Republic started in the late 19th Century, with the construction of the Juan Caballero, Luis Bogart and Santana canals and the Manzanillo Project. In the 1920s, due mostly to government investment, irrigation development increased substantially. The area under irrigation continued increasing in the 1940s and 1950s, from 32,000ha in 1941 to 132,000 in 1954. During the 1960s hydraulic development shifted towards multi-purpose dams, returning to canal network development for the next 30 years and reaching the current 280,000ha equipped with irrigation infrastructure.
The Irrigation Management Transfer Program (IMTP) started formally in the mid-1980s and continues until today. IMTP aims at decentralizing operation and maintenance, and fee collection responsibilities among others to the "Juntas de Regantes" (Water Users Irrigation Boards - WUB). To this date, 17 main WUBs have been formed and the operation of 11 systems has been formally transferred to them. WUBs have a total membership of about 30,000 users. According to the FAO, some of the achievements of IMTP includes: (i) reduced conflicts between the authority and water users, (ii) improved service, and (iii) higher fee collection (an increase from 20% of total charges, when managed by National Institute for Water Resources to almost 80% on their own). However, these results are far from ideal. For example, overall cost recovery continues to be low hence O&M costs still depend on government subsidies.
Irrigation infrastructure.
Gravity and surface irrigation are the predominant systems supplying water for irrigation to an area of 278,965 ha.(gross area). According to FAO, this is about half the land where irrigation is feasible (550,000 ha.). The existing infrastructure is composed of 1,836.4 km of main canals, 1,773.2 km of secondary canals, 1,200 km of drainage canals and 14 major dams. The total storage capacity is 1,450 million m3. Actual water delivery is approximately 4,600 million m3/year.
Environmental aspects.
Linkages with water resources.
According to FAO, DR receives a mean annual precipitation of about 1,500 mm; with arid zones receiving as less as 500 mm/year, and humid areas receiving an average of 2,500 mm/year. Evapotranspiration is over 2,000 mm/year. Total runoff is estimated at 21,000 Million m3/year.
Water demand for irrigation is 7,340.41 million m3/year which is 82% of the total demand (8,891,45 million m3/year). Irrigation demand is covered mostly by surface irrigation, and partially (13%) by groundwater.
Environmental impacts of irrigation.
According to FAO, 125,000ha and 80,000ha are affected by drainage and salinity problems, respectively. The majority of which are located in the Valleys such as Cibao, Santiago Montecristi, Azua, San Juan de la Manguana, Neyba y Barahona as well as downstream Yuna and the eastern coastal area, in the provinces of Maria Trinidad Gracias y Altagracia respectively.
Anticipated climate change impacts on irrigated agriculture.
Global climate change is expected to induce permanent climate shocks to the Caribbean region including sea level rise, higher surface air and sea temperatures, extreme weather events (such as tropical storms and hurricanes), increased rainfall intensity (leading to more frequent and severe flooding) and more frequent and severe "El Niño-like" conditions. Demographic growth accelerated environmental degradation, deforestation, and lack of mitigation measures will intensify the impact of disasters in the future.
There is currently no information available about the specific impacts of climate change on irrigated agriculture in the DR. Although there is some data in terms of Climate Change impacts on water resources in DR's First Communication to the UNFCCC. Indeed, it is expected a great decrease in spatial distribution of rainfall, and total runoff for the year 2100, demonstrating a structural change that intensifies the transition from the most humid zones to the driest and an expansion of the areas of the country that are historically the driest.
Legal and institutional framework.
Legal framework.
The Water Law, No. 5852 passed in 1962, promotes the creation of irrigation districts and irrigation organizations. Relevant aspects of this law include the establishment of limited property rights over water originated in one’s land through springs and rain water and the linkage of water rights with land ownership.
Law No. 6 of 1965 created the National Institute for Water Resources (INDRHI), the national water authority, assigning functions for operating irrigation systems with the participation of users. INDRHI has been the promoter and developer of irrigation, thus having responsibility at three functional levels: policy development and planning at the constitutional (normative) level; water rights administration, regulation enforcement and hydrological services at the organizational level; and water use for the irrigation system at the operational level.
Presidential decrees and agreements between INDRHI and Water Users Association (Asociaciones de Regantes- WUA) have provided legal support for the Irrigation Management Transfer Program (IMTP) (see below).
Institutional framework.
The Dominican Water Resource Institute – INDRHI, under the Ministry of the Environment, is responsible for managing water and related resources as well as designing, implementing, monitoring and evaluating programs, projects and activities aimed at controlling and regulating surface and groundwater use.
INDRHI is also in charge of irrigation systems management including responsibilities such as operation and maintenance of dam, main channel and drainage system of all irrigation systems, as well as of all the facilities in those systems that are not yet transferred to the WUAs. This transfer policy has been financed largely by international resources in coordination with the 10 Department of Irrigation Districts, under INDRHI. INDRHI is in the process of receding in their scope and operational responsibilities.
Finally, INDRHI collaborates with other sectoral institutions such as: (i) the State Secretariat for Agriculture and the Dominican Agriculture Institute, (ii) the Water Supply and Sanitation "Institute" INAPA, a utility operating in small towns and rural areas, and regional water and sanitation utilities in the cities of Santo Domingo, Santiago, Moca, Puerto Plata and Romana, (iii) the Ministry of Public Health, and (iv) the Dominican Electricity Corporation.
Water Users Organizations and Irrigation Management Transfer Program.
The Irrigation Management Transfer Program (IMTP) shift responsibility for the administration, operation and maintenance (O&M) of irrigation infrastructure to WUAs while remaining state owned. The IMTP, still under implementation, has not been accompanied by a legal framework promoting further development of WUAs, their management practices, both in the administrative and commercial sense, and water management efficiency.
There are a total of 28 Irrigation Users Boards (Juntas de Regantes-WUB) represent a total of 71,800 water users (of a total of 89,300) covering 4.3 million tareas—15.9 tareas = 1 ha. The WUB are in charge of fee collection, operation, administration, budget preparation and expenditures. WUB are composed of Water Users Associations (Asociaciones de Regantes- WUA), and are legally considered as Non-profit organizations. Contrary to some WUBs, which have receive extended support from IMTP, WUAs are mostly weak when their organizational characteristics.
"Source": INDRHI
Key Legal Issues that Arise in Irrigation PPPs.
There are a number of legal and commercial issues that will affect how these projects move forward and are structured. Whilst some of the legal issues are not confined to irrigation PPPs they can take on a new dimension and complexity when applied to irrigation: Land ownership; water extraction; public sector counterpart. These will be key issues in a PPP as the private provider will want to ensure a steady revenue stream. 
There are also the usual legal considerations that need to be checked when developing PPPs in any sector, such as legal restrictions on the type of PPP arrangement that can be entered into, relevant procurement rules for entering into PPPs, existence of restrictions on foreign investment, taxation and potential for tax holidays and the ability to assign rights such as security and step in rights to lenders.
Economic aspects.
Agriculture and economic growth.
See also:Economy of the Dominican Republic
The economy of the Dominican Republic has shifted from an agricultural based one to a diversified economy where services, commerce, industry and tourism have a greater role. The contribution of agriculture to the Gross domestic product (GDP) has been declining since 1962 when it represented 32%, to only 13% in 2008. From this value, 53% correspond to livestock, fisheries and forestry. Crop production in 2000, 5% of total GDP, had a total value of U.S. $1,053 million at current prices. Agriculture, however, maintains an important role in exports and employment. Irrigated agriculture is contributing to this with nearly half of the total production. There is record increase of production in the irrigated land, but it is related more to the expansion in area rather than a marked rise in productivity. Rural population accounts for 40% of the total population and 52% of the rural population is poor.
Water tariff.
Annual fee for irrigation services are low (varies from US
$4.75/ha in some regions to US$24/ha for a farmer with less than 10 ha not
cultivating rice). Water costs for a farmer only represent 0.21 to 0.58% of total
production cost. Operation and Maintenance expenditure in INDRHI’s Irrigation
Districts for 1997 was US$6.24 million (US$35/ha) while revenues from water fees was only 14% of this value. Water fees are obviously too low to meet maintenance and operation requirements.
External cooperation.
In May 2008 the World Bank has approved a US$80 million loan to restore and strengthen irrigation, electricity, water, and sanitation infrastructure damaged by Tropical Storms Olga and Noel, enhance critical infrastructure to reduce future storm-related impacts, and strengthen basic capacity for future risk management in INDRHI and CDEEE.
Dominican Republic’s irrigation model: the road ahead.
According to FAO, despite of IMTP success in development WUB’s capacities some areas within the program have room for improvement. Those areas can be summarized as follow: (i) institutional capacity building has not been systematic. Follow up on existing support WUA has been concentrated only in certain issues, without due attention to certifying their organizational development and achievements; (ii) capacitation has not adequately included administrative skills, business like attitude, social and environmental topics; (iii) efforts have been concentrated on the WUBs, leaving the WUAs with little support to strengthen the capacities as organizations; (iv) irrigation infrastructure is usually transferred in poor shape demanding large investments; and (v) stronger legal support is needed for the transfer process.
The challenge ahead cannot be faced with the existing policies and institutional settings. Deep institutional reform and policy framing is considered to be the most pressing need by FAO. The government is trying to reorient the role of the state in WRM and reduce dependency on governmental financing. The proposal for the new Water Law introduces the National Water Commission as the regulatory authority of Water, and to which the entities in charge of regulating the different subsectors of services from water (water supply to population, irrigation and hydropower), will be ascribed to. This means that INDRHI will concentrate on regulating irrigation services, where the WUA will be operating the irrigation systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20018320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018320" title="Rufus Carter">
Rufus Carter

Rufus Seaman Carter (March 31, 1866 – 1932) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1920 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, the son of William Dobson Carter and Elizabeth Ann Reed. Carter attended the military college in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He went to sea for a time but returned to farming after his father's death. Carter was also involved in the lumber trade with the United States and Great Britain. In 1894, he married Ella Mabel Morris. Carter served several years as a member of the municipal council.

</doc>
<doc id="20018367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018367" title="Grooming dance">
Grooming dance

A grooming dance, grooming invitation dance or shaking dance is a dance performed by honeybees to initiate allogrooming. It was first reported in 1945 by biologist Mykola H. Hadak. An increase in the frequency of the grooming dance has been observed among the bees of mite-infested colonies, and among bees who have been dusted with small particles of chalk dust.

</doc>
<doc id="20018380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018380" title="R.L. Polk &amp; Company">
R.L. Polk &amp; Company

R. L. Polk & Company is a provider of automotive information and marketing solutions to the automotive industry, insurance companies, and related businesses.
Polk was acquired by IHS Inc. on July 15, 2013 and is based in Southfield, Michigan with operations in several countries, including the United States, Canada, Germany, United Kingdom, France, Japan, China and Australia. Its corporate mission is "to collect and interpret data and apply our automotive business expertise to help our customers make good decisions".
Company history.
R. L. Polk & Company was founded by Ralph Lane Polk in 1870 in Detroit, MI as a publisher of business directories. In 1872, the company first published a City Directory, for Evansville, Indiana, plus a listing of post offices in nine states. Additional directories followed in the ensuing years as the business grew. Affiliates included the Polk-Husted Directory Co. of Oakland, California. In addition to city directories, the company published bank directories.
In 1921, a conversation between Ralph Lane Polk II and Alfred P. Sloan (who later became president of General Motors) helped fuel R. L. Polk & Company's entry into the automotive industry. During the conversation, Sloan asked Polk to impartially tabulate and publish statistical information on cars and trucks in operation. R.L. Polk & Company launched its motor vehicle statistical operations in 1922, when the first car registration reports were published. In 1922, R.L. Polk & Co. published its first Passenger Car Registration Report, covering 58 makes and accounting for 9.2 million passenger automobiles on America's highways.
From 1951 to 1958, the company pioneered the use of electronic punch card tabulating equipment. In 1956, Polk's reporting services included monthly statistics on boats, business aircraft, motorcycles, commercial trailers, and recreational vehicles. In 1976, the National Vehicle Population Profile (NVPP) was introduced.
1990s.
In 1993, Polk combined its Canadian activities with Blackburn Marketing Services to form Blackburn / Polk Marketing Services Inc. (BPMSI). Polk also acquires a 35% interest in CARFAX from Blackburn Marketing Services. In 1995, Polk enters an alliance with Marketing Systems GmBH and acquires a substantial minority interest in The Ultimate Perspective (T.U.P).
In 1996, Polk completes acquisition of the Blackburn / Polk operations and renames it Polk Canada Marketing Services Inc. (PCMSI). This acquisition unified and strengthened Polk's North American operations and further enhanced the company's strategy to be a global information services provider. Polk also announces its first-ever Automotive Loyalty Award winners.
In 1997, Polk also acquires the MSS division of Automatic Data Processing's European Operations.
Looking into the future, in 1999, Polk completes acquisition of CARFAX and sells its Advertising Unlimited, Inc. to Norwood Promotional Products.
2000 and Beyond.
In 2000, Polk sells its Consumer Information Solutions (CIS) business units Direct Marketing, Data Information Services / Polk Verity, City Directory, and the Compusearch and Prospects Unlimited units of Polk Canada to Equifax.
Polk launches Garage Predictors and Polk Canada, Inc. announces Polk Canada Net. Polk also completes its acquisition of Marketing Systems Group.
Ralph Lane Polk II is inducted into the prestigious Automotive Hall of Fame (AHF) located in Dearborn, Michigan in 2001. Stephen R. Polk is also a part of the AHF as a director and R. L. Polk & Co. is also considered a Sapphire Level Supporter.
In 2002, Polk launches the Polk Vehicle Lifecycle System and the Polk Cross Sell is introduced.
Also in 2002, Ralph Lane Polk II is inducted into The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) Hall of Fame, the highest professional honor in direct and interactive marketing. DMA inducts into "The Hall of Fame" as many as four individuals each year for the significant impact these leaders have had on the growth of the direct and interactive process.
In 2003, PolkInsight is launched. Polk Total Market Predictor (Polk TMP) is also introduced.
In 2004, R. L. Polk & Company launches Polk Cross Sell Report and RLPTechnologies, a new wholly owned subsidiary, is established. Also, The Software Engineering Institute (SEI) awards R. L. Polk & Company with a Level II Capability Maturity Model Integrated (CMMI) rating.
In 2005, R. L. Polk & Company introduces the Polk Inventory Efficiency Award. The Polk Inventory Efficiency Award recognizes and rewards outstanding aftermarket companies for process improvements relative to inventory efficiency.
In 2007, R. L. Polk & Co. acquire a majority interest in ROADTODATA, a rapidly growing supplier of automotive price and specifications data.
In 2013, IHS, Inc announced a $1.4B purchase of R.L. Polk. Retrieved 06/10/13
The company's business-to-business marketing services include PolkInsight, the National Vehicle Population Profile (NVPP), Blackburn / Polk Marketing Services Inc. (BPMSI), Polk Dealer Marketing Manager, The Ultimate Perspective (T.U.P), Polk Canada Net, Polk Vehicle Lifecycle System, Polk CrossSell Reports, and Polk Total Market Predictor (Polk TMP).
CARFAX.
The Polk Company announced on August 2, 1999 that it had completed acquisition of Carfax. Polk had previously owned 35 percent of Carfax, in partnership with the Blackburn Group, Inc., of London, Ontario, Canada, and has now acquired the remaining 65 percent. Carfax compiles vehicle histories from various sources, with about 75 percent of the information coming from Polk data. Using the vehicle identification number (VIN), each history provides potential buyers with all available facts about a used car being considered for purchase. This may include original use of the vehicle odometer records, number of owners, and other items that might affect a purchase decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20018389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018389" title="Danny Hinshelwood">
Danny Hinshelwood

Danny Hinshelwood (born 4 December 1975 in Bromley) is an English former professional footballer. He is currently manager of non-league side Selsey.
Hinshelwood began his career as apprentice with Nottingham Forest on leaving the FA School of Excellence, one of his duties being to walk Brian Clough's dog. He won England Youth honours and an FA Youth Cup winners' medal while at Forest, turning professional in December 1992. He found it impossible to break into the first team at the City Ground and left on a free transfer in February 1996, joining Portsmouth. 
He made his league debut later that season, but after five games for Pompey fell out of the reckoning and joined Torquay United on loan on 2 March 1997, playing six games for Kevin Hodges' side. He was released by Portsmouth at the end of the following season, joining Brighton & Hove Albion on a short-term contract in August 1998, but was released by the Seagulls in January 1999. 
He joined Bognor Regis Town, moving onto to Havant & Waterlooville in October 1999 before being appointed player-manager of Selsey on 7 January 2000. He transformed the Selsey side, his success leading to offers from bigger sides. In 2003, Selsey won the John O'Hara League Cup, but he quit the club in July that year after his budget for the following season had been considerably reduced. 
He subsequently returned to manage Selsey in April 2004.
In 2007, Hinshelwood was appointed as assistant manager of the Sussex County side, combining this post with his duties at Selsey. He left Selesey in November 2009. 
His father Martin Hinshelwood played professionally for Crystal Palace, among others, and was Brighton's Director of Youth Football while he was at the club. His younger brother Scott was an apprentice with Portsmouth and played under him for Selsey, as did their cousin Marc, the son of Paul Hinshelwood, the former Crystal Palace and Millwall player.

</doc>
<doc id="20018407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018407" title="Tachyon XC">
Tachyon XC

The Tachyon XC is an action helmet camera built by Tachyon Inc. It is marketed towards extreme sport enthusiasts; due to its small, shock/waterproof casing (waterproof to 2 atmospheres), it may be mounted on a helmet or used as an action camera. Unlike many traditional helmet cameras, which
require an external camcorder or digital video recorder to record onto, all of the Tachyon XC's video and picture files
are recorded on an SD Card. The Tachyon XC can use anywhere from a 4GB card to a 32GB card. The camera is compatible
with many standard mounts that use a universal
tripod screw, while offering
a variety of usage possibilities, such as full-motion recording or a time lapse mode that captures a photo every 2 seconds for up to 10 days. The XC
camera is powered by two AA
batteries and has full TV compatibility. It is also Windows XP/Vista and Mac OS X compatible.
In August 2009 Tachyon, Inc. released the 2010 Tachyon XC with the first ever consumer 3D Technology 3-D film for Helmet Cameras.
For a video of the Tachyon XC 3D technology visit [http://www.vimeo.com/5947824]

</doc>
<doc id="20018432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018432" title="KGBN">
KGBN

KGBN is a Korean, brokered time AM radio station licensed to Anaheim, California, and broadcasting at a frequency of 1190 kHz. From 1997 to 2010 it was owned by Salem Communications as a sister station to KFSH and KRLA. In August 2010 the station was sold to Korean Gospel Broadcasting Network.
It is one of four radio stations - the others are KYPA, KMPC, and KFOX - that broadcast in Korean around the clock in the greater Los Angeles area. However, this is the only religious station among them; the others have secular programming.
History.
This station began as KEZY, an easy-listening station known as "K-Easy." The station later became an Orange County top 40 powerhouse featuring such personalities as Mark Denis, Mike Wagner and other disc jockeys. The station's address at the time was the same as its assigned frequency: 1190 East Ball Road. The original call letters during construction and prior to its on-air debut were KDOG. The station debuted on air as KEZY on May 18, 1959, with studios at the Disneyland Hotel.
1970s.
In the late 1970s, programmer Dave Foreman dropped top-40 in favor of an adventurous semi-alternative rock format. The slogan was "Kick-Ass Rock and Roll," which contrasted with 95.9 KEZY-FM's light-rock format and a related slogan, "KEZY-FM kicks back; KEZY-AM kicks ass." After a few years the station once again changed formats, first to news (as KNWZ), then to an adult rock format known simply as "12" ("KEZY Anaheim is 12.") This format was abandoned in the early 1980s and it briefly became a top-40 station again. 
1980s.
Around 1984, it became KPZE (K-Praise). It featured a blend of Christian teaching–preaching programs, contemporary Christian music, and live broadcasts of the games of the Long Beach State and Notre Dame football programs. The Program Director was Bill Gutelman, and the Operations Director was Gil Perez. Other staff–air personality included Pam Sanchez (mornings-air name Stephanie Rose), Paul Walkewicz (weekends), Bill Smith (weekends), Liz Altamirano, and former KYMS personality Bob Turnbull. Turnbull hosted an evening program called "Ministry And More," similar to his "Music and More" program on KYMS. In addition to playing music, he would have "Thoughts To End A Busy Day," and book reviews. 
From 1986 to late 1988 Operations Manager and air personality Robin Keith hosted an afternoon drive talk show called "Drivetime 1190" along with co-host Steve DeSaegher. The show featured talk and call-ins, comedy, frequent traffic, news and weather reports as well as interviews with celebrities and experts. Ollie Collins, Jr., of KTYM Inglewood, brokered most of the Sunday hours on KPZE. The morning consisted of a Gospel music show hosted by Collins. Most of the afternoon programs were recorded church services. A good majority of the commercials used his voice. Al Gross (formerly of KBRT AM 740), eventually hosted the morning show. His was mostly talk. He even joked one morning at 6:00 AM sign-on, as the previous program was ending with its closing theme, "The Air That I Breathe" by The Hollies, "KPZE, Anaheim, playing more music than any other talk station." 
Around 1988, the call letters were changed to KORG (K-Orange). It broadcast a few games of the Los Angeles Kings hockey team during conflicts with KLAC, the Kings' flagship station at the time. In fact, in one of those games (October 15, 1989), Wayne Gretzky established the National Hockey League's all-time point-scoring record. In 1987 and '88, KORG was an affiliate of RTV Sports, one of the first all-sports radio networks in America. Steve DeSaeger provided local sports updates during RTV programs, which aired seven nights a week.
1990s.
In the mid-1990s, Anaheim Broadcasting, a local company that had been the owner, sold the station to Jacor, which later merged with Clear Channel Communications. In 1997, Clear Channel sold KXMX to Salem because it had exceeded the Federal Communications Commission limit as to how many stations it could own in the greater Los Angeles market. (Anaheim is still in business as the owners of FM stations KOLA and KCAL in the Inland Empire.)
2000s.
The KXMX call sign was derived from KXMX, a sister adult contemporary station that was the aforementioned KEZY-FM. When that outlet became KFSH (the Fish) in 2001, the calls were re-assigned to 1190 AM. Today, KEZY can be found on 1240 AM in San Bernardino, California under separate ownership. As of 2008, the KPZE call letters are assigned to 106.1 FM in Carlsbad, New Mexico. As KXMX, it aired shows in a variety of languages, including Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, and Tagalog.
2010s.
On March 29, 2011 KXMX changed their call letters to KGBN and changed their format to Korean.

</doc>
<doc id="20018450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018450" title="2000–01 KNVB Cup">
2000–01 KNVB Cup

The 83rd edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on August 8, 2000. The final was played on May 24, 2001: FC Twente beat PSV on penalties (4–3), after no goals were made during official and extra time. FC Twente won the cup for the second time. A total of 86 clubs participated.
Group stage.
The matches of the group stage were played between August 8 and September 13, 2000. 79 teams participated and 117 matches were played. 39 teams advanced to the next round.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Group 17
Group 18
Group 19
Group 20
Knock-out Stage.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 20 and 21, 2000. RKC Waalwijk entered the tournament here, during the group stage they were still active in the Intertoto Cup.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played between October 19, 2000 and January 23, 2001.
Round of 16.
The matches were played between January 24 and 27, 2001. The six Eredivisie teams that had been playing in European competitions after qualification last season, entered the tournament this round.
Quarter finals.
The first three matches were played on February 7, 2001. The fourth was played on March 14 of the same year.
Semi-finals.
The matches of the semi-finals were played on April 11 and 12, 2001.
Final.
The final was played on May 24, 2001 in Stadion Feijenoord, Rotterdam.
FC Twente would participate in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20018451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018451" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 7th SS Volunteer Gebirgs Division Prinz Eugen">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 7th SS Volunteer Gebirgs Division Prinz Eugen

The 7th SS Volunteer Gebirgs Division "Prinz Eugen" was a German volunteer Waffen-SS Mountain division. It saw action in the Balkans against Tito's Partisan Army and against the advancing Red Army. The division was named after the famous Austrian general Prince Eugene of Savoy who fought the Turks at Vienna, conquered Belgrade and expelled them from Hungary.
The "Prinz Eugen" was formed from Volksdeutsche personnel from Croatia, Serbia, Hungary and Romania. Its initial composition was of an all-volunteer force until conscription began later in the war. It surrendered on 11 May 1945 to Bulgarian forces.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20018472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018472" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 89">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 89

The 89th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Cumberland County and Franklin County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20018479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018479" title="Afortunada">
Afortunada

"Afortunada" is a Pop song recorded by Chilean singer and song-writer Francisca Valenzuela and this song is the fourth official single from her first solo debut studio album, "Muérdete La Lengua", released in Chile on 7 January 2008.
Song information.
The song was written in 2005 by Francisca Valenzuela, and was produced by Mauricio Duran and Francisco Duran. The song was released on 7 January 2008 on radio and Digital Download. This song is her most acclaimed work by critics. 
Music video.
The official music video for the song "Afortunada" was premiered on MTV Latin America on 16 February 2008 with high popularity in the Chilean music channels, later was premiered for Via X and Zona Latina. The music video was directed by Christopher Murray and Ignacio Rojas in the simple music video shows to Francisca with a couple friends in an Amusement park.

</doc>
<doc id="20018481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018481" title="Torpedo boat tender">
Torpedo boat tender

The torpedo boat tender was a type of warship developed at the end of the 19th century to help bring small torpedo boat to the high seas, and launch them for attack. 
During the Turko-Russian war in 1877, the Russians requisitionned 19 trade vessels to convert them as torpedo boat tenders. "Velikiy Knyaz Konstantin" was the first historical vessel in this new ship class. She was captained by Stepan Makarov, who was major naval engineer, early practitioner of torpedo usage and the author of concept of torpedo boat tender. On 14th January 1878, Makarov performed the first successful attack by self-propelled torpedoes in history. The Turkish ship "Intibah" was destroyed by torpedo boats launched from "Velikiy Knyaz Konstantin".
In 1878, the British Navy commissioned the "Hecla" as a torpedo boat tender, followed by HMS Vulcan (1889). The 1896 French ship "Foudre" was a torpedo boat tender, before it was converted to a seaplane carrier.
During World War II, the type evolved and in the US adopted the designation of Motor torpedo boat tender (AGP, or "Patrol Craft Tender", according to the United States Navy hull classification system).

</doc>
<doc id="20018497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018497" title="Christ Church Detroit">
Christ Church Detroit

Christ Church Detroit is an Episcopal church located at 960 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as Old Christ Church, Detroit. It is the oldest Protestant church in Michigan still located on its original site. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
History.
Brothers Robert (Jr.) and William Stead ran a wholesale grocery business at the present site of Christ Church until the year 1844. Christ Church Detroit was founded by a group of Episcopalians in 1845, who decided that St. Paul's Church (now St. Paul's Cathedral) was too crowded. The founders built a small wooden church, designed by Lieutenant Montgomery C. Meigs, as its first place of worship. Fifteen years later, plans were laid for a new building on the same site. In 1860, a chapel was constructed near the original structure for use while a larger church was constructed. The present church, designed by Gordon W. Lloyd, was completed in 1863.
Construction.
The church is built in an American Gothic style, using limestone and sandstone; a massive belfry with a squared-off Germanic roof dominates the front facade. The interior boasts trancepts with galleries and hammerbeam trusses supporting the roof. All interior woodwork, save the roof, is made from local butternut. There are two Tiffany windows in the church, with more windows designed by other famous glass companies such as Franz Meyer and Company and J. Wippell and Co..
Current use.
The Christ Church building has been continuously by an Episcopalian congregation since its construction. As of 2009, the Rector was the Rev. John Talk. The congregation describes themselves as "a contemporary, well-educated, multi-racial, multi-ethnic congregation carrying out Christ’s mission in the world around us, strengthened, nurtured, and guided by the presence of the Holy Spirit." The next-door Sibley House serves as offices.

</doc>
