<doc id="19883110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883110" title="Henrietta Ward">
Henrietta Ward

Henrietta Mary Ada Ward (1 June 1832 – 12 July 1924) was a notable English historical and genre painter of the Victorian era and the early twentieth century.
Life and work.
She belonged to a family that produced professional artists over several generations. Her paternal grandfather was the prominent animal painter James Ward, who was related by marriage to fellow artists John Jackson and George Morland. Her parents were also artists: George Raphael Ward was best known for his printmaking, Mary Webb Ward for her miniatures. (One of her mother's pictures was "Portrait of Henrietta Ward and her Favorite Guinea Pig", 1843.) An only child, the young Henrietta grew up surrounded by and familiar with her parents' artist acquaintances, including Sir Edwin Landseer, C. R. Leslie, and the brothers John James and Alfred Edward Chalon. She studied her craft at the Bloomsbury Art School and the academy started by Henry Sass. 
In 1843, when she was 11 years old, Henrietta fell in love with the 27-year-old historical painter Edward Matthew Ward (no relation); they married secretly in May 1848, aided by the groom's friend Wilkie Collins — so that her maiden and married names were the same. (Traditional sources occasionally refer to her as "Henrietta Mary Ada Ward Ward.") Henrietta's mother never forgave the elopement, and disinherited her.
E. M. and Henrietta Ward had eight children, one of whom would be Leslie Ward, the caricaturist and cartoonist known as "Spy." While raising her brood, Henrietta pursued her own artistic career; she worked in various genres, though she, like her husband, was noted for her historical pictures, on subjects like Thomas Chatterton and Elizabeth Fry. She was also noted for her pictures of children; she used her own children as models for her paintings. 
One of her most famous paintings was "Palissy the potter", displayed at the Royal Academy in 1866; it illustrates the incident in which Bernard Palissy accidentally blew up his house while experimenting on ceramic techniques. This and similar works (like "Queen Mary quitting Stirling Castle"; RA 1863 and "Scene from the childhood of Joan of Arc"; RA 1867) made her perhaps the most prominent female history painter of her generation. She gave art lessons to several of the royal children of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
Both Henrietta Ward and her husband were supporters of the cause of women's suffrage. The Wards traveled in an artistic circle that included figures like Charles Dickens and George Cruikshank. In one account, Dickens and Cruikshank nearly brawled when the teetotaler Cruikshank prevented Henrietta Ward from drinking a glass of sherry at a Dickens party.
She outlived her husband by forty-five years. After his 1879 death, the widow started her own art school to help support her family; like her contemporary Louise Jopling, Henrietta Ward specialized in training young women artists. She also received a pension of ₤100 for her previous service as a royal teacher. 
She published two autobiographcal memoirs, "Mrs. E. M. Ward’s Reminiscences" in 1911 and "Memories of Ninety Years", in the year of her death. Her first book has been called "one of the best accounts of the life of a Victorian lady artist." She left a picture of a near-ideal marriage with a husband who encouraged her work, and who was "always the kindest teacher, the most unfailing friend I have ever known."

</doc>
<doc id="19883143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883143" title="All Wrapped Up">
All Wrapped Up

All Wrapped Up is a Christmas-themed CD released by musical artists signed to Hollywood Records singing their own versions of holiday songs. It was released on November 4, 2008, available exclusively at Target stores nationwide.
Chart performance.
"All Wrapped Up" debuted at number 53 on the "Billboard" 200. The following week the album rose 29 places, staying at #24. It has been slipping in the chart until the first week of January 2009, when the album experienced a 112% sales surge, catapulting from #88 to #10 in its eight week on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19883158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883158" title="Active reserve">
Active reserve

Active reserve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883168" title="Israel Chango">
Israel Chango

Israel Fernando Chango Jaramillo (born January 16, 1989) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He is a midfielder currently playing for Macará. He was part of the squad who won the 2008 Copa Libertadores with LDU Quito.
Club career.
Chango started out in the youth ranks of LDU Quito. In 2007, he received a promotion to the regular team and is now used several times. He is seen as a future starter for his club. Although he did not play any games for Liga in the tournament, his team went on to win the title by penalties. His team is the first Ecuadorian team to win the Copa Libertadores in history.
International career.
Chango played a key role for the U-20 national team for Ecuador. He played in the 2007 Pan American Games in Group A. The team won Group A and were the only ones to qualify from that group. He scored his only goal for the U-20 side in a game against Honduras. Ecuador went on to defeat Bolivia 1-0 in the semifinal and later Jamaica 2-1 to claim Ecuador's first ever international title. He will be called up once again to participate in the 2009 South American Youth Championship in Venezuela as one of the key players.

</doc>
<doc id="19883174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883174" title="Trindade (football club)">
Trindade (football club)

Trindade is a football club that plays in Trindade on the island of São Tomé in São Tomé and Príncipe. The team plays in the São Tomé Island League's second level. It has never won any titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19883178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883178" title="Marilyn Jaye Lewis">
Marilyn Jaye Lewis

Marilyn Jaye Lewis (born July 22, 1960) is an American writer and editor of erotic short stories and novels.
Career.
Early career as a singer-songwriter.
Lewis studied recording and audio engineering in New York City, after moving there from her home town of Columbus, Ohio in 1980. She worked in New York City as a singer-songwriter under the name Marilyn Jaye, and later under her married name, Marilyn Jaye Lewis, until 1994.
Writing and editing career.
Lewis began writing erotica in the 1980s. Her first erotic stories were published in the early 1990s in queer zines such as "Bad Attitude" and "Frighten the Horses" [http://www.toobeautiful.org/fth.html], and in anthologies of queer and women's erotica. While continuing to write mostly queer-oriented fiction, she worked in 1996-97 as head writer for Dada House. While at Dada House, Lewis helped create "RomAntics," a bisexual CD-ROM game that won the AVN award in January 1998 for Best Interactive CD-ROM - game. Entertainment Weekly singled out Dada House's erotic fiction series as the "best Web soap opera" in its roundup of "the 30 most beautiful and entertaining websites in the world".
In 1997, Lewis also produced a website, Other Rooms, featuring the work of other erotica writers. In 1998, Lewis launched a second erotica website, Marilyn's Room, which featured stories and interviews focusing on the art and literature end of the erotic spectrum, designed to appeal primarily to a female reader and listener base.
Lewis' first book, "Neptune and Surf," a collection of three erotic novellas, was published by Masquerade Books in 1999. In 2001, she won the London-based Erotic Awards in the Writer category.
She went on to write several erotic romance novels as well as a collection of her short stories, "Lust: Bisexual Erotica" (Alyson Publications, 2004), and edited anthologies of erotic fiction, memoir, photography, and Yaoi. Lewis' own work has been translated into French, Italian, and Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="19883182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883182" title="SMS Regensburg">
SMS Regensburg

SMS "Regensburg" was a light cruiser of the built by the German "Kaiserliche Marine" (Imperial Navy). She had one sister ship, . The ship was built by the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen, laid down in 1912, launched in April 1914, and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in January 1915. She was named for the German town of Regensburg. The ship was armed with a main battery of twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns and had a top speed of , though in 1917 she was rearmed with seven 15 cm SK L/45 guns.
"Regensburg" served in the reconnaissance forces of the High Seas Fleet during World War I. She saw significant action at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916, where she served as the leader of the torpedo boat flotillas that screened for the I Scouting Group battlecruisers. After the end of the war, she was ceded to France in 1920 and renamed "Strasbourg". In 1928 she took part in the Arctic rescue operations searching for the Airship "Italia". Removed from service in 1936, she was used as a barracks ship in Lorient until 1944, when she was seized by the Germans and scuttled in the harbor to protect the U-boat pens there.
Design.
"Regensburg" was ordered under the contract name ""Ersatz" " and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in 1912 and was launched on 25 April 1914; the mayor of Regensburg, Hofrat Josef Bleyer, christened the ship. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 3 January 1915. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of Marine steam turbines driving two propellers. They were designed to give . These were powered by ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers and two oil-fired double-ended boilers. These gave the ship a top speed of . "Regensburg" carried of coal, and an additional of oil that gave her a range of approximately at . She had a crew of 21 officers and 364 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, eight were located amidships, four on either side, and two in a superfiring pair aft. The guns had a maximum elevation of 30 degrees, which allowed them to engage targets out to . These were later replaced with seven 15 cm SK L/45 guns and two 8.8 cm SK L/45 anti-aircraft guns. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes with five torpedoes submerged in the hull on the broadside. Four deck-mounted launchers were added when the gun armament was upgraded, and the submerged tubes were removed. She could also carry 120 mines. The ship was protected by a waterline armored belt that was thick amidships. The conning tower had thick sides, and the deck was covered with up to 60 mm thick armor plate.
Service history.
"Regensburg" completed her trials on 10 March 1915, and was then assigned to the II Scouting Group. Eleven days later, she bombarded Russian positions near Polangen and Papensee; the operation lasted until the 24th. Captain Hans Zenker proposed that "Regensburg" and the liner "Cap Polonio"—which was to be armed with 15 cm guns—should be sent out into the Atlantic to replace the commerce raiding cruisers that had been destroyed in the early months of the war. The fleet commander, Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl, argued the ships would eventually be sunk as well, and that any possible successes for the raiders would not equal the loss of a modern light cruiser or a large passenger liner. The suggested plan was therefore abandoned. On 17–18 May, "Regensburg" took part in a mine-laying operation in the area of the Dogger Bank. On 25 August, she went into the Baltic to bombard Russian positions again, this time on the island of Dagö, including the lighthouse in St. Andreasberg and the signal station on Cap Ristna. On 11–12 May, "Regensburg" participated in another mine-laying operation, this time off Texel. In September, she took part in anti-shipping sweeps in the Skagerrak and the Kattegat. In early 1916, she continued supporting mine-laying operations and reconnaissance sweeps into the North Sea. On 23–24 April, she participated in the bombardment of Yarmouth and Lowestoft, conducted by the battlecruisers of Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's I Scouting Group.
Battle of Jutland.
In May 1916, Admiral Reinhard Scheer, the fleet commander, planned to lure a portion of the British fleet away from its bases and destroy it with the entire High Seas Fleet. For the planned operation, "Regensburg", commanded by Commodore Paul Heinrich, was assigned to serve as the leader of the torpedo boat flotillas that screened for the battlecruisers of the I Scouting Group. The squadron left the Jade roadstead at 02:00 on 31 May, bound for the waters of the Skagerrak. The main body of the fleet followed an hour and a half later. At around 15:30, the cruiser screens of the I Scouting Group and the British 1st Battlecruiser Squadron engaged; "Regensburg" was on the disengaged side of the German formation, but steamed to reach the head of the line of battle. As she was moving into position, the opposing battlecruisers opened fire; "Regensburg" was some from the German battlecruisers, still on the disengaged side. Her crew noted that the British shells were falling well over their targets, which placed "Regensburg" in greater danger than the battlecruisers at which the British were aiming. By 17:10, "Regensburg" had reached the head of the line, and the battlecruiser fired several salvos at her, mistaking her for a battlecruiser.
As the battlecruiser squadrons closed on each other, "Regensburg" ordered the torpedo boats to make a general attack on the British formation. The British had similarly ordered an attack with their destroyers, which led to a hard-fought battle at close range between the opposing destroyer forces, supported by light cruisers and the battlecruisers' secondary guns. Shortly after 19:00, "Regensburg" led an attack with several torpedo boats on the cruiser and four destroyers. She disabled the destroyer and then shifted fire to "Canterbury", which turned away into the mist. By 20:15, the British and German main fleets had engaged, and Scheer sought a withdrawal; he therefore ordered the I Scouting Group to charge the British line while the rest of the fleet turned away. This was in turn covered by a massed torpedo boat attack, which forced the British to turn away as well. "Regensburg" and her torpedo boats were ordered to join the attack, but the I Scouting Group had passed in front of his ships, and he realized the British had turned away, which put them out of range of his torpedoes.
Having successfully disengaged, Scheer ordered "Regensburg" to organize three torpedo boat flotillas to make attacks on the British fleet during the night. At 21:10, Heinrich dispatched the II Flotilla and XII Half-Flotilla from the rear of the German line to attack the British formation. In the night, the High Seas Fleet successfully passed behind the British fleet and reached Horns Reef by 04:00 on 1 June. At 09:45, "Regensburg" and three torpedo boats turned around to rendezvous with the torpedo boats carrying the crew of the scuttled battlecruiser . In the course of the battle, "Regensburg" had fired 372 rounds of 10.5 cm ammunition and emerged completely unscathed.
Subsequent operations.
By 1917, "Regensburg" had been assigned to the IV Scouting Group, along with and . In late October 1917, the IV Scouting Group steamed to Pillau, arriving on the 30th. They were tasked with replacing the heavy units of the fleet that had just completed Operation Albion, the conquest of the islands in the Gulf of Riga, along with the battleships of the I Battle Squadron. The risk of mines that had come loose in a recent storm, however, prompted the naval command to cancel the mission, and "Regensburg" and the rest of the IV Scouting Group was ordered to return to the North Sea on 31 October.
By October 1918, "Regensburg" was serving as the flagship of Commodore Johannes von Karpf, commander of the IV Scouting Group. The unit was to participate in a final, climactic attack by the High Seas Fleet. Admirals Reinhard Scheer and Hipper intended to inflict as much damage as possible on the British navy, in order to secure a better bargaining position for Germany, whatever the cost to the fleet. On the morning of 27 October, days before the operation was scheduled to begin, Karpf ordered "Regensburg"s crew to take on a full load of coal and oil. One division of sailors refused to work and a watch from the engine room personnel changed into their shore-going uniforms and refused to work as well. The ship's First Lieutenant arrested the ringleader of the strike, after which the crew returned to work. On the morning of 29 October 1918, the order was given to sail from Wilhelmshaven the following day. Starting on the night of 29 October, sailors on the battleship and then on several other battleships mutinied. The unrest ultimately forced Hipper and Scheer to cancel the operation.
As the mutinies spread, "Regensburg" was sent to Swinemünde, arriving on 7 November. That night, false reports of torpedo boats manned by Communist revolutionaries had sailed to attack his ships reached Karpf. He ordered his ships to be laid up; the confidential materials carried aboard were destroyed and their ammunition magazines were flooded. When the fleet command learned of the incident, they replaced Karpf with Commodore Rohardt, who set about restoring the ships to seagoing condition. During this process, the IV Scouting Group moved to Stettin. The abdication of Kaiser Wilhelm II on 9 November, however, which indicated to Rohardt that his ships could no longer fly the Imperial ensign. He therefore placed "Regensburg" and "Brummer" out of commission. A new officer arrived in Stettin to serve as "Regensburg"s commander, but he had few officers and no crew. In December 1918, "Regensburg" escorted the British battleship , which was carrying the Allied Armistice Commission, to Kiel.
French service.
"Regensburg" served in the newly reorganized "Reichsmarine" after the end of the war, through 1919. She was stricken from the naval register on 10 March 1920 and placed out of service. On 4 June 1920, the ship was surrendered to the Allies in the port of Cherbourg, France and transferred under the name "J" to the French Navy. She was renamed "Strasbourg" and served with the French fleet. She was initially home-ported in Brest, until she was transferred to Toulon in 1923, where she remained for the next three years. In 1925, she underwent a major overhaul, after which she made on speed trials. "Strasbourg" participated in the Rif War in the mid 1920s; on 7 September 1925, she and the battleship "Paris" and the cruiser "Metz" supported a landing of French troops in North Africa. The three ships provided heavy gunfire support to the landing troops. In early 1928, a major earthquake struck Corinth, Greece; "Strassbourg" was among the vessels sent to aid in the relief effort. The international effort provided assistance to 15,000 people. 
Also in 1928, she assisted in the search effort for the wrecked airship "Italia", which had crashed on the polar ice northeast of Svalbard. In addition, Roald Amundsen, who had also joined the search effort, went missing himself. "Strassbourg" arrived in Tromsø, Norway, on 19 June, to search for both "Italia" and Amundsen's aircraft. The ship's bow was not designed to operate in an Arctic environment, and so the crew had to continually fix wood planks to the hull to protect it from the ice. While refueling from the tanker "Durance", "Strassbourg" took on two FBA 17 seaplanes to assist in the search effort. On 30 August, "Strassbourg" located one of the floats from Amundsen's aircraft, confirming the loss of the plane. The search effort was called off on 17 September, and "Strassbourg" returned to Brest by way of Reykjavík, arriving back in France by mid October.
She remained in service until 14 June 1936, when she was placed in reserve. Her name was reused for the new battleship "Strasbourg", so the old cruiser was renamed "Strassbourg II". The cruiser was subsequently used as a barracks ship in Lorient until 1944, when she was seized by the Germans and scuttled in the harbor to protect the U-boat pens in the harbor from torpedo attack. Barrage balloons and anti-torpedo nets were attached to the ship to strengthen the defenses of the U-boat pens. Her wreck remains in the harbor, and is visible at low tide.

</doc>
<doc id="19883191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883191" title="USS Wahkiakum County (LST-1162)">
USS Wahkiakum County (LST-1162)

USS "Wahkiakum County" (LST-1162), previously USS "LST-1162", was a United States Navy landing ship tank (LST) in commission from 1953 to 1970, and which then saw non-commissioned Military Sealift Command service as USNS "Wahkiakum County" (T-LST-1162) from 1972 to 1973.
Construction and commissioning.
"Wahkiakum County" was laid down as USS "LST-1162" on 21 July 1952 at Pascagoula, Mississippi by the Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation. She was launched on 23 January 1953, sponsored by Mrs. Wilbur G. Dees, and commissioned on 13 August 1953, Lieutenant Commander I. W. Mathews in command.
Atlantic and Caribbean operations, 1953-1960.
Following shakedown in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, "LST-1162" operated out of the United States Atlantic Fleet's Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek, Virginia Beach, Virginia, for the remainder of 1953, conducting local operations out of Little Creek and off the coast of Florida. In 1954, "LST-1162" participated in Atlantic Fleet amphibious maneuvers "NprAmEx" and "LantFlex" and conducted operations with the Operational Development Force out of Key West, Florida, testing antisubmarine warfare gear. Later during 1954, "LST-1162" visited Havana, Cuba, with embarked naval reservists. During March 1955, "LST-1162" operated off Bloodsworth Island, conducting gunfire tests and serving as range safety vessel at the Navy's gunnery practice areas there.
On 1 July 1955, USS "LST-1162" was named USS "Wahkiakum County" (LST-1162). For the next five years, "Wahkiakum County" pursued a regular schedule of operations off the United States East Coast and into the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico. Operating with the Atlantic Fleet's amphibious force, she served alternatively as a helicopter carrier -— a harbinger of the roles which other ships of her type would perform during the Vietnam War; a shore bombardment safety vessel; an afloat gunnery training ship; and a transport for Navy construction battalions (CB's or "Seabees") and their equipment.
Atlantic, Caribbean, and Mediterranean operations, 1960-1965.
At the end of this period, she deployed to the Mediterranean and operated with the 6th Fleet from May to December 1960. She carried cargo and troops and participated in amphibious exercises with naval units of North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) countries in the Mediterranean.
"Wahkiakum County" underwent a major overhaul at Newport News, Virginia, in 1961, before she resumed active operations with a three-month Caribbean deployment.
Transferred to Amphibious Squadron (PhibRon) 12 on 1 July 1961, "Wahkiakum County" participated in several amphibious landing exercises and contingency operations over the remainder of the year. During July and September 1961, she transported United States Naval Academy midshipmen from Annapolis, Maryland, to Little Creek, Virginia, for annual summer training and began a three-month Caribbean deployment in September 1961.
During the Cuban Missile Crisis in the autumn of 1962, "Wahkiakum County" embarked the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, and operated in support of the blockade of Cuba from 24 October 1962 to 7 December 1962. She deployed to the Mediterranean in the spring of 1963, operating with the 6th Fleet Amphibious Task Force, and again to the Caribbean during the spring of 1964.
Intervention in the Dominican Republic, 1965.
On 24 April 1965, supporters of the ousted Dominican Republic President Juan Bosch launched a "coup d'etat" in Santo Domingo, which soon degenerated into a civil war, with loyalists battling a rebel group backed by armed civilians. As the fighting threatened Americans there, the United States sent U.S. Marines to protect and evacuate Americans. When it appeared that the revolt had been taken over by Fidel Castro's Cubans, the United States intervened with more men —- paratroops of the 82nd Airborne Division and Marines. During the period from 9 May 1965 to 17 May 1965, "Wahkiakum County" operated in support of this evacuation and intervention operation.
Mediterranean and Caribbean operations, 1965-1970.
For the remainder of the 1960s and into 1970, "Wahkiakum County" operated on regular deployments to the Caribbean and Mediterranean.
Decommissioning and disposal.
Decommissioned at the Inactive Ship Facility, Orange, Texas, on 16 October 1970, "Wahkiakum County" was transferred to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) at Brooklyn, New York on 10 April 1972. Reclassified as a United States Naval Ship (USNS) -- indicating non-commissioned U.S. Navy service with a largely civilian crew—and as T-LST-1162, the now-USNS "Wahkiakum County" operated with MSC as a cargo ship until struck from the Navy List in 1973; sources disagree on the date on which she was struck, claiming it was either on 11 January 1973 or on 11 November 1973. She was then laid up.
"Wahkiakum County" was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 29 July 1992, for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay, Benicia, California. She was sold for scrapping on 22 June 2005 to ESCO Marine, Brownsville, Texas, and removed from the Suisun Bay National Defense Reserve Fleet on 24 August 2005. She was subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="19883196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883196" title="Oh, My God! (album)">
Oh, My God! (album)

Oh, My God! is the debut album of emcee Doug E. Fresh. It was released in 1986 on Reality Records, a short-lived subsidiary of the legendary Fantasy Records, and was produced by Dennis Bell and Ollie Cotton. The album was only a moderate success when it was released, peaking at #21 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. However, today, the album is considered one of the greatest hip-hop albums of all time, but it was never released on compact disc. This album has also been known to contain one of the first horrorcore songs with "Play This Only at Night," which used an interpolation of the theme music of the movie "Phantasm.

</doc>
<doc id="19883215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883215" title="Country Day School, Guanacaste">
Country Day School, Guanacaste

Country Day School, Guanacaste (CDS) is a private, United States-accredited, boarding school located between the Flamingo Beach and Tamarindo Beach in Brasilito, Guanacaste, Costa Rica. Inspired by the Country Day School movement, it was founded as an English-speaking school in 1963. The school serves students in grades pre-K to twelfth grade. In 2002, the school added a boarding program for grades 8-12. The school is owned and operated by the same shareholders as Country Day School in Escazu, which has a history dating to 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19883235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883235" title="Malak Mala">
Malak Mala

Malak Mala is a village in the Chachh region of Attock District in Northern Punjab of Pakistan. It lies close to the borders of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Its neighboring villages include Barazai, Behbudi, Shinka, Nartopa and Ghorghushti town.

</doc>
<doc id="19883245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883245" title="Koti Residency">
Koti Residency

Koti Residency or British Residency or "Hyderabad Residency" is an opulent mansion built by the British Resident of Hyderabad state, James Achilles Kirkpatrick during 1798–1805. It is a tourist attraction and located in Koti, Hyderabad. 
The design is a palladian villa which is the same design followed by the builders of the United States White House when rebuilding it after being destroyed by the British in 1812. It is the subject of William Dalrymple's White Mughals. The house was designed by Lieutenant Samuel Russell of the Madras Engineers and construction began in 1803.
History.
Kirkpatrick built this mansion for his Indian wife Khair un Nissa who bore him two surviving children who were sent to England by the age of 5 and never saw them again due to their early deaths of their parents.
"Koti" meaning a mansion, is a huge mansion built in Palladian Georgian style. In 1949 it was converted into the women's college, Osmania University College for Women.
The building was at once the embassy of the East India Company representative at large to The Nizam as well as a Fort. Within its compound one can find a miniature of the building in a scaled down form so as to fulfill the wishes of his wife to see the entire scale of the mansion.
After a court directive to the Archeological Survey of India, it is now a protected monument.
British Residents at Hyderabad included:
References.
http://www.amazon.com/White-Mughals-Betrayal-Eighteenth-Century-India/dp/014200412X

</doc>
<doc id="19883247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883247" title="Snows of Darkover">
Snows of Darkover

Snows of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 949) in April, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19883251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883251" title="Eliot Bridge">
Eliot Bridge

The Eliot Bridge is a bridge over the Charles River between Cambridge, Massachusetts and Allston, Boston, Massachusetts. It connects Soldiers Field Road in Allston with Gerry's Landing Road, Memorial Drive, Greenough Boulevard, and the Fresh Pond Parkway in Cambridge.
The bridge was built in 1950 as a memorial to Charles W. Eliot, Harvard president 1869–1909, and his son Charles Eliot, landscape architect for the Metropolitan Park Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19883262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883262" title="Agana Shopping Center">
Agana Shopping Center

Agana Shopping Center is a shopping center located in downtown Hagåtña, in the United States territory of Guam. Opening in 1978, the mall is one of numerous malls on Guam. Main competitors include Micronesia Mall, Guam's largest shopping mall and Guam Premier Outlets in Tamuning. 
The mall includes five theatres called Agana Center Stadium Theatres because of its true stadium seating capacity.
The shopping center was severely damaged when a typhoon struck the island in 2002. SM Prime Holdings, Philippines' largest developer of malls, bought the mall and opened its first SM Branch on US territorial soil on this mall since its previous attempt in the 1970s—before SM had grown into a retail giant. Agana Shopping Center also features recognized home-grown businesses such as Pay-Less Supermarkets and Shirley's Coffee Shop.
Notable fast-food chains include: Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, which have independent outlets on the outskirts of the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="19883265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883265" title="Phuturistix">
Phuturistix

Phuturistix is an English musical duo consisting of Zed Bias (real name Dave Jones) and DJ Injekta (real name Sefton Motley) who operates within the UK garage and broken beat genres. To date, Phuturistix has released two albums on Hospital Records and self-run Phuture Lounge Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19883272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883272" title="Gordon Favelle">
Gordon Favelle

Gordon Favelle was a rugby league footballer in the Australian competition, the New South Wales Rugby League.
Favelle played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1935 season, the year the club won its fifth Premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="19883273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883273" title="Like Omigod! The 80s Pop Culture Box (Totally)">
Like Omigod! The 80s Pop Culture Box (Totally)

Like Omigod! The 80s Pop Culture Box (Totally) is a seven-disc, 142-track box set of popular music hits of the 1980s. Released by Rhino Records in 2002, the box set was based on the success of "", Rhino's box set covering the 1970s.
"Like Omigod!" includes a 90-page booklet of cultural comment, a timeline for the decade, and liner notes for the tracks included in the set. As does "Have a Nice Decade", the tracks tend to be from the lesser-known artists who were one-hit wonders, although music from the best-selling artists of the era are also included. In addition, many of the 1980s musical styles — rock, pop, country pop, new wave, funk, disco and rhythm and blues — are represented.
A majority of the tracks on the first 5½ discs focus on 1980–1985, while the remaining tracks cover the period of 1986–1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19883277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883277" title="The Go-Giver">
The Go-Giver

The Go-Giver: A Little Story about a Powerful Business Idea is a book written by Bob Burg and John D. Mann. It is a story about the power of giving. The first edition was published on December 27, 2007 by Portfolio Hardcover.
Summary.
The "Go-Giver" as the authors tell, revolves around the story of a young professional (Joe) who is striving for success. Joe is ambitious, however lately it seems like his hard work and efforts are not paying off in terms of results. Following a disappointing quarter—in terms of sales results—he inadvertently seeks the mentorship of "The Chairman".
Joe then embarks on a learning journey by meeting "Go-Givers"—friends of "The Chairman". Through these interactions he learns of the "Five Laws of Stratospheric Success":
Reception.
"The Go-Giver's" fictional story got the attention of several prominent business managers, including reviewers at "Business Week". The book was #9 on the "Businessweek" Best Seller list.

</doc>
<doc id="19883298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883298" title="Frances Yung">
Frances Yung

Frances Yung Ming Fong (born 1972 with family roots in Wuxi, Jiangsu) was the director of Group Finance Department of CITIC Pacific. She is the deputy chairman of CITIC Pacific Communications Limited and the director of Hong Kong Eastern Harbour Tunnel Company. She is the daughter of Larry Yung Chi Kin, the former chairman of CITIC Pacific.
2008 CITIC Pacific foreign exchange losses.
In October 2008, Yung and other two senior executives were involved in an unauthorized foreign exchange deals in CITIC Pacific, which caused a HK$15.5 billion loss in the company. Then she was removed from the finance department and demoted with a salary cut, confirmed by Henry Fan, the CITIC Pacific's managing director.

</doc>
<doc id="19883311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883311" title="James Love (poet)">
James Love (poet)

James Love (1722–1774) was the pseudonym of British poet, playwright and actor James Dance. He is famous within sporting circles for his "Cricket: An Heroic Poem" (1744), whose line "The strokes re-echo o'er the spacious ground" has been quoted in the "Oxford English Dictionary". Its subtitle reads thus:
Illustrated with the Critical Observations of Scriblerus Maximus. To which is Added an Epilogue, Call'd Bucks Have at Ye All. Spoken by Mr. King, at the Theatre Royal in Dublin, in the Character of Ranger, in the Suspicious Husband
On 4 July 1745, the "Daily Advertiser" advertised it at 1/-. A footnote to the publication adds that it was "rinted for W Bickerton at the Gazette in the Temple Exchange near the Inner Temple Gate, Fleet Street."
Life and work.
Son of George Dance the Elder, who worked as an architect and city surveyor, Love was himself a cricketer, being a member of Richmond Cricket Club, Surrey. Richmond was a leading club in the 1740s and Love may have represented Surrey too. However, no details have survived of his playing career.
He was also likely the founder of the Theatre Royal in Richmond upon Thames, which he managed from 1766 to 1773. In 1763, at Drury Lane in London, he played the role of Falstaff, for which he became best known as an actor, his authorial pseudonym serving also as his stage name. He performed, too, in both Dublin and Edinburgh, of which he was a sometime manager. Invited to Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1762, he retained a connection to it for the rest of his life.
As a writer, Love met success with such Rome-inspired Pantomimes as "The Witches; or, Harlequin Cherokee" (1762), "The Rites of Hecate; or, Harlequin from the Moon" (1763) and "The Hermit; or, Harlequin at Rhodes" (1766), in addition to "Cricket". His earliest work was "Pamela" (1742).
Family.
Love was also the brother of George Dance the Younger, who took on the same occupation as his father. It is probable that both the Younger and the Elder helped to construct the Richmond Theatre. According to Dorothy Stroud, "references to the building are vague and two of them, while agreeing as to sponsors, differ as to the name of the designer. A third gives it to Garrick and it is evident that there was a good deal of confusion as to the various participants."

</doc>
<doc id="19883313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883313" title="Ormeaux">
Ormeaux

Ormeaux may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883342" title="Qiao Lin">
Qiao Lin

Qiao Lin (喬琳) (died July 28, 784) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor briefly early in the reign of Emperor Dezong. He later served the rebel ruler Zhu Ci, and after Tang forces destroyed Zhu's regime, was executed despite his old age.
Background and early career.
It is not known which year Qiao Lin was born, but it is known that his family was from Taiyuan. He was poor in his youth and lost his father early, but was studious and became known for his literary abilities. Early in Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), he passed the imperial examinations and was made the sheriff of Chengwu County (成武, in modern Heze, Shandong) and later the sheriff of Xingping County (興平, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). He was later invited by the great general Guo Ziyi to serve as Guo's secretary, and later made a "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), a mid-level imperial censor. At this time, he was said to be often talkative and jocular, and he often insulted his colleagues. As a result, his relationship with a colleague, Bi Yao (畢耀), which started with mutual jocular insults, evolved into frequent serious disputes such that they accused each other of faults. Qiao was demoted to be a census officer at Ba Prefecture (巴州, in modern Bazhong, Sichuan).
Qiao later served as the magistrate of Nanguo County (南郭, in modern Nanchong, Sichuan), and later the military chief of staff under Zhang Xiancheng (張獻誠) the military governor of Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). After Zhang completed his term of office, Qiao became an assistant to Xianyu Shuming (鮮于叔明) the military governor of Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan). He then successively served as the prefect of Guo Prefecture (果州, in modern Nanchong), Mian Prefecture (綿州, in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), and Sui Prefecture (遂州, in modern Suining, Sichuan). He was subsequently recalled to the capital Chang'an to serve as the deputy chief judge of the supreme court (大理少卿, "Dali Shaoqing") and then the principal of the imperial university (國子祭酒, "Guozi Jijiu"). Yet later, he was made the prefect of Huai Prefecture (懷州, in modern Jiaozuo, Henan).
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
After Emperor Xuanzong's great-grandson Emperor Dezong became emperor in 779, Emperor Dezong's teacher Zhang She (張涉) became an influential advisor for Emperor Dezong. Qiao was friendly with Zhang, and when Emperor Dezong asked Zhang for a recommendation for a chancellor, Zhang recommended Qiao — despite the fact that Qiao was not known for his abilities. In fall 779, Emperor Dezong, believing in Zhang's recommendations, made Qiao chief imperial censor (御史大夫, "Yushi Daifu") and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto" — a commission that much shocked the people. By this point, however, Qiao was old and hard of hearing, and whenever Emperor Dezong consulted him, he would rarely respond properly. After he had only served less than 90 days as a chancellor, Emperor Dezong removed him from his chancellor position and made him the minister of public works (工部尚書, "Gongbu Shangshu"). As a result of this inappropriate recommendation, Emperor Dezong distanced himself from Zhang thereafter. In 780, Emperor Dezong made Qiao the assistant to his younger brother Li Shu (李述) the Prince of Mu in a nationwide search for his mother Empress Dowager Shen, who had disappeared during the Anshi Rebellion. (Empress Dowager Shen was ultimately never located.)
In 783, the soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east in Emperor Dezong's campaigns against warlords, mutinied when they were angry that Emperor Dezong did not give them sufficient rewards. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang), and Qiao followed him there. The mutineers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu soon declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin. Qin forces, however, were not able to capture Emperor Dezong at Fengtian, and the Tang and Qin forces went into a stalemate. In spring 784, the major Tang general Li Huaiguang, angry with Emperor Dezong over Emperor Dezong's refusal to meet him, entered into an alliance with Zhu against Emperor Dezong, and Emperor Dezong was forced to further flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong). Qiao initially followed him but, when they reached Zhouzhi (盩厔, in modern Xi'an, Shaanxi), Qiao, citing his old age and his lack of a horse, declined to follow Emperor Dezong — despite Emperor Dezong's offering an imperial horse to him. Emperor Dezong, saddened, stated, "Take care of yourself. I will bid farewell to you, Lord." Qiao thereafter took tonsure and became a Buddhist monk at Xiaoyou Temple (仙遊寺). When Zhu heard this, he had soldiers escort Qiao back to the capital and offered him the post of minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書, "Libu Shangshu"). Qiao, after initially declining, accepted. He appeared to have mixed emotions about this, however, and one of the prospective officials that he selected for Zhu complained that the position given him was not secure, Qiao's response was an ambiguous, "Do you really feel that this position can be secure?"
Later in the year, though, another major Tang general, Li Sheng, destroyed Zhu's regime (which had been renamed Han) and recaptured Chang'an. He welcomed Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an. A group of Han officials, including Qiao, were set to be executed. Li Sheng, taking pity on Qiao because of his old age, sought forgiveness on Qiao's behalf. Emperor Dezong, resenting Qiao for turning against him, refused, and ordered Qiao beheaded. On July 28, 784 (the seventh day of the seventh month of the lunar calendar), Qiao was executed along with two other major Han officials, Jiang Zhen (蔣鎮) and Zhang Guangsheng (張光晟). Before he was killed, he sighed and commented, "I, Qiao Lin, was born on the seventh day of the seventh month, and I die here on the seventh day of the seventh month. Is it not my fate?"

</doc>
<doc id="19883345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883345" title="North American Conference on Chinese Linguistics">
North American Conference on Chinese Linguistics

The North American Conference on Chinese Linguistics (NACCL) is an annual academic conference that focuses on research in Chinese language and linguistics. 
The conference was first held in 1989 at Ohio State University, as the Northeast Conference on Chinese Linguistics (NECCL), and changed its name to "North American Conference on Chinese Linguistics" at its third annual session in 1991. It is held every year in late spring, and includes both theoretical and empirical research from all subfields of Chinese linguistics; presenters include graduate students in addition to professors and other well-established scholars. The conference generally hosts talks both in Chinese and in English. The proceedings are published annually after the conference is finished; after NACCL-20 in 2008, the proceedings were published online for the first time.
Subjects presented include: Sociolinguistics, Phonetics/Phonology, Syntax, Semantics, Pragmatics, Orthography, Historical linguistics, Computational/Corpus Linguistics, Language Acquisition, Psycholinguistics, and Morphology. 

</doc>
<doc id="19883352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883352" title="Aka I of Commagene">
Aka I of Commagene

Aka I of Commagene also known as Aka I () was a Princess from the Kingdom of Commagene, who lived in the 1st century BC. Aka I was of Greek and Armenian descent.
Aka I was the daughter of Princess Antiochis of Commagene and the identity of her father is unknown. Her maternal grandparents were King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Queen Isias Philostorgos of Commagene. 
Unfortunately very little is known on Aka I. She appeared to have died of unknown causes sometime between the late 30s or early 20s BC. Aka I was buried along with her maternal grandmother and her mother on a burial site. This burial site was a monument known as the "Karakush" or "Karakus Tumulus", also known as "The Black Bird". The monument received its name because there is a column topped by an eagle, which has earned the mound name. 
This burial sanctuary was constructed and built by her maternal uncle King Mithridates II of Commagene. Mithridates II built this sanctuary to bury and honour the lives and the memories of Aka I, her mother and her maternal grandmother. It is located 12 km or 7.5 miles from Kahta, Turkey. Each tumulus is surrounded by groups of three Doric Columns. Each column was about 9 metres or 29.5 feet high. It is topped with steles, reliefs and statues of a bull, lion and eagle. 
This monument has Greek honorific inscriptions, which provides information about this site. It is inscribed on the external face of the two drums of the central column of the Northeast. Skipping a couple of phrases where restoration has been doubtful, the inscription reads: 
After the Kingdom of Commagene was annexed in 72 by the Roman emperor Vespasian, the vault of the tomb has been looted. Her namesake was Aka II of Commagene, one of the daughters of Mithridates III of Commagene and Iotapa.

</doc>
<doc id="19883361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883361" title="2007 CIS Men's Soccer Championship">
2007 CIS Men's Soccer Championship

The 2007 CIS Men's Soccer Championship was held from 8 to 11 November 2008 at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia. The UBC Thunderbirds defeated the Laval Rouge et Or 2-1.
All-Canadians.
First Team(1-11) and Second Team(12-22) with school and hometown.
All-Canadians.
First team (school and home town listed also)
Second team (school and home town listed also)
Bialy, the CIS player of the year in 2006, and Marquez are both selected for the second straight season.

</doc>
<doc id="19883370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883370" title="Necip Hablemitoğlu">
Necip Hablemitoğlu

Necip Hablemitoğlu (28 November 1954, Ankara – 19 December 2002, Ankara) was a Turkish historian and intellectual. He died as a result of assassination in front of his home in 2002. The perpetrators of this assassination have still not been found. In Ergenekon trial testimony, however, detained suspects Osman Yıldırım claimed that Osman Gürbüz killed him by the motivation of detained suspects Veli Küçük and Muzaffer Tekin for a false flag operation.
Background and personal life.
Hablemitoğlu graduated from the School of Press and Journal at the Faculty of Political Science, Ankara University in 1977. Between 1977 and 1978, he published a monthly journal titled "Dilde, Fikirde, İşde Birlik". After serving as press consultant in some organizations, he did his master study and doctoral thesis on the History of Turkish Reforms at Ankara University.
He is survived by his wife Prof. Dr. Şengül Hablemitoglu, and daughters Kanije, and Uyvar, named after the outmost forts of the Ottoman Empire in the west and in the north.
Career.
Hablemitoğlu was a lecturer on Atatürk's thoughts at Ankara University.
Studies on Crimean Turks.
He first introduced himself to the Turkish public with a series of articles titled ""Yuzbinlerin Surgunu"" (), which was published in the Turkish daily "Akşam" in the 1970s. These articles were later issued as a book with the same title. Considering the silence of the entire world, including the Turkic world, about the brutal deportation of Crimean Tatars by Soviet Union authorities during World War II, Hablemitoglu's articles written during the sensitive "Cold War" era, were indeed a daring attempt to draw world's attention to this politically "hot" issue. He continued to work on Crimean Tatar and other Turkic issues by publishing the journal "Birlik" in the early 1970s.
"Çarlık Rusyası'nda Türk Kongreleri (1905-1917)" Congresses in Tsarist Russia (1915-1917) was another of his scholarly contribution to the history of the Turkic peoples of Russia, a subject he was deeply interested in. With his wife Şengül Hablemitoglu, he co-authored one of the most important books related to Crimean Tatars, "Şefika Gaspirali ve Rusya'da Turk Kadin Hareketleri (1893-1920)" [Şefika Gaspirali and Turkic Women's Movement in Russia (1893-1920)]. (See: www.iccrimea.org/reports/sefika.html). Dr. Necip Hablemitoglu also wrote numerous articles related to Crimea and Crimean Tatars, mostly published in Crimean Tatar bi-monthly journal "Kırım", issued in Ankara, Turkey.
Studies on German NGOs in Turkey.
His book, "Alman Vakıfları ve Bergama Dosyası", accused German NGOs operating in Turkey of espionage. The accusations were found wanting in court, as a consequence of which his publisher was fined 50 billion Lira (later reduced to a symbolic 1 billion after the prosecution declared that their grievance was not monetary). The Bergama issue revolved around the gold industry. It is claimed that Turkey imported US$800 million worth of gold from Germany annually, and the discovery of a gold mine in Bergama posed a threat, which had to be stopped. So in order to achieve that, the offices of various German NGOs in Turkey are claimed to have backhandedly financed and organized the anti-goldmine activist movements by local villagers in the area.
Gülen movement.
His book "Köstebek", published posthumously, was an exposé of the Gülen movement. In this book, Hablemitoglu claimed an "illegal grouping" of Gülen Movement in the General Directorate of Security (Turkish National Police).
Assassination.
The murder case is unresolved. According to one hypothesis, he was assassinated in a false flag operation by gendarmerie general Veli Küçük (his trial continues on Ergenekon case) that was pinned on Islamists.
According to another theory, Hablemitoğlu was killed in cooperation with Ergenekon and German NGOs, with the German GSG 9 secret service responsible (the motive relating to the Bergama issue, see "Studies on German NGOs" above). Ergenekon is very strong in Germany. Bedrettin Dalan, a fugitive and first number suspect in Ergenekon Case, allegedly has a fake passport from German Intelligence Agency BND.
Hablemitoğlu seems to have known that he was targeted, for his daughters asked him about what to do in the event of an assault.
The last thing he did on the day of his attack was to go grocery shopping. According to security camera records and receipts from the store, he left at 20:05 local time. He was assassinated after returning home a few minutes later.

</doc>
<doc id="19883372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883372" title="Gyzyletrek">
Gyzyletrek

Gyzyletrek (also Bayat-Khadzhi, Kyzyl-Atrek) is a town in western Turkmenistan. It is located in Balkan Province on the Atrek River bordering on Iran. The name means "Red Atrek" and may be a reference to the silt load that the Atrek River carries at that point. It is the capital of Etrek District (formerly Gyzyletrek District).
Nearby towns and villages include Agach-Arvat (4.8 km), Torshakli, Iran (6.3 km), Yasydepe (15.6 km), and Yarymtyk (19.4 km). There is no air service to Gyzyletrek, although there is an airport, Kizyl Atrek Airport, just to the south.
Climate.
Gyzyletrek has a desert climate (Köppen climate classification "BWk"), with cool winters and hot summers. Rainfall is generally light and erratic, and is heavier in winter than in summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19883417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883417" title="Marsan (disambiguation)">
Marsan (disambiguation)

Marsan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883419" title="Active reserve (KGB)">
Active reserve (KGB)

The active reserve of the KGB are members of the organization who work undercover "either pretending to assume various jobs or using as cover professions in which they are actually trained".
Active reserve KGB officers typically occupied such positions as deputy directors of scientific research or deans responsible for foreign relations in academic institutions of the Soviet Union, although these people were not scientists. Other officers were trained for certain civilian jobs, usually translators, journalists, telephone engineers, or doormen in hotels that served foreigners.
The active reserve was significantly expanded in Post-Soviet Russia, when a majority of positions in the Russian power elite were occupied by acting or undercover officers of the Russian state security services, such as the FSB and SVR, the official successors of the KGB. "The only difference between them of active reserve and regular civil-servants is that they have an extra duty: writing reports every month for the FSB. They are the eyes of the master”, said sociologist Olga Krychtanovskaia.
Background.
Undercover staff of the KGB included three major categories: (a) the active reserve; (b) the "trusted contacts" (or "reliable people"), and (c) "civilian informers" (or "secret helpers"). The "active reserve" included KGB officers with a military rank who worked undercover in the Soviet Union. "Trusted contacts" were high placed civilians who collaborated with the KGB without signing any official working agreements, such as directors of personnel departments at various institutions, academics, deans, or writers and actors. Informers were citizens secretly recruited by the KGB, sometimes using forceful recruitment methods, such as blackmail. The precise number of people from various categories remains unknown, but one of the estimates was 11 million "informers" in the Soviet Union, or one out of every eighteen adult citizens 
History.
The active reserve was established by Yuri Andropov in the end of 1960s. "Active reservists" worked in all organizations of importance including press and television.
A "Law on Foreign Intelligence" adopted in August 1992 provided conditions for penetration by former KGB officers to all levels of the government and economy, since it stipulated that "career personnel may occupy positions in ministries, departments, establishments, enterprises and organizations in accordance with the requirements of this law without compromising their association with foreign intelligence agencies.". "All big companies have to put people from the security services on the board of directors... and we know that when Lubyanka calls, they have to answer them", said a Russian banker A current FSB colonel explained that "We must make sure that companies don't make decisions that are not in the interest of the state" [http://www.economist.com/world/displaystory.cfm?story_id=9682621 [http://www.finrosforum.fi/?p=513].
Olga Kryshtanovskaya, director of the Moscow-based Center for the Study of Elites, has found in the beginning of 2000s (decade) that up to 78% of 1,016 leading political figures in post-Soviet Russia have served previously in organizations affiliated with the KGB or FSB. She said: "If in the Soviet period and the first post-Soviet period, the KGB and FSB people were mainly involved in security issues, now half are still involved in security but the other half are involved in business, political parties, NGOs, regional governments, even culture... They started to use all political institutions."
Notable active reserve officers.
Many Russian democratic politicians and businessmen hired officers of the active reserve as their closest associates. Most did this knowingly to receive the support of the powerful organization. Anatoly Sobchak asked for advice from Oleg Kalugin in 1990. He said: "I feel isolated. I need a person who can maintain contacts with the KGB, which controls the city". Very soon Sobchak hired Vladimir Putin who allegedly remained in the active reserve at this time. 
Tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky hired former KGB general Alexei Kondaurov. Mayor of Moscow Yuri Luzhkov had Yevgeny Primakov, then director of Russian Foreign intelligence. In 1991 businessman Vladimir Gusinsky hired General Philipp Bobkov who supervised the entire system of active reserve in the Soviet Union. Bobkov officially served as a head of security in the Media Most company that belonged to Gusinsky.

</doc>
<doc id="19883422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883422" title="Odd Kvaal Pedersen">
Odd Kvaal Pedersen

Odd Kvaal Pedersen (1935 – 1990) was a Norwegian journalist, author and translator.
He spent the better part of his career as cultural editor of "Stavanger Aftenblad". His work in journalism was recognized by the Fritt Ord Foundation in 1986, who awarded him the Fritt Ord Honorary Award for progressive and far reaching expression of the concerns of the oppressed people of South Africa and for publicizing developing country issues.
He debuted as a fiction author at 55 years of age in 1980 with publication of the novel "Dobbel frukt". By that time he had issued several African-themed non-fiction books, including "Afrika i dag—og i morgen" (1969), "Hvit samvittighet. Rapport om apartheid" (1971) and "Sør-Afrika: Siste trekk" (1986). In 1987 he was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature for the documentary novel "Narren og hans mester" about the painter Lars Hertervig.

</doc>
<doc id="19883425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883425" title="Heart Burns">
Heart Burns

Heart Burns is the debut solo EP by Against Me! singer/guitarist Laura Jane Grace, released under her former name Tom Gabel. It was released October 28, 2008 on Sire Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19883432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883432" title="Eladio Rosabal Cordero">
Eladio Rosabal Cordero

Personal.
Rosabal Cordero was the eldest of eight brothers and assumed responsibility for his family at age 21 following his father's death. He married Claudia Echeverría Flores, the daughter of writer and politician Aquileo J. Echeverría, and they had six children. He died from cancer in 1965.
Club career.
Rosabal Cordero began his football career with Club La Libertad, but left the club in 1921 to form Club Sport Herediano along with Joaquín Manuel "Toquita" Gutiérrez, Francisco "Paco" Fuentes and the brothers Gilberto "Beto" and Claudio "Cayito" Arguedas. Between 1921 and 1933, Rosabal Cordero played for Herediano and won eight Primera División de Costa Rica championships.
He was a captain of the Costa Rica national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19883440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883440" title="Antiochis of Commagene">
Antiochis of Commagene

Antiochis of Commagene (Greek η Aντιoχίς) was a Princess from the Kingdom of Commagene, who lived in the 1st century BC. She was of Greek and Armenian descent.
Family.
Antiochis was the second daughter of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Queen Isias Philostorgos. Unfortunately very little is known on Antiochis. The identity of her husband is unknown and she had a daughter called Aka, also known as Aka I of Commagene.
She appeared to have died of unknown causes sometime between the late 30s or early 20s BC. Antiochis was buried along with her mother and her daughter on a burial site. This burial site was a monument known as the "Karakush" or "Karakus Tumulus", also known as "The Black Bird". The monument received its name because there is a column topped by an eagle, which has earned the mound name.
This burial sanctuary was constructed and built by her brother King Mithridates II of Commagene. Mithridates built this sanctuary to bury and honour the lives and the memories of Antiochis, Aka and Isias. It is located 12 km or 7.5 miles from Kahta, Turkey. Each tumulus is surrounded by groups of three Doric Columns. Each column was about 9 metres or 29.5 feet high. It is topped with steles, reliefs and statues of a bull, lion and eagle.
This monument has Greek honorific inscriptions, which provides information about this site. It is inscribed on the external face of the two drums of the central column of the Northeast. Skipping a couple of phrases where restoration has been doubtful, the inscription reads:
This is the hierothesion site or foundation of Isias, whom the great King Mithridates (she being his own mother)…deemed worthy of this final hour. And…Antiochis lies herein, the king’s sister by the same mother, the most beautiful of women, whose life was short but her honours long-enduring. Both of these, as you see, preside here, and with them a daughter’s daughter, the daughter of Antiochis, Aka. A memorial of life with each other and of the king’s honour.
After the Kingdom of Commagene was annexed in 72 by the Roman Emperor Vespasian, the vault of the tomb has been looted.

</doc>
<doc id="19883441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883441" title="Controlled Unclassified Information">
Controlled Unclassified Information

]
Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) is a new category of unclassified categories issued in a directive on May 9, 2008, by President George W. Bush. CUI replaces categories such as For Official Use Only (FOUO), Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) and Law Enforcement Sensitive (LES) categories.
The Presidential memorandum designated the National Archives as responsible for overseeing and managing the implementation of the CUI framework. This memorandum has since been rescinded by of November 4, 2010, and the guidelines previously outlined within it were expanded upon to improve uniformity across all Federal agencies and to develop a standard policy regarding the controlled unclassification process itself.
In a similar previous effort, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Reducing Information Control Designations Act, (), on March 17, 2009. The bill was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the 111th Congress in the U.S. Senate, but it was never passed by the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="19883453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883453" title="Spindle (tool)">
Spindle (tool)

In machine tools, a spindle is a rotating axis of the machine, which often has a shaft at its heart. The shaft itself is called a spindle, but also, in shop-floor practice, the word often is used metonymically to refer to the entire rotary unit, including not only the shaft itself, but its bearings and anything attached to it (chuck, etc.).
A machine tool may have several spindles, such as the headstock and tailstock spindles on a bench lathe. The main spindle is usually the biggest one. References to "the spindle" without further qualification imply the main spindle. Some machine tools that specialize in high-volume mass production have a group of 4, 6, or even more main spindles. These are called multispindle machines. For example, gang drills and many screw machines are multispindle machines. Although a bench lathe has more than one spindle (counting the tailstock), it is not called a multispindle machine; it has one main spindle.
Examples of spindles include:

</doc>
<doc id="19883510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883510" title="Spindle (automobile)">
Spindle (automobile)

In an automobile, the spindle is a part of the suspension system that carries the hub for the wheel and attaches to the upper and lower control arms. The spindle is referred to as an Upright in UK-built vehicles and in areas dominated by these cars like Australia, New Zealand etc.
Design.
There are several considerations when designing an upright. Loads and forces need to be considered. Vertical and horizontal forces greater than those due to 5 times the acceleration of gravity, that is, about 50 meters per second per second, are sometimes considered desirable.
Non-driven wheel.
The main forces on a non-driven wheel are braking and turning forces.
Driven wheel.
The forces on a driven wheel include forward and reverse propulsion as well as the braking and turning forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19883514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883514" title="Wheelie">
Wheelie

In vehicle acrobatics, a wheelie, or wheelstand, is a vehicle maneuver in which the front wheel or wheels come off the ground due to sufficient torque being applied to the rear wheel or wheels, or rider motion relative to the vehicle. Wheelies are usually associated with bicycles and motorcycles, but can be done with other vehicles such as cars, especially in drag racing and tractor pulling.
History.
Wheelies appear in popular culture as early as 1943, as U.S Army motorized cavalry are pictured in Life magazine performing high speed wheelies. Daredevil Evel Knievel performed motorcycle acrobatics including wheelies in his shows. Doug "The Wheelie King" Domokos has accomplished such feats as a wheelie.
Types of wheelie.
Types of wheelies can be divided into two broad categories:
Bicycles.
Wheelies are a common stunt in artistic cycling and freestyle BMX. The bike is balanced by the rider's weight and sometimes use of the rear brake. A style of bicycle, the wheelie bike, has a seating position, and thus center of mass, nearly over the rear wheel that facilitates performing wheelies.
Motorcycles.
A wheelie is also a common motorcycle stunt. The principle is the same as the bicycle wheelie, but the throttle and rear-brakes are used to control the wheelie while a rider uses body weight and the steering to control the direction the inertia of the spinning front wheel acting as a balance.
The world's fastest motorcycle wheelie record is by Patrick Furstenhoff. April 18, 1999.
The world record for the fast wheelie over is , set in September 2006 by Terry Calcott at Elvington airfield in Yorkshire, England.
In some countries, such as the United Kingdom and USA, motorcyclists performing a wheelie on a public road may be prosecuted for dangerous driving, an offense which can carry a large fine and a ban of a year or more.
In Pakistan, India, and some other countries its illegal to perform these kinds of stunts. If someone is caught performing these acts, they can have their motorcycle impounded and potentially face jail time.
Automobiles.
Wheelies are common in auto- or motorcycle drag racing, where they represent torque wasted lifting the front end, rather than moving the vehicle forward.
Wheelie bars.
Wheelie bars help prevent a vehicle's front end from raising too high or flipping over. Wheelie bars are required for some tractor and truck pull events. Wham-O developed and sold an add-on wheelie bar for wheelie bikes.
Physics.
A wheelie is imminent, when the acceleration is sufficient to reduce the load borne by the front axle to zero. The conditions for this can be calculated with the so-called "weight transfer equation":
where formula_2 is the change in load borne by the front wheels, formula_3 is the longitudinal acceleration, formula_4 is the center of mass height, formula_5 is the wheelbase, and formula_6 is the total vehicle mass.
An equivalent expression, which does not require knowing the load borne by the front wheels nor the total vehicle mass, is for the minimum longitudinal acceleration required for a wheelie:
where formula_8 is the acceleration due to gravity, formula_9 is the horizontal distance from the rear axle to the center of mass, and formula_4 is the vertical distance from the ground to the center of mass. Thus the minimum acceleration required is directly proportional to how far forward the center of mass is located and inversely proportional to how high it is located.
Since mechanical power can be defined as force times velocity, in one dimension, and force is equivalent to mass times acceleration, then the minimum power required for a wheelie can be expressed as the product of mass, velocity, and the minimum acceleration required for a wheelie:
Thus the minimum power required is directly proportional to the mass of the vehicle and to its velocity. The slower a vehicle is moving, the less power is required to perform a wheelie, and that is without even considering the power required to overcome air drag, which increases with the cube of velocity. Therefore, the least amount of power required is when the vehicle begins accelerating from rest.
In the case of tractor and truck pulling, the force to the pull the load is applied above the ground, and so it also acts to lift the front wheels and thus reduces the forward acceleration necessary to lift the front wheels.

</doc>
<doc id="19883521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883521" title="Bill Halloway">
Bill Halloway

Bill Halloway (born: NSW, Australia), was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition. Halloway played for the Eastern Suburbs in 1935, the season that the club won their fifth premiership. Halloway played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="19883522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883522" title="Etrek District">
Etrek District

Etrek District is a district ("estrap") in Balkan Province, Turkmenistan. It has an area of 13,850 km² and an estimated population of 54,000 (2000). Its capital is Gyzyletrek. The former name of the district was Gyzyletrek District.

</doc>
<doc id="19883525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883525" title="Jacqueline Brumaire">
Jacqueline Brumaire

Jacqueline Brumaire (born Herblay, 5 November 1921, died Nancy 29 October 2000) was a French operatic soprano and later teacher.
Life and career.
After training at the Conservatoire National de Paris under Madeleine Mathieu, she debuted on 13 October 1946 at the Opéra-Comique as the Countess in "Le nozze di Figaro". Since then she had a long lasting successful career at that opera house, being admired particularly in roles for lyric soprano from French and Italian operas: Mimi in "La bohème", Micaëla in "Carmen", the title heroine in Massenet's "Manon", Antonia in "Les contes d'Hoffmann", Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte", and Mireille in Gounod's opera under the same title. 
She sang Emma Bovary in the 1951 Opéra-Comique premiere of the opera "Madame Bovary" by Emmanuel Bondeville (in 1962 she sang in that opera at the Paris Opéra). At Paris Opéra she had a very successful career her singing roles including Juliette in "Roméo et Juliette" by Gounod, Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", Pamina in "Die Zauberflöte", and Violetta in "La Traviata". She also performed in the other main opera houses in France: Marseille, Nice, Bordeaux, Strasbourg, Lyon and Toulouse. In 1956 she debuted at La Scala, Milan as Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte", in 1957 as Louise in the opera of the same name by Charpentier, in the season of 1956-57 as Concepción in "L'heure espagnole" by Maurice Ravel.
She appeared as a guest in Johannesburg (1957) and in Prague (1967), in the Opéra Royal de Wallonie (1964 in title role in "Thaïs" by Massenet) and in Oran (1961). In 1962 she took part in Toulouse at the premiere of the opera "Hop! Signor" by Manuel Rosenthal.
She sang the title role in "Esclarmonde" by Massenet on 19 November 1963 during the concert performance of that opera for RTF (Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française). In 1969 she sang the role of Hélen (Elena) during the concert performance of "Les vêpres siciliennes" which was made available as a commercial recording.
From her other versatile stage repertoire, she sang Konstanze in "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", the Marschallin in the "Der Rosenkavalier", Renata in "The Fiery Angel" by Prokofiev (Opéra-Comique, 1967), and Béatrice in "Un sguardo sul ponte" by Renzo Rossellini (Bordeaux 1965, possibly the first French performance of that opera).
In 1981 she started to teach at the Conservatoire in Nancy, preparing among others Chinese singers for their first performances of "Carmen" in the People's Republic of China. From 1992 up to her death she was a member of the Académie de Stanislas in Nancy. She published an autobiography "La Baraka ou si Jacqueline Brumaire m'était contée".
Discography.
Her recordings include albums collections of various arias for Philips and also some for Decca, two operas by Darius Milhaud for Bourg records, and others. Pribaoutki and "Les noces" under Boulez (Concert Hall). "Les vêpres siciliennes" (BBC/Opera Rara) and Rosalinde (Carolina) in "Chauve Souris" for EMI France. For EMI she also recorded a much heralded disk of highlights from Massenet's Thaïs.

</doc>
<doc id="19883541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883541" title="Judith Green (historian)">
Judith Green (historian)

Judith Green is an English medieval historian, who is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at the University of Edinburgh. A graduate of King's College, London and Somerville College, Oxford, she held a research fellowship and then a lectureship at the University of St Andrews before transferring to a lectureship at Queen's University, Belfast. There she became a Reader and, eventually, Professor. In 2005, she took the professorship at Edinburgh, retiring in 2011. 
Specialising in Anglo-Norman England, her notable works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19883546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883546" title="Wow">
Wow

Wow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883547" title="Magic Boy (video game)">
Magic Boy (video game)

Magic Boy is a platform video game developed by Blue Turtle and published for the Amiga, Atari ST and DOS by Empire Interactive and the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in North America and Europe by JVC.
Background.
The game stars Hewlett, a boy wizard who accidentally released monsters and turned his master into an elephant. Hewlett has to correct his mistakes and imprison the monsters. In order to do that, he must visit places like the beach, under the ocean, in a dump full of plastic things and into the future.
Gameplay.
Hewlett has to defeat his enemies by forcing them into his magical bag and dumping them at key positions. If the monster is left in the bag for an extended period of time, Hewlett will lose a life. Losing too many lives with result in game over.
Reception.
GamePro gave the Super NES version of "Magic Boy" an overall rating of 4 out of 5. Nintendo Entertainment System UK gave the Super NES version of the game a rating of 73%.

</doc>
<doc id="19883559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883559" title="Broadrick v. Oklahoma">
Broadrick v. Oklahoma

Broadrick v. Oklahoma, 413 U.S. 601 (1973) is a United States Supreme Court decision upholding an Oklahoma statute which prohibited state employees from engaging in partisan political activities. "Broadrick" is often cited to enunciate the test for a facial overbreadth challenge, that "the overbreadth of a statute must not only be real, but substantial as well, judged in relation to the statute's plainly legitimate sweep."

</doc>
<doc id="19883562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883562" title="Soy Diferente">
Soy Diferente

Soy Diferente is India's eighth studio album released in February 2006, under record label SGZ Entertainment/Univision Music Group. Under the production of Sergio George and Isidro Infante, India sets herself as composer of all of the songs. On the album, she collaborates with Ivy Queen, Tito Nieves and her mother, in the song "Madre e Hija" ("Mother and Daughter").

</doc>
<doc id="19883568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883568" title="Ganglion cell">
Ganglion cell

A ganglion cell is a cell found in a ganglion. The term is also sometimes used to refer specifically to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883582" title="MSR Houston">
MSR Houston

MSR Houston is a 17-turn 2.38 mile (3.38 km) road course race track located in Angleton, Texas. The track uses a membership system similar to that of country clubs where members may use the course for a nominal fee per use. The track has recently begun hosting its own racing series for club members.
The course is also often used for track rentals that may involve professional race teams, particularly those in various sports car series as well as the IndyCar Series and Atlantic Championship.
The facility has a separate banked-turn karting course (also 17 turns).

</doc>
<doc id="19883597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883597" title="John S. Brown">
John S. Brown

John S. Brown is a retired Brigadier General in the United States Army who was the Chief of Military History of the United States Army Center of Military History (CMH) from December 1998 to October 2005.
Brown graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1971. He commanded the 2nd Battalion, 66th Armor, in Iraq and Kuwait during the Gulf War and returned to Kuwait as commander of the 2nd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, in 1995. He served as Chief Historian and Commander of the United States Army Center of Military History from 1998 to 2005; however, he retired from active duty on 1 August 2004.
Brown has a doctorate in history from Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="19883616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883616" title="Neapolitan Mastiff">
Neapolitan Mastiff

The Neapolitan Mastiff or Italian Mastiff, () is a large, ancient dog breed. This massive breed is often used as a guard and defender of family and property due to their protective instincts and their fearsome appearance.
Size and proportion.
According to American Kennel Club (AKC) standards, male Neapolitan Mastiffs should measure 26–31 inches (66–79 cm) at the withers, weigh 130–155 pounds (60-70 kg), while females should measure 24–29 inches (61–74 cm) and weigh 110–130pounds (50–60 kg). Body length should be 10–15% greater than height.
Temperament.
The Neapolitan Mastiff is a loyal companion to its home and family. They prefer to be with their family by staying around the home outside at all times sleeping, which is their natural instinct. The Neapolitan Mastiff rarely barks unless under provocation.
Neapolitan Mastiffs, as a breed, are extremely intelligent dogs with a tendency to be independent thinkers. They learn quickly, which is both good and bad, since this breed needs extensive proper socialization to learn to accept strangers, especially within the home; with proper early socialization and training, these dogs rarely become aggressive towards strangers or unfamiliar dogs. 
As with every breed, obedience training is very important. The Neo is very tolerant of pain due to the fact the skin is loose on the body, so it is important to routinely check for health problems, as a Neo may not behave differently when injured or ill. They also are renowned for drooling especially after drinking or if they get excited.
Health.
The Neo has some specific health concerns. The most common is Cherry eye.
Others include:
Additionally, Neos do not do well in hot weather, and are prone to heatstroke. Like most giant breeds, the Neapolitan Mastiff is not particularly long-lived, averaging 7 to 9 years, however, with a proper biologically appropriate diet, safe exercise, and proper weight maintenance, there is no reason that the average Neo cannot live beyond that.
Care and maintenance.
When it comes to exercise, Neapolitans are not a very active breed as their energy tends to be short lived and their weight causes stress to their joints when excessive. However, they can and will have short, extremely powerful bursts of energy.
History.
The Neapolitan Mastiff is one of the Molosser type of dogs, which probably descend from a common stock; whether this was the Molossus attested in antiquity is controversial.
Despite centuries of popularity throughout Europe, this type of dog was almost lost after World War II. Soon after the war, Italian painter Piero Scanziani established a breeding kennel to turn the mastiff-type dogs of Italy into a formal breed which was then named the Neapolitan Mastiff and English Mastiff was used to help in this process.
A Neapolitan Mastiff has set the record for giving birth to 24 puppies, although 4 of them didn't survive.
Neapolitan Mastiffs were also trained to bait bulls, bears and jaguars.

</doc>
<doc id="19883623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883623" title="Isias">
Isias

Isias, surnamed Philostorgos or Philostorgus (Greek: η Ισίας Φιλόστοργος, meaning "Isias the loving one") was a Princess of Cappadocia who lived in the 1st century BC. Through her marriage to King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene, she became the Queen of Commagene. Very little is known on her. She was half Persian and half Greek. Isias was the daughter of King Ariobarzanes I of Cappadocia and his wife Queen Athenais Philostorgos I, while her brother was King Ariobarzanes II of Cappadocia. 
Isias and Antiochus I had five children who were:
She appeared to have died of unknown causes sometime between the late 30s or early 20s BC. Isias was buried along with her daughter and her granddaughter on a burial site. This burial site was a monument known as the "Karakush" or "Karakus Tumulus", also known as "The Black Bird". The monument received its name because there is a column topped by an eagle, which has earned the mound name. 
This burial sanctuary was constructed and built by her son King Mithridates II of Commagene. Mithridates II built this sanctuary to bury and honour the lives and the memories of Isias, her daughter Antiochis and her granddaughter Aka I of Commagene. It is located 12 km or 7.5 miles from Kahta, Turkey. Each tumulus is surrounded by groups of three Doric Columns. Each column was about 9 metres or 29.5 feet high. It is topped with steles, reliefs and statues of a bull, lion and eagle. 
This monument has Greek honorific inscriptions, which provides information about this site. It is inscribed on the external face of the two drums of the central column of the Northeast. Skipping a couple of phrases where restoration has been doubtful, the inscription reads: 
Isias’ name also appears in another honorific inscription dedicated by Mithridates II at the tomb of her other daughter Laodice:
After the Kingdom of Commagene was annexed in 72 by the Roman Emperor Vespasian, the vault of the tomb has been looted.

</doc>
<doc id="19883629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883629" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Butte County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butte County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Butte County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19883633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883633" title="Finan (surname)">
Finan (surname)

Finan is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19883637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883637" title="Swoopo">
Swoopo

Swoopo was a bidding fee auction site where purchased credits were used to make bids. Prior to changing its name to Swoopo in 2008, the website was called Telebid. The Telebid Penny Auction model was originally invented and coded by Albert Liske which was later sold to and operated by Entertainment Shopping AG and based in Munich, Germany. In March 2011, Swoopo's website became inaccessible, and a notice page claimed that Swoopo was experiencing "technical issues." On 26 March 2011, Swoopo's parent company filed for bankruptcy. On 8 February 2012, DealDash, the longest running penny auction website in the United States acquired the domain Swoopo.com, and the URL currently redirects to DealDash's own website. 
Mechanics.
In order to participate in an auction, registered users had to first buy bids (called credits, and henceforth referred to as "Bid-credits") before entering into an auction. For the US version of the site, Bid-credits cost $0.60 apiece and were sold in lots (called BidPacks) of 40, 75, 150, 400, and 1,000. Each credit is good for one bid. Standard auctions begin with an opening price of $0.12 and every time someone bids the price increases by $0.12. Other auction types use different values, penny auctions use $0.01, 6¢ auctions $0.06, etc. The price of bids and the incremental values vary depending on the regional version of the site used.
The auction ends when time runs out. However, because each bid extends the length of the auction by 10–20 seconds, the auction could theoretically continue on indefinitely.
Besides making single bids anytime, users can place a so-called "Bidbutler", which is an automatic bidding tool. Users can employ a maximum of 50 Bidbutler bids each time. Once a Bidbutler is active, it will automatically bid in the final 10 seconds of the auction in an attempt to keep the user as the highest bidder. This means if two or more Bidbutlers are active they will repeatedly bid against each other (before the auction time increment is applied) until the one with the most bids left is the "winner". Bidbutler bids hold no more value than single manually placed bids, so once the bids booked for a Bidbutler are exhausted a single manually placed bid can become the winning bid.
The money collected by Swoopo consists of the cost of bids placed and the final auction amount. As an example, a MacBook Pro with a suggested retail price of $1,799 was sold on Swoopo for $35.86. However, a total of 3,585 bids were placed, so the total amount paid by Swoopo customers was $2,151.
Swoopo has claimed to make money on roughly half the items sold.
In August 2009, Swoopo modified its business model to include a "Swoop-it-now" function which allows bidders who lose an auction to apply all of their lost bids towards the purchase of the item they were bidding on. If a bidder does not win, he/she can get back all their bids by buying the item directly from Swoopo.
Users from Swoopo must bid against users in all countries where Swoopo operates. , Swoopo operates in Germany, the United Kingdom, Austria, Canada, Spain, and the US. The same auction can be active on multiple regions, with the current price based on the opening price plus the number of bids times the bid increment price. So an item on the US site currently listed at $12 (Opening $0.12 and 99 bids incrementing the price by $0.12 per time) will be listed on the UK site with a current bid of £10 (Opening £0.10 and 99 bids incrementing the price by £0.10 per time). As it is not possible to determine the source of the bids, the amount collected by Swoopo cannot accurately determined. In the preceding example, it could be $59.40 if all bids were US based, or £49.50 if all bids were UK based. The closing prices will not necessarily represent a market based foreign exchange rate. 
The item under auction may not be identical between regions, though it will be similar. For example, a different brand of USB memory stick may be offered in different regions, though the capacity is the same. USUK
Controversy.
The method of selling employed by Swoopo is controversial and has been criticized. The company, responding to claims that Swoopo is a type of gambling, stated that winning auctions involves skill and is not reliant upon chance. Ted Dziuba writing for The Register stated that Swoopo "does not amount to a hustle, it's simply a slick business plan," and that while it might be close to gambling, "the non-determinism comes directly from the actions of other users, not the randomness of a dice roll or a deck of cards." Nevertheless, the argument about "skill game" is put down by MSN Money: "Chris Bauman director of Swoopo in the US told one blogger: 'Winning takes two things: money and patience. Every person has a strategy.' Indeed, he undoubtedly does. The problem is that, as with the gambling systems peddled by countless books, none of those strategies will actually work. Just remember that no matter how many times you bid, your chance of winning does not increase". Ian Ayres writing for New York Times blog called Swoopo a "scary website that seems to be exploiting the low-price allure of all-pay auctions". MSN Money has called Swoopo "The crack cocaine of online auction websites", and stated that "in essence, what your 60¢ bidding fee gets you at Swoopo is a ticket to a lottery". The New York Times has called the process "devilish."
Speaking to the BBC, Professor Mark Griffiths of Nottingham Trent University, stated that "penny auction" sites in the UK should be regulated by the Gambling Commission. However the Gambling Commission said that it "was not convinced that penny auctions amounted to gambling".
Speaking to the New York Times, Glen Whitney, a mathematician and a former quantitative analyst at the hedge fund Renaissance Technologies, stated. "In aggregate, consumers trying to obtain these products are overpaying. Unless you have an edge over other people who are bidding, and you can get them to subsidize your purchase, you shouldn’t do it. It’s a chump’s game."
Swoopo has hired the star gambling lawyer Anthony Cabot of the Las Vegas law firm of Lewis and Roca.
German consumer protection bodies also warn about the auction type offered by Swoopo and other similar auction platforms, likening them to gambling.
Techcrunch states that Swoopo is an "'entertainment shopping' site that’s one part auction-house, one part virtual casino"; whereas the alarm:clock calls it a "gambling auction biz". Toptenreviews states: "it warrants considering Swoopo with some different terminology. Rather than "auction" site, maybe we should designate Swoopo as a gambling site—a type of QVC-meets-the-internet-age ponzi scheme".
Finances.
Swoopo has received financing from two venture capital firms: an undisclosed amount in December 2006 by Wellington Partners in Munich and $10 million in April 2009 by August Capital in Silicon Valley.
Closure.
As of December 2011, the Swoopo website is completely inaccessible.
Swoopo went offline on 17 March 2011, with a message that read 
On 23 March 2011, Swoopo filed for bankruptcy in Munich Germany.
On 8 February 2012, DealDash the longest running penny auction website in the United States acquired the domain Swoopo.com and the URL currently redirects to DealDash's own website. 

</doc>
<doc id="19883649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883649" title="Gail Robinson (soprano)">
Gail Robinson (soprano)

Gail Robinson (7 August 1946 – 19 October 2008) was an American operatic soprano who sang with many of the world's leading opera companies during the 1970s and 1980s. She spent most of her career singing lyric coloratura roles at the Metropolitan Opera. After her performance career ended she taught singing to young artists and also directed the Metropolitan Opera's Young Artist Program for over ten years. Upon leaving the Met, she joined the voice faculty at the University of Kentucky.
Biography.
Robinson was born in Meridian, Mississippi but moved to Jackson, Tennessee shortly thereafter. She showed musical talent early, performing locally on radio and television. She graduated from Jackson High School in 1964 and went on to study voice under Norvell Taylor at Memphis State University. While at MSU, she won the Metropolitan Opera's "Audition of the Air" (the precursor to the National Council Auditions) at the young age of 19. Following this important win, Robinson left MSU to the Met's development program for young artists, with which Robinson sang leading roles in school performances throughout New York, beginning in 1966. 
Robinson made her professional opera debut in 1966 with Memphis Opera as the title heroine in Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor" conducted by Fiora Contino. That same year she toured to Rhode Island with the Met to perform the role of the Swallow in the American premiere of Malcolm Williamson's "The Happy Prince". She made her debut at the company's opera house three years later as the First Genii in Mozart’s "The Magic Flute". She became a regular performer at the Met during the next two decades singing in more than 200 performances with the company. Her roles with the Metropolitan Opera included Adina in "L'Elisir d'Amore", Almirena in "Rinaldo", Amore in "Orfeo ed Euridice", Annina in "La Traviata", Barbarina in "Le nozze di Figaro", Flower Maiden in "Parsifal", Garsenda in "Francesca da Rimini", Gilda in "Rigoletto", Gretel in "Hänsel und Gretel", Guadalena in "La Périchole", Juliette in "Roméo et Juliette", Konstanze in "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", Lucia in "Lucia di Lammermoor", Norina in "Don Pasquale", Oscar in "Un Ballo in Maschera", Pamina in "The Magic Flute", Princess in "L'Enfant et les Sortilèges", Rosina in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia", Servilia in "La Clemenza di Tito", Sophie in "Der Rosenkavalier", and Sophie in "Werther" among others. Her last performance both with the Met and on the operatic stage was as Echo in "Ariadne auf Naxos" on October 10, 1987. Robinson decided to retire at the time due to health reasons.
Robinson's career also took her to other leading opera houses around the world including the Hamburg State Opera, Berlin State Opera, the Munich State Opera, and Grand Théâtre de Genève among others. She also sang at numerous companies in the United States including the Lyric Opera of Chicago, San Antonio Grand Opera Festival, Opera Company of Philadelphia, New Orleans Opera, Opera Omaha and the Kentucky Opera among others.
Robinson also had a fruitful career as a concert artist and recitalist, giving performances in more than 80 cities in the United States alone and singing at such distinguished places as the White House and Carnegie Hall. She performed with several prestigious orchestras including the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra among others.
After her career on stage she began mentoring young singers in the Metropolitan Opera's Young Artist Program, becoming director of both that program and the Met's National Council Auditions for almost fifteen years. In 1999 she became a professor of voice at the University of Kentucky and held the position until she died. Several of her students have gone on to have successful opera careers including Stephanie Blythe, Dwayne Croft, Christine Goerke, Paul Groves and Heidi Grant Murphy.
Robinson was the recipient of numerous honours including an honorary PhD in fine arts from Rhodes College, Memphis, and the inaugural Obelisk Award of the Center for Contemporary Opera.
Robinson died of complications from rheumatoid arthritis on October 19, 2008, aged 62. She was the wife of Henno Lohmeyer, a journalist and writer. They had two children together, Patrick Lohmeyer and Jennifer Toney, and four grandchildren.
Recordings.
Unfortunately very little of Robinson's work has been recorded. She was never offered a recording contract with a record label and the only surviving records of her work are a video taped performance of the Met’s production of "Francesca da Rimini", several operetta films, such as Millöcker’s "Die Dubarry", that she made in Germany during the 1970s, and several television appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19883660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883660" title="Gendarmery (Serbia)">
Gendarmery (Serbia)

The Žandarmerija (Serbian Cyrillic: Жандармерија) (Pronounced: Zhandarmeriya) is the gendarmerie of Serbia. The Serbian gendarmerie was originally established in 1860 and disbanded 1941. It was reestablished in 2001 by the Interior Minister Dušan Mihailović. The Special Operations Unit (JSO) and Special Police Unit (PJP) were later attached to the gendarmerie. The gendarmeries duties are both civilian and military.
History.
The name "žandarmerija" comes from French word "gendarmerie". The Žandarmerija corps dates back to 1860 and originally comprised 120 officers. It was disbanded after World War II and was restored in 2001 by the renaming of the Special Police Unit. This was accomplished by an act issued by the Minister of Interior Dušan Mihajlović. One of its major assignments was capturing the suspects in the assassination of prime minister Zoran Đinđić.
Duties.
The Serbian Gendarmery consists of about 3,734 members. The principal bases are located in Belgrade, Niš, Novi Sad and Kraljevo.
Its main duties are:
Its civil duties include: to provide security and public peace, to investigate and prevent organized crime, terrorism and other violent groups; to protect state and private property; to help and assist civilians and other emergency forces in a case of emergency, natural disaster, civil unrest and armed conflicts.
Its military duties include to provide, preserve and protect security and public peace, public order, to protect state and private property, to assist other security forces in case of emergency, civil unrest, war; to repress riots; to reinforce martial law and mobilization; to fight and apprehend suspected criminals, terrorists and other violent groups ;
Its additional duties are to perform any duties decreed in the decrees of law and regulations other than civil, military and other duties and the duties given by the governmental decrees based on them.

</doc>
<doc id="19883742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883742" title="Kenville, Manitoba">
Kenville, Manitoba

Kenville is a community in Manitoba. It is located in the Rural Municipality of Swan River.

</doc>
<doc id="19883767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883767" title="Hell or High Water">
Hell or High Water

Hell or High Water may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883781" title="Cell test">
Cell test

Cell test/s/ing may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19883830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883830" title="Spindle (disc packaging)">
Spindle (disc packaging)

In the context of computer supplies, the word spindle or cakebox may refer to a plastic container for packaging optical discs. It typically consists of a round base with a vertical rod (on which the disks are threaded) and a cylindrical cover. Bulk blank CDs, DVDs, and BDs are often sold in such a package.

</doc>
<doc id="19883852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883852" title="Etrek">
Etrek

Etrek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883857" title="Behind the Walls">
Behind the Walls

Behind the Walls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19883886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883886" title="Maharana Pratap Engineering College">
Maharana Pratap Engineering College

Maharana Pratap Engineering College is an Indian private engineering college in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. It was established in the year 1999 by the Maharana Pratap Education Centre, an educational Trust operating in UP. The College operates from big acres campus in Kothi, Mandhana. The College is affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University; it was earlier affiliated to the Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University, Kanpur. It is recognised by the All India Council for Technical Education (A.I.C.T.E.). 
The director is Prof. Keshav Kant. The Maharana Pratap group of institutions has many additional colleges in Kanpur for mass communication, engineering, pharmacy and dental. Maharana Pratap Group of Institutions is also opening their university "Maharana Pratap University" in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Courses offered are : 

</doc>
<doc id="19883897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883897" title="Guam Premier Outlets">
Guam Premier Outlets

Guam Premier Outlets or GPO (formerly known as Guam Shopping Center and Guam Premium Outlets) is a shopping mall located in Tamuning, Guam. GPO is the only outlet mall in the United States territory of Guam. 
Located just north of the island's busiest intersection of Marine Corps Drive (Route 1) and Chalan San Antonio (Route 14), stores at GPO include Nine West, Anne Klein, BCBG, GUESS, Levi's, Nike Team Sports, Payless ShoeSource, Famous Footwear and ABC Store. Notable fast-food chains include KFC, Burger King, Subway, Charley's and Taco Bell in the food court, and stand-alones include Ruby Tuesday, Wendy's and Chili's.
GPO is served by Guam's private tourist bus systems and public transit buses.

</doc>
<doc id="19883905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883905" title="Rie Takaki">
Rie Takaki

Rie Takaki (高木 理江 "Takaki Rie", born 9 August 1983) is a former Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="19883938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883938" title="Seth Green (disambiguation)">
Seth Green (disambiguation)

Seth Green may refer to:
Also:

</doc>
<doc id="19883954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883954" title="The Great Olivia Newton-John">
The Great Olivia Newton-John

The Great Olivia Newton-John is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1999, the album consists of three discs.

</doc>
<doc id="19883982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883982" title="Total return index">
Total return index

A total return index is an index that measures the performance of a group of components by assuming that all cash distributions are reinvested, in addition to tracking the components' price movements. While it is common to refer to equity based indices, there are also total return indices for bonds and commodities.
A total return index (TRI) is different from a price index. A price index only considers price movements (capital gains or losses) of the securities that make up the index, while a total return index includes dividends, interest, rights offerings and other distributions realized over a given period of time. Looking at an index's total return is usually considered a more accurate measure of performance.
Many stock indexes are calculated as a price index and a performance index as well: Examples are the German stock market index DAX and the S&P 500
The TRI is also used to develop a portfolio as a weighted combination of assets, as it is described in modern portfolio theory. Though this theory is working with historical data, the models following this theory are trying to calculate the expected return based on a selected combination of assets. For example, in this way a stock portfolio representing a part of a stock index can be compared with the performance version of the stock index.
In 1992 Tweedy, Browne Co. computed the investment return in excess of or (less than) the equal weighted NYSE Index over the subsequent four years for all of the stocks in each selection period. The four-year returns in excess of or (less than) the market index were averaged. The "compound annual return" (investment return, discounted retroactively from a cumulative figure, at which money, compounded annually, would reach the cumulative total) in excess of the market index from the lowest 20% of the stocks, in terms of price/book value, was 8.91%. For each $1,000,000 invested, the low price/book value stocks returned $407,000 more on average than the market index in each four-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="19883985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883985" title="USS West Lianga (ID-2758)">
USS West Lianga (ID-2758)

USS "West Lianga" (ID-2758) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy during World War I. She was later known as SS "Helen Whittier" and SS "Kalani" in civilian service under American registry, as SS "Empire Cheetah" under British registry, and as SS "Hobbema" under Dutch registry.
"West Lianga" was launched for the in May 1918 as a part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. "West Lianga" briefly had the distinction of being the fastest-launched and fastest-completed ocean-going ship in the world. Pressed into cargo service for the US Navy, USS "West Lianga" was commissioned into the and completed four round-trip voyages to France for the Navy. After decommissioning in mid 1919, she was briefly in cargo service out of Seattle before being laid up in late 1921.
"West Lianga" was sold to the in early 1929, refurbished, and renamed "Helen Whittier" for intercoastal cargo service. When Matson Navigation Company purchased in 1931, "Helen Whittier" frequently sailed on Matson's Hawaiian sugar routes. She was renamed "Kalani" in 1938 and continued in Hawaiian service until 1940 when she was sold to British interests to help fill the United Kingdom's urgent need for merchant ships.
After sailing to the UK as "Kalani", the ship was renamed "Empire Cheetah" and sailed in transatlantic convoys, making three round trips between February 1941 and May 1942. At that time, "Empire Cheetah" was transferred to Dutch interests and renamed "Hobbema". She successfully completed one transatlantic roundtrip under Dutch registry and was on the homeward leg of her second in Convoy SC 107, when that convoy was attacked by a wolf pack of German submarines. Shortly after midnight on 4 November 1942, "Hobbema" was struck in the engine room by a single torpedo fired by . Of "Hobbema"s complement of 44 men and British gunners aboard, only 16 survived the attack. "Hobbema" was one of 19 Allied ships in the convoy sunk by German submarines.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Lianga", one of some 24 "West" ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington. "West Lianga" (Skinner & Eddy No. 21; No. 1176) was laid down on 14 February 1918. When she was launched on 20 April with an elapsed time of 55 working days—65 calendar days—from keel laying to launch, it was in world-record time, beating the launch of Columbia River Shipbuilding's , launched after 61 working days in March.
When "West Lianga" was completed on 4 May, 67 working days after her keel laying, it was another world record, shaving 18 days off of Columbia River Shipbuilding's previous record. By 1920, "West Lianga" had fallen to third-fastest when Edward N. Hurley, the wartime chairman of the , compiled a list of the ten fastest-constructed ocean-going vessels for his 1920 book "The New Merchant Marine". Skinner & Eddy received a $71,600 bonus for completing the ship early. 
"West Lianga" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Lianga" had a steel hull and a deadweight tonnage of . The ship had a single steam turbine that drove her single screw propeller which moved the ship at an pace.
World War I.
"West Lianga"s activities after her 4 May delivery to the are not entirely clear. Many "West" ships, to avoid sailing empty to the East Coast, loaded grain products intended for the United Kingdom, France, and Italy and sailed to Europe without unloading or transferring their cargo, but it is not known whether "West Lianga" did so or not. Whatever her early activities, "West Lianga" was handed over to the United States Navy at Brooklyn in August 1918 and assigned the identification number 2758. USS "West Lianga" was commissioned into the on 19 August with Lieutenant Commander Louis Laverge, , in command.
At New York, "West Lianga" took on a load of 6,882 tons of materiel for the United States Army and a deck-load of 32 trucks and departed for France in a convoy. After unloading her cargo at Bordeaux, she returned to New York on 16 October. After voyage repairs, she loaded another 6,685 tons of cargo for the Quartermaster Corps and departed for Europe on 3 November. "West Lianga" was en route to France when the Armistice that ended fighting was signed on 11 November. "West Lianga" delivered her cargo to Saint-Nazaire and took on a load of 1,700 tons for delivery to the United States. After departing from France on 21 December, "West Lianga" arrived at New York on 4 January 1919.
After shifting to New Orleans and taking on a load of cargo there, "West Lianga" began her third voyage to France. After making her delivery at Brest, the cargo ship took on a load of steel rails and sand as ballast and sailed for Newport News, Virginia, where she arrived on 21 March. She loaded railroad supplies for the Quartermaster Corps and sailed on 4 April on what would be her final trip to France. After delivery at La Pallice, "West Lianga" returned to New York on 10 June. Two weeks later, she was decommissioned, struck from the Navy list, and returned to the .
Interwar career.
After her return to the in June 1919, "West Lianga" returned to Seattle and was based out of there for several years of operation. The United States Official Number 216274 was allocated. On 7 September 1921, the ship was laid up in the reserve fleet at Norfolk. On 19 February 1929, the sold "West Lianga" to the for $100,000 on the basis of unrestricted operation. , which announced plans for a $50,000 overhaul and reconditioning of the ship for operation on its Arrow Line intercoastal cargo service, paid ten percent in cash and signed a note for the balance to be paid over the next ten years.
On 12 March, changed "West Lianga"s port of registry from Seattle to Los Angeles, and on 26 March, announced that the ship had been renamed "Helen Whittier" after the daughter of California oil pioneer Max Whittier. The Code Letters LKQR were allocated. also announced that "Helen Whittier", to be operated by Sudden and Christenson Steamship Company for , was scheduled to sail from Baltimore on 25 April to begin her intercoastal service.
"Helen Whittier"s activities over the next two years were not recorded in contemporary newspaper accounts, but she was affected by the absorption of into its former competitor, Matson Navigation Company, on 1 January 1931. In late August 1931, "Helen Whittier" was added to Matson's Hawaiian sugar service to Gulf Coast and North Atlantic ports.
"Helen Whittier" had returned to intercoastal service by early 1934 when "The New York Times" reported that she had sailed from San Francisco on 23 March and arrived at New York on 25 April. In June that same year, "Helen Whittier" was one of the Matson ships added to carry food cargo to Hawaii. Shipments of food from the mainland—which accounted for up to 90% of Hawaii's needs—had been curtailed as a coastwise strike had affected all ports except Los Angeles. "Helen Whittier" sailed on her first food delivery on 23 June with 2,500 tons of food from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Duringh 1935, her Code Letters were change to LKAO. In February 1935, "Helen Whittier" was returned to the Hawaiian sugar service full-time. During her time on this service, "Helen Whittier" often called at New York. One typical voyage, as tracked in "The New York Times", began when she departed New York on 23 November for Honolulu, passed through the Panama Canal on 4 December, and arrived at Honolulu. "Helen Whittier" departed there on 11 January 1936 and arrived at New York again on 16 February. Occasionally, "Helen Whittier" would make side trips to Baltimore for voyage repairs between her arrival at New York and her next departure for Hawaii. The cargo ship continued her Honolulu – New York service through September 1936.
In 1938, Matson renamed the ship "Kalani", and continued using her in Hawaiian service through 1940. On 15 July 1940, Matson received the permission of the , a successor to the , to sell "Kalani" to Sir R. Ropner & Co., Ltd., of West Hartlepool. Six days after the approval, "Kalani", now under British registry, departed from Los Angeles for New York.
World War II.
"Kalani", acquired to fill the United Kingdom's urgent need for merchant vessels, was operated by Ropner under the authority of the Ministry of War Transport. After departing Panama on 4 August, "Kalani" arrived at New York on 13 August. "Kalani" shuttled between New York, Albany, and Boston, ending up at Baltimore on 25 August. Sailing from there on 15 September with a load of pig iron, she arrived at Halifax five days later. She departed from Halifax for Liverpool as a part of convoy HX 78 on 4 October but had to turn back and put in at Sydney, Nova Scotia. "Kalani" set out again on 15 October as a part of Convoy SC 8, a Sydney – Liverpool convoy. "Kalani" departed the convoy and arrived at Clyde on 31 October.
"Empire Cheetah".
"Kalani" was renamed "Empire Cheetah" on 12 November, two weeks into a three-and-a-half-month stay at Clyde. Her port of registry was London. The United Kingdom Official Number 168041 and Code Letters GMJT were allocated. "Empire Cheetah" departed on her first transatlantic voyage under her new name when she sailed with convoy OB 288 on 18 February 1941. After the convoy came under attack by German bombers and the convoy escorts departed, the convoy dispersed. Although nine convoy ships were sunk by six German and two Italian submarines on 23–24 February, "Empire Cheetah" safely reached her destination of Philadelphia on 10 March.
After taking on a load of steel, "Empire Cheetah" sailed for Halifax, and then on to Newport, Monmouthshire as a part of convoy HX 122, arriving on 9 May. She sailed for Swansea on 27 May, and on to Milford Haven on 9 June. On 26 June, she sailed as a part of convoy OB 339 but put back into Milford Haven with defects. "Empire Cheetah" tried again as a part of convoy OB 343 on 6 July but had to return once again, putting in at Clyde on 9 July.
After a month at Clyde, "Empire Cheetah" set out a third time for North America in convoy ON 7 which, although dispersed mid-ocean, lost no ships to submarines. "Empire Cheetah" successfully reached her destination of Boston on 3 September. From there she made her way to Philadelphia on 3 October, and on to Sydney on 23 October. There she joined convoy SC 51 sailing for Holyhead and Manchester the same day with a cargo of grain, steel, and cotton. She arrived at Holyhead on 8 November, but departed for Liverpool three days later. After returning to Holyhead later in the month, "Empire Cheetah" sailed in convoy BB 106 to Barry, where she arrived on 1 December.
"Empire Cheetah" spent two and a half months at Barry before sailing to Swansea on 14 February 1942. Heading to Milford Haven on 23 February, she sailed the next day as a part of convoy ON 70 headed to Portland, Maine, where she safely arrived on 20 March after an intermediate stop at Halifax from 15–18 March. Four days later, "Empire Cheetah" sailed for Boston. She departed Boston on 12 April for Halifax and departed from there in convoy SC 80 five days later for Hull with a general cargo. "Empire Cheetah" arrived at Loch Ewe on 2 May and sailed the next day for Methil. After arriving at Methil on 6 May, she headed to her destination of Hull on 7 May.
"Hobbema".
On 18 May at Hull, "Empire Cheetah" was transferred to the Dutch government and assigned to the Netherlands Shipping & Trading Committee. The ship's name was changed to "Hobbema" and the port of registry changed to Den Haag, even though the Netherlands were under German occupation. "Hobbema" was placed under the management of the British & Continental Shipping Agency Ltd.
"Hobbema" departed Hull on 23 May and called at Methil and Loch Ewe before sailing for New York as a part of convoy ON 100 on 2 June. After an intermediate stop at Halifax, "Hobbema" arrived at the Cape Cod Canal on 19 June and proceeded on to New York where she arrived the next day. After making two trips to Philadelphia and back, she departed for Cape Cod Bay to form up with convoy BX 28 for Halifax, where she arrived on 11 July. "Hobbema" sailed from Halifax to Sydney, Nova Scotia, in convoy HS 28, and from there sailed on 17 July for Liverpool with convoy SC 92. After her arrival on 31 July, she spent nearly a month at Liverpool before joining convoy ON 126 for New York, arriving at that destination on 19 September.
"Hobbema" sailed the next day for Newport News and took on of general cargo and ammunition and returned to New York on 15 October. She sailed nine days later as a part of convoy SC 107 headed for Liverpool. On 30 October, German submarine sighted the eastbound convoy and relayed the convoy's position to the Wolf pack Veilchen of thirteen U-boats and to two other U-boats— and —patrolling nearby. After getting into position and dodging convoy escorts over the next two days, the wolf pack attacked the convoy on the night of 1–2 November and sank seven ships. Another ship was sunk during the day on 2 November. On the night of 2–3 November the convoy sailed through thick fog that concealed its location and kept the U-boats at bay. At dawn the fog had lifted and another ship was sunk.
After dark, the wolf pack struck again. At 00:10 on 4 November closed in and torpedoed "Hobbema", and . At 00:15, a single torpedo from "U-132" hit "Hobbema" on the starboard side in the engine room, immediately knocking out power to the ship, and caused her to begin rapidly sinking. The lifeboats and several life rafts from the port side were launched with 16 men on board. The ship's master and 20 crewmen along with 7 British gunners died in the attack and sinking. US Navy tugs and rescued "Hobbema"s survivors.
At 00:40 the entire convoy and nearby U-boats were jolted by a very heavy explosion thought to have been one of the largest prior to atomic bomb testing. The explosion stopped the engine of the tug "Uncas" rescuing survivors six miles astern of the convoy. SS "Titus" was rescuing survivors from "Empire Lynx" when the explosion lifted her bow so violently the crew believed "Titus" had been torpedoed. The crew abandoned ship before the master realized "Titus" was undamaged and reboarded to sail to England with a skeleton crew including some "Empire Lynx" and "Hatimura" survivors. "Titus" was drydocked upon arrival in England, but the only damage found was a small dent in her port side. "U-132" is believed to have been destroyed by the explosion. The cause of of the explosion is unknown, but assumed to have resulted from detonation of the ammunition cargo aboard either "Hobbema" or "Hatimura". In all, 19 Allied ships were sunk from convoy SC 107.

</doc>
<doc id="19883996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883996" title="Dunlap Community Unit School District 323">
Dunlap Community Unit School District 323

Dunlap Community Unit School District 323 is a public school district in Peoria County, Illinois. It is based near Dunlap, Illinois and has one high school, two middle schools, and five elementary schools. Its territory consists of Radnor Township, northeastern Kickapoo Township, the western third of Medina Township, and parts of Akron, Hallock, and Richwoods Townships. , the district had 3,121 students, and a student-teacher ratio of 19:4 for elementary/middle schools and 20:3 for the high school.
Dunlap is a growing school district.
Its mascot is an eagle, typically represented as an American bald eagle.
History.
By 1945, Radnor Township had at least 9 grade school districts; most of these districts, along with a few in nearby townships, merged around 1945–1946. In 1969, District 323 was created by the consolidation of the three remaining districts: Dunlap Township High School District 158, Dunlap Consolidated Grade School District 302, and Wilder-Waite Consolidated Grade School District 303.
Dunlap Grade School District 302.
Dunlap District #302 traced is lineage back to several school districts.
Wilder-Waite District 303.
Wilder-Waite District 303 was created in 1946 by the consolidation of several school districts. The school itself opened in autumn 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19883998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883998" title="Dayamani Barla">
Dayamani Barla

Dayamani Barla is an indigenous tribal journalist and activist from the Indian state of Jharkhand. She came from very humble backgrounds and worked as a maid to pay her way through the University. She became notable for her activism in opposing Arcelor Mittal's steel plant that tribal activist say would displace forty (40) villages. She has won a number of prestigious awards for journalism.
Early life.
Dayamani was born in the indigenous tribal (also known as Adivasi in India) dominant Jharkhand state of eastern India. Her family belonged to the Munda tribe. Dayamani’s father like other tribals in the region was cheated out of his property, because he could not read and lacked paperwork to show his rights to the land. Her father became a servant in one city, and her mother a maid in another. Barla remained in school in Jharkhand but worked as a day laborer on farms from the 5th to 7th grades. To continue her education through secondary school, she moved to Ranchi and worked as maid to pay her way through University. She sometimes slept in Railway stations in order to continue her education in Journalism.
Career.
Barla works in a popular Hindi newspaper Prabhat Khabar to bring attention to myriad problems facing the Munda people and other tribal communities in the Jharkhand region. She is the National President of Indian Social Action Forum INSAF. Earlier her journalistic work was supported by a small fellowship for some years by Association for India's Development(AID). Barla owns and runs a tea shop that effectively supports her journalistic desire and career. She chose the business consciously because tea shops are gathering places where social issues are discussed.
Activism.
Jharkhand region is rich in natural resources and many government and private companies have appropriated land to build number of natural resources extracting factories. Although the tribal people are supposed to receive compensation, numbers of activists allege that they do not receive adequate compensation. 
Arcelor Mittal wants to invest US $8.79 billion to set up one of the world's biggest steel plants in the area. The Greenfield steel project requires of land and a new power plant. According to Barla, that would displace forty tribal villages. Barla and her organization "Adivaasi, Moolvaasi, Astitva Raksha Manch" (Forum for the protection of tribal and indigenous people's identity) - says apart from causing massive displacement, the project will destroy the forests in the area. It will also have an impact on the water sources and ecosystems, thereby threatening the environment and the very source of sustenance for indigenous peoples, it says. , says Ms Barla. Arcelor Mittal on its part says that it does not want to grab local peoples land as is willing to negotiate with all stake holders. But Barla counters that the subsistence trial communities will not survive the alienation from their native land and they cannot be compensated for such a loss.
Awards.
Barla won the Counter Media Award for Rural Journalism in 2000 and the National Foundation for India Fellowship in 2004. Counter Media Award is funded by royalties from journalist P. Sainath's book "Everyone Loves a Good Drought", and is meant for rural journalists whose (often outstanding) work gets ignored or even appropriated by the larger press at the State or national level in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19884000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884000" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Tuolumne County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tuolumne County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Tuolumne County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19884036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884036" title="Francis Webb Sheilds">
Francis Webb Sheilds

Francis Webb Sheilds was an early civil engineer on the Sydney Railway Company during its construction but before its opening.
In Great Britain and Ireland, Shields worked on a number of railway projects, including the then Dublin and Kingstown Railway. He considered himself to be a born railway engineer.
City Surveyor.
Sheilds was the Sydney City Surveyor in 1843 for a few years where he worked on water works. He resigned in order to take up a post with the Sydney Railway Company.
Sydney Railway Company Engineer.
Sheilds main claim to fame is that he persuaded the Company, the Government and the other two mainland colonies, Victoria and South Australia, to change the gauge of these railways from to , Sheilds being Irish and being the Irish gauge, leading via tortuous steps to the national break of gauge.
He resigned when his pay was cut due to financial difficulties of the Company.
His replacement, a Scot named James Wallace, recommended a change back to . The other two mainland colonies having ordered rolling stock refused to follow suit. 
Sheilds' recommendation, helped by the Board of Trade, is the origin of all the breaks of gauge between and in Australia. Having shown that gauge wasn't all that important, other states including parts of South Australia adopted the supposedly cheaper narrow gauge of .

</doc>
<doc id="19884049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884049" title="Institute of Management and Research">
Institute of Management and Research

Institute of Management and Research is an educational institute located in Ghaziabad, Uttar pradesh, India. The institute was founded in 1997 under the N.P. Goel Charitable Trust. It is affiliated with Mahamaya Technical University, Gautam Buddha Nagar and Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Meerut. The institute offers courses in management and information technology and has a {convert|5|acre|m2} campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19884056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884056" title="Laodice of Parthia">
Laodice of Parthia

Laodice (Greek: η Λαοδίκη) was a Princess from the Kingdom of Commagene who lived in the 1st century BC. She was of Greek and Armenian descent. 
Family.
Laodice was the first daughter born to King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Queen Isias Philostorgos.
She married King Orodes II of Parthia. Through this marriage, she became Queen of the Parthian Empire. In 38 BC Laodice and Orodes with their children, were in a parricidal and fratricidal massacre perpetrated by Phraates IV of Parthia to whom Orodes II handed over the Parthian throne after the death of Laodice and Orodes’ son Pacorus I of Parthia in battle in 38 BC. 
When Laodice died, her brother King Mithridates II of Commagene had her body returned to Commagene. She was buried near her mother Isias, her sister Antiochis of Commagene and her niece Aka I of Commagene. Mithridates in her honour built and dedicated a funeral monument. 
The tomb tumulus of Laodice measures 21 metres or 69 feet. Only one column is still standing with a stele on top of it. The stele depicts a dexiosis relief or a scene between Mithridates II and Laodice shaking hands. The inscription underneath the dexiosis relief is so weathered that the inscription wasn’t notice until 1938. It wasn’t until 1979; the inscription was finally recorded and revealed:
This inscription dedicated to Laodice suggests a cenotaph, as Mithridates II is saying farewell to his sister, Laodice. The grave chamber of Laodice was located inside the tumulus. After the Kingdom of Commagene was annexed in 72 by the Roman Emperor Vespasian, her tomb was plundered. Romans removed stone blocks from her tomb and used the stones for construction projects in Commagene.

</doc>
<doc id="19884063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884063" title="Bill Allum">
Bill Allum

William James Douglas Allum (October 9, 1916 – March 14, 1992) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played two games in the National Hockey League, one each for the New York Rangers and Chicago Black Hawks. He coached the 1959 Memorial Cup-winning Winnipeg Braves.
Playing career.
Born in Winnipeg, Allum moved through the local hockey ranks, playing for the junior-level Winnipeg Rangers, and senior-level Winnipeg Canada Packers of the OHASL, competing for the latter in the 1937 Allan Cup tournament. That October, Allum was signed by the New York Rangers, who assigned him to their local farm team, the EAHL New York Rovers. In his second season with the Rovers, Allum was named an First Team EAHL All-Star, and earned a call up to the Philadelphia Ramblers of the IAHL. In 1939-40, the Rangers, who held his rights, loaned Allum to the Black Hawks, for whom he played one game without scoring before being returned to the Ramblers. In 1940-41, Allum played in one game for the Rangers, recording an assist against the Toronto Maple Leafs, but was returned to Philadelphia afterwards. He never played in the NHL again. In September 1941, his professional rights were sold to the Buffalo Bisons of the AHL.
Allum played two seasons in Buffalo, winning the Calder Cup with the Bisons in 1942-43. From 1943 through 1945, Allum served in the Canadian Forces during World War II, and played for Royal Canadian Navy teams in Winnipeg (while serving with ) and Cornwallis, Nova Scotia; he played with the squad in the 1944 Allan Cup tournament. After the war, he returned to the Bisons, and went on to play for the St. Louis Flyers, Cleveland Barons of the AHL and the Minneapolis Millers of the USHL. After retiring from playing professional hockey in 1948, Allum returned to the senior ranks, and played a number of years for the Owen Sound Mercurys of the OHASL, winning the 1951 Allan Cup.
Lacrosse.
Bill Allum also played lacrosse for the Owen Sound Crescents and Fergus Thistles of the Ontario Lacrosse Association. Allum won the Mann Cup with Owen Sound in 1950.
Coaching.
After his playing career ended, Allum had a lengthy coaching career in the MJHL, most notably with the Winnipeg Braves, whom Allum coached to 1959 Turnbull Cup, Abbott Cup and Memorial Cup championships. The Braves team that year included future professionals Ted Green, Gary Bergman, and defeated future Hockey Hall of Fame member Scotty Bowman, who was coaching the Peterborough Petes. In the late-1960s, Allum went on to coach the Selkirk Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="19884074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884074" title="Kurt Sorensen">
Kurt Sorensen

Kurt John Sorensen is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer of the 1970s, 80s and 90s. He is the brother of fellow Kiwi international, Dane Sorensen, and the nephew of another pair of Kiwi brothers, Bill and Dave Sorensen. He is of Tongan and Danish descent.
Playing career.
While playing in the Auckland Rugby League competition, Sorensen made his debut for the New Zealand national rugby league team in the 1975 World Cup. The following year, while playing for Mt Wellington, he won the Auckland Rugby League's Rothville Trophy, which is awarded to the Premier One player of the year as chosen by the Auckland Coach. Sorensen then moved to England to play for Wigan for the 1976-77 season. He later played for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, Eastern Suburbs Roosters and Widnes. While at Widnes he played in 252 games and captained the side that won the championship, the premiership and the 1989 World Club Challenge. He also played in the Widnes side that lost to Challenge Cup. In 1986, after returning from the English season, Sorensen made some cameo appearances for the Northcote Tigers in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
During the 1989–90 Rugby Football League season, Sorensen captained defending champions Widnes at second-row forward in their 1989 World Club Challenge victory against the visiting Canberra Raiders.
After leaving Widnes, Sorensen was the player-coach at Whitehaven and then later was the coach at Chorley in England and Cudgen on the Gold Coast.
Legacy.
In 2000 Sorensen was inducted as one of the NZRL's Legends of League.

</doc>
<doc id="19884084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884084" title="Shang Ting">
Shang Ting

Shang Ting 商挺 (1209–1288), also known as Shang Mengqing 商孟卿 and in old age as “The Old Man of Zuo Mountain” 左 山老人. was a Yuan 元 period writer of Chinese Sanqu poetry. He was also a noted calligrapher and landscape artist. Unfortunately, although a prolific poet, most of his writings have been lost. The surviving "sanqu" poems of the poet are all written to the same musical mode and song title. However the content of the poems suggests they were written at different times. His son Shang Qi 商琦 was likewise an official and artist.
Biography.
Shang Ting was from Shandong 山東 Province. Shang and his entire family were on familiar terms with the poet and statesman Yuan Haowen 元好問 (1190–1257). His uncle was the "sanqu" 散曲 poet Shang Dao 商道 (1193?-1258?). Shang Ting served the Mongol monarch Kublai before he took the throne. Later there followed an array of official appointments. When the Yuan Dynasty 元 was officially founded in 1271, Shang was appointed Assistant Administrator in the Secretariat. In later life he was implicated in a wrongful death case and was imprisoned twice. He was later found innocent, but never again took an official position. He died at age eighty and many posthumous titles followed.
Translations.
Untitled
Green willows with a wide flowing wind;
Peach and plum vie to shed blossoms.
The swallows are busy,
Pair after pair with bits of nest
Sport in the painted eaves.
Yellow willow leaves
Fine enough for a room’s screen painting.
Untitled
Depressed I climb the high tower to gaze out;
Green lotus leaves and red blossoms everywhere.
Summer days long
As Xuan plants and pomegranate flowers
Vie for fragrance.
Green gauze windows,
Fine enough for a room’s screen painting.
References.
Lu Weifen and Wu Gengshun ed., "Complete Yuan Period Sanqu Lyrics", Liaoning, 2000, vol. 1, pp. 39–42.
Carpenter, Bruce E. 'Chinese San-ch’ü Poetry of the Mongol Era: I', "Tezukayama Daigaku kiyo" (Journal of Tezukayama University), Nara, Japan, no. 22, pp. 33–4.
Ma Liangchun　and Li Futian ed., "The Great Encyclopedia of Chinese Literature", Tianlu, 1991, vol. 7, p. 5443.

</doc>
<doc id="19884122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884122" title="Crystal Lady">
Crystal Lady

Crystal Lady is a second greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John (the first was "First Impressions") that was released in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19884150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884150" title="Spanish conquest of Iberian Navarre">
Spanish conquest of Iberian Navarre

Spanish conquest of the Iberian part of Navarre was commenced by Ferdinand II of Aragon and completed by Charles I of Spain in a series of military campaigns extending from 1512 to 1524, while the war lasted until 1528 in the Navarre to the north of the Pyrenees. Ferdinand the Catholic was in 1512 both king of Aragon and regent of Castile. When Pope Julius II declared a Holy League against France in late 1511, Navarre tried to remain neutral. Ferdinand used this as an excuse to attack Navarre, conquering it while its potential protector France was beset by England, Venice, and Ferdinand's Italian armies.
Several attempts were made to reconquer Iberian Navarre starting right after the Castilian invasion (1512), notably a halfhearted reconquest attempt in 1516 and a fully-fledged French-Navarrese reconquest campaign in 1521. All were defeated by the Spanish, and clashes came to halt to the north of the Pyrenees in 1528, when the Spanish troops withdrew from Lower Navarre. The Treaty of Cambrai between Spain and France in 1529 sealed the division of Navarre along the Pyrenees, while the independent Kingdom of Navarre survived in Lower Navarre ruled by the lineage of the Albrets united to their principality of Béarn, showing close links with France. The kingdom was absorbed into France in 1620 (nominally in 1790).
Background.
Navarre was mired in instability over the throne since the mid 15th century. At the same time Navarre split in two main parties and warring factions: the Beaumonts and the Agramonts, with ramifications both within and out of Navarre and subject to external meddling—see also background in previous period.
When Catherine I of Navarre married John III of Albret, many in Navarre contested this arrangement. Starting in 1474 as a consort King of Castile, Ferdinand II of Aragon instituted a devious combination of alliances and military push aimed at securing the reins of neighbouring kingdoms, "de facto" turning Navarre into a protectorate of Castile in 1476. However, the following decade, the Aragonese king and Queen Isabella I of Castile focused their military initiative on definitely subduing Granada after a 10-year war (1492), with Castile annexing the emirate and putting an end to the Reconquista. After the fall of Granada, pressure on Navarre intensified.
After Isabella I of Castile's death in 1504, Ferdinand II of Aragon unexpectedly married the French princess Germaine of Foix, daughter of claimant to the throne of Navarre John of Foix, Viscount of Narbonne, so any children from Ferdinand's marriage could entitle him to a claim over the crown of Navarre. Ferdinand also wanted to spite his son-in-law and successor Philip, new ephemeral king of Castile. As of 1507, with Ferdinand again administering the politics of Castile as a regent, the defiant count of Lerín Louis Beaumont, Ferdinand's key ally in Navarre, revolted along with other Beaumont party lords, but the royal authority—Catherine, John III—warned Ferdinand that this time no demands from the count would be accepted, no pardon would be granted to the count of Lerín. After an year long stand-off, in 1508 the crown launched an offensive to quell the count's rebellion, Lerín was occupied, and a severe defeat inflicted on Louis. 
The Navarrese authorities struggled to achieve a diplomatic balance in two fronts, but adverse new winds were blowing from France too. Ferdinand and King Louis XII were getting along after the former's marriage to Germaine of Foix, with the French king putting pressure on the Albrets to give up on their principalities outside Navarre—Béarn, Bigorre, Foix, etc.—but was met with their strong refusal. In 1507 the Parliament of Navarre appointed a diplomatic task force to France led by John of Jaso—president of the Royal Council of Navarre and father of Francis Xavier—and the bishop of Lescar, but that and other diplomatic attempts were halfhearted. Louis XII coveted the Albrets' territories and resorted to the Parliament of Toulouse, where his ambitions took the form of a confiscation decree. When the Parliament of Navarre ("The Three States") and the States-General of Béarn were confronted with the possibility of a French takeover in 1510, a military mobilization was decreed and a bill passed to create a Béarn-Navarre confederation securing a permanent joint defense provision against any external assault. Ferdinand II waited and saw, took good note of those fears, and searched again allies for his own designs in the Navarrese Beaumont party.
However, in summer 1510 the international scene took a sharp turn in the Italian Wars. Pope Julius II was one of the most ambitious Popes of the era. He had declared a Holy League against Venice in 1508, and successfully defeated it. The formerly allied Papal States and France went to war with one another, and Julius II declared a new Holy League against France on 4 August 1511 after siding with King Ferdinand in the French-Spanish struggle for power in Italy. Navarre refused to join and kept neutral in a shaky balance, but Ferdinand II declared war on France in March 1512. Just a month later, Gaston of Foix died, so the full claim over the Pyrenean territories of the Albrets would fall in the hands of Ferdinand's wife Germaine of Foix.
King Louis then started to show a conciliatory tone with Queen Catherine and King John III, conceding to back down on his territorial demands. Catherine and John III kept negotiations with Ferdinand too, who intertwined proposals, pressure and menaces with actual movement of troops right on the outer borders of Navarre. In February 1512, Ferdinand allied with England in a move leading to a prompt military intervention in the French royal territory of Guyenne, present-day region Aquitaine, but could hardly disguise his intentions to indefinitely occupy an inconvenient kingdom for the king's ambitions. The Navarrese authorities made arrangements for the defense of Navarre, while Ferdinand designed a plan to invade the kingdom, including a propaganda scheme in which the Navarrese crown would be labeled as schismatic with the back-up of Julius II's papal bulls. For the purpose, Castilian diplomats negotiated with Rome for months.
Castilian-Aragonese invasion of 1512.
Invasion of Navarre.
In June 1512, tension mounted when the Holy League made a formal petition to send English and Castilian troops through Navarre over to France. At the same time a Navarrese diplomatic panel sent to France was holding a round of talks with Louis XII that lasted for a month, while Ferdinand threatened to cross the border if an agreement was reached. The talks led to the 4th Treaty of Blois on 18 July 1512, providing for a mutual assistance to keep Navarre's neutrality, and bringing also the attention to the impending English threat on France after their disembarkation in Hondarribia, Gipuzkoa (bordering Basque territory suzerain to Castile). The next day Ferdinand sent his troops across the border from Álava into Navarre, commanded by his general Don Fadrique de Toledo, Duke of Alba, one that was involved in the conquest of Granada (1492). However, by that time a Gipuzkoan militia had broken into Navarre from the north-western border and captured Goizueta, a village and fortress bordering on Gipuzkoa (10 July 1512).
In a few days Castilian troops advanced without resistance onto the outskirts of Pamplona, where Ferdinand's ally count John of Beaumont played host to the invading troops in his fortified palace of Arazuri. The assault troops of the expedition numbered 6,000 veterans, but the whole caravan including the rearguard amounted to 15,000. The population of Pamplona did not exceed 10,000 inhabitants. Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for troops among loyal lords, but managed to get only 500. Overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre. Catherine, John III and their troops retreated to Orthez, Béarn.
Pamplona's peripheral defense walls were flimsy, and a threat of looting pronounced by the Duke of Alba loomed over the town. In view of the royal family's retreat to Lumbier, local authorities surrendered (25 July 1512). Without delay, messengers were sent out by the Castilians to the main fortresses across Navarre demanding to follow suit. Most of them submitted, except for Amaiur (Baztan), Estella-Lizarra, Tudela and St-Jean-Pied-de-Port. The authorities of Pamplona were required to vow loyalty to Ferdinand, but they alleged that they could not inasmuch as they had pledged allegiance to king John III, their natural lord, and he was alive. The Spanish king went on to claim that he was King of Navarre "de jure propio" (late August 1512).
Tudela in turn was besieged, and resisted the Aragonese push led by Alfonso of Aragon, a bastard son of Ferdinand II and archbishop of Zaragoza, who was commanding 3,000 infantry and 300 cavalry. The determined loyalty of the local authorities to the Navarrese crown could not hide their low morale on account of the Pope's bull and the hopelessness of their resistance, as set down on letters to the king by the defenders. The position surrendered by 9 September 1512 in order to avoid pillaging, further confiscations in town, and futile bloodshed. Alfonso took an oath to respect the Navarrese laws that day, following his father Ferdinand's instructions.
By late August 1512, virtually all Iberian Navarre was under Spanish sway. The Duke of Alba, commanding a force of 3,000 infantry and 300 cavalry supported by a further 400 artillery, occupied the Pyrenean valleys of Aezkoa, Salazar, and Roncal, and undertook the crossing of the Pyrenean passes northbound, taking the Chapel of Roncevaux by surprise, and setting fire to the village. The Castilian forces spearheaded by Colonel Villalba (or the Beaumont party lord Martin of Ursua, depending on sources) arrived in St-Jean-Pied-de-Port on 10 September 1512, only to find that its garrison under the lord of Miossens (an Albret) was abandoning the stronghold. Not contented with the takeover of the position and the town, the Castilian forces set about pillaging, burning and spreading out terror throughout the villages of Lower Navarre, a tactic the Castilian commander tried to justify on his letters. Roman Church appears to have approved of the enslavement of the subdued Navarrese population.
The Castilians demanded the submission of the all the lords in Lower Navarre ("Ultrapuertos, Deça-Ports"), while the Duke of Alba ordered to pull down all the tower houses in the territory. The apple and fruit orchards in the St-Jean-Pied-de-Port (Donibane Garazi in Basque) area were chopped off, leaving the local population struggling for subsistence. At this point, Ferdinand demanded a capitulation of Catherine and John III, but offered to negotiate their hold on the throne on condition that they sent their heir apparent Henry to be raised in the court of Castile. The demand was met with a frontal refusal.
Meanwhile a French army was stationed in Bayonne (Labourd, in Guyenne) watching out for possible English or Castilian moves on the ground. Ferdinand still stack to his plan to invade Guyenne, home to both Albrets' possessions and French royal lands, or at least Bayonne, a strategic port for Navarre. However, time was running out for the Castilians in Lower Navarre, short of food, supplies and under adverse weather conditions. Discontented veteran troops in St-Jean-Pied-de-Port numbering 1,000 mutinied, but managed to negotiate with the Duke of Alba their removal to the less hostile rearguard of Burgui and Salazar, so breaking up the uprising.
Navarrese counterattack.
By mid-October, John III had raised an army of 15,000 Navarrese, Gascons and landsknechts ready to counterattack. Three columns advanced into Gipuzkoa and the heartland of Navarre. The first laid siege to Hondarribia and Donostia, and occupied a number of small towns of the area to divert the attention of a Castilian relieve on the besieged troops in Pamplona. By then, tired of Ferdinand II's unreliable intentions, the English had decided to leave the theatre of war back to England after sacking a number of villages and towns (Errenteria). A second expedition commanded by the Duke of Longueville was made up of 8,000 Gascons, 1,000 Navarrese, 1,500 landsknecths, and corresponding artillery. It set off from Peyrehorade, engaged the Castilians in Ainhize, and defeated them on 19 October 2012.
A third column crossed the Pyrenees from Roncal (Erronkari) and reached Burgui. Fearing of having his communication line with Pamplona cut off, the Duke of Alba withdrew to the capital, but not before leaving a well equipped detachment in St-Jean-Pied-de-Port. The Navarrese column advanced south across the Pyrenees from Salazar towards Pamplona. On hearing the news of the Navarrese army's approach, Estella-Lizarra and the fortress of Monjardin next to it revolted against the occupiers. On 24 October 1512, the Duke of Alba made it to Pamplona, followed by Navarrese loyalist forces, who laid siege to the capital.
In Estella-Lizarra, the rebels led by John Ramirez de Baquedano and Jaime Velaz de Medrano were soon opposed by the forces of Peter of Beaumont, supported by the Castilians Duke of Nájera and the Marquis of Comares. The Navarrese leaders made a last stand on the Monjardin fortress, but eventually a capitulation was signed. The investment of Pamplona lasted for a month, but the coming of winter and new reinforcements from Castile thwarted any prospects of a successful conclusion to the operation. The loyalists retreated and the Castilian troops made their way back across the Pyrenees to St-Jean-Pied-de-Port and Lower Navarre, keeping control of the position, but engaging in regular skirmishes with the disgruntled Beaumont party lord of Luxe (Lukuze).
On 7 December 1512, a detachment of the Navarrese army's decimated landsknechts on retreat was guarding twelve artillery pieces at the Belate pass, when they encountered a patrol led by the governor of Gipuzkoa Juan de Silva. The Gipuzkoan militia took on the landsknechts, who retreated in disarray, were chased and largely slaughtered. The skirmish was later pumped up to a wholesale battle, with the canons seized being added in 1513 to the official coat of arms of Gipuzkoa.
Spanish reoccupation and aftermath.
As of December 1512, the clashes got confined to St-Jean-Pied-de-Port and its hinterland, occupied still by the Castilians. The above Diego Fernandez de Córdoba was appointed first viceroy of Navarre, and on 13–23 March 1513 the Parliament of Navarre, greatly reduced to the Beaumount party representatives who had sided with the Castilian conquest, was called and accepted Ferdinand as their "natural lord and king." Ferdinand in turn agreed to keep Navarrese institutions and identity. At the same time, the first Castilian viceroy, Diego Fernández de Córdoba, took an oath to respect Navarrese law ("fueros").
Initially the kingdom was attached to Ferdinand—and therefore to the Crown of Aragon—as an "earned good", falling back on the Papal bulls. Aragon was a Pyrenean realm of a similar confederate institutional make-up, as opposed to the authoritarian Castile, but the pressure of the latter tipped the scale in favour of bequeathing Navarre to Castilian Queen Isabella's daughter Joanna of Castile and annexing the Basque kingdom to Castile in 1515. The annexation was confirmed after taking an oath to respect Navarre's laws and institutions (the "pactum subjectionis"), since that was Ferdinand II's will. The "Cortes" of Burgos (11 June 1515) was not attended by any Navarrese representatives, even the Navarrese count of Lerin Louis of Beaumont, Ferdinand II's accomplice up to that point, protested at this annexation to Castile, and was incarcerated.
Notwithstanding the formal oath requirement, both kingdoms had different institutional and legal systems, and fairly different social and ethnic make-up. Once the Castilian and Aragonese military confirmed their occupation of all the strongholds, the ground was paved for the progressive institutional takeover marked by the centralizing drive of the Spanish-Castilian Crown, source of frequent frictions and tensions. 1513 and 1514 were marked by the Castilian military control of Navarre, with the diplomat and writer Niccolò Machiavelli anticipating a prompt and easy understanding of Ferdinand II with France ""on the only condition of keeping Navarre, giving up instead on the Duchy of Milan for its vicinity to the Helvetians"."
Construction of the case for the conquest.
Ferdinand showed a deep concern in presenting his military intervention against a backdrop of legal grounds. He was quick to commission a report to the skilled law specialists Antonio de Nebrija and Juan López de Palacios Rubios in order to make the case for his actions with a wide array of claims over the Basque kingdom. During the following decades and centuries the reports were to become a compelling reference when it comes to the debates on the (im)morality of the Spanish conquest of Navarre. At any rate, both scholars were acting as servants of their masters King Ferdinand II and the Duke of Alba when they accepted these propaganda assignments, as pointed out by the historian Alfredo Floristan. López de Palacios would design later the doctrine legitimizing the conquest of the West Indies.
In late August 1512, once the conquest of the heartland of Navarre was achieved, Ferdinand issued a statement defending his right to attack France by means of Navarre according to the "iure belli" or "fair war" passed by the Roman Church in 1511. With Pamplona on his hands and the royal family in Béarn, Ferdinand used this gain on the ground to further justify his claim over the kingdom of Navarre, insisting on his entitlement as king of Navarre "de iure propio".
Another claim insisted on a so-called "right of way" across Navarre in order to achieve military goals in Guyenne, supported by Ferdinand's divine and natural right. In addition, Ferdinand would be "observing international treaties", so allowing him to invade Navarre in order to help his ally England. An additional, peculiar argumentation consisted of claiming that the Navarrese lineage starting with Iñigo Arista (824-851) was an usurpation of the righteous claimant, Castile, the alleged heir to the Visigothic kingdom (via Kingdom of Asturias), holder of Roman Emperor Honorius' mandate for Hispania. Lastly, Fernando stated a number of claims to the Navarrese throne related to his marriage to Germaine of Foix, and his father John II of Aragon.
Ferdinand was informed by spies of the progresses in the negotiations between Navarrese diplomats and Louis XII at Blois. On the eve of the beginning of the invasion, 17 July 1512, Ferdinand had a forged draft copy of the Treaty of Blois (signed on 18 July) circulating aimed at smear. The Papal ruling "Pastor Ille Caelestis" issued on 21 July, just 3 days after the start of the invasion, authorized to wage war on Church enemies and stake a claim over their lands and subjects providing they lie outside Italy, which would apply to Louis XII's France and the "heretic" crown of Navarre. This provision was added at the instigation of Ferdinand himself in December 1511.
Back on 5 June 1512, Ferdinand had addressed a letter to the Pope Julius II urging him to issue a bull excommunicating ""everyone in the kingdom of Navarre and the principality of Béarn"" and allocating him Navarre, or failing that, the right to take over it, and appealing for that to the Pope's own interests in Spain (""you just need a scroll and ink"", he added). On 7 June 1512 the Spanish king addressed another letter to his ambassador in Rome urging him to secure the bulls as soon as possible, for ""our army is up and the artillery ready"" to invade Navarre.
However, the Navarrese crown was not cited explicitly in the "Pastor Ille Caelestis" bull. Echoing Ferdinand's claim in late August 2012, the "Exigit Contumatium" Papal bull was issued half an year later (18 February 1513). This time Catherine I and John III were labelled as schismatic and therefore unworthy holders of the royal title, imposing on them an excommunication and confiscation of all their properties. The attending members of the Parliament of Navarre session held in Pamplona on 13–24 March 1513 accepted Ferdinand II as king.
Despite all the Papal support to his actions, Ferdinand—and his successors— was haunted by tyranny and usurpation allegations, and these concerns were to leave an imprint in the status Navarre would take after the invasion. The Spanish king made all the necessary arrangements to present the invasion as a mere dynastic change, trying to conceal the fact of the military takeover. Despite the fact that Navarre was considered an "earned good" for the free disposition of Ferdinand, the "pactum subjections" was applied—taking an oath to respect the Navarrese law and identity. Navarre was no Granada, which was considered not only a legitimate conquest by Roman Christian standards but a "reconquest" of the Visigoth Kingdom. On the other side, Navarre was widely held as an old Christian kingdom, with secular institutions and an entrenched identification of its population with the native social order. "Prior tempore, potior iure", or "earlier in time, stronger in law", the kingdom was stronger than the crown itself.
1516 reconquest attempt.
By 1516 Ferdinand was dead and his sixteen-year-old grandson by Isabella, Charles of Ghent, had ascended to the throne of both Castile and Aragon. However, in 1516 he still lived in the Burgundian Netherlands. John III of Navarre saw an opportunity through to reconquer the Iberian Navarre. The king raised an army in Sauveterre-de-Bearn made up of two columns, one commanded by himself and the other by Peter, Marshal of Navarre. The small army aimed at reaching Sanguesa and Lumbier, and there incite an uprising against the Castilians.
The first column led by John III failed to bring to heel the Castilian garrison occupying St-Jean-Pied-de-Port, while the second was not any luckier. Peter advanced towards Roncevaux on 12 March 1516, but Cardinal Cisneros had been informed of the Navarrese intentions and had colonel Villalba waiting him at Roncevaux. Peter in turn decided to avoid Roncevaux by Salazar and Roncal, but weather and the little sympathy found on the local population of the area (except for Roncal) eroded the 600-strong column. The column was engaged in battle and defeated by colonel Villalba near Isaba, valley of Roncal, and the combatants made prisoners—Peter was assassinated years later while in custody at Simancas (it was presented as a suicide).
Among the captured were several lords, including Valentin of Jaso, cousin of Francis Xavier. The prisoners were conducted to Atienza (Castile) and held on heavy chains with restricted communication, the town was put to extreme security measures, no Navarrese was allowed in town, with any resident hosting a Navarrese or not reporting their presence being subject to a 1,000-maravedi fine and 2-year imprisonment. The surviving 7 Navarrese Agramont lords were eventually released on acceptance of submission, but they all joined the 1521 French-Navarrese expedition commanded by General Asparros.
The reconquest attempt failed, and on 14 August 1516 the Treaty of Noyon was signed between King of France Francis I, styled as "the Most Christian", and King Charles V, called "the Catholic", in which Charles agrees in the context of a wider agreement to reconsider his rights over the Kingdom of Navarre and listen to Queen Catherine's envoys. However, Franco-Spanish tensions mounted again, Catherine died in early 1517 and the provisions on Navarre set out in the treaty were never enforced. Still talks continued between Navarrese diplomats and Charles V to reach an agreement over a marriage between Charles' sister Eleonor and new king of Navarre Henry II. In this context, the Parliament of Navarre in Pamplona, attended by Beaumont party members only, demanded the reattachment to (Higher) Navarre of the "Coastal Navarre", the Basque districts better known as Biscay until the early 19th century.
The Spanish cardinal Cisneros was acting as regent for the newly proclaimed emperor Charles. As such, that year he decreed all Navarrese castles be pulled down to avoid any resistance. Not only that, prominent figures of Navarre who had stood up for the Navarrese monarchs were imprisoned in Atienza or forced to exile. The repression was aimed, in cardinal Cisneros' words, at further "subjugating and constraining , so that no one in that kingdom dares or ventures to rebel."
On the spur of the events and mimicking the 1502 royal decision in Castile—the details of the decision are not well known—the Spanish imperial authority decreed the forced conversion or the expulsion of the Navarrese Muslims inhabiting in and around Tudela, probably on 1 May 1516. However, by 1516 many of them had emigrated following exactions imposed for decades. Muslim population kept abandoning Navarre until 1520, with many of them settling in Aragon, where they found temporary shelter up to their 1526 expulsion.
The institutional framework of Navarre was preserved following the 1512 invasion. Once Ferdinand II of Aragon died in January, the Parliament of Navarre gathered in Pamplona, urging Charles V (aged 16) to attend a coronation ceremony in the town following tradition, but the envoys of the Parliament were met with the Emperor's utter indifference if not contempt. He refused to attend any ceremony and responded with a brief "let's say I am happy and proclamation proposal pleases me." Eventually the Parliament met in 1517 without Charles V, represented instead by the Duke of Najera pronouncing an array of promises of little certitude, while the acting Parliament kept piling up grievances and demands for damages due to the Emperor, totalling 67—the 2nd Viceroy of Navarre Fadrique de Acuña was deposed in 1515 probably for acceding to send grievances. Contradictions inherent to the documents accounting for the Emperor's non-existent oath pledge in 1516 point to a contemporary manipulation of the records.
1521 French-Navarrese expedition.
From 1520–1521, Castile was distracted by the Revolt of the Comuneros. The Crown of Aragon was also suffering economic difficulties as well as the Revolt of the Brotherhoods. As a result, Spain was seen as a ripe target of opportunity by the French King Francis I. Meanwhile, the young King Henry II of Navarre, based in his domains of Béarn, saw a way through to reconquer Navarre. Taking advantage of the synergies with France, Henry began raising a 12,000-strong army, mainly Gascons and Navarrese exiles, to recapture the Navarre occupied by the Spanish. The large French-Navarrese army commanded by General Asparros (or Esparre) crossed the Pyrenees, consisting exactly of 12,000 infantry, 800 mounted knights, and 29 pieces of artillery.
The Castilian Viceroy of Navarre, Antonio Manrique de Lara, 2nd Duke of Nájera, was caught off-guard. The Duke had the responsibility for guarding the Navarrese lands conquered in 1512, but he had moved the bulk of his troops away from Navarre to suppress peasant uprisings and raids in his home territory of Castile, within the context of the Revolt of the Comuneros. Much of his artillery and other troops as well had gone to Castile to fight the organized comunero armies. Rumors had abounded of a "French" invasion, with former comunero noble Pedro Girón warning of the impending invasion in April 1521.
Angry at the Castilian takeover of the ecclesiastic, administrative and judiciary institutions in Navarre, the Navarrese quickly rose up across Navarre in support of Henry II and the House of Albret as King on hearing the news of Henry II's expedition. Volunteer parties were created in many places to expel the Castilians. As the force approached Pamplona, the citizens revolted and besieged the Castilian military governor, Iñigo de Loyola, in his newly built castle. The garrison surrendered after a few days of resistance in late May 1521 in the Battle of Pampeluna (Pamplona). In less than three weeks, all of Navarre was reconquered.
Still, not all was settled. The absence of young King Henry II was disquieting to the population. Additionally, the French general was treating Navarre like a conquered country, which caused some to wonder if the French King Francis wanted the territory to himself. The French-Navarrese then moved out of friendly territory over to Castile, crossing the Ebro and besieging the bordering town of Logroño, where the count of Lerin was stationed with a 4,000-strong force. Here the army commanded by Esparros encountered its first serious resistance.
Unfortunately for the King of Navarre and the French, the Revolt of the Comuneros had been crushed at the Battle of Villalar in April. Now, not only was the Castilian government able to send its soldiers back to respond, but a large number of Castilian nobles who had supported the comuneros or vacillated between sides were now presented an opportunity to prove their loyalty to Castile. Many formerly rebel-held towns sent soldiers to Navarre as well. Backed by a suddenly reunified Castile, a huge army of 30,000 men approached Navarre to retake it. On June 11, Asparros abandoned his siege of Logroño and retreated back to Tiebas, Navarre. Asparros desperately requested reinforcements from Béarn, but Henry II refused the request, presumably not wanting to risk them in a battle that was likely already lost in any case.
Near Pamplona, the French (Gascons) and the Navarrese were completely defeated at the Battle of Esquiroz (Noáin) on 30 June 1521. The French-Navarrese force did not have sufficient artillery to defend themselves, and were outnumbered by more than two-to-one. French and Navarrese losses numbered more than 6,000 dead, and General Asparros was captured, and released in return for a ransom of 10,500 ducats, and the surrender of Pamplona. The Castilian human losses numbered only 50 to 300 deaths. The victory of Charles I's troops was followed by an occupation in which the defeated were subject to abuse, pillaging, marginalization and exile. The new scenario bred despair among many Navarrese, with many lords conveniently opting to switch sides to the victorious Castilians. The Castilians did not relent, and continued to send reinforcements to the area as Charles V and France went to war across Europe.
Hondarribia and last stand at Amaiur.
With the echoes of the defeat in Noain still fresh in memory, kings Henry II of Navarre and Francis I of France allied again to strike back, this time on the northern fringes of Navarre—probably expecting the Spanish to be worn out by their relentless war activity and broke financially. In late September 1521, the French-Navarrese divided in two columns and advanced towards the Bidasoa. The first column, made up of Agramont-party Navarrese, Normans and Gascons, was based in Labourd (French royal territory), while the second, formed by German, Gascon and Norman infantry, set off from St-Jean-Pied-de-Port—then in hands of troops loyal to Henry II— totalling a vast force of 27,000 combatants under the command of Guillaume Gouffier, seigneur de Bonnivet. Most of the troops were not French proper, but raised in the Norman and Pyrénées-based possessions of the Foix-Albret. After taking over Roncal, the second column headed west along the Pyrénées range, and captured Roncevaux.
The Franco-Navarrese force approached the fortress of Amaiur (Baztan, Navarre), laying siege to the fortress the Castilians had just reinforced. Eventually on 3 October 1521 the Castilians capitulated in exchange for their lives and an open way back to Castile. So was done, and the fortress was captured. The troops of Guillaume Gouffier headed then to Labourd and on to Behobia, capturing the fortress of Urantzu and moving on to invest the coastal stronghold of Hondarribia (Fuenterrabía, Fontarabie) at the tip of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Country. The stronghold was captured on 12 October 1521 (other sources point to 6 October). The French-Navarrese held sway over a swath extending from Belate to the mouth of the Bidasoa river, but the calm did not last long.
As of May 1522, with Charles V in Pamplona, the Spanish forces started to gather the funds and troops necessary to attack. In July 1522, with Navarrese Amaiur about to fall, the Emperor disembarked in Santander and brought 4,000 landsknechts along. Many Basques from Biscay proper, Gipuzkoa, Álava, and even Navarre added to the Charles V's forces in this effort, Aragonese joined too. Ahead of the Castilian expedition to the Bidasoa, a combination of Gipuzkoan militias with a 1,000-strong landsknecht backup engaged the Franco-Navarrese (Basques from Labourd and landsknechts) at the fortress of Urantzu in the celebrated Battle of San Marcial. The pro-Imperial forces came up victorious and took the position (30 June 1522).
While Charles V made military arrangements, the Habsburg Emperor issued also a pardon decree targeting banished and exiled Agramont party members loyal to Henry II, not without a sizeable number of exceptions. Charles V seems to have followed Ferdinand II's tactics, (partial) pardon was intertwined with straight repression, like a new order to pull down remaining Agramont and other Navarrese fortresses, besides putting Agramont leaders loyal to King Henry II to trial on lèse-majesté offences.
On 4 July 1522, a 7,000-strong Castilian expedition left from Pamplona, and by 15 July Amaiur was invested. The fortress was defended by 200 Navarrese knights loyal to Henry II commanded by Jaime Velaz de Medrano, the 1512 rebel of Estella-Lizarra. However, no relieve force reached out to the heroic defenders of the position, and it ultimately fell to the Count of Miranda on 19 July 1522. A commemorative monolith stands now were the fortress stood. After the capitulation of Amaiur, drastic orders were issued by the Venetian-born Castilian bishop of Pamplona John de Rena to level the fortress and pull down a number houses owned by Agramont sympathisers, as well as setting fire to the abbey of Urdazubi. The Castilians went on to spread terror across neighbouring Lower Navarre.
The 39 surviving Navarrese lords of Amaiur were conducted to Pamplona and held captive in the Saint Nicolas fortress. Besides the above Jaime Velez de Medrano, there was also Miguel de Jaso, lord of Xavier and Francis Xavier's oldest brother. They were imprisoned in Pamplona, and Jaime and his son were poisoned. Miguel managed to escape dressed up in woman garments, and rushed to join his brother John de Jaso and the Franco-Navarrese forces strong in Hondarribia, numbering 3,000 defenders—1,000 Navarrese and 2,000 French. Besides the above Guillaume Gouffier, the military force counted Claude of Lorraine as one of its commanders.
At the peak of Francis' and Henry II's campaign, the Navarrese king made a decision of high symbolic value: call the Parliament of Navarre in Saint-Palais (Donapaleu), take the oath to respect the Navarrese laws ("fueros"), and reorganize Navarrese administration according to actual territorial control. Charles V felt his authority on Navarre was being defied, and designed a plan to subdue kings Henry II and Francis, and suppress all Navarrese resistance. His ambitious plan aimed at invading Lower Navarre, Toulouse, Bayonne, and Hondarribia after Amaiur was captured.
The Viceroy of Aragon advanced towards Oloron in Béarn and laid siege to the town, while the army of the Prince of Orange Philibert of Chalon failed to take Bayonne. Frustrated at his failure, on his withdrawal south Philibert devastated Ustaritz, and sacked Biarritz and St-Jean-de-Luz (Donibane Lohizune). Other towns and villages inland straddling the Navarrre-Béarn border underwent also severe damage to people and property. Eventually, the Imperial forces focused all their strength on capturing Hondarribia. On 15 December 1523, Charles V issued a new pardon, this time including most the Navarrese Agramont leaders, except for 152 prominent figures, some of them still fighting in Hondarribia.
The Battle of Fuenterrabía (Hondarribia) would last until April 1524. On 29 February 1524, the Navarrese forces commanded by Peter of Navarre (son of the assassinated Navarrese marshall) capitulated to commander-in-chief of Gipuzkoa Iñigo Fernandez de Velasco, his own uncle. They were promised a restitution of their properties, but only after vowing loyalty to Charles V. Ultimately, some of the defenders of the position were even allocated to different positions in Charles V monarchy—but far away from Navarre—and properties were partially or totally given back—not without problems. On surrender, Navarrese resistance to the Spanish-Castilian occupation was dealt its final blow.
Localized military clashes got confined to the southern fringes of Lower Navarre (Nafarroa Beherea in Basque, see map). In 1525, a Spanish inroad shook St-Jean-Pied-de-Port again, it was kept by the Spanish for almost two years, but in 1527 the lord of Luxe (Lukuze) and Esteban de Albret, lord of Miossens, got the position back. Except for a Spanish outpost in Luzaide/Valcarlos the region was abandoned in 1528 due to Charles I's loss of interest and the difficulties to defend it. France's loss of the wider war, with King Francis' and Henry II's capture at the Battle of Pavia in February 1525 sealed the division of Navarre. While Henry II managed to break free from prison, the Treaty of Madrid on 1 January 1526 and the Treaty of Cambray (1529) confirmed Spanish control over the Iberian part of Navarre—Francis I commits to denying assistance to Henry II.
Aftermath and consequences.
The successive pardons decreed by Charles V were gestures of high cohesive value to fit Navarre in the Habsburg Spain. A series of pardons to clergy who had sided with the legitimate monarchs were also decreed, with a first pardon just after the 1512 invasion. However, distrust to the loyalty of the Navarrese was kept in place all along during 16th century while Reformist, independent Navarre to the north of the Pyrénées existed before its absorption into France in 1620. Holdings confiscated to subjects loyal to Henry II started to be returned, but the procedures were fraught with problems, accompanied by implacable judiciary persecution and exemplary sentences to Agramont party leaders.
While no burning of books is attested, as it happened on the follow-up to the conquest of Granada in Oran (on Cardinal Cisneros' orders), conspicuously large numbers of books, records and archives are missing related to jurisprudence, accountancy, appointments, Parliament and Royal Council sessions, as well as property titles of the period previous to the 1512 invasion (mid late 15th to early 16th century), with records resuming in 1512. Files related to the previous period appear to have been donated to the Spanish monarchs or seized in any form by the newly appointed authorities. A vast majority of the population was Basque-speaking and mostly illiterate, relying on a bilingual notary who could write in Romance (a Navarrese variant merging with Castilian) or Latin, but a requirement was imposed to re-register property titles before Castilian officials. Failing registration, ownership of the estate or holding was invalidated and goods were subject to confiscation by the occupiers.
Navarre remained on a state of military occupation at least up to the 1530. All relevant positions held by native officials in the kingdom's government were taken over by Castilian appointees, namely bishops, viceroys, and administrative personnel of the Royal Tribunals, the Royal Council, Accounts Chamber ("Comptos"), and the curia, not to mention the garrison in Pamplona, like those stationed in other towns dotting Navarre. In the same way, Navarrese ecclesiastics were ostracised from abbot positions, but sometimes natives showing a submissive demeanour were kept or appointed as officials.
Since the critical period of Spanish conquest, each time a bishop vacancy occurred, either the cathedral chapter of Pamplona or later the "Diputacion" requested a Navarrese bishop, to no avail. For example, in 1539 a lavish report insisted on choosing a native ecclesiastic for the position on a number of accounts, one of them being that they could speak Basque and would be obeyed by his subjects, "for his native origin and because the Basque people, the main part of the kingdom, love like no other nation their own nature and language." The report was turned down without explanation, and a Castilian bishop appointed. Historian of Church Goñi Gaztanbide ("Historia de los Obispos de Pamplona", 1985) is adamant in his criticism, denouncing the "Castilian assimilation of Navarrese Church at all levels," to the point of considering it subjected to a colonial regime.
The Navarrese continued turning their eyes to their (Reformist) alter ego to the north, Henry II's independent Navarre with Béarn. Navarre (like Gipuzkoa) became a hotspot of penetration for Reformist ideas as soon as 1521, when Inquisition seized and set fire to a number of books. A ban was imposed on reading them, or even writing or preaching against the Reformist doctrine, in order to avoid bringing attention to its claims.
In 1525, on the heat of Henry II's two failed reconquest campaigns (see above), the first "witchcraft" allegations spring up instigated by the graduate Balanza, member of the Royal Council and commissioner of inquiries on witchcraft across Navarre, owner also of a palace in Unzué. In letters to the Castilian bishop of Pamplona John de Rena (an able military administrator, but in fact not even ordained for religious functions), Balanza asserts that there exists "so much evil" in a number of southern Pyrenean valleys—starting from Salazar and Roncal, to Burguete (Auritz), Baztan, Bortziriak, Malerreka (to Pamplona)—located on the rearguard of the St-Jean-Pied-de-Port front in Lower Navarre, and an active theatre of war just a few years or months before, "it should not be only me who is aware of it," he adds. After his inquiry and resulting trials (January–August 1525), 30-40 people, mostly women, were condemned and burnt alive by the occupant authorities, while other sources point to 200. Another 43 were stripped of their properties.
On 15 August 1532, sister of King Henry II Ana of Albret died. She expressed in her will the wish to be buried with her parents Catherine I and John III in Pamplona, also bequeathing her dominion as Princess of Viana to her brother King Henry II, but her wish was not honoured. Doubts over the occupation of Navarre kept haunting Charles V until death, who tried to find a compromise suiting his ambitions and the monarchs of Navarre. To that end, he tried to marry his son and successor Philip II of Spain to heir apparent of Navarre Jeanne d'Albret (1539), highlighting her high educational background and intelligence. These attempts ultimately failed, but Charles V left to Philip II instructions on his will to give Navarre back, "following his conscience" (1548, 1556). That never happened.

</doc>
<doc id="19884168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884168" title="Or Else, the Lightning god &amp; Other Stories">
Or Else, the Lightning god &amp; Other Stories

Or Else, the Lightning god & Other Stories is a collection of 18 short stories by Catherine Lim, first published by Heinemann in 1980. The book follows the success of "", published two years ago by the same author. Both these two collections were used as set texts by the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate for GCE 'O' Levels.
The Stories.
The themes and style of the stories are very much carried on from Catherine Lim's first collection of short stories, "Little Ironies". They focus on the snobbery, selfishness, prejudice and ignorance of the characters. The stories are also as a rule slightly longer than those in "Little Ironies".

</doc>
<doc id="19884227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884227" title="Final value theorem">
Final value theorem

In mathematical analysis, the final value theorem (FVT) is one of several similar theorems used to relate frequency domain expressions to the time domain behavior as time approaches infinity. A final value theorem allows the time domain behavior to be directly calculated by taking a limit of a frequency domain expression, as opposed to converting to a time domain expression and taking its limit.
Mathematically, if
has a finite limit, then
where formula_3 is the (unilateral) Laplace transform of formula_4.
Proof.
By integrating from the definition of Laplace transform of a derivative we have:
"If" the infinite integral on LHS exists, then the limit of integral can be written as integral of limit, therefore:
By equating RHSs of previous equations and canceling f(0) on both sides:
Example where FVT holds.
For example, for a system described by transfer function
and so the impulse response converges to
That is, the system returns to zero after being disturbed by a short impulse. However, the Laplace transform of the unit step response is
and so the step response converges to
and so a zero-state system will follow an exponential rise to a final value of 3.
Example where FVT does not hold.
However, for a system described by the transfer function
the final value theorem "appears" to predict the final value of the impulse response to be 0 and the final value of the step response to be 1. However, neither time-domain limit exists, and so the final value theorem predictions are not valid. In fact, both the impulse response and step response oscillate, and (in this special case) the final value theorem describes the average values around which the responses oscillate. 
There are two checks performed in Control theory which confirm valid results for the Final Value Theorem:
Rule 1 was not satisfied in this example, in that the roots of the denominator are formula_15 and formula_16.

</doc>
<doc id="19884242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884242" title="Đorđe Bogić">
Đorđe Bogić

The holy Hieromartyr Đorđe (George) Bogić, a parish priest of Našice, ("Свети свештеномученик Ђорђе Богић, парох нашички") was killed for the faith in 1941. 
Life.
Đorđe was born in Pakrac on February 6, 1911. He completed grammar school in Nova Gradiška and seminary in Sarajevo. On May 25, 1934, Đorđe was ordained a priest in Pakrac. Đorđe then performed his duties in the parishes of Majar and Bolmače, after which he was moved to Našice, where he happened to be at the beginning of World War II. 
Martyrdom.
His afflictions were recorded in the book "Magnum Crimen", written by Viktor Novak (Zagreb 1948, pages 641-642): 
Đorđe's body remained in the same place the whole night, till the afternoon of the next day. Around 16:00 (4 PM), the Gypsies were ordered to take the corpse to Brezik colony and to bury it in the graveyard.
Canonization.
At the regular session of the Holy Assembly of Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church in 1998, Protopresbyter Đorđe was canonized, and his name was entered in the list of names of the Serbian Church Saints.
Troparion.
O holy Hieromartyr Djordje, you lent yourself to the apostles' way of life and succeeded them on their throne. Inspired by God, you found confirmed your meditation by practice and prayer; wherefore you became a perfect teacher of truth, fighting for the faith unto the shedding of your blood. Intercede with Christ God that He may save our souls.

</doc>
<doc id="19884281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884281" title="National Socialist People's Welfare">
National Socialist People's Welfare

The Nationalsozialistische Volkswohlfahrt (NSV), meaning "National Socialist People's Welfare" was a social welfare organization during the Third Reich. The NSV was established in 1933, shortly after the NSDAP took power in Germany. Its seat was in Berlin.
The structure of the NSV was based on the Nazi Party model, with local, county ("Kreis") and group administrations. 
Erich Hilgenfeldt, who worked as office head at the NSV, organized a charity drive to celebrate Hitler's Birthday on April 20, 1931. Following this move Joseph Goebbels named him the leader of the NSV. The NSV became established as the single Nazi Party welfare organ in May 1933. On 21 September in the same year Hilgenfeldt was appointed as Reich Commissioner for the Nazi Winter Support Programme ("Winterhilfswerk"). Under Hilgenfeldt the programme was massively expanded, so that the régime deemed it worthy to be called the "greatest social institution in the world." One method of expansion was to absorb, or in NSDAP parlance coordinate, already existing but non-Nazi charity organizations. NSV was the second largest Nazi group organization by 1939, second only to the German Labor Front.
During World War II, the NSV took over more and more governmental responsibilities, especially in the fields of child and youth labor. 
NSV was often discriminating against Jews, and refused to provide aid to them.
After Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. Known as "Law number five", this Denazification decree disbanded the NSV, like all organizations linked to the Nazi Party. The social welfare organizations had to be established anew during the postwar reconstruction of both West Germany and the DDR.

</doc>
<doc id="19884292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884292" title="QL (chemical)">
QL (chemical)

Isopropyl aminoethylmethyl phosphonite (NATO designation QL), also known as O-(2-diisopropylaminoethyl) O'-ethyl methylphosphonite, is a precursor chemical to the nerve agent VX.
Uses in chemical warfare.
QL is a component in binary chemical weapons, mainly VX nerve agent. It, along with Methylphosphonyl difluoride (DF), was developed during the 1980s in order to replace an aging stockpile of unitary chemical weapons. QL is listed as a "Schedule One" chemical by the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Toxicity.
QL itself is relatively non-toxic chemical. However, when reacted with sulfur, the corresponding sulphide of QL isomerizes into the highly toxic VX molecule.

</doc>
<doc id="19884309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884309" title="Forever Free (tribute album)">
Forever Free (tribute album)

Forever Free: Sublime Tribute is the second tribute album dedicated to Sublime lead singer Brad Nowell after 2005's "Look at All the Love We Found", performed by various artists and released on January 24, 2006. All songs, besides the final track, are tribute covers of classic Sublime recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19884318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884318" title="Haemieupseong">
Haemieupseong

Haemi Castle or Haemieup-seong is a castle located in Haemi-eup near Seosan, South Chungcheong Province in South Korea. Haemi Castle was built between the 17th year of the reign of King Taejong (1417) and the 3rd year of Sejong the Great's reign in 1421 during the Joseon period. It was listed as South Korea's Historical Site No. 116 in January 1963 and renovated in 1973. The castle was the background of the Donghak Rebellion in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="19884330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884330" title="Mount Hiru">
Mount Hiru

Mount Hiru (蛭ヶ岳 "Hiru-ga-take") is the tallest mountain of the Tanzawa Mountains with a height of .

</doc>
<doc id="19884337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884337" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Egypt)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Egypt)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Arab Republic of Egypt () is the Egyptian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Egypt. The current Minister is Nabil Fahmy.
History.
Early history.
In the 18th century, the Ministry was one of the divans established by Muhammad Ali Pasha, known as the 'founder of modern Egypt'. The aim of the Ministry was to organize Egypt's internal, and external affairs, and was concerned with trade, and commerce. Later, it became the Divan of Foreign Affairs, and was concerned with trade, and citizen's affairs. It continued to function after the Muhammad Ali’s reign, and it was one of the fundamental divans of the state. It was concerned with abolishing slavery, and following up international treaties. During the era of Sa'id Pasha, and Isma'il Pasha, there were some modifications in the Ministry, due to the increasing presence of the Europeans in Egypt.
Due to the change of rule in Egypt in 1878, the absolute jurisdictions given to rulers were diminished, and the divans were replaced by portfolios. During this period, the foreign portfolio was headed by prominent figures such as Boutros Ghali, who spent the longest period in office from 1894–1910.
The foreign portfolio was put to an end after the declaration of the British Protectorate over Egypt in 1914.
Reestablishment.
After Egyptian independence was officially recognised by the United Kingdom on 22 February 1922, the Ministry of Foreign affairs was re-established on 15 March 1922. Ahmed Heshmat Pasha, who became the first Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1923, laid the cornerstone of the organizational structure of the Ministry and took Al Bustan Palace in Bab El Louk, a palace owned by King Fuad, to be the first official headquarters to his Ministry. He divided the Ministry into four main departments, the Minister's divan, the department of political and commercial affairs, the department of consular affairs, and the department of administrative affairs. 
In 1925, the first special decree regarding the consular system was issued, and also the decree regarding the system of the political positions.
Although the reestablishment of the Ministry was approved, the continuing British occupation of the country imposed restrictions on the level of the Egyptian diplomatic representation abroad.
After the Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936, diplomatic representation of Egypt was raised to be at the same level as the diplomatic representation in London. Under the treaty, Britain recognised Egypt's right to raise its diplomatic representation to the level of "ambassador" which in turn enabled Egypt to join the League of Nations in 1937.join the League of Nations. This enabled Egyptian diplomacy to have a role in the international arena once more.
The Egyptian diplomatic representation spread to many parts of the world. During this period, the Egyptian consular representation spread more than the diplomatic representation due to the large number of consuls who already functioned in cities like London, and Liverpool in Britain, Paris, Marseille, and Lyons in France, and Berlin, and Hamburg in Germany.
The aftermath of the Second World War had a great impact on the Egyptian diplomatic performance through the structural changes made by the Egyptian Ministers at that time in order to cope with the profound changes created by the war. After the end of the war, the Egyptian Ministers made changes to cope with the effect of the war.
The Ministry after the Egyptian Revolution of 1952.
The Egyptian Revolution of 1952 led to transformation of the organisational structure of the Ministry. On 21 September 1955, law number 453 was issued to define the role of the Foreign Ministry in implementing Egyptian foreign policy, developing foreign relations of Egypt with foreign governments, and international organisations, protecting Egyptian interests abroad, issuing diplomatic passports, and following up issues related to diplomatic immunities and privileges. In 1966, the Ministry set up the Institute for Diplomatic Studies.
In 1979, the Egyptian Foreign Minister, Boutros Boutros-Ghali, decided to reorganise the Ministry to deal with the new circumstances following the Egyptian–Israeli Peace Treaty, and the following year, Foreign Minister Kamal Hassan, reorganised the Ministry in order to develop the internal work mechanisms, and also worked on enhancing the Diplomatic Institute.
Hosni Mubarak became the President of Egypt on 14 October 1981, after which the Ministry went through a comprehensive reform process. For the first time in 30 years, the law related to the Diplomatic and Consular Corps was modified. Consequently, Law Number 45 for year 1982 regarding the Diplomatic and Consular Corps was issued to cope with the new prospects of the Egyptian diplomatic and consular relations, according to the two Vienna Conventions on Diplomatic and Consular Relations which Egypt joined in the 1960s.
In the 1990s, a restructuring process for the Egyptian diplomatic practice took place. This process was influenced by the factors affecting the international arena such as the information and technological revolution, the increase in the role of non-governmental organisations in international relations, and the emergence of economic globalisation.
Decision-making process.
The Ministry is responsible for conducting the Egypt's foreign relations within the framework of the Egyptian Cabinet. It plays an essential role in collecting and evaluating political, economic, cultural, and scientific information that may affect foreign relations. It is also responsible for planning and implementing Egyptian foreign policy, and co-ordinating with the other Egyptian ministries and institutions concerned. 
After the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, the decision-making patterns in the Ministry underwent alteration. Such alteration depended mainly on the nature of the relationship between the Presidential institution and the Ministry, and on the sort of issues with which the decision-maker is dealing. The changes made to the decision-making process also took into consideration the efficiency with which the Ministry will operate if it functioned independently without obtaining assistance or information from other institutions and ministries.
The Egyptian political leadership has made way for the Ministry and other institutions to participate actively in the decision-making process through consultations, and accepting suggestions.
The role of the Ministry.
The Ministry oversees the foreign relations of Egypt. It engages in Egypt's comprehensive development efforts by trying to attract foreign investments, acquire economic assistance, and facilitate technology transfer. There are specialized departments for international cooperation and economic relations have been established within the Ministry to achieve these goals. They also coordinate and cooperate with other Egyptian ministries and institutions working in those domains.
Traditional relationships with other Arab and African states are maintained mainly through interactions with regional organisations such as the Arab League, and the African Union. Bilateral relations with these states are also promoted through undertaking continuous consultations, widening the scope of cooperation in various fields, as well as exchanging expertise in the different areas of development. Egypt's strategic relationships with the United States, and European states are also maintained by the Ministry.
The Ministry co-operates with the international community through international organisations such as the United Nations, and tries to play an active role in the UN, its specialised agencies, and several other international institutions to foster international peace, security, and economic development.
The Ministry also helps to promote understanding of Egyptian culture through the cultural sector of the Foreign Ministry. The cultural sector co-operates with other Egyptian institutions, such as Al-Azhar University, the Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs, and the Egyptian Ministry of Education to offer scholarships and training courses to African, and Asian students.

</doc>
<doc id="19884342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884342" title="Biathlon at the 2002 Winter Paralympics">
Biathlon at the 2002 Winter Paralympics

Biathlon at the 2002 Winter Paralympics consisted of six events, three for men and three for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19884350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884350" title="United States Post Office–Fredonia">
United States Post Office–Fredonia

US Post Office-Fredonia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19884372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884372" title="United States Post Office–Geneva">
United States Post Office–Geneva

US Post Office-Geneva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19884379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884379" title="CAPA-alpha">
CAPA-alpha

CAPA-alpha (sometimes abbreviated to K-a) was the first amateur press association (APA) devoted to comic books, started by Jerry Bails (the "father of comics fandom") in the United States in 1964.
In October 1964 Bails released the first issue of comics' first dedicated APA publication. Between 1963 and 1964, "new fanzines were popping up right and left . . . a lot of fans were infected by the "publishing bug," many of them talented writers and artists." In an attempt to focus these emerging talents, and head off the over-abundance of poor quality fanzines (or "crud-zines") which seemed to equal in number their good quality counterparts, Bails adapted the long-standing practice of APAs for comics, creating the first all-comics APA, "CAPA-alpha" (the first—e.g., 'alpha'—'Comics A.P.A.'). Cartoonist and fanzine publisher Johnny Chambers is credited with coming up with the title CAPA-Alpha.
This allowed the easy formulation of a fanzine, created through submissions by each of its fifty-strong membership, who could all contribute short submissions on a regular basis. Compiled in the regular APA mold by a "central mailer" (in which role Bails first served), copies of the membership's individual submissions could then be collated and mailed out to everyone. "Now," explained fandom historian Bill Schelly, "fans could get into print and retain editorial control of their material, without publishing their own fanzine."
CAPA-alpha soon grew to its present limit of fifty members, becoming along the way the archetype for most subsequent comics APAs. Besides Bails, notable members have included Mark Evanier, Carl Gafford, Fred Patten, Richard and Wendy Pini, Neal Pozner, Roy Thomas, Tony Isabella, Dan Alderson, Dave Kaler, Ralph Alfonso, Rick Norwood, Don Markstein, Dwight Decker, Rob Solomon, Rocky Bronstein, Tom Stern, Jim Korkis, Richard Morrissey, Harry Broertjes, Jim Chadwick, Wayne DeWald, Meloney Crawford, Gary Brown, Alan Hutchinson, Jeffrey H. Wasserman, and Don and Maggie Thompson.
In addition, Michael Barrier's famed animation fanzine "Funnyworld" started as a CAPA-alpha contribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19884406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884406" title="Charlotte Stone Crabs">
Charlotte Stone Crabs

The Charlotte Stone Crabs are a minor league baseball team based in Port Charlotte, Florida. They are members of the Florida State League and are the Class A-Advanced affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays Major League Baseball (MLB) team.
The Stone Crabs were originally the Vero Beach Dodgers (later Vero Beach Devil Rays), who played in Vero Beach, Florida from 1980 to 2008. The team relocated to Port Charlotte after being purchased by Ripken Baseball. They play their home games at Charlotte Sports Park, and are named for the Florida stone crab, which is indigenous to the Charlotte County region.
The team affiliated with two different Major League Baseball teams during their existence: the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1980 to 2006 and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays since 2007.
History.
The Charlotte Stone Crabs were formerly known as the Vero Beach Dodgers, later the Vero Beach Devil Rays. The franchise was founded in 1980, and played at Holman Stadium, the former spring training home of the Los Angeles Dodgers. The team was affiliated with the Dodgers from 1980 to 2006.
In 2007 the franchise's affiliation changed to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays; they were then renamed the Vero Beach Devil Rays. Under their new name they won the 2007 Florida State League championship. On August 25, 2008, it was announced that the Vero Beach franchise was sold to Ripken Baseball, which resulted in a relocation of the franchise to Port Charlotte, Florida to become the Charlotte Stone Crabs.
The Stone Crabs play their home games at Charlotte Sports Park in Port Charlotte, Florida, now the Tampa Bay Rays spring training home. On December 20, the team announced that Jim Morrison will return as manager, having managed the Vero Beach team in 2008.
In their first season in Port Charlotte, the Stone Crabs won the FSL South division title but lost the league title to the Tampa Yankees three games to two.
Notable players.
The Charlotte Stone Crabs have had many Major League players in their existence. Jake McGee was the first Stone Crabs player to make it to the majors. B. J. Upton, on a rehab assignment in April 2009, was the first batter in franchise history. Other big leaguers who have spent time with the Stone Crabs include: Rocco Baldelli, Grant Balfour, Jason Bartlett, Chad Bradford, Pat Burrell, Brad Hawpe, Jeremy Hellickson, Matt Joyce, Scott Kazmir, Carlos Peña, Fernando Pérez, Shawn Riggans, Brian Shouse, Andy Sonnanstine, and Mitch Talbot.

</doc>
<doc id="19884414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884414" title="Mark Blagrave">
Mark Blagrave

Mark Blagrave (born 1956, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario) is a Canadian writer, especially of plays and short stories, and Professor of English and Dean, Faculty of Arts and Social Science at Huron University College.
Blagrave was raised in Southern Ontario and lived in Sackville, New Brunswick, his "true" home. His paternal grandfather Robert Blagrave was born in Rawdon Quebec, where members of the Blagrave family still reside. His plays are performed both professionally and in university theatres, and his short stories published regularly in Canadian periodicals like "The New Quarterly" and "The Fiddlehead". "Silver Salts", his first novel, was published in 2008. His current obsession is indeed salt, which he intends to render as a motif in a forthcoming short-story collection. After almost 40 years at Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick, in 2009, he returned to southern Ontario as Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Social Science at Huron University College.

</doc>
<doc id="19884430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884430" title="National Socialist War Victim's Care">
National Socialist War Victim's Care

The Nationalsozialistische Kriegsopferversorgung (NSKOV), meaning "National Socialist War Victim's Care" was a social welfare organization for seriously wounded veterans as well as frontline fighters of World War I. The NSKOV was established in 1934 and was affiliated to the NSDAP (Nazi party).
After Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. Known as "Law number five", this Denazification decree disbanded the NSKOV, like all organizations linked to the Nazi Party. The organizations taking care of the welfare for World War I veterans had to be established anew during the postwar reconstruction of both West Germany and the DDR.

</doc>
<doc id="19884444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884444" title="The Hole in the Wall Theatre">
The Hole in the Wall Theatre

The Hole in the Wall Theatre was a theatre in Subiaco, Western Australia, that was home to performances from 1984 to 2003. In 2005 it was refurbished and renamed the Subiaco Theatre Centre.
The original Hole in the Wall Theatre was established in 1965 in Newcastle Street, Perth by Frank Baden-Powell and John Gill. In August 1968 the Hole in the Wall was relocated to a converted warehouse in Southport Street, Leederville. In 1984 the theatre moved to the 
new Subiaco Theatre Centre, part of the Subiaco Civic Hall. Its first show there was on 4 August. The new theatre building in Subiaco was designed by Perth architect Peter Parkinson. His other projects include the "Octagon" and "Dolphin" theatres at the University of Western Australia.
Hole in the Wall artistic director Raymond Omodei told ABC TV’s Stateline in 2006 that the Hall’s unique corner stage, while criticised by some directors, is still one of the best. “It's a very demanding space, but Joan Sydney, Amanda Muggleton and the very lovely Jill Perryman has each said this is the best space for a performer in the country. In my last year here we played to 89,000 people. We had great success here,” he said.
In an assessment of the Centre, the Heritage Council of Western Australia said the building was “…significant in displaying aesthetic qualities of the Post-War International style. The formality and rhythm created by the articulated structure are balanced by the interest provided in contrasting materials”.
In 1987 Omodei directed Richard Dillane as Hamlet and in 1991 a production of Henrik Ibsen’s A Doll’s House at the Theatre starred Greta Scacchi as Nora, Michael Loney as Torvald Helmer, Andrew Warwick as Dr Rank and Anni Murtagh-Monks as Kristine Linde.

</doc>
<doc id="19884454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884454" title="Alexandre Jacques François Brière de Boismont">
Alexandre Jacques François Brière de Boismont

Alexandre Jacques François Brière de Boismont (often translated as "Brierre de Boismont" in English) (October 18, 1797 – December 25, 1881) was a French physician and psychiatrist born in Rouen.
In 1825 he received his medical doctorate in Paris, afterwards working as a physician at a nursing home in Sainte-Colombe. In 1831 he performed important studies of a cholera epidemic in Poland, and in 1838 was appointed director of a private nursing home on Rue Neuve Sainte-Genevieve, located near the Panthéon de Paris. Beginning in 1859, he practiced medicine in Saint-Mande.
Brière de Boismont was the author of numerous publications in several medical fields, that included hygiene, forensic medicine and anatomy, but is best known for his work in psychiatry. In 1845 he published "Des Hallucinations, ou Histoire raisonnée des apparitions, des visions, des songes, de l'extase, du magnétisme et du somnambulisme", a landmark study of hallucinations, of which he considered were a significant part of mankind's psychological history. This book was later translated into English as "On Hallucinations: Or, the Rational History of Apparitions, Dreams, Ecstasy, Magnetism, and Somnambulism".
In 1856 he published a comprehensive study on suicide, titled "Du suicide et de la folie suicide". With Jules Baillarger (1809-1890) and others, he was co-editor of "Annales médico-psychologique". In 1862, Brière de Boismont provided an early description of what would later become known as Kleine-Levin syndrome (KLS).

</doc>
<doc id="19884475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884475" title="Sicamous (sternwheeler)">
Sicamous (sternwheeler)

SS "Sicamous" is a large five decked sternwheeler built by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) for Okanagan Lake service between the fruit communities of Penticton, and other towns of Kelowna and Vernon, British Columbia. Launched in 1914, "Sicamous" ran for many years connecting rail lines and areas. The vessel operated until 1937 and is currently beached as a part of a heritage shipyard operated by the Penticton Museum and Archives in Penticton. The vessel today is operated both as a museum and events and banquet facility.
History.
"Sicamous" was one of three luxury-class liners operated by CPR, which was the main carrier on the lakes, providing freight and passenger connections between Penticton, on the Kettle Valley Railway (the Southern Mainline) and Okanagan Landing (Vernon) for connections to the CPR Mainline at Sicamous via the Shuswap and Okanagan Railway. Smaller launch-sized vessels such as SS "Naramata", which is also beached at the same shipyard as "Sicamous", provided passenger service to smaller settlements around the lake, as well as excursions for tourists. The other two luxury-class vessels were and . The first-class saloon from the top aft deck of "Okanagan" is also preserved in the park and awaiting funds for restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19884491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884491" title="Ramón Ávila">
Ramón Ávila

Ramón Patricio Ávila Castro (born February 20, 1982 in Talca, Chile) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays as a forward for Rangers de Talca.
Club career.
Ávila played in the Colo Colo youth teams before joining Rangers in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19884549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884549" title="Herber Barrera">
Herber Barrera

Herber Antonio Barrera Romero (born April 28, 1987 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer.
Club career.
Barrera started his career at third division side Topiltzín, with whom he clinched promotion to the Second division in 2005. In 2007 he stepped back to the third division and joined Espíritu Santo and made his debut in the Salvadoran Premier League with Luís Ángel Firpo in 2008. In summer 2010 he was out of contract with Firpo, with Atletico Balboa and Atletico Marte interested, but Barrera rejected Balboa and Marte did not have the money to sign him.
International career.
Barrera made his debut for El Salvador in a July 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup match against Canada, coming on as a late substitute for Williams Reyes. As of January 2011, this has been his only international match.

</doc>
<doc id="19884621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884621" title="Christian Sánchez (Salvadoran footballer)">
Christian Sánchez (Salvadoran footballer)

Christian Alexander Sánchez Viscarra (born May 15, 1983 in Sonsonate, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Alianza FC in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Sánchez started his career at Salvadoran second division side A.D. Municipal de Juayúa before moving to hometown club Sonsonate in 2001. He joined Alianza for the 2003 Apertura championship and moved on to Luis Ángel Firpo before the 2006 Clausura. Rejoined Alianza at the start of the 2012 Clausura and signed for two seasons.
Sánchez played for Luis Ángel Firpo in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19884659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884659" title="TV 2 Sonen 24/7">
TV 2 Sonen 24/7

TV 2 Sonen 24/7 was a Norwegian interactive television channel based on a show on TV 2 and TV 2 Zebra where viewers could communicate with the host via SMS. play games and request songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19884662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884662" title="Guia Circuit">
Guia Circuit

The Guia Circuit, or Circuito da Guia, is a street circuit located at the southeast region of the Macau Peninsula in Macau, China. It is the venue of the prestigious Macau Grand Prix and Guia Race of Macau. The circuit consists of long straights and tight corners, and features the characteristics of a typical street circuit - narrow, bumpy and limited overtaking opportunities. However, there are two special features that can rarely be found in other street circuits - variation in altitude (over 30m between highest and lowest point of the circuit) and an ultra long main straight that allows top speed of 260 km/h on F3 cars. As a result, the circuit is recognised as one of the most challenging circuits in the world in terms of both driving and tuning, as cars have to maintain competitive speed to overcome hill-climbing, twisty corners and long straights in a single lap.
History.
The Guia Circuit was originally conceived in 1954 as a route for treasure hunt around the streets of the city, but shortly after the event it was suggested that the hunt's track could host an amateur racing event for local motor enthusiasts. Since 1967, with the introduction of a motorcycle race, the track has become a venue for both motorcycle and car racing events.
Layout.
Unlike other regular racing tracks in the world, the layout of the Guia Circuit has not been modified since its first event in 1954 (the pit and paddock complex has been relocated to the present location since 1993, but the layout of the circuit has not been changed). The narrowest part of the track has a width of merely 7m, which is located at the Melco Hairpin. The whole length of the circuit is safely bounded by Armco barriers painted in black and yellow stripes. There used to be a gravel trap near the Reservoir Bend but since the pit and paddock complex was moved to the present location, this feature has been removed.
Racing Events.
The circuit is unique for its combination of motorcycle and car racing events within the same race weekend. The Macau Motorcycle GP, the Guia Race (WTCC final rounds since 2005) and the Macau Formula 3 GP are the highlights of the race weekend. In addition, various kind of racing events are organized for competition between local and regional (Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, South East Asia, etc.) enthusiasts.
Grandstands.
There are two major grandstands around the circuit for spectators to watch live racing - the main grandstand along the pit straight and the other one at the Lisboa Bend. The Lisboa Bend is the most famous spot of excitement as it offers the only possible overtaking opportunity at the end of the main straight. On the other hand, it is also notorious for massive pile-ups on opening laps due to its 90-degree turn configuration and its significant reduction in track width. As a result the ticket price for a seat at the Lisboa Bend is much higher than that of a seat at the main grandstand. But as with most street circuits there are many people who stand or sit next to the track or on bridges and fly overs.

</doc>
<doc id="19884690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884690" title="1992 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1992 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1992 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 60th in the league. The team fought through adversity from the outset and improved upon their previous output of 10–6, winning eleven games and returning to the playoffs after a year out. 
After winning four in a row and five of their last six regular-season games, the Birds kept the momentum going and posted their first playoff victory since the 1980 NFC Championship Game, topping the Saints in New Orleans in the first round.
Season highlights included: the first 4–0 start since going 6–0 to begin the 1981 campaign, a home shutout of the Denver Broncos on September 20, a memorable seven-play goal-line stand in a 7–3 win over the Cardinals on October 25, a come-from-behind 47–34 win over the New York Giants at the Meadowlands (which included a Vai Sikahema punt return for a touchdown and his iconic boxing with the padding at the base of the goal posts), and safety Eric Allen batting away a Mark Rypien pass at the goal line to seal a playoff-spot-clinching 17–13 decision against the Washington Redskins on December 20.
Offseason.
NFL Draft.
The Eagles had a 10–6 record in 1991 and tied with three other teams. Because of this they selected the 16th to 20th pick on a rotating basis in the 12 rounds. They traded away their 1st round pick earlier and was made by the Dallas Cowboys. With their pick in the second round they chose Siran Stacy, a running back out of the University of Alabama. The Eagles selected 12 players over the 12 rounds.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with.
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away.

</doc>
<doc id="19884734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884734" title="Ponponio Lupugeyun">
Ponponio Lupugeyun

Ponponio", aka "Pomponio and Lupegeyun (c. 1799 – 1824), was the leader of a band of Native American fugitives in California who called themselves "Los Insurgentes" and who rebelled against Mexican rule and the mission system in California. Under his organization they raided settlements between the areas of modern day Sonoma and Soledad in the early 19th century. 
Pomponio State Beach, Pomponio Creek, south of San Gregorio, and the Pomponio Trail in Pescadero Creek Park, San Mateo County, were named for him.
Early years.
Ponponio was a Coast Miwok from the Guaulen local tribe area of present-day Bolinas according to sources that reference the early Franciscan mission records. He was born to Francisco (Tabaland Antonia (Juniela) about 1799 with the native name "Lupegeyun" (or "[Supugeyun"). He was baptized at the Mission Dolores in San Francisco in 1803, and given the Spanish name "Ponponio". The mission recorder noted he was about four years old ("como 4"), when he was baptized. The mission records spell his name "Ponponio". Later historians such as Hurt spell it "Pomponio". 
By legend Ponponio was also rumored to be "the bravest and most fearsome of the Cainameros tribe" which was a reference to the Southern Pomo of present-day Sonoma County, California.
Another non-mission source identifies him as an Ohlone from south of the Golden Gate, although this seems a legend without supporting documentation.
He may have at some time served the Mission San Rafael Arcángel as an alcade.
Rebel years.
Ponponio fled the mission and began raids against scattered ranches and missions about 1818. In the summer of 1823, his main camp was somewhere in the area of present day Upper Alpine Road, San Mateo County. A cave "once called Ponponio's Cave" at the headwaters of Pomponio Creek, near Devils Canyon Falls, was said to have been his headquarters.
Originally, much of Ponponio's legend was assembled from unreliable, anecdotal sources. One romantic, fictionalized account of his life has Ponponio cutting off his own heels to escape from captivity. The origin of this story may be that a lieutenant of Ponponio's band, one Gonzalo from Carmel, was captured and put in irons, and was reported to have cut off both heels to escape. The historical account continues saying that after a career as a robber, Gonzalo asked Ponponio to bring a priest to make his dying confession. Rather than have a priest hear anything not to his (Pomponio's) benefit, Ponponio ran him through with a lance. Ponponio gave similar treatment to another of his lieutenants named Baltasar.
Ponponio raided far from his home vicinity of the Pescadero and San Gregorio Creeks. 
He was captured by a party of four soldiers near San Rafael and tried by court martial in Monterey, and shot on February 6, 1824. The mission records also note this "Alcabucaron...por sentencia de un consejo de Guerra formado en el mismo Presidio."

</doc>
<doc id="19884762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884762" title="Kaikinetsu">
Kaikinetsu

The album features three top-ten hit singles. Among them, "Haru Nanoni" was recorded by pop idol Yoshie Kashiwabara in 1983. It became Kashiwabara's most successful single after her breakthrough "Hello Goodbye", peaking at #6 on the Japanese Oricon chart. Nakajima's contribution won the 25th Japan Record Awards for the "Best Songwriting Prize". "Lonely Canary" is one of Kashiwabara's subsequent materials written by Nakajima, released in 1985 and charted at #9. The lead-off track "Kōsa ni Fukarete" was recorded by Shizuka Kudō and released as a single 2 months before "Kaikinetsu" came out. Nakajima had previously contributed the lyrics for her records, including two chart toppers "Fu-Ji-Tsu" and "Mu-Go,n...Iroppoi". "Kōsa ni Fukarete" also reached the summit of the Oricon shortly after its release, becoming the fifth of Kudo's eight consecutive #1 hit singles. In Japan, it became one of the biggest hits of 1989 with sales of over 580,000 copies, winning the 4th RIAJ Gold Disc Awards for "The Best Five Singles of Year" category.
Following the smash hit single interpreted by Kudo, "Kaikinetsu" sold better than other Nakajima's albums released in the late 1980s. On the Japanese Oricon Year-end chart of 1990, it was placed at the 99th best-selling album.
Track listing.
All songs arranged by Ichizō Seo

</doc>
<doc id="19884789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884789" title="Soldiers Sortie">
Soldiers Sortie

Soldiers Sortie () is a 2007 Chinese TV drama based on a novel by Lan Xiaolong. It was co-produced by the 8-1 Film Studio, Chengdu Military Region Television Arts Center, Huayi Brothers Film Investment Co. Ltd., and Yunnan TV Station. The production cast includes Kang Honglei as director, Wu Yi as producer, Qian Zhang as chief producer, and Lan Xiaolong as script writer.
Leading character.
Private, Non-commissioned Officer (Class 1) later, Xu, San-duo (许三多).
Cast by Wang Baoqiang (王宝强).
Important supporting characters.
Private, NCO (Class 1) later, Cheng, Cai (成才).
Cast by Chen Sicheng (陈思成)
NCO (Class 2), NCO (Class 3) later, Wu, Liu-yi (伍六一).
Cast by Xing Jiadong (邢佳栋).
NCO (Class 3), Shi, Jin (史今).
Cast by Zhang Yi (张译).
NCO (Class 3), Lao Ma (老马).
Cast by Fan Lei (范雷).
Captain, later Major, Gao Cheng (高城).
Cast by Zhang Guoqiang (张国强).
Lieutenant Colonel, Yuan, Lang (袁朗).
Cast by Duan Yihong (段奕宏).
Lieutenant Commander, Wu, Zhe (吴哲).
Cast by Li Chen (李晨).
Captain, Qi, Huan (齐桓).
Cast by Gao Feng (高峰).
Other soldiers included:
Plot.
In the beginning, Xu San-duo was a shy village boy. He used to be bullied by almost every one in his small village. San-duo's father was disappointed at him for being weak and made San-duo through cursing and beating.
One day, Shi Jin, a Non-Commissioned Officer from the People's Liberation Army, appeared in San-duo's village as a recruiting officer. Under the sincere request by San-duo's father, Shi Jin accepted San-duo to give him a chance to change. Shi Jin also recruited Cheng Cai, so Xu San-duo and Cheng Cai went to the boot camp together.
In the boot camp, San-duo's performance was terrible and he was immature. San-duo's poor performance made his squad become the worst one in the boot camp. Captain Gao, the commanding officer of the 7th Company of Regiment 702 and the course officer of the boot camp, did not like San-duo. Also, NCO Wu Liu-yi, an elite soldier and the second in command of San-duo's squad, tried his best to train San-duo but ended in disappointment. San-duo and Cheng Cai became friends in the boot camp even though Cheng Cai used to bully San-duo back in the village they were from.
San-duo completed his training in the boot camp and was dispatched to the 5th Squad of the 3rd Company of Regiment 702, a squad stationed at a desolate fuel outpost. Although Shi Jin, the recruiter, attempted to take San-duo to his own squad, but was disapproved by Capt. Gao.
Cheng Cai, the other boy who was enlisted together with San-duo, was sent to the 7th Company (as known as "the Steel 7th Company" due to its highly decorated history). That was because the boot camp's course officer, Gao, appointed few top trainees for his own company, and Cheng Cai was one of them.
The base of the 5th Squad was located on a remote grassland, so the members (including their squad leader, NCO Ma) felt that they were a "forsaken team" and lost their discipline. They felt uncomfortable when San-duo kept maintaining his discipline that he had learned from the boot camp. San-duo kept his routine physical exercises and drills even there was no supervision in the desolated 5th Squad.
The soldiers of the 5th Squad wanted San-duo to be out of their sight and told him to do anything he wanted but not to bother them. Ma gave San-duo an idea of building a pathway between the barrack and the post of the 5th Squad, where there were no pedestrian roads. San-duo's effort initially looked funny to the other soldiers, but later they were all moved by San-duo's attitude, energy, and persistence. They eventually joined in the building of the roads with rocks and made a red star in the intersection. Their effort was spotted by a military helicopter and caught some attention from the headquarter of Regiment 702.
One day, Zhang, a military journalist from Regiment 702, was sent to interview the 5th Squad. Ma told Zhang the story about San-duo, and Zhang told the Commanding Officer of Regiment 702 San-duo's story when he went back to the headquarters. 
The Regiment's CO, Colonel Wang, was surprised at the story and arranged a meeting with San-duo. Col. Wang asked San-duo to talk about himself, but San-duo was nervous and speechless. 
In the colonel's office, a Type 90 armored personnel carrier model caught San-duo's eyes. Wang noticed that and told San-duo that he would give him the APC model if San-duo did something meaningful. Also, the regiment leader decided to send San-duo to the motorized infantry company - Steel 7th Company. 
Gao refused to accept San-duo to his company, but Shi Jin, who recruited San-duo to the boot camp, convinced Gao to give San-duo a chance. Finally, Gao agreed reluctantly.
During their training, San-duo felt motion sickness when he and his teammates were riding on a real APC. It made Captain Gao outraged, so San-duo tried hard to overcome this weakness until Gao recognized San-duo's efforts. 
Unfortunately, after over a year with San-duo in his squad, Shi Jin, now a Class 3 NCO, had to be released because the duration of his contract of service had exceeded that in the regulations of PLA. Moreover, his degradation of performance was another reason for his discharge.
Shi was honorably discharged from the army. San-duo did not want letting Shi go. Shi's right hand man and best friend, Liu-yi, felt that San-duo occupied too much time of Shi Jin in the training and caused his discharge. Liu-yi became more hostile toward San-duo.
Gao wanted San-duo to learn more and grow up, so he made San-duo to take Shi's place. San-duo became the acting squad leader of the 3rd Squad, although his rank didn't change.
A newly founded SOF unit, A-Unit, participated in a military exercise with Regiment 702 as the opposing force. During the battle, Cheng Cai showed his talent in marksmanship. Also, San-duo captured A-Unit's ground leader, Lieutenant Colonel Yuan. San-duo could not have done so without the exercises he had on his own.
After that exercise, Cheng Cai thought that there were too many competitors in the 7th Company and decided to be transferred to the 3rd Company for easier chance of promotion. His decision and action shocked the squad and hurt Gao who always liked him.
The entire PLA was undergoing a reform for the new era of warfare in order to improve combat efficiency. The entire Regiment 702 was ordered to be set as an example to the rest of the T-Division.
The 7th Company had all the best soldiers in the Regiment 702 (which had caused an uneven distribution of force as a whole), so they were ordered to be reorganised, which means to give up their resources, to re-dispatch their personnel, and to disband. All of men in the company were dispatched to other units; however, San-duo and Gao had to stay and guard their empty barrack and equipments. 
Gao was heartbroken when the last platoon of the 7th Company left. 
San-duo kept the barrack clean and continued training by himself as he did in the 5th Squad of 3rd Company. Day by day, Gao was moved by San-duo's positive attitude and tenacity because he had always looked down upon San-duo before.
San-duo and Gao were chosen to stay for special reasons. One day, an order from the high-up was sent to Col. Wang to promote Gao as the Division Recon Battalion Second In Command. Gao was then promoted to the rank of Major.
Before Gao moved to his new position, he confessed to Wang that he underestimated San-duo and said: "...he (San-duo) takes everything as a life saver, things that everybody else ignores and things that are as minuscule as grass. He is now grown up. I now realize that whatever he grasped wasn't grass, but a tree as high as the sky." He proposed to take San-duo with him, but Wang did not approve.
Gao accepted San-duo as one of his most trusted soldiers.
Liu-yi (the best of the former Steel 7 Company and most respected man by Gao) was asked to visit San-duo by Gao's demand because San-duo is the only one who was left behind to guard the empty barracks of the 7th company. 
Liu-yi found that San-duo was confused about his future. San-duo told Liu-yi that the human resources department told him that he will be promoted to NCO if he extend his service contract, but his father asked him to go home. He was unable to make the decision. Liu-yi helped San-duo to find out what he wants. Then, Liu-yi helped him to tell his father that it was better to let him stay in the army. San-duo was promoted to Class 1 NCO for extend his service period in the army.
One day, a colonel, the CO of A-Unit, came to Col. Wang's office and wanted to pick some soldiers through a screening process.
Gao came, too and saw that Liu-yi wasn't in the best condition. San-duo told Gao that Liu-yi's back pain was bothering him, so Gao gave Liu-yi a bottle of medicine to relief his back pain.
When San-duo went back to his room during a break, he was sneaked and jumped by a man he knew - Lieutenant Colonel Yuan Lang. He told San-duo that his team is looking for new members. Yuan invited San-duo to participate the test that Unit A set up, he claimed that he only wants the first three of the candidates from the contest.
There a lot of soldiers eager to participate the contest. The contest was conduct by both Yuan's men from the Unit A and Gao's men from reconnaissance battalion. During the contest, San-duo teamed up with Cheng Cai. Many ex-members of the 7th company still regarded Cheng Cai as a betrayer, but they let Cai come with them anyways.
The contest was not easy: in 72 hours, the candidates had to steal a map from a heavy fortified camp site that guarded by Yuan's men. They also had to avoid being arrest by Gao's patrols. A lot of candidates even cannot "survive" more than 10 seconds from the start due to "heavy fire" from both Yuan's and Gao's men's sniping posts, but San-duo's team overcame the difficulties and got the map. Liu-yi injured his leg in the contest at the very last moment, so San-duo carried him while Cheng Cai provide fire cover. They were rushing to the finish line, but San-duo had not enough stamina to dash for finish while carrying Liu-yi. They saw a candidate reached the line, and that mean only two vacancies left. Cheng-cai began to run to the line because there are few teams in the sight and they may take the places. Liu-yi thought that it was meaningless to carry him to the finish line and forced himself to quit because he didn't want San-duo to carry him while other competitors were catching up. San-duo left Liu-yi to Yuan's medics to reach the line after Cheng Cai. At the end of the contest, San-duo, Cheng Cai, and the third man (who did not join Unit A after the contest) were the only few candidates able to reach the finish line. 
San-duo blamed Cheng Cai for abandoning Liu-yi in the last moment. Although from 7th-company, Cheng Cai did not follow the creed - Never Abandon, Never Give Up. They later visited Liu-yi in the hospital and overheard that Liu-yi's leg won't fully recover.
San-duo and Cai followed Yuan to the Unit A. Just before their departure, Wang gave San-duo his APC model which caught San-duo's eye during their meeting two years ago. When they arrived at the base of the Unit A, they are surprised all of the members are officers because they were the only two members with NCO's rank.
In the first day, they met fellow trainees and also their roommates Wu Zhe, a young Lieutenant Commander from the Navy, and a paratrooper named Tuo Yong-Gang. They became friends on the first day. The trainees were called by their numbers instead of names. Xu San-duo was the last one - 42.
The selection process wasn't easy, and there were some candidates failing everyday. Tuo Yong-Gang was the first out because he challenged Yuan during in the fire range and lost on the bet where Yuan scored a 25/25 whereas the candidates only got 3 or 4 out of 25. Yuan cannot accepted a man with hot temper in his team. There were only 8 or 9 out of 42 made through the 3 month training, both Xu San-duo and Cheng Cai were among them.
Although Yuan told the remaining candidates that they were accepted as a member of the Unit A, there was a final test ahead, but no one knew about it. One day, Yuan told them to get ready to deploy into a chemical factory to eliminate a group of terrorists who claimed to have weapons of mass destruction. The deployment became chaos and the candidates' team members were out of contact. All candidates believed that they were in a real situation.
San-duo showed amazing abilities by sneaking into the location where the "weapons of mass destruction" were and "destroyed" it after he "lost" all of his teammates. 
Wu Zhe saw some evidences showing that the operation wasn't real, but he still participated in it until he was "killed".
In other hands, Cheng Cai, the best trainee, gave up right after he thought his teammates were "died". 
During evaluation, Yuan gave a heart-pound talk to Cheng Cai and revealing that Cai treats everyone else as his competitor and getting ahead was his only focus in life. Cai failed to recall the creed from "Steel" 7th Company when asked by Yuan Lang, and Cheng Cai was convinced that he had treated everyone in a "cold" way ever since enlisting. Yuan said, "To you (Cai), the 'Steel' 7th company is nothing more than a stop, you will move on when you find a better place if you later find another better stop, then the Unit A will be just another stop of yours. We can't go with comrades like you to the battlefield..."
Cai was dismissed and sent back to the 5th Squad of the 3rd Company of Regiment 702. 
San-duo knew that Cheng Cai loves sniping, but there was no sniper rifle issue for the 5th squad, so San-duo bought a sniper rifle scope and gave it to Cheng Cai as a farewell gift.
The training with the Unit A continued day by day.
During an ambush against armed drug-smuggling groups, San-duo killed a female drug smuggler. San-duo felt guilty of it, and he could carry on his morale after returning to base. After hearing that San-duo wanted to go back home, Yuan gave San-duo a 30-day vacation to explore the world outside the forces before making the final decision. Yuan let San-duo to have his own way to cure his inside pain.
San-duo left his barrack and went to the cities. He changed clothes and tried to act as a normal civilian but he still caught the attention from people passing by. San-duo realized that he is somewhat different from the people outside no matter how he acted, so he gave up, put back on his uniform, and went to his previous unit, Regiment 702, to visit his former comrades. Unfortunately, all his friends were transferred.(He didn't know that most of the ex-7th Company members were transferred and became Gao's men.) 
San-duo met the newly promoted Maj, the former Politruk of the 3rd Company. San-duo later learned that Liu-yi was discharged after San-duo and Cheng Cai went to the Unit A. The CO of the 1st Company, his neighbor, handed San-duo a letter from Liu-yi while they were having dinner together.
Although San-duo didn't talk much about his trauma after killing the smuggler. He soon realized that San-duo needed to see someone to help him. He called San-duo's former superior, Gao, possibly the only one able to talk him out of stress. Gao sent two ex-roommates of San-duo to bring him over. Gao didn't say much when San-duo arrived at his training site. 
Gao told San-duo that they were going to make a stop at Cheng Cai's barrack for the night. Cheng Cai impressed Gao's Recon Unit after beating them in a shooting contest with the Type-81 rifle (with San-duo's scope taped on it) whereas Gao's men used the newest QBZ-95 rifle. After that, Cheng Cai met Gao who was still disappointed with him, but the two men got themselves straightened out after Cheng Cai admitted that he was wrong for leaving the "Steel" 7th Company.
Gao later shouted at San-duo to motivate him. San-duo was cheered up and decided to go back to A-Unit. Gao said that life is full of problems overlapped with other problems, and you can't be ready for all of them, so you might just move forward to solve them one by one along the way.
When they were talking, a bad news from San-duo's family arrived. San-duo learned that his home had an accident when his father got into trouble with some dynamite (for mining) that exploded and injure the neighbors. San-duo went back to his home and saw that it was destroyed. His father was sent to jail, and his brothers could not see hope to restore their home. San-duo had to seek help from the Unit A and borrowed RMB¥200,000 from almost every one in the base with the help of his CO Yuan Lang. San-duo insisted on repaying his comrades with his salary over a period of 17 years although some members of the Unit A said there was no need to return the money.
Cheng Cai once again joined A-Unit after being recommended by Gao, but Yuan was upset because he had not found a single thing he appreciated in Cheng Cai. San-duo tried to persuade Yuan and told him that Cheng Cai had changed and was no longer arrogant and self-oriented as before. Yuan gave Cheng Cai a chance in the end.
The story concluded in a training exercise called "Operation Silence" where Cheng Cai proved to Yuan that his is a worthy member of the Unit A after defeating Maj. Gao's team. San-duo was happy to know that things were getting better for his friend.
There are no female characters in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19884792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884792" title="Australian Newsagents' Federation">
Australian Newsagents' Federation

Australian Newsagents' Federation is a trade association representing newsagents in Australia.
In 2013, the Queensland Newsagents Federation and some other state newsagents associations merged into the national organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19884795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884795" title="Ric Estrada">
Ric Estrada

Ric Estrada (February 26, 1928 – May 1, 2009) was a Cuban American penciler of comic books for companies including the major American publisher DC Comics. He also worked in comic strips, political cartoons, advertising, storyboarding, and commercial illustration.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Ric Estrada was born in Havana, Cuba. He made his first professional sale, an illustration used on the cover of the Cuban magazine "Bohemia", at the age of 13. Estrada attended the University of Havana. Through his uncle, Sergio Carbo, Estrada met writer Ernest Hemingway; the two men facilitated Estrada's move to New York City in 1947 to further his artistic studies and start a career. Estrada there attended the New York Art Students League, New York University, and the School of Visual Arts. Estrada's first New York home was in Greenwich Village where he met fellow artists such as Lee J. Ames, Dan Barry, Sy Barry, Frank Frazetta, Andre LeBlanc, Mort Meskin, Pete Morisi, Don Perlin and George Roussos.
Comic books.
In the 1950s, Estrada penciled and inked "Bunker", the first comic-book story to feature an African-American hero, and "Rough Riders". Both stories were for the EC Comics series "Two-Fisted Tales". He drew for Dell Comics, Hillman Periodicals, St. John Publications, and Ziff-Davis. In 1967 and 1968, he drew stories for Warren Publishing's black-and-white horror comics magazine "Eerie".
Much of Estrada's comic-book career was spent working for DC Comics. Though superheroes were not his preference Estrada worked on Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Wonder Girl, and Richard Dragon, and he co-created Lady Shiva and Power Girl. Estrada drew detective comics, romance comics, war comics and a few horror stories for DC. In 1976, Estrada's work was in such high demand from DC that he illustrated the premiere issues of "six" separate titles that year: "All Star Comics", "Blitzkrieg", "Freedom Fighters", "Isis", "Karate Kid", and "Super Friends".
Estrada's preference was for the war stories. Among the war titles he worked on for DC Comics was "G.I. Combat", for which he illustrated a number of stories in the ongoing features "Blitzkrieg" and "Robert Kanigher's Gallery of War", both written by Robert Kanigher.
While working on "G.I. Combat" #169, Estrada filled a page shortage with an account from the "Book of Ether", a short book of scripture contained in the Book of Mormon. That story came to the attention of Hugh W. Pinnock, who was in charge of creating a comic-style adaptation of the New Testament for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and in 1980 Estrada drew all the pictures for that book.
Comic strips and animation.
Estrada drew the "Flash Gordon" syndicated newspaper comic strip in sporadic stints during from the 1950s to the 1970s. In the 1980s, he collaborated on the animated television series "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe", "Galtar", "The New Adventures of Jonny Quest", and "Bionic Six".
Death.
Estrada died May 1, 2009, at 81, after a lengthy battle with prostate cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19884811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884811" title="Married Accommodation Project">
Married Accommodation Project

Consequent to the promise made to the Indian Armed Forces by the Government of India, the Married Accommodation Project, or MAP, was begun to construct married accommodation for the three services, with a view to remove over a period of time the complete deficiency of married accommodation for service personnel of the Indian Armed Forces.
A separate Directorate General Married Accommodation Project(DG MAP) was raised on 31 May 2002 by the Government of India under the aegis of Engineer-in-Chief for this purpose, subsequent to the Prime Minister's of India announcement on 15 Aug 2001.
With a mandate to construct 300,000 dwelling units, it is one of the largest construction endeavours in the world.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19884820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884820" title="St. Anthony-Chapel">
St. Anthony-Chapel

The St. Anthony-Chapel is located in Kornelimünster/Walheim, a district of the German city of Aachen.
The chapel was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake before consecration. "Charles Ludwig von Sickingen-Ebernburg", the abbot of the abbey at Kornelimünster later ordered to rebuild the damaged unfinished building. The work was completed in 1781 and the chapel consecrated in the same year to Anthony of Padua by the administrator of the abbey "Charles Caspar von der Horst".
The St. Anthony-Chapel is part of a circle of five chapels built around the abbey as the central church of Kornelimünster.

</doc>
<doc id="19884826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884826" title="C More Film">
C More Film

C More Film was a Scandinavian television channel that showed movies from the 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s. 
The sister channel, C More Film 2, started in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19884849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884849" title="Scotton, Lincolnshire">
Scotton, Lincolnshire

Scotton is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district Lincolnshire, England. It is situated south from Scunthorpe, north-west from Market Rasen, and south from the larger village of Scotter. The western boundary of the parish is formed by part of the A159 Gainsborough to Scunthorpe road. 
The 2001 Census recorded a population of 531 for the parish.
The ecclesiastical parish is in the Church of England Diocese of Lincoln, Archdeaconry of Stow and Manlake Deanery. The church is dedicated to St Genewys. Historically, the parish was in the wapentake of Corringham, and following the Poor Law reforms of the early 19th century was placed in the Gainsborough Poor Law Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19884895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884895" title="Ross Jamison">
Ross Jamison

Ross Jamison (born 19 March 1990 in Wales) is a Hong Kong racing driver of British descent. He is the champion of the Formula BMW Pacific series in 2008.
Ross started racing in Formula BMW in 2007. He was one of the five scholarship winners and finished second in the Rookie Cup and fifth overall.
He continued in Formula BMW in 2008 and clinched the championship in Shanghai, with two races to spare.
Ross took part in his first ever race in Macau in 2008. He qualified 4th and finished 16th after an accident with teammate Alex Sims at Lisboa corner.
Personal life.
Ross studied at King George V School in Kowloon, Hong Kong. His father is a captain with Cathay Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="19884956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884956" title="Lisa Shaffer">
Lisa Shaffer

Lisa Shaffer is an American country music singer. Formerly signed to Lyric Street Records, she released her debut single, "Just One," in May 2007. The song peaked at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. She is an alumna of Northern Kentucky University.

</doc>
<doc id="19884971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884971" title="Chandrayaan-2">
Chandrayaan-2

Chandrayaan-2 ( ), is India's second lunar exploration mission. Developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), the mission is planned to be launched to the Moon by a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV), includes a lunar orbiter, a lander and a lunar rover, all developed by India. India is gearing up to launch Chandrayaan-2 by end of 2016 or beginning of 2017. 
According to ISRO, this mission will use and test various new technologies and conduct new experiments. The wheeled rover will move on the lunar surface and will pick up soil or rock samples for on-site chemical analysis. The data will be relayed to Earth through the Chandrayaan-2 orbiter.
History.
On November 12, 2007, representatives of the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roskosmos) and ISRO signed an agreement for the two agencies to work together on the Chandrayaan-2 project. ISRO would have the prime responsibility for the orbiter and rover, while Roskosmos was to provide the lander.
The Indian Government approved the mission in a meeting of the Union Cabinet held on 18 September 2008 chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The design of the space craft was completed in August 2009, with scientists of both countries conducting a joint review.
Although ISRO finalized the payload for Chandrayaan-2 per schedule, the mission was postponed, and rescheduled to 2016 because Russia was unable to develop the lander on time. Later Roscosmos withdrew in wake of the failure of the Russian Phobos-Grunt mission to Mars, reason being technical aspects connected with the Phobos-Grunt mission were also used in the lunar projects, which need to be reviewed. When Russia cited its inability to provide the lander even by 2015, India decided to develop the lunar mission independently.
Design.
The mission is planned to fly on a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mk-II (GSLV) with an approximate lift-off mass of 2,650 kg from Satish Dhawan Space Center on Sriharikota Island.
ISRO will design the orbiter, which will orbit the Moon at an altitude of 200 km. The mission would carry five instruments on the orbiter. Three of them are new, while two others are improved versions of those flown on Chandrayaan-1 orbiter. The approximate launch mass will be 1,400 kg.
Unlike Chandrayaan-1's lunar probe, which impacted the Moon's surface, the lander will make a soft landing. The approximate mass of the lander and rover is 1,250 kg. Initially, the lander was slated to be developed by Russia in collaboration with India. When Russia stated its inability provide the lander to meet even the revised time frame of 2015, Indian officials decided to develop the lander independently. The cancellation of the Russian lander also meant that mission profile had to be changed. The design of the indigenous lander and the preliminary configuration study has been completed by the Space Applications Centre (SAC) in Ahmedabad.
The rover's mass will be about 30–100 kg and will operate on solar power. The rover will move on wheels on the lunar surface, pick up samples of soil or rocks, perform chemical analysis and send the data to the orbiter above, which will relay it to the Earth station.
The initial plan was for the rover to be designed in Russia and fabricated in India. However, Russia gave up in May 2010 on its plan on designing the rover. Subsequently, ISRO decided on designing and fabricating the rover. IIT Kanpur is developing three subsystems to provide mobility:
Payload.
ISRO has announced that an expert committee has decided on five payloads for the orbiter, and two for the rover. While it was initially reported that NASA and ESA would participate in the mission by providing some scientific instruments for the orbiter, ISRO has later clarified that due to weight restrictions it will not be carrying foreign payloads on this mission.
There are plans to include a seismometer to study Moon-quakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19884979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19884979" title="The Last Producer">
The Last Producer

The Last Producer is a 2000 American drama film directed by and starring Burt Reynolds. It also featured Rod Steiger, Benjamin Bratt and Kim Chase and was the first film directed by Reynolds since 1985's "Stick".
Synopsis.
A washed-up, veteran producer tries to re-enter the movie business by producing a new film. He soon finds it is not as easy as it once was.

</doc>
<doc id="19885101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885101" title="Acharya Kuber Nath Rai">
Acharya Kuber Nath Rai

Acharya Kuber Nath Rai (March 26, 1933 – June 5, 1996) was a writer and scholar of Hindi Literature and Sanskrit.
Early life.
He was born in Matsa village, Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh. He got his education from Banaras Hindu University and Calcutta University.
Career.
Teaching career.
From 1958 to 1986 he was in Nalbari College, Assam as a Lecturer in English Department. From 1986 to 1995 he was in Swami Sahajanand Saraswati PG College, Ghazipur, UP as a Principal. He got the Moortidevi Award from Bharatiya Jnanpith and many awards from UP, WB and Assam Government.
Writing career.
Kuber Nath Rai is one of the writers who dedicated themselves entirely to the form of essay-writing.
His collections of essays "Gandha Madan", "Priya neel-kanti", "Ras Aakhetak", "Vishad Yog", "Nishad Bansuri", "Parna mukut" have enormously enriched the form of essay. A scholar of Indian culture and western literature, he was proud of Indian heritage. His love for natural beauty and Indian folk literatures and preference for agricultural society over the age of machines, his romantic outlook, aesthetic sensibility, his keen eye on contemporary reality and classical style place him very high among contemporary essayists in Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="19885105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885105" title="Getting Better (disambiguation)">
Getting Better (disambiguation)

Getting Better may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19885106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885106" title="List of alumni and faculty of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology">
List of alumni and faculty of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology

This is list of persons affiliated with the Australian university the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) - otherwise referred to as RMIT University in Australia and RMIT International University in Vietnam. It includes alumni, as well as current and former students and faculty, etc.
Entertainment and media.
Note: RMITV is a department of the RMIT University Student Union, which offers training accredited by RMIT.
Health and sports.
Note: RMIT offers degrees in applied sciences of health and life, but does not have a medical school.
References.
Texts:
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19885113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885113" title="1999 Poolrite GTP Bathurst Showroom Showdown">
1999 Poolrite GTP Bathurst Showroom Showdown

The 1999 Poolrite GTP Bathurst Showroom Showdown was an endurance race for GT Production Cars.
The event was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales on 13 November 1999 over a three hour duration. 
The race was won by Mazda RX-7 drivers Terry Bosnjak and Mark Williamson.
Class structure.
The field was divided into the following six classes: 

</doc>
<doc id="19885116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885116" title="Riparius Bridge">
Riparius Bridge

The Riparius Bridge is a two lane truss bridge that carries New York State Route 8 across the Hudson River connecting Johnsburg, New York with Chester, New York. It was built in 2003, replacing a similar style camelback truss bridge that had been built in 1919. The new bridge was built to better accommodate vehicles, bicycles, and pedestrians.

</doc>
<doc id="19885157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885157" title="Gompholobium ecostatum">
Gompholobium ecostatum

Gompholobium ecostatum (Dwarf Wedge-pea) is a small shrub which is endemic to Australia. It is a member of the family Fabaceae and of the genus "Gompholobium".
The species is an erect or spreading shrub. The leaves have 3 linear leaflets that are about 10 mm long and 1 mm wide. The flowers, which appear in spring, are deep apricot to red, with a yellow centre. The hairless pods which follow are about 8 mm long.
The species was first formally described by botanist George Bentham in 1864 as "Gompholobium minus" var. "grandiflora" in "Flora Australiensis". It was reclassified as a species in its own right in 1965.
It is found in South Australia, Victoria and on Flinders Island in Tasmania where it is listed as an endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="19885174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885174" title="Leopold Primary School">
Leopold Primary School

Leopold Primary School is a public, primary school located in Leopold, Australia. It is situated on the intersection where Kensington Road meets the Bellarine Hwy. Leopold Primary School accommodates over 700 students in from Prep to Grade Six. The school dates back to 1851 when the Leopold town was first established (previously known as Kensington).
In 2001, the school was found to be on unstable foundations and the occupants of the school were moved to portable classrooms while a new school was being developed on the site. The new school building was opened in 2004. 
In 2010, the construction of a new wing began to support the growing number of students both enrolled and enrolling. This building, which was funding through Kevin Rudd's Building the Education Revolution, opened in 2011. In 2012, it houses the six Prep classrooms as well as welfare and maths support staff.
Leopold Primary School has been a long term supporter of the Sunsmart Program.
Some classes at Leopold Primary School such as 4KM and are involved in educational blogging http://4kmand4kj.global2.vic.edu.au/

</doc>
<doc id="19885180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885180" title="Pentamorphone">
Pentamorphone

Pentamorphone (14β-pentylaminomorphinone, RX-77989) is a semi-synthetic opiate derivative related to compounds such as morphine, hydromorphone and oxymorphone. Developed in 1984, it is a potent opioid analgesic several times stronger than fentanyl, and with a similarly fast onset of effects and short duration of action. It was found to produce relatively little respiratory depression compared to other potent opioid agonists, but its analgesic effects were somewhat disappointing in human trials, and while pentamorphone had some slight advantages over fentanyl these were not sufficient to warrant its introduction into clinical use.

</doc>
<doc id="19885183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885183" title="Petre Melikishvili">
Petre Melikishvili

Petre Melikishvili (Georgian:პეტრე მელიქიშვილი) Georgian chemist (1850–1927). He was the co-founder of Tbilisi State University (TSU) and the first Rector of TSU. 
Biography.
In 1868 he finished Tbilisi First Gymnasium and in 1872 Novorossiya University, faculty of Physics and mathematics, department of Natural Sciences. In 1873 he is abroad were he acquainted "L.Mayer's" and "Vilicenuce's" laboratories. In 1876 he started working in the chemical laboratory of Novorossiya University. In 1881 he became Magister of the chemistry and in 1885 he became Doctor of the Chemistry. 
In 1884 he is a docent and from 1885 until 1917 he was Professor of Novorrossiya University.
Works.
His works in Organic Chemistry developed Stereochemical Theory. Melikishvili discovered one of the class of organic compounds Glycidacids (named by him). The second cycle of his works are about Inorganic Chemistry. Melikishvili with his pupil L. Pizarjevski synthesized superacids of some elements ("U, Nb, Ta, W, Mo, B, Ti, V") (1897–1913). they also showed that from many supposed formulas of Hydrogen Peroxide the correct is "H-O-O-H".
In Tbilisi State University.
Melikishvili has a big merit in creation of Georgian Chemical Terminology. He founded four chemical laboratories and departments of Inorganic, Organic and Agronomic Chemistry in TSU.

</doc>
<doc id="19885212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885212" title="HMS Quebec">
HMS Quebec

Three ships and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Quebec", after the city of Quebec in Canada:
Ships
Shore establishments
formerly

</doc>
<doc id="19885214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885214" title="NSW Business Chamber">
NSW Business Chamber

NSW Business Chamber (formerly Australian Business Limited or ABL) is NSW's peak business organisation providing businesses with information, advice, products and services they need help them maximise their potential. The organisation has a membership of over 14,000 and 119 Chambers of Commerce in NSW and the ACT.
The Chamber's membership represents a broad cross section of Australian industry including the food industry, clothing, chemicals, information technology, health, education and training, textiles, metals, banking and finance, transport and travel.
The current President is Terry Wetherall and the CEO is Stephen Cartwright.
Purpose & Role.
NSW Business Chamber is a not for profit organisation whose purpose is to support the growth and success of the business community in NSW and the ACT and represent and champion the business community's interests and concerns with government.
NSW Business Chamber provides a range of support services for small, medium and large businesses in NSW and the ACT including support and advice in areas such as HR, IR, OHS and payroll. The Chamber also provides legislation and awards updates and a range of events and seminars for business operators to attend to develop skills and get the latest information on changes in the business environment.
The Chamber is also a member of the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Services for Members.
Business Compliance.
<li> Workplace Advice Line 13 29 59<br>
- help with complicated workplace management issues.
<li>Legislation and Awards<br>- regular updates on changes to legislation and employment awards.
<li>Australian Business Lawyers<br>
- legal representation by experts in industrial relations, employment and commercial law.
Business Results.
<li>Business development solutions<br>
- services including seminars, training, templates, DIY resources and consulting.
<li>Business savings<br>
- exclusive business discounts offered only to members.
Business Skills.
<li>Australian Business Limited Apprenticeships Centre
- advice and assistance with Australian Apprenticeships including sign ups and incentive claims.
<li> Small Business Training Company (now trading as Workstar) <br>
- experts in flexible work-based traineeships and short courses.
Business Connections.
<li> Business to business networking events
<li> Membership directory <br>
- online promotion of member's business.
<li> Business Connect magazine <br>
- featuring case studies, regional profiles and updates.
<li> E-News and E-Networking <br>
- legislation and business updates.
<li> Information and "how to" seminars
<li>NSW Business Chamber Awards <br>
- regional and state recognition for business excellence.
Business Representation.
<li>Federal, State and regional lobbying <br>
- cutting red tape and making business easier to do
<li>Australian Business Industrial <br>
- membership to the peak IR council for employers
<li> Defence Industry membership
<li>Australian Business Foundation <br>
- access to ground-breaking, innovative research on business, economic and industry practices.
Business Safety.
<li> OHS management solutions <br>
- create or maintain business OHS systems with up-to-date information, DIY tools, training, templates and consulting.
<li> Training <br>
- includes WorkCover accredited courses (in-house or public).
<li> Diagnostics, workplace risk assessments, system improvement and design
<li> Workers compensation insurance <br>
- exclusive to members, "Business Cover Plus" prodvies critical post accident support.
Business Globally.
<li> International growth specialists <br>
- hands-on, expert assistance with strategies to expand global opportunities.
<li> Tradestart <br>
- offers grants and services to assist new exporters in achieving their first export sale.
<li> TAFTA certificates and other export documents <br>
- a service that makes doing business globally easier.
History.
NSW Business Chamber has undergone a number of name changes and mergers with other business organisations since its founding in 1885 as the Chamber of Manufactures of NSW as it has adapted to the changes in the Australian economy over the past century.
The Chamber of Manufactures of New South Wales was established with the inaugural meeting in August 1885 at Sydney's Town Hall in which the rules and regulations were adopted and Archibald Forsyth was elected as its first president.
The Chamber got off to an initial slow start with its primary supporters focusing most of their efforts on tariff policy lobbying, especially in setting up a "Protection Union", in direct opposition to the "Free Traders" led by Sir Henry Parkes.
The Chamber was finally re-constituted in June 1895 at a meeting at the Hotel Australia. The Chamber abandoned the idea of partisan political lobbying and conscientiously adopted a position of a non-political organisation which has continued to the present day.
In 1912, the Chamber of Manufactures of NSW set up the Manufacturers Mutual Insurance Company (now MMI). The insurance company arm was established primarily to indemnify employers against claims that might be made by their employees who were injured at work, and was in direct response to the new Workmen's Compensation Act of 1910.
The Chamber continued to expand in NSW over the following years opening offices in Newcastle, Lismore, Wollongong and Ballina while pursuing possible amalgamations with other business organisations such as the Australian Chamber of Manufactures and Employer's Federation, most of these options were explored but not acted upon.
In 1995, the Chamber of Manufactures of NSW broke its tie with MMI, selling its shares of the company and changing its name to Australian Business Limited. The sale of MMI shares made Australia Business Limited one of the most well funded business organisations in Australia.
In 2006, Australian Business Limited merged with the State Chamber of Commerce (NSW) to become Australian Business Limited (incorporating the State Chamber of Commerce) then later ABL/State Chamber.
In January 2007, ABL/State Chamber changed its name to the NSW Business Chamber.
Structure & Governance.
NSW Business Chamber's head office is located at North Sydney but it also has regional offices located in the Sydney CBD, Western Sydney (Parramatta), Central Coast (Tuggerah), Mid North Coast (Port Macquarie & Coffs Harbour), Northern Rivers (Ballina), Central West Orana (Orange) and Murray Riverina (Albury). NSW Business Chamber is also affiliated with the Illawarra Business Chamber, Hunter Business Chamber and the Canberra Business Council.
NSW Business Chamber has eight regional advisory councils covering eight regions of NSW including Sydney North, Sydney South, Western Sydney, Central Coast, Mid North Coast, Northern Rivers, Central West Orana and Murray Riverina. Members in each region elect members to the advisory council who in turn elect the general council and governing board including the position of President.
Policy is guided by members of NSW Business Chamber who steer several committees including tax, infrastructure, environment, education and trades, OHS, and international trade.
Senior Management Team.
<li>Stephen Cartwright - Chief Executive Officer
<li>Simon Spicer - Chief Operating Officer/Finance Director
<li>Darren Cocks - Director, Commercial Services
<li>Paul Orton - Director, Policy & Advocacy
<li>Mark Stedfut - General Manager, Membership Services
<li>David Stewart - General Manager, Australian Business HR Solutions
<li>Paula Martin - General Manager, Australian Business Consulting and Solutions
<li>Andrew Williams - General Manager, Australian Business Limited Apprenticeship Centre
<li>Patricia Forsythe - Executive Director, Sydney Business Chamber
<li>Alex Diab - General Manager, Human Resources
<li>Andrea Tustin - Chief Financial Officer
<li>Roger Millar - General Manager, ICT
<li>Damian Kelly - Senior Manager, Public Affairs
<li>Mei Ching Koon - Senior Manager, Corporate Marketing & Communications
Regional Management Team.
<li>Kellon Beard - New England North West/Mid North Coast Regional Manager
<li> Vicki Seccombe - Central West/Orana Regional Manager
<li>Chris Faulks - Canberra Business Council CEO
<li>Ben Foley - Murray Riverina Regional Manager
<li>Debra Murphy - Illawarra Business Chamber CEO
<li>Kristen Keegan - Hunter Business Chamber CEO
<li>John Murray - Northern Rivers Regional Manager
<li>Grant Payne - Sydney South Regional Manager
<li>Eddie Reginato - Sydney North Regional Manager
<li>Geoff Starr - Western Sydney Regional Manager
<li>Michelle Curuso - South Western Sydney Regional Manager
Elected Presidents.
<li>Terry Wetherall - NSW Business Chamber
<li>Sue Baker-Finch - Illawarra Business Chamber
<li>Richard Anicich - Hunter Business Chamber
<li>Brand Hoff - Canberra Business Council
<li>Scott Lennon - Sydney Business Chamber
<li>Wayne Streat - Western Sydney Advisory Council
<li>Kevin Wright - Sydney South Advisory Council
<li>Simon Harrop - Sydney North Advisory Council
<li>Ken Baker - Central Coast Advisory Council
<li>Graham Morgan - Mid North Coast Advisory Council
<li>Donna Kildea - Northern Rivers Advisory Council
<li>Paul Goonan - Murray Riverina Advisory Council
<li>Samantha Hain - Central West Orana Advisory Council
Divisions.
NSW Business Chamber has several divisions that response to key interests of the business community.
Australian Business Solutions Group.
Australian Business Solutions Group is a multi disciplinary professional services consultancy that offers business support in areas of International Trade, Marketing, OHS and HR and IR. It has invested resources and expertise in helping and supporting businesses implement sound HR and IR practices.
Australian Business Solutions Group provides hands on assistance to identify workplace challenges and helps business owners sustain and grow their business through consulting and online solutions development.
Australian Business has a number of products to assist with IR/HR and OHS.
Australian Business Apprenticeships Centre (ABAC).
Australian Business Apprenticeships Centre (ABAC) is one of NSW's most respected and experienced private provider of Australian Apprenticeship services. ABLAC has specialist knowledge, expertise and over ten years' experience in the signup process and ongoing management of apprenticeships and traineeships.
ABAC operates under a contract funded by the Department of Education, Employment and Workplace Relations (DEEWR).
DEEWR supports the Australian Apprenticeships scheme, making funds available for employers, apprentices and trainees. ABLAC administers these funds on their behalf.
ABAC lodge the Training Contracts with the relevant State Training Authority (STA) for approval. The STAs make decisions about cancellations and suspensions and mediate where necessary (ABLAC and other Apprenticeship centres have no jurisdiction over dispute resolution).
Australian Business International Trade Services.
Australian Business International Trade Services is the international arm of the NSW Business Chamber that's role is to stimulate business growth globally.
International Trade Services assists approximately 1,000 businesses each year of all types and sizes in Australia to achieve their international business goals to import, export or establish an on-the-ground presence overseas.
Australian Business Lawyers.
Australian Business Lawyers & Advisors is an award-winning law firm committed to providing practical and innovative advice in workplace relations, corporate and commercial law and property law.
Their head office is located in North Sydney and it has offices in Brisbane, Cairns and Woollongong.
Australian Business Industrial (ABI).
Australian Business Industrial (ABI) is the industrial relations affiliate of NSW Business Chamber. The main purpose of Australian Business Industrial is to develop workplace policy to lead debate on major workplace relations issues.
It has three main functions including:
Sydney Business Chamber.
The Sydney Business Chamber was established in 1825 as the Sydney Chamber of Commerce and is the second oldest business entity in New South Wales. Today it is a division of the NSW Business Chamber.
The Chamber's mission statement is dedicated to the economic wellbeing of Sydney business by promoting freedom of enterprise, sustaining and representing the local, national and global interests of its members and the wider business community, to ensure that Sydney is a strong vibrant economy.
Membership of the Sydney Business Chamber is drawn from the city's corporate business community, covering all industry sectors. The Chamber provides a voice for the business community to influence city, state and national governments.
Chamber members also have access to high level networking events where they can discuss key issues and meet potential clients, suppliers, partners and competitors.
Illawarra Business Chamber.
Illawarra Business Chamber is the region's leading business advocate and is known colloquially as IBC.
IBC is the result of the merger between the Wollongong Chamber of Commerce and the Illawarra office of Australian Business Limited in 1998.
Through its association with the NSW Business Chamber, IBC is able to provide local businesses with a range of business support products and services across the Illawarra region, an area that covers the local government areas of Wollongong, Shellharbour, Kiama, Shoalhaven, and Wingecarribbee.
The Illawarra Business Chamber is represented on the NSW Business Chamber State Council, and in turn at a Federal level through the Australian Chamber of Commerce & Industry (ACCI).
IBC is governed by a Board of Directors elected by members at the annual general meeting in November each year.
Hunter Business Chamber.
Hunter Business Chamber is the independent representative organisation for Australia’s largest regional business community.
The Chamber provides to its 1000 members a comprehensive range of services including lobbying, advocacy, networking and advice including workplace relations, business advice and training.
The Chamber represents NSW Business Chamber in the Hunter and members can access all the resources of this organisation.
Members of the Chamber drive one of the powerhouse economies in Australia and they include some of the most innovative businesses in the nation. They have helped restructure an economy once dependent on just coal and steel into a diverse framework that encourages investment and employment generation.
The Business Chamber support helps create business prosperity and community through a policy and administrative structure that is directed by members through an elected Board of Directors and specialist committees made up of members.
Canberra Business Council.
Canberra Business Council (CBC) is the leading business organisation in the Australian Capital Territory and Capital Region.
It is committed to the economic development and sustainability of the ACT and Capital Region.
Directly through its large individual membership and indirectly, through more than 35 affiliated industry organisations known as Kindred Organisations, the Canberra Business Council represents more than 5,000 businesses across the Capital Region which includes Canberra and the major regional centres of Queanbeyan, Goulburn, Yass, Cooma, Bega, Bateman's Bay and Braidwood.
In 2007 the Council entered into an affiliation arrangement with the NSW Business Chamber which represents over 30,000 businesses in NSW and connects over 100,000 businesses across Australia through the State and Territory Chamber Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19885232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885232" title="Nevada State Bank">
Nevada State Bank

Nevada State Bank is the oldest and largest state-chartered commercial bank in Nevada with assets of more than $4.1 billion. Established in Las Vegas in 1959, Nevada State Bank now has more than 50 branches in 20 communities across the state, and employs more than 850 people. It offers a complete range of consumer, business and private banking services. It is a subsidiary of Salt Lake City-based Zions Bancorporation (Nasdaq: ZION), with affiliates in 10 Western states and assets of more than $51 billion (year-end 2010). 
History.
Nevada State Bank first opened its doors for business on December 9, 1959, making it the oldest state-chartered community bank in Nevada. The bank was organized by a group of 12 business owners, with Charles Lee Horsey Jr. serving as President. The organizing group sold 24,000 shares of stock to local people at $31.25 per share. This gave them $600,000 to put into capital and $150,000 for surplus and reserves. The bank received its official state charter on January 5, 1960. It operated out of one location in downtown Las Vegas until 1974, when it opened its first satellite branch. 
1968 - Reddi Reserve account introduced, giving customers the ability to use a line of credit to cover overdrafts in their checking accounts.
1983 - Eight Docutel Automatic Teller Machines (ATMs) are purchased and installed. The “NSB Money Machine” card is introduced to customers.
1984 - The bank celebrates its Silver Anniversary with a total of five branches and 269 employees.
1985 - Nevada State Bank is purchased by Zions Bancorporation and has operated as an autonomous subsidiary since then.
1989 - Nevada State Bank opens the first supermarket bank branch in the state of Nevada.
July 1997 - It acquires five branches in rural Nevada towns: Eureka, Fernley, Tonopah, Lovelock and Wells.
October 1997 - Nevada State Bank purchases Sun State Bank, giving it three new branches in Southern Nevada.
1998 - Nevada State Bank introduces telephone, online and PC banking, offering clients the ability to bank 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
1999 - Nevada State Bank merges with Pioneer Citizens Bank of Nevada, founded in Reno in 1965. This adds six Northern Nevada branches and six Southern Nevada branches, effectively doubling the size of the bank.
2001 - The bank partners with Ruby Thomas Elementary School, an at-risk Las Vegas-area school. Employees volunteer to help students with schoolwork and raise funds for the school.
2002 - Nevada State Bank introduces Internet bill pay, one of the first banks in the country to offer this service free of charge to non-business clients.
2004 - The bank introduces Reddi-Check, a service that creates images of cleared checks. Clients gain the ability to view images of cleared checks and deposit slips online.
2005 - Nevada State Bank is the first bank in the state to offer Remote Deposits™, enabling companies to scan checks electronically, from anywhere at any time, instead of going to the bank.
January 2006 - The Nevada quarter is launched in a special ceremony on the steps of the Nevada Capitol, as part of the U.S. Mint’s 50 State Quarters Program. Nevada State Bank is the first bank to offer the quarter to the general public as the official “Bank of the Nevada Quarter Launch.” 
September 2008 - Nevada State Bank is selected by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to assume the insured deposits of Silver State Bank. 
April 2009 - Nevada State Bank acquires the banking operations of Great Basin Bank of Nevada in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC. 
August 2009 - Nevada State Bank is chosen to assist the FDIC by acting as Payout Agent in the resolution of Community Bank of Nevada, which was closed by the Nevada Financial Institutions Division. 
December 9, 2009 - Nevada State Bank celebrates its 50th anniversary.
Products and services.
Nevada State Bank is organized into five lines of business, each one serving a different client segment. 
The retail line serves individual consumers and micro-businesses, through more than 50 branches in 20 communities throughout Nevada. It also operates an online banking platform that enables clients to bank from any location with Internet access. The retail line offers a full range of financial services products, including checking and savings accounts, loans and lines of credit, credit cards, and home loans.
Small business banking offers a full range of business services to small business owners and entrepreneurs, including cash management, Small Business Administration (SBA) loans and account analysis.
Corporate banking serves larger business clients with customized banking, special financial services packages and relationship managers who act as liaisons between the client and the bank.
The real estate line provides residential and commercial construction loans and term loans of all sizes.
Executive banking is designed for clients who have attained a significant level of wealth. Executive banking clients are assigned a dedicated relationship manager to assist them with their banking needs.
The Private Bank by Nevada State Bank is an unincorporated division of Nevada State Bank that provides specialized banking services to significant net-worth clients. Nevada State Bank also offers wealth management services through Contango Capital Advisors, Inc., which operates in Nevada as Nevada State Investment Services. Contango Capital Advisors is a registered investment adviser and a nonbank affiliate of Nevada State Bank and a nonbank subsidiary of Zions Bancorporation. 
The Zions Bancorporation relationship.
Nevada State Bank has been an autonomous subsidiary of Zions Bancorporation since 1985. Salt Lake City-based Zions Bancorporation (Nasdaq: ZION) is a bank holding company with assets in excess of $51 billion. Zions is included in the S&P 500 and NASDAQ Financial 100 indices and is a national leader in SBA lending, public finance advisory services and agricultural finance. Zions Bancorporation operates its banking affiliates under local management teams and community identities through more than 500 full-service offices and 600 ATMs in 10 Western states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Washington.
In addition to community banks, Zions Bancorporation affiliates include Contango Capital Advisors, offering wealth management and investment advice, Zions Credit Corporation and Zions Agricultural Finance. 
Zions Bancorporation affiliated banks.
Amegy Bank of Texas, California Bank & Trust, National Bank of Arizona, Nevada State Bank, The Commerce Bank of Oregon, The Commerce Bank of Washington, Vectra Bank Colorado, and Zions Bank (Idaho & Utah)
Community reinvestment.
In a recent audit by the FDIC, Nevada State Bank received an Outstanding rating for its activities supporting the federal Community Reinvestment Act. 
In conjunction with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, the bank participates in the WISH and IDEA grant programs, which offer renters with low-to-moderate incomes the ability to become first-time homebuyers by matching funds for down payments and closing costs. It also participates with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco to fund several large community projects, including one that enabled the Las Vegas Rescue Mission to construct a new dining hall and dormitory. 
The bank’s programs focus on services ensuring that education, affordable housing, human services and recreational activities are available to all residents of Nevada. This is accomplished in a multitude of ways, including monetary contributions, grant sponsorship, city and county projects, and employee volunteerism. 
Online and social media presence.
In addition to its web site, Nevada State Bank sponsors a website that serves as a free clearinghouse and resource center for small businesses and entrepreneurs, including links to webinars, articles, blogs, and other resources designed to provide businesses with the information they need.
Nevada State Bank also maintains a presence on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.

</doc>
<doc id="19885250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885250" title="Ahmed Elmohamady">
Ahmed Elmohamady

Ahmed Eissa Elmohamady Abdel Fattah ( born on 9 September 1987) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League side Hull City and the Egypt national football team. Elmohamady was part of the Egyptian squads that won the 2008 and 2010 Africa Cup of Nations.
Club career.
ENPPI.
Born in Basyoun, Gharbia, Egypt, Elmohamady started his youth career at Ghazl El-Mahalla in 2003. He started to play for the first team in 2004 at the age of 17. Two years later, he joined ENPPI. Although he started his career as a striker with Ghazl El-Mahalla, he played as right wing-back after joining ENPPI. He was selected by the Egyptian national team's manager, Hassan Shehata, for his first international appearance in 2007.
For a long time, Elmohamady attracted the attention of several European clubs. However, ENPPI was reluctant to allow him to move to any of them. In summer 2007, ENPPI turned down an offer from Hertha BSC, because the German side failed to meet the Egyptian club's financial demands. The player refused another bid from Rapid Bucureşti of Romania in 2007.
On 25 November 2008, Elmohamady completed a five-day trial with Premier League side Blackburn Rovers following Rovers' manager Paul Ince's request. Rovers' new manager, Sam Allardyce, sent a senior official to Egypt to initiate talks with the Egyptian club in January 2009. However, the deal fell through as Allardyce believed it would be difficult for Elmohamady to make immediate impact.
Sunderland.
Elmohamady impressed Sunderland manager Steve Bruce while on trial with the Premier League side in August 2009. However on 31 January 2010, Sunderland failed to sign him.
Belgian side Club Brugge were also interested in the player and had, according to ENPPI, already made an offer.
ENPPI accepted loan bids from both West Bromwich Albion and Sunderland for Elmohamady but while West Brom's offer was larger, Elmohamady chose to go to Sunderland, after being on trial.
On 1 July 2010, Elmohamady joined Sunderland after passing medicals for a season-long loan move from ENPPI for a £500,000 fee, with an option of a permanent deal for £2 million next summer.
Elmohamady made his debut for Sunderland in their 2–2 draw with Birmingham City on 14 August 2010. He won Man of the Match for his performances against Arsenal and Manchester City. Due to his impressive start at Sunderland, manager Steve Bruce expressed an interest in signing Elmohamady permanently in the January transfer window.
On 11 March 2011, Sunderland announced that they have taken up the option of a £2 million transfer which was included in the loan agreement, making Elmohamady's contract a permanent one on Wearside. On 9 June 2011, the permanent contract was officially confirmed by Sunderland, with Elmohamady signing a deal which will keep him at the Stadium of Light until 2014. Manager Steve Bruce added, "Ahmed has done well in his first season with the club and has shown plenty of potential. We look forward to helping him grow as a player and I think there is much more to come from him."
Elmohamady started Sunderland's first league game of the 2011–12 season away to Liverpool, and provided the assist for Seb Larsson's debut goal as the Black Cats drew 1–1. He scored his first goal from a header for Sunderland in a 2–2 draw against West Bromwich Albion on 1 October 2011. Elmohamady fell out of favour following the departure of Bruce in December 2011 and has never made a start under his replacement, Martin O'Neill. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Elmohamady had made 18 appearances in the entire season.
Hull City.
On 30 August 2012, Elmohamady moved to Hull City of the Championship on a season-long loan deal, favouring a move which would see him reunited with former Sunderland boss Steve Bruce. On 1 September, he made his debut for the club at the KC Stadium against Bolton Wanderers. On 18 September 2012 he scored his first goal for the club, scoring the first of his sides goals in a 3–2 victory against Leeds United at Elland Road. He also provided two assists during the derby at Elland Road. On 16 January 2013, Sunderland decided to use the recall-clause. On 31 January 2013 he returned to Hull on loan for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. At the annual awards ceremony on 20 April 2013, at the KC Stadium, Elmohamady was voted as the Player of the Year.
After being on loan from Sunderland for the 2012–13 season on 28 June 2013 Elmohamady signed a three-year contract to become a permanent member of the Hull City squad. He made his debut on the first day of the 2013–14 season in a 2–0 loss away at Chelsea. On 21 September 2013 Elmohamady scored his first goal in the 2013–14 Premier League season against Newcastle United.
International career.
Elmohamady played several times for U21 Egypt national football team, and was a participant in 2007 African Youth Championship which was held in Republic of the Congo, he was the rising star of the Egyptian team and one of the stars of the tournament despite his playing out of position as he played forward.
He made his senior international debut in August 2007 at the age of 20, in a friendly against Côte d'Ivoire in Paris and has played eight of Egypt's last nine matches before ACN 2008. He's included in the final squad of Egypt which competed in ACN 2008 in Ghana and grabbed the cup, where he played a role as a substitute. Since then, he reserved his place in the starting line up as a Right-back or Winger. He started all Egypt's six games in the second round of FIFA World Cup 2010 Qualifiers.
In the 2009 Confederations Cup, he was sent off in Egypt's opening game against Brazil for deliberately handling Lúcio's goal-bound effort in the last minute, in an effort to save his team losing in the last minute. This resulted in Brazil going on to score the penalty to win the game by 4–3.
Personal life.
The traditional transliteration of Elmohamady's name is "Ahmed Al-Muhammadi". However, in England, he is officially known as "Elmohamady". Elmohamady is a Muslim.
Honours.
Hull City
Egypt
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="19885252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885252" title="Internet booking engine">
Internet booking engine

An Internet booking engine (IBE) is an application which helps the travel and tourism industry support reservation through the Internet. It helps consumers to book flights, hotels, holiday packages, insurance and other services online. This is a much needed application for the aviation industry as it has become one of the fastest growing sales channels.
IBEs were necessary as the underlying (often called legacy) systems were unable to cater economically for the large number of shopping transactions and the speed of development required by the customers. In most cases the underlying systems were not designed for direct exposure to consumers.
History.
In the early days of American aviation, passengers were very few and the airlines did not fly regularly as at present. Ticket fares were regulated by the Civil Aeronautics Board. All routes, fares and flight schedules were published in the Official Airline Guide and travel agents requested reservations by phone or telex. As the number of passengers flying annually began to grow, this manual system could not cope and the airlines looked at upgrading their method of ticketing.
In 1946 American Airlines were the very first to come out with an automated booking system. This was called the Electromechanical Reservisor which comprised a temporary storage of magnetic drums. The airline’s operators had to do the actual lookups as travel agents could not directly query this system.
1953 marked the birth of complex airline reservation systems when American Airlines launched the SABRE (Semi-Automatic Business Research Environment) reservation system. Next came DATAS by Delta, Apollo by United Airlines and PARS by Trans World Airlines. Eventually these were replaced by complex Computer reservations systems (CRSs). Originally operated by airlines, CRSs were later extended for the use of travel agents who could query the systems and make reservations themselves.
In the early 1980s CRSs were extended with more features and the new systems were able to book and sell tickets for multiple airlines where the earlier CRSs could handle only one. These newly developed systems were called Global Distribution Systems (GDS). Eventually airlines divested their direct holdings in GDS companies, with the notable exception of the Asian carriers who remain owners of the following GDSs: Abacus, Topas, Axess, Infini and Travelsky. In addition Amadeus has Air France/ KLM, Lufthansa and Iberia as minority shareholders.
Through a GDS, travel agents could easily retrieve the information needed about many airlines. They had greater information-searching and booking capabilities.
Yet passengers themselves needed a travel agent’s assistance when making a booking. If any passenger wanted to book a seat or to go through a schedule they would have to contact the travel agents. So the airlines needed a web-based booking system which will allow the passengers to directly retrieve information about the air schedules, make booking etc. That is when the Internet Booking Engines (IBEs) were introduced. IBEs are used by nearly every airline at present to cut off extra expenses and to support instant booking and payment.
Overview.
An internet booking engine allows a customer to specify their travel requirements such as city of departure, destination, departure date, return date and class of travel. Once this information is received, the IBE will offer a list of available air tickets, hotels and excursions which the customer can then book.
The real value of an IBE is in the business rules and processes that package the content and provide the capability to shop and purchase. This includes packaging and pricing rules, customized displays for different customers and channels, business rules, and check out and payment processes.
How it works.
An IBE is installed on the home page of an airline to enable easy access for customers. When shoppers enter their travel preferences the IBE contacts the GDS or Computer Reservations System to receive the relevant information which is then shown to the user in an appropriate interface. 
The flights and fares may differ according to type of customer accessing the IBE. For example corporate members or frequent flyers may have access to discounted fares or will enjoy privileges such as redemption of loyalty points against the airfare. 
With the Super Passenger Name Record (Super PNR) function an IBE offers the capability of booking non-air elements such as hotels, cars, holidays and insurance.
After the customer has finished selecting their preferred flights they must choose a payment method. There are several options to choose from; credit card payment (often referred to as online payment), offline payment by transfers or cash, loyalty program such as a frequent flyer program (FFP) which allows the customer to redeem points for airfare, and discount vouchers. If a customer chooses an online payment an E-ticket will be issued. The E-ticket contains a PNR where important information is saved regarding the travel. If a customer wishes to make the payment offline they will need to visit an airline office and purchase a ticket. 
As the IBE is an online booking system the interface is often in HTML. With the growth of broadband, technologies such as Ajax or Flash are now used to support the change of the user’s interactivity.
An IBE has real time connectivity to a credit card clearance agency as most payments are made through credit card. Some IBEs offer multi-lingual and multi-currency support for customer convenience.
A good security system which supports authentication and authorization is a must for an IBE.
Recent developments.
IBE providers keep adding new features to internet booking engines such as Multiple Search Options so that a customer can book the flight in a manner that suits his/her requirements. If the customer is “schedule sensitive” or needs to adhere to specific travel dates, the IBE offers ticket fares giving priority to the travel calendar. Some IBEs also support passengers who desire to have multiple stops on their way to their destination. As many passengers are very concerned about the ticket price, the IBE of an airline shows a comparison between the low and high ticket fares, with the services included in each. 
A user may be able to access a seat map and reserve a preferred seat which is available. The selection of a front row, aisle seat, or window seat is possible. This feature, which is known as Web Check-in, allows a passenger to check-in online and print their own boarding pass.
Carbon offset programs are also a new feature offered through IBEs. Here, a passenger can contribute to the airline’s environmental initiatives by making a special donation at the time of booking a ticket.
There are also IBE providers who now focus solely on the Vacation Condo, Vacation Villa and Vacation Apartment rental industries along with IBE providers who focus on smaller boutique and independent family owned motel and hotels.
Internet Booking Engine Websites.
Online travel bookings will represent almost a third of worldwide volume by the end of 2012, according to yStats.com "Global Online Travel Report 2012" report. 
Most of the growth of online travel booking has come from the development of travel websites that allow booking of flights, hotels, and car rentals. In the past 15 years, there has been a significant shift towards more online booking. This shift started with the creation of internet booking engine websites such as Priceline.com in 1997 and BookOnlineNow in 2009. These sites search across multiple independent travel sites and booking engines.

</doc>
<doc id="19885253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885253" title="Sissoo spinach">
Sissoo spinach

Sissoo spinach, also known as Brazil spinach or Samba lettuce, is a tropical vegetable of the genus "Alternanthera". It is vigorous and spreading, but not considered invasive. It thrives in 50% or more shade and benefits from nitrogen.
Use as food.
The leaves are crunchy, slightly more so than the temperate climate spinach, and not slimy. They require steaming or boiling when served because of the presence of oxalates. Those that normally cannot stomach green vegetables usually do not mind this mild flavored green. It is eaten alone as a green or added to other dishes. Reportedly, Brazilians usually eat it raw in salads with oil/vinegar, tomato, and onion, although the literature recommends cooking it.

</doc>
<doc id="19885256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885256" title="North Shore Beach and Yacht Club">
North Shore Beach and Yacht Club

The North Shore Beach and Yacht Club or North Shore Yacht Club is an Albert Frey-designed building in North Shore, California.
It opened in 1962 as part of a $2 million development along the northeastern shore of the Salton Sea which would become California's largest marina. Several prominent figures from the entertainment industry docked boats there, among them members of The Beach Boys, Jerry Lewis and The Marx Brothers. Ever-increasing salinity from agricultural runoff from both the Coachella Valley and Imperial County combined with fluctuating water levels culminated in a major flood in 1981, destroying the club's jetty and making it impossible for boats to dock at the club; it would be completely closed by 1984.
Like the majority of the buildings which surround it, the North Shore Beach and Yacht Club was abandoned and vandalized. The shoreside swimming pool remained intact though badly vandalized as well. An often-photographed large advertising sign for Texaco Marine at the site of the jetty has now been removed.
In July 2009, Riverside County supervisors approved the reception of a grant of $3.35 million as part of an overall package of $30 million to redevelop and restore the property.
Salton Sea History Museum.
On May 1, 2010, the restored yacht club was reopened to the public as the Salton Sea History Museum, serving as a community center as well as a museum. The former pool area now serves as an activity deck while the former loading area is a children's play area.
The museum was relocated at Mecca, California in the site of Desert Cahuilla Wetlands Temal Pa'lekish. The reopening date was February 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19885267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885267" title="Hazard identification">
Hazard identification

A Hazard Identification Study is the process of identifying hazards in order to plan for, avoid, or mitigate their impacts. Hazard identification is an important step in risk assessment and risk management. The tool can be used to determine the adverse health effects of exposure to a chemical stressor and to plan for building repair costs or retrofitting in areas prone to natural disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="19885271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885271" title="Office of the Chief Human Resources Officer">
Office of the Chief Human Resources Officer

The Office of the Chief Human Resources Officer (formerly Canada Public Service Agency) is the representative of the Government of Canada on all issues relating to human resources, pensions and benefits, labour relations and compensation.
Organization.
The office is headed by the Chief Human Resources Officer (currently Daphne Meredith), who has similar status as the Comptroller General of Canada - while housed under the Treasury Board Secretariat, its operation is independently carried out by the CHRO and not by TBS staff. She is responsible for providing strategic enterprise-wide leadership. CHRO is also the "ex officio" Chair of the Board of Governors for the Canada School of Public Service.
History.
In a strategic review conducted by the Harper government in early 2008, it was determined HR activities can be more efficiently and effectively managed by centralizing all functions into one agency. Prior to March 2, 2009, human resources responsibility for the federal government was split between two agencies: the Canada Public Service Agency and the Treasury Board Secretariat.

</doc>
<doc id="19885280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885280" title="Leone Sextus Tollemache">
Leone Sextus Tollemache

Leone Sextus Denys Oswolf Fraudatifilius Tollemache-Tollemache de Orellana Plantagenet Tollemache-Tollemache ( ; 10 June 1884 – 20 February 1917) was a captain in the British Army who died during the First World War. He has been stated to have had the longest English surname on record, or the English surname with the most multiple barrels.
Biography.
Leone was born in Lincolnshire, the sixth son of the eccentric clergyman Ralph Tollemache-Tollemache. He was the eighth of Ralph's many children by his second wife, Dora Cleopatra Maria Lorenza de Orellana. In common with his many brothers and sisters, his father gave him an eccentric name.
His surname at birth was "Tollemache-Tollemache", his father having doubled his original surname, "Tollemache", in 1876 after his second marriage. "de Orellana" derives from his mother's Spanish ancestry and is a forename rather than part of his surname. The first "Tollemache-Tollemache" also seems to be an unusual forename. Leone was Ralph's sixth son, hence "Sextus". "Fraudatifilius" is Latin for "son of the defrauded one". "Leone" repeats a pattern seen in the names of his elder brothers and sisters (Lyonel, Lyonesse, Lyulph, Lyona, Leo, Lyonella and Lyonetta). His first five initials, "LSD OF", may include a reference to the divisions of the pre-decimal British currency, £sd, for pounds, shillings and pence. This may be a reference to a financial dispute between his father Ralph and Ralph's first wife's trustees which had driven him bankrupt in 1863. Similarly, an elder brother was named Lyulph Ydwallo Odin Nestor Egbert Lyonel Toedmag Hugh Erchenwyne Saxon Esa Cromwell Orma Nevill Dysart Plantagenet Tollemache-Tollemache—his first 15 initials spell "LYONEL THE SECOND". In practice, Leone shortened his name to "Leone Sextus Tollemache".
He joined the British Army, attending the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, in 1902. He was commissioned into the Leicestershire Regiment in 1903. Before the First World War, he served in British India and at Fermoy in Ireland.
He married an Irishwoman, Kathleen Mary Mills (daughter of Joseph Mills and Charlotte née Bloomfield), at Acomb, North Yorkshire on 23 April 1914. They honeymooned in Fermoy. Their son was born on 12 January 1915 in White House in Acomb; Kathleen died in childbirth, but the son, Denys Herbert George, survived.
On the outbreak of the First World War, he was sent to France on the Union-Castle steamer SS "Braemar Castle" in September 1914. He kept a personal diary of his experiences. In 1916, Leone was seconded to serve as Brigade Major in the 3rd Australian Infantry Brigade of the 1st Australian Division after it was redeployed from Gallipoli to the Somme. He died on active service in 1917, from influenza. He is buried in the communal war cemetery in Dernancourt near Albert.
Leone's elder brother Leo (Quintus Tollemache-Tollemache de Orellana Plantagenet) also served in France, in the 1st Battalion of the Lincolnshire Regiment. He went missing, presumed killed, on 1 November 1914 and his body was never found. He is commemorated on the Menin Gate memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19885305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885305" title="Beach theft">
Beach theft

A beach theft, in the sense of "theft of beach", is an unauthorised and illegal removal of huge quantities of sand from a beach leading to the full or partial disappearance of the beach. This article does not deal with the related sense - "theft in beach", i.e. incidents of theft occurring in beaches, a more common petty theft.
Sand theft and beach theft.
Stealing of sand is a worldwide phenomenon. Beach theft, the large-scale removal of sand to the point that entire stretches of a beach disappear, is considerably less common. 
Effects.
Although sand theft does not seem to be a serious problem at first, it is nonetheless a serious problem as the removal of sand facilitates soil salinisation. For example, in Cape Verde, the theft of sand has caused the soil to salinify to such a degree, that a large number of orchards were permanently destroyed in the process.
Sand and beach theft around the world.
Sand theft occurs in a large number of countries around the world.
Two instances of beach thefts have been widely reported in the media: one in Hungary in 2007 and another in Jamaica in 2008. The beach that was stolen in Hungary was an artificially created one on the banks of a river. The other one is a genuine example of a beach theft.
Beach theft in Jamaica.
A beach theft was discovered in Jamaica in July 2008.
The beach at Coral Springs, in Jamaica's northern parish of Trelawny, was 400 metres of white sand. The bulk of the sand in the 0.5-hectare beach, of approximately 500 truckloads, was found missing in July 2008. The beach was to form part of a resort complex, but the theft of its most important feature has led to its developers putting their plans on hold. 
Illegal sand mining is a problem in Jamaica; the local tradition of people building their own homes has caused a huge demand for construction material.
Investigation.
The disappearance of the beach was considered so important that Jamaica's Prime Minister Bruce Golding took a personal interest in the theft and ordered a report into how such a large quantity of sand could have been stolen, transported and presumably sold. 
Police carried out forensic tests on beaches along the coast to see if any of it matched the stolen sand. A three-month police investigation failed to lead to anyone being charged. There were unconfirmed reports about collusion between the criminals and certain police officers, but Jamaican police denied any such collusion.
Beach theft in Hungary.
An incident of beach theft occurred in Hungary in 2007. 
In this case, thieves stole hundreds of tonnes of sand from an artificial beach created by a resort in Mindszent alongside the banks of the Tisza river. 
Hungary is a land-locked country. The river Tisza runs through Hungary. Its banks are sunny and warm in the summer. Some enterprising Hungarians shipped in some 6,000 cubic meters of sand, added lounge chairs, playground rides, and beach huts, and made a perfect artificial beach. 
In Hungary, the winters are frigid. To protect their sandy treasure, in September 2007, the owners covered the rides with tarpaulin and closed the place for the season. When one of the owners drove by, they noticed that the beach was gone. Only dreary muddy banks left behind.
Authorities blame the new Schengen Zone which eliminated border controls between EU member state and Europe. This allows people to move freely between countries without a passport.

</doc>
<doc id="19885354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885354" title="Faltu">
Faltu

Faltu ( translation: "Useless") is a Bengali movie based on Syed Mustafa Siraj's story Ranir Ghater Brittanto, and was released in 2006. It won the 2007 National Award. Produced by Arindam Chaudhuri (Planman Motion Pictures) and directed by Anjan Das, the movie featured Soumitra Chatterjee, Indrani Halder, Yash Pandit and Manjari Fadnis, Nirmal Kumar, Masood Akhtar, Biplab Chatterjee. This film had been selected from India for the Spain film festival in the competitive category.
Plot.
The story is set around Ranirghat of Murshidabad District in West Bengal in the early 1950s. It is the story of a 20-year-old orphan called Faltu (faltu in Bengali means worthless, junk) and his search for the man who has fathered him. This is also the account of a village and its people, woven around a narrative with myriad moments and a lot of dramatic events. Ranirghat is a small village made up by the refugees from the then East Pakistan. (Its current population is 148.) The lives of the villagers take a new turn when a census official questions Faltu's parentage. While it is a well-known fact that Faltu is the son of Sureswari Dasi aka Suri Khepi (a mad woman on the street played Indrani Haldar), no one knows who his father is. Neither does Faltu nor he has even bothered with the question. He was happy with what he was doing — driving a bus and ferrying villagers. 
The census official's question opens a Pandora's box. It turns out that many apparently upright men in the village — including Ismail (Biplab Chatterjee), who brought up Faltu and taught him driving — raped Suri Khepi, taking advantage of her mental condition. Things reach a stage where everybody knows that Faltu's father is one of them, but nobody is sure of who that is. Faltu is not particularly concerned. He is more interested in earning his living, and pursuing his love interest — Tuktuki (Manjari Fadnis). 
A government order brings in bad news for the villagers of Ranirghat. As part of "development" plans, the government wants to construct a bridge from the village across the river and villagers have to vacate. They agree to do so but, before parting ways, they want Faltu and Tuktuki to get married to make up for what they had done to Suri Khepi. A guilty feeling haunts all the rapists. That is when a twist in the tale crops up. The elders of the village calls a meeting to organize the marriage of Faltu and Tuktuki. When they propose the marriage to Tuktuki's father, he flatly disagrees in a weird manner. Then he went to Faltu and disclosed that he also had raped Suri Khepi: The marriage should not occur as Faltu and Tuktuki are stepbrother and sister. Tuktuki overheard this. She committed suicide and the next morning she was found hanging from a tree. The villagers of Ranirghat left with pain-stricken hearts, while the background narrator declares that "with a proud and wounded heart, and several questions in mind, the undefeated Faltu drives on." As the construction work of the bridge goes on, the last bit of film captures a night sequence at the construction site: an engineer, sensing the presence of any unknown one, turns on his torch on the person. The last scene freezes there, showing another mad woman trying to drink water from the streamlets pouring down from the upper iron structure. Like the case of Suri Khepi, perhaps this was the beginning of another story of committing sins.
The entire story deals with human relations and how the guilt of having done something wrong haunts everyone in the village. They want to make up for their sins, but end up opening a new can of worms and spoiling a marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19885376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885376" title="List of A2 roads">
List of A2 roads

This is a list of roads designated A2. Roads entries are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19885409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885409" title="The Greatest Cowboy Movie Never Made">
The Greatest Cowboy Movie Never Made

The Greatest Cowboy Movie Never Made is a box set compilation comprising The Saints' albums released between 1981 to 1984, their EP "Paralytic Tonight, Dublin Tomorrow" and an unreleased live disc titled "A Gallon of Rum is a Harsh Mistress The Morning After. Live in Oz". The concert was recorded in Sydney, Australia, 1981.
Track listing.
Disc 1: Paralytic Tonight, Dublin Tomorrow & The Monkey Puzzle.
Tracks 1 - 5 from the EP "Paralytic Tonight, Dublin Tomorrow"Tracks 6 - 16 from the album "The Monkey Puzzle"

</doc>
<doc id="19885442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885442" title="North Creek Bridge">
North Creek Bridge

The North Creek Bridge is a two lane bridge that carries New York State Route 28N across the Hudson River connecting Johnsburg, New York with Chester, New York built in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19885462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885462" title="Stonewall Awards">
Stonewall Awards

The Stonewall Awards is an annual event by Stonewall to celebrate people who have had a positive or negative impact on the lives of British lesbian, gay and bisexual people. The event was first held in 2006 at the Royal Academy of Arts and from 2007 were held at the Victoria and Albert Museum.
2006.
The inaugural event was held at the Royal Academy of Arts.
2008.
Stonewall nominated Julie Bindel for the 2008 Journalist of the Year award. This nomination was controversial due to her view on transsexualism and lead to a protest taking place outside of the awards venue.
2011.
Held on the 3rd November 2011.
2012.
The 2012 awards were held on 1 November, with the award of "Bigot of the Year" to Cardinal Keith O'Brien drawing protest from the Catholic Church in Scotland, of which he was head. Criticism of the bigot award from the winner of the Politician of the Year award, Ruth Davidson, lead to her being "booed off-stage".

</doc>
<doc id="19885473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885473" title="Psyanotic">
Psyanotic

Psyanotic Is the debut album of American actor Thomas Dekker. The album is currently available in digital format and can be found in sites like CDBaby, Napster and iTunes.
As he explained in an interview: 
"The term Cyanotic is a scientific term for when there is an inadequate supply of oxygen to the blood. I changed the spelling to Psy, as in psychology, as a metaphor for a lack of thought in today's music. I suppose the album is to be a kind of cure, hopefully, for this prevailing lack of mental and emotional stimulation."
The album was recorded, mixed and mastered by Thomas himself, Some songs were uploaded to his personal MySpace page before the release of the album including: "Dare", "Lava Life" and "Aicea" as well as an album teaser, Songs that were later tweaked for the album.
Thomas later explained in a Q & A session: "The album was only tweaked because music should exist in the time it is released, above all, and the album had been started so many years earlier."

</doc>
<doc id="19885491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885491" title="Ubiquity (software)">
Ubiquity (software)

Ubiquity is the default installer for Ubuntu and its derivatives. It is run from the Live CD or USB and can be triggered to run from the options on the device or on the desktop of the Live mode. It was first introduced in Ubuntu 6.06 LTS (Dapper Drake). Before it begins, it offers the user to change the language to a local language if they prefer. It is designed to be easy to use.
Features.
Ubiquity consists of a configuration wizard allowing the user to easily install Ubuntu and shows a slideshow showcasing many of Ubuntu’s features whilst it is installing. In Ubuntu 10.10 (Maverick Meerkat), the installer team made changes to simplify the tool and speed up the installation wizard.
Ubiquity allows the user to choose the installer to automatically update the software whilst is installing. If the user allows this, the installer will download the latest packages from the Ubuntu repository ensuring the system is up to date.
The installer also allows the user to set Ubiquity to install closed source or patented third party software such as Adobe Flash and Fluendo’s MP3 codec software that is commonly needed by users whilst Ubuntu is installing.
Ubiquity can begin to format the file system and copy system files after the user completes the partition configuration wizard, whilst the user is inputting data such as username, password, location etc. which reduces install time. When reviewing Ubuntu 10.10, Ryan Paul from Ars Technica said “During my tests, I was able to perform a complete installation in less than 15 minutes.” Ubiquity also provides an interactive map to specify time zones.
At the bottom the installer window, a progress bar is shown once the installation has started. At the end of the configuration stage, a slideshow will show up until the end of install. The slideshow display short summaries and screenshots about the applications in Ubuntu. However though, not all the software shown is in the default installation and are available to download from the Ubuntu Software Center. These are so the user becomes more aware about other applications available for the platform.
In Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and before, Ubiquity offered a migration assistant which brought over user accounts from Windows, OS X and other Linux distributions along with e-mail and Instant messaging accounts, Bookmarks from Firefox and Internet Explorer as well as the user's pictures, wallpapers, documents, music, photos folder although this was a Windows only feature. At the Ubuntu Developers Summit for Ubuntu 12.10, the developers agreed to remove this feature citing a lack of testing and a high number of bugs as the reason why the feature has been removed.
Ports.
Ubiquity allows other Ubuntu derivatives to customise aspects of it such as the slideshow and branding elements. Some Ubiquity ports include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19885495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885495" title="Paul J. Morochnik">
Paul J. Morochnik

Paul J. Morochnik is an American attorney, director, and treasurer. Paul graduated from Hofstra University before earning his J.D. from Emory University School of Law. 
Paul Morochnik gained national attention for his testimony in the judicial investigative committee investigation of his uncle, U.S. Magistrate Judge Alan J. Baverman. 
Paul Morochnik is on the Board of Directors and is the Treasurer of the world-wide Kilimanjaro Education Foundation, a nonprofit 501(c)(3) volunteer organization with the goal of providing African children education opportunities as offered to children of developed countries. 
Morochnik is a member of the Leadership North Fulton team responsible for the creation of a nature trail at the Child Development Association (CDA) of North Fulton county.

</doc>
<doc id="19885501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885501" title="Tucson Desparados">
Tucson Desparados

The Tucson Desperados are a professional inline hockey team based out of Bladeworld Indoor Sports Center in Tucson, Arizona, United States. They are members of the Southwest Division of the Western Conference of the Professional Inline Hockey Association (PIHA).
As of the 2009 season the Tucson Desperados are part of the Southwest division of the AIHL.

</doc>
<doc id="19885513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885513" title="Hired Gun (disambiguation)">
Hired Gun (disambiguation)

Hired Gun may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19885541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885541" title="Duress (film)">
Duress (film)

Duress is an American film in the psychological thriller genre. The film was initially screened at various film festivals in the United States, Poland and Russia and received favorable reviews. Mark Savlov of the Austin Chronicle wrote about Duress after seeing it at Fantastic Fest in Austin: "With a mind-blowing denouement that makes the last five minutes of *The Sixth Sense* feel like the last five minutes of *Stranger Than Paradise* and a pair of harrowing, human (and inhumanly calibrated) performances from Martin Donovan and Rouvas, *Duress* comes across like a slap to the psyche, a splash of ice-water across the soul." The film was released theatrically in Greece by Greek distributor Hollywood Entertainment.
The movie is written by Jim Kehoe and directed by Jordan Barker and filmed in Los Angeles, California. The film will be the first American production by popular Greek singer-songwriter and actor Sakis Rouvas, who has the primary antagonist role in the film.
Plot.
Richard is mourning his wife's recent suicide while attempting to mend his relationship with his only daughter while still haunted by his recent trauma. However, Richard is caught as a witness to the inhumane brutality of Abner Solvie (Sakis Rouvas). Richard finds himself at the mercy of Abner, becoming his new-found protégé to further the crimes and brutality, while he is burdened by his involvement in the recent local murders. Richard is forced by the charming yet sociopath Abner who forces his mentality upon Richard who is defenseless, as he needs to protect his loved-ones. Richard must ultimately chose whether he is willing to kill in order to protect his daughter's life, while soon realizing that Abner is not the only deadly threat surrounding him.

</doc>
<doc id="19885559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885559" title="Pachoca, Calapan">
Pachoca, Calapan

Pachoca is a barangay which is located at Calapan City, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines. The current barangay chairman is Captain Efren A. Bale. Pachoca is bordered by Barangay Tibag to the east, and Barangay Balite to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19885563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885563" title="Inez Clare Verdoorn">
Inez Clare Verdoorn

Inez Clare Verdoorn (15 June 1896 Pretoria - 1989), was a South African botanist and taxonomist, noted for her major revisions of plant families and genera.
She matriculated in 1916 from Loreto Convent in Pretoria, worked for a while in the office of the Controller and Auditor General before being appointed in 1917 as a herbarium assistant at the Division of Botany and Plant Pathology. Between 1925-27 she worked at Kew as liaison officer for the National Herbarium. On her return to Pretoria, she assumed charge of the herbarium and was promoted to Senior Professional Officer in 1944. Despite having arrived at retirement age in 1951, Miss Verdoorn opted to work on as a temporary staff member until 1968, and thereafter as an unpaid research worker.
She has more than 200 botanical publications to her credit, including major revisions and appearing mainly in "Bothalia", "Flowering Plants of Africa", "Flora of Southern Africa", "Kew Bulletin", and the "Journal of South African Botany".
This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation I.Verd. when citing a botanical name.
Honours and fellowships.
She is commemorated by the Composite genus "Inezia" Phill., "Aloe verdoorniae" Reynolds, "Senecio verdoorniae" R.A.Dyer, "Teclea verdoorniae" Exell & Mendonça and Volume 28 of the "Flowering Plants of Africa", which was specially dedicated to her. Her collected specimens total some 4 000, many collected with Codd, Dyer, Obermeyer and Schweickerdt.

</doc>
<doc id="19885582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885582" title="A2 road (Zimbabwe)">
A2 road (Zimbabwe)

The A2 is a road connecting Harare and Kaombe (Mozambique) via Mutoko.

</doc>
<doc id="19885584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885584" title="Norman Moore">
Norman Moore

Norman Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19885587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885587" title="Malcolm Hazell">
Malcolm Hazell

Malcolm John Hazell is a retired Australian public servant. He was the Official Secretary to two Governors-General of Australia, Peter Hollingworth (2003) and Major-General Michael Jeffery (2003–2008).
Biography.
Malcolm Hazell had over 30 years experience in the Australian Public Service. He joined the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet (PM&C) in 1974, holding policy advising positions. He worked on parliamentary and government matters and international relations. As Head of the Office of Ceremonial and Hospitality, he supervised many arrangements, including the Australian Bicentenary celebrations in 1988, and he was the Commonwealth Director of Royal Visits to Australia. He was the Head of the Cabinet Secretariat from 1996 to 1998. 
He was seconded to the position of Senior Government Adviser in the office of the Prime Minister John Howard. In 2003, he became Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia, Peter Hollingworth. That position also entails being Secretary of the Order of Australia. On Hollingworth's resignation later that year, he continued to serve his successor Major-General Michael Jeffery.
In August 2008, there was considerable media comment when it was revealed that Major-General Jeffery's successor-designate, Ms Quentin Bryce, had decided that she would appoint Stephen Brady as her Official Secretary when she took office on 5 September. This meant that Hazell's job would be ending, and although he made no public comment, he was reported to be "distraught" when informed of the matter three weeks earlier by the Secretary of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet, Terry Moran. It was reported that Major-General Jeffery confronted Ms Bryce about the matter when they met in Brisbane. However, Prime Minister Rudd stated that neither he nor his office played any part in Ms Bryce's decision. At the same time, he defended Ms Bryce's right to decide who her official secretary should be, and said that Malcolm Hazell would be offered another position within the public service.
Honours.
On 10 May 1988, Queen Elizabeth II invested Malcolm Hazell as a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order for his services during the 1988 Royal Visit.
In 2008, Mr Hazell was made a Knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem.
On 8 June 2009, Mr Hazell was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia "For service to the community and to successive Australian Governments through senior positions in the Australian Public Service, and as Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia." He received the insignia of the award from the current Governor-General, Ms Quentin Bryce, at an investiture at Government House, Canberra on 7 September 2009.
On 11 June 2010, Malcolm Hazell was appointed an Extra Equerry to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Personal.
Hazell was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School and the University of Queensland. From 1994 to 2006 he served on the Board of Canberra Grammar School, as Chair of the Education Committee and also as Deputy Chairman of the Board. He is also involved in community education activities with the Anglican Church.
He is married and has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19885589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885589" title="Elon James White">
Elon James White

Elon James White (Born October 16, 1978 in Brooklyn, New York) is an award-winning blogger, radio host and a New York City-based stand-up comedian.
White is the founder and editor in chief of This Week in Blackness and the Black Comedy Experiment. White is the host of the radio show and web series "This Week In Blackness" which has been featured on Crooks and Liars, Daily Kos, and Jack and Jill Politics. White is also a contributor to the Huffington Post, Salon.com, The Root, and is a part of the comedy troupe Laughing Liberally, the comedic arm of Living Liberally.
White has appeared as a featured commentator on Melissa Harris-Perry's MSNBC show, the VH1 series Black to the Future and The Great Debate as well as Current's Viewpoint (talk show), Countdown With Keith Olbermann and The Joy Behar Show. White was the recipient of four 2009 Black Weblog Awards including Best Humor Blog, Best MicroBlog (Twitter), Best Video Blog and Blog of the Year. White was also listed by Tulane professor & author Melissa Harris-Perry as being a one of the "Top 50 Politcos to Watch"

</doc>
<doc id="19885618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885618" title="Flurothyl">
Flurothyl

Flurothyl (Indoklon) is a volatile liquid drug from the halogenated ether family, related to inhaled anaesthetic agents such as diethyl ether, but having the opposite effects, acting as a stimulant and convulsant. Several compounds related to the halogenated ether anesthetics have similar convulsant effects rather than producing sedation, and this has been helpful in studying the mechanism of action of these drugs. Flurothyl was previously used in psychiatric medicine for shock therapy, in a similar manner to other convulsant drugs such as pentetrazol, as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy. This use has now been discontinued, but it is still widely used in scientific research for inducing seizures in animals.
See also: Theories of general anaesthetic action.

</doc>
<doc id="19885619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885619" title="A2 highway (Sri Lanka)">
A2 highway (Sri Lanka)

The A 2 is an A-Grade road in Sri Lanka. It connects Colombo and Wellawaya via Galle and Hambantota.
Route.
Colombo to Galle.
The west-coast portion of the highway consists of the Galle Road. Within Colombo, the A2 serves as a north-south backbone to the city. It is split into two one-way streets from Colombo Fort to Wellawatte, in order to ease traffic flow.
The highway passes through Wellawatte, Ratmalana, Kalutara, Wadduwa, Beruwala, Bentota, Kosgoda, Ambalangoda, Hikkaduwa, and Galle. At Galle, the highway runs through the city centre before continuing towards Hambantota.
Galle to Hambantota.
From Galle, the highway continues east along the south coast towards Koggala. It passes Unawatuna, Koggala, and Weligama, before arriving at Matara. At Matara, it passes the University of Ruhuna. The highway continues towards Dikwella, Tangalle, Ambalantota, and Hambantota. To cross the artificial harbour at Hambantota, a harbour-bypass road allows the A2 to continue to Wellawaya.
Hambantota to Wellawaya.
After the Hambantota Harbour, the A2 turns north and passes Weligatta, Tanamalwila, Kuda Oya and Teluulla before reaching Wellawaya. At Wellawaya, it meets the A4 and A23 highways.
Asian Highways.
The A2 forms part of the Asian Highways route AH43. AH43 is unsigned while on the A2.

</doc>
<doc id="19885620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885620" title="John Clay (running back)">
John Clay (running back)

John Clay (born January 4, 1988) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football for the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he was nicknamed "Gumby" after the clay animation character. In high school he received numerous awards for his accomplishments on the field at Washington Park High School in Racine, Wisconsin, and was one of the most heavily recruited players in the country. Clay was ruled ineligible to play by the NCAA after not meeting Wisconsin admission requirements before being ruled eligible for the 2008 season.
High school.
Clay attended Washington Park High School in Racine, Wisconsin. He was named a high school All-American in 2006 and played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl game. A 4-star recruit, he committed to Wisconsin on national signing day after declining offers from Tennessee, Ohio State, Nebraska, and Iowa.
Controversy.
After graduating from high school and before the start of summer football camp, Clay was notified by the NCAA that his grades had not met the requirements to play collegiate football. He had recorded a 2.7 core GPA and received a 17 on his ACT. Clay attended summer school to complete the required course work, then rejoined his teammates and began practicing with the Badgers. His late start forced him to redshirt in 2007.
Wisconsin Badgers.
2008 season.
As a redshirt freshman in 2008, Clay saw his first action on the field against the University of Akron, where he posted 71 yards and his first collegiate touchdown on just 12 carries. He finished the season second on the team and seventh in the Big Ten Conference in rushing with 884 yards on 155 carries and nine touchdowns.
2009 season.
In 2009 Clay led the Big Ten and ranked eighth in the country with 1,517 rushing yards. His 18 rushing touchdowns also led the Big Ten and tied for seventh in the nation. On November 23, 2009, Clay was named Big Ten Offensive Player of the Year, the third Badgers' player to be so named Big Ten, joining fellow running backs Ron Dayne (1999) and Brent Moss (1993). 
Clay was on the cover of the December 11, 2009 edition of "Sports Illustrated", an issue that featured the best sports photos of 2009. The picture was taken during the Michigan game at Camp Randall Stadium.
2010 season.
Clay entered the 2010 football season on the preseason watch lists for the Doak Walker Award, the Walter Camp Award, and the Maxwell Award. He was selected as a Playboy All-American. An MCL injury sidelined Clay for the last three 2010 regular season games, damaging his chances at the Heisman. Clay was named one of three finalists for the 2010 Doak Walker Award, which is given annually to the nation's top running back. The other two finalists were Kendall Hunter of Oklahoma State and the winner of the award, LaMichael James of Oregon.
For the 2010 season, Clay finished with 1,012 rushing yards and 14 rushing touchdowns.
Professional career.
On January 7, 2011, Clay announced he would forgo his senior season to enter the 2011 NFL Draft.
2011 NFL Draft.
Clay went undrafted in the 2011 NFL Draft.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Clay was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent on July 26, 2011. He waived for final cuts on September 2, 2011 but was re-signed two days later to the practice squad. On December 23, 2011 he was added to the team's active roster. He scored his first touchdown on his first carry in the NFL on December 24, 2011, a 10-yard score.
Clay was waived/injured on August 14, 2012, but subsequently reverted to injured reserve on August 16. He was given an injury settlement and released from injured reserve on August 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19885654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885654" title="Amrutanjan Healthcare">
Amrutanjan Healthcare

Amrutanjan Healthcare Limited is an Indian pharmaceutical company established by Kasinadhuni Nageswara Rao in Mumbai in 1893.
History.
Amrutanjan was established as a patent medicine business in Mumbai in 1893 by K. Nageswara Rao Pantulu who was a journalist, social reformer and freedom fighter. The headquarters were shifted to Chennai in 1914.
Amrutanjan.
"Main article:" Amrutanjan
Even today,the words "Bombay" are inscribed along with Amrutanjan on the lid of its most well-known product, the pain balm. In 1936, Amrutanjan became a public limited company with the name Amrutanjan Limited. Nageswara Rao popularised the balm by distributing it free-of-cost at music concerts.
In 13 November 2007, the Company changed its name from Amrutanjan Limited to Amrutanjan Healthcare Limited and has ever since been known by that name.
On 4 July 2002, Amrutanjan Healthcare entered the U.S. market. It is now headed by Sambhu Prasad, the grandson of Nageshwara Rao.
Products.
Amrutanjan Healthcare's main product is its pain balm. In 2002, Amrutanjan Healthcare launched a series of anti-diabetic medicines called Diakyur. Of recent, it has plans of selling olive oil and pesticides. In 2004, the company launched herbal mouth-fresheners under the brand name "Affair".
The Amrutanjan group also includes a software company called Amrutanjan Infotech. In July 2001, Amrutanjan Infotech's call-centre began its operations.
In May 2011 Amrutanjan has diversified into foods, by buying out Siva’s Soft Drink Pvt Ltd, a Chennai-based company which sells fruit juices under the Fruitnik brand.It has relatively paid out Rs.260 Million for the acquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="19885729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885729" title="List of A3 roads">
List of A3 roads

This is a list of roads designated A3. Roads entries are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19885732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885732" title="List of A4 roads">
List of A4 roads

This is a list of roads designated A4.
A4 is the name of several roads:

</doc>
<doc id="19885735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885735" title="Convulsant">
Convulsant

A convulsant is a drug which induces convulsions and/or epileptic seizures, the opposite of an anticonvulsant. These drugs generally act as stimulants at low doses, but are not used for this purpose due to the risk of convulsions and consequent excitotoxicity. Most convulsants are antagonists (or inverse agonists) at either the GABAA or glycine receptors, or ionotropic glutamate receptor agonists. Many other drugs may cause convulsions as a side effect at high doses (e.g. bupropion, tramadol, pethidine, dextropropoxyphene) but only drugs whose primary action is to cause convulsions are known as convulsants.
Uses.
Some convulsants such as pentetrazol and flurothyl were previously used in shock therapy in psychiatric medicine, as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy. Others such as strychnine and tetramethylenedisulfotetramine are used as poisons for exterminating pests. Bemegride and flumazenil are used to treat drug overdoses (of barbiturates and benzodiazepines respectively), but may cause convulsions if the dose is too high. Convulsants are also widely used in scientific research, for instance in the testing of new anticonvulsant drugs. Convulsions are induced in captive animals, then high doses of anticonvulsant drugs are administered.

</doc>
<doc id="19885736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885736" title="Sherbino Wind Farm">
Sherbino Wind Farm

The Sherbino Wind Farm is located in Pecos County in west Texas. The first 150 megawatts (MW) of the project, which has a potential capacity of 750 MW, is in operation. Phase I utilizes 50 Vestas V-90 wind turbine generators, each with a rated capacity of 3 MW. BP will operate phase I of the project.
Phase II, located on a site 40 miles west of Fort Stockton, utilizes 60 Clipper Windpower C-96 wind turbines, each with a rated capacity of 2.5 MW. This phase will be in operation by the end of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19885739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885739" title="Myxopyronin">
Myxopyronin

Myxopyronin (Myx) is an alpha-pyrone antibiotic, the first in a new class of inhibitors of bacterial RNA polymerase (RNAP) that target switch 1 and switch 2 of the RNAP "switch region." Rifamycin antibacterial agents, which are first-line treatments for tuberculosis, and lipiarmycin (fidaxomicin, Dificid) also target RNAP, but target different sites in RNAP. Myxopyronin does not have cross-resistance with rifamycins and lipiarmycin. Myxopyronin may be useful to address the growing problem of drug resistance in tuberculosis. It also may be useful in treatment of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It is in pre-clinical development and has not yet started clinical trials. 
Myxopyronin was first isolated in 1983 from a soil bacterium by Rolf Jansen and Herbert Irschik. A total synthesis of myxopyronin was first reported in 1998 by James S. Panek and co-workers. The target, the mechanism of action, and the structure of the complex of RNAP with myxopyronin were first reported in 2008 by Richard H. Ebright and co-workers. Novel analogs of myxopyronin have been synthesized at Anadys Pharmaceuticals (San Diego, CA) and at Rutgers University (Piscataway, NJ). Terence I. Moy and co-workers at Cubist Pharmaceuticals (Lexington, MA) have stated that, based on high resistance rate and high serum protein binding (comparable to rifamycins and lipiarmycin), the unmodified natural product myxopyronin B is not a viable starting point for antibiotic development. 

</doc>
<doc id="19885767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885767" title="Parul Ghosh">
Parul Ghosh

Parul Ghosh (died August 13, 1977), born Parul Biswas, was one of the pioneers of playback singing, singing in Hindi and Bengali movies from 1935 to 1951. Originally hailing from Barisal, now in Bangladesh, she was introduced to playback singing by her brother Anil Biswas. Films in which she featured include "Jwar Bhata", "Milan", "Hamhaari Baat" and "Namaste". In her early career she was associated with New Theatres, Kolkata. She was married to the eminent flautist Pannalal Ghosh in 1924.
Parul Ghosh died on August 13, 1977 in Malad, Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="19885796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885796" title="Alexander Belavin">
Alexander Belavin

Alexander "Sasha" Abramovich Belavin (, born 1942) is a Russian physicist, known for his contributions to string theory.
He is a professor at the Independent University of Moscow and is researcher at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics. He is also a member of the editorial board of the Moscow Mathematical Journal.
He forestood the discovery of BPST instanton (1975) which aided the understanding of the chiral anomaly 
and gave new directions within quantum field theory. With G. Avdeeva he showed evidence of new coupling regimes for gauge field theory (1973). The Belavin S-matrices were exactly solvable models in two-dimensional relativistic theories in (1981). He co-authored the BPZ paper (1984) with Alexander Polyakov and Alexander Zamolodchikov on 2D conformal field theories, which became important for string theory. With Vadim Knizhnik he made the Belavin–Knizhnik theorem on dual amplitudes in string theory (1986).

</doc>
<doc id="19885817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885817" title="BL 6 inch gun Mk V">
BL 6 inch gun Mk V

The BL 6 inch gun Mk V was an early Elswick Ordnance Company breech-loading naval gun originally designed to use the old gunpowder propellants. They were used for coast defence around the British Empire.
Description and service.
This was an Elswick Ordnance export design, completely different to and longer (30-calibres, 183.5 inch bore) than the contemporary 26-calibres British naval service 6-inch Mk III, IV and VI guns designed by the Royal Gun Factory, although it fired the same 100-pound projectiles. The gun was of a complex all-steel built-up construction, of a steel A-tube surrounded by multiple steel hoops, breech-piece and jacket.
Several were acquired by the British government for coast defence in the UK and were given the designation 6-inch gun Mark V. The breech fittings and firing mechanism were modified in British service to standardize them with the British service guns, Mark IV and VI. The breech-screw was locked by turning to the left, unlike standard service guns made by the Royal Gun Factory, which all locked to the right. Rifling consisted of 28 grooves of the polygroove "Elswick section" type, increasing from 0 to 1 turn in 30 calibres (i.e. 1 turn in 180 inches) at the muzzle.
They were also exported for use as coast-defence guns in Hong Kong, New Zealand, Australian colonies and Siam (Thailand), typically as disappearing guns.
<br style="clear:left;" >
QFC conversion.
During the 1890s, when the new "QF" technology of loading propellant charges in brass cases to increase the rate of fire was in favour, 4 guns were returned from New South Wales, Australia to the UK to be converted to QF.
2 of the resulting QFC guns are known to have been still in commission until 1945, in the Princess Royal Fortress defending the port of Albany, Western Australia.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19885847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885847" title="Martin Bright">
Martin Bright

Martin Bright is a British journalist. He worked for the BBC World Service and "The Guardian" before becoming "The Observer's" education correspondent and then home affairs editor. From 2005 to 2009, he was the political editor of "New Statesman." He had a blog for "The Spectator," and was the "The Jewish Chronicle's" political editor from September 2009 to March 2013. In 2014 he took a position at the Tony Blair Faith Foundation.
Since the late twentieth century, he has particularly covered the rise of Muslim extremism, terrorist attacks in Britain and abroad, and aspects of British governmental relations with the Muslim community in the United Kingdom.
In 2009 Bright founded New Deal of the Mind, a charitable company to promote employment in creative fields and working with organisations, government and all political parties.
Career.
In 2001, Bright wrote "The Great Koran Con Trick", an article in the "New Statesman" about the work of the Islamicist scholars John Wansbrough, Michael Cook, Patricia Crone, Andrew Rippin and Gerald Hawting, associated in the 1970s with the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). He reported the work of the scholars as "revisionist history" of Islam. They have developed new techniques of analysis, in some cases adopting methods from earlier biblical studies and using a wider range of sources, including non-Muslim, non-Arabic texts. Their conclusions have included: 
Bright’s arguments were ridiculed and debunked by the very scholars – including his own former SOAS tutor, Professor Gerald Hawting - whose work he drew upon to support his crude cover story.
New archeological finds, such as scraps of manuscript at the Great Mosque of Sana'a in Yemen, have supported suggestions of the development of the Koran over time. Some of the scholars reportedly disagreed with Bright's characterization of their work. The article was considered controversial among traditionalist Muslims. The Muslim intellectual Ziauddin Sardar argued the SOAS scholars approached the material from a Eurocentric point of view.
In a documentary, "Who Speaks for Muslims?" (2002), and "When Progressives Treat with Reactionaries: The British State's flirtation with radical Islamism" (2006), a report for the Policy Exchange, Bright has examined issues of the contemporary Muslim community in the United Kingdom and the government's relationship with its constituencies. This has been a focus of his journalism.
Bright left the "New Statesman" in January 2009, and began writing a blog, "The Bright Stuff – Dispatches from Enemy Territory," for "The Spectator".
In January 2009, Bright formed New Deal of the Mind, a coalition of artists, entrepreneurs, academics and opinion formers working to boost employment in Britain's creative sector during the recession. The organisation was launched formally at Number 11 Downing Street on 24 March 2009. The launch seminar was attended by more than 60 of Britain's leading creative industry figures, as well as several ministers and politicians from across the political spectrum. Lord Puttnam called the event "a remarkable moment in history".
The New Deal of the Mind coalition has since founded a charitable company, now based at the Southbank Centre in London. New Deal of the Mind continues to work closely with government, all political parties, and leading cultural institutions to find ways of boosting employment in the creative sector.
In September 2009, Bright joined the "Jewish Chronicle" as political editor. He left the "Jewish Chronicle" in March 2013, but returned as a columnist until January 2014.
In February 2014 he took a position at the Tony Blair Faith Foundation, as editor of a new website on religion and globalisation produced in conjunction with the Harvard Divinity School.
Marriage and family.
Bright is married to Vanessa Thorpe, the arts correspondent of "The Observer." They have had two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="19885865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885865" title="Luther Prentice Bradley">
Luther Prentice Bradley

Luther Prentice Bradley (December 8, 1822 – March 13, 1910) was an American soldier who served as a Union general officer during the American Civil War.
Early life.
Bradley was born in New Haven, Connecticut on December 8, 1822. He held various commands in Connecticut militia, where he acquired basic military education. He served as a lieutenant in the Connecticut militia for a short time, but his mother opposed this because he was her only son. In 1855, he moved to Chicago, Illinois, and entered the book business. Also Bradley was a captain in the 1st Illinois Militia and later a lieutenant colonel of the "Chicago Legion".
Civil War.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Bradley chose to follow the Union cause. At first his mother opposed this, but he wrote her a letter in which he told of his need to serve in the military for his country. He was appointed a lieutenant colonel in the 51st Illinois Infantry Regiment on November 6. 
Under Maj. Gen. Don Carlos Buell, he fought with his regiment at the capture of Island Number Ten in New Madrid, Missouri, and at the occupation of Nashville, Tennessee. On October 15, 1862, he was promoted to colonel, and then he participated in the Battle of Stones River that winter. He was severely wounded during the September 1863 Battle of Chickamauga where he commanded a brigade. 
Bradley was then appointed a brigadier general in the Union Army, to rank from July 30, 1864. He participated in the Atlanta Campaign, during which he commanded a brigade in Newton's Division of IV Corps in the Army of the Cumberland. Bradley fought in Tennessee at the Battle of Spring Hill on November 28, 1864, and was once again wounded. His injury prevented him from leading his brigade during the Battle of Nashville that followed on December 15–16.
Postbellum.
Bradley left the volunteer army at the end of the Civil War in 1865. He was appointed Lieutenant Colonel of the newly formed 27th US Infantry on July 28, 1866. He married Ione Dewey in 1867. He became Colonel in 1879. Dewey accompanied him to various locations in the Indian Country from the beginning of their marriage until 1886. He was involved in the construction of several western forts used during the Indian Wars. He also attended the Centennial Exposition in 1876 as an official attendee for the Army.
Bradley retired on December 8, 1886, after he reached the then-statutory age of 64. He died at Tacoma, Washington in 1910, and is buried in Section 2 of Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19885905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885905" title="Elsie Mackay (actress)">
Elsie Mackay (actress)

"For the English aviator and actress known as 'Poppy Wyndham' please see" Elsie Mackay
Elsie Mackay (born 1894 in Roebourne, Western Australia, date of death unknown) was an American stage and screen actress in the twenties and thirties.
Private life.
In 1920 Elsie Mackay became the second wife of actor Lionel Atwill, but they divorced in March 1928, after he had detectives raid an apartment on Manhattan's 68th Street in 1925, where Mackay was found with actor Max Montesole. One source claims that they had a son, John. A second source says that Atwill was survived by his son John in 1946. A third source is somewhat contradictory as Atwill's son John from his first marriage died in World War II.
Theatre and film.
Elsie Mackay's stage career included:
And in Broadway:
The only film in which Elsie Mackay is known to have performed, as an uncredited bit part actress, was:

</doc>
<doc id="19885917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885917" title="VAX 4000">
VAX 4000

The VAX 4000 was a family of low-end minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using microprocessors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). The VAX 4000 succeeded the MicroVAX family. It was the last family of low-end VAX systems, as the platform was discontinued by Compaq.
VAX 4000 Model 300.
The VAX 4000 Model 300, code-named ""Pele"", was introduced on 9 July 1990 at DECworld in Boston, Massachusetts, replacing the MicroVAX 3800 and 3900. It used the time-sharing KA670-AA CPU module containing a 35.71 MHz (28 ns cycle time) Rigel chip set with a 128 KB external secondary cache protected by ECC built from 84 ns SRAM. It supported one to four MS670-BA (32 MB) or MS670-CA (64 MB) memory modules for 32 to 256 MB of memory. Q-bus was used for expansion. The Model 300 could be upgraded to a Model 400, Model 500 or Model 600 by replacing the backplane, CPU and memory module(s).
VAX 4000 Model 200.
VAX 4000 Model 200, code-named ""Spitfire"", was introduced in January 1991 as replacement for the MicroVAX 3400. It was positioned beneath the VAX 4000 Model 300. It used the KA660 CPU module containing a 28.57 MHz (35 ns cycle time) SOC microprocessor. It supported 16 to 64 MB of memory.
VAX 4000 Model 500.
The VAX 4000 Model 500, code-named ""Omega/N"", was introduced on 30 October 1991, with availability in December 1991. It succeeded the VAX 4000 Model 300, but the older system remained available as a lower cost alternative. It used the KA680 CPU module containing a 71.43 MHz (14 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 100.
The VAX 4000 Model 100, code-named ""Cheetah-Q"", is an entry-level VAX 4000 system introduced on 7 July 1992. It used the KA52 CPU module containing a 72 MHz (14 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache. It supported up to 128 MB of memory.
VAX 4000 Model 400.
The VAX 4000 Model 400, code-named ""Omega"", was a distributed server, positioned as a mid-range VAX 4000 system, introduced on 7 July 1992. It used the KA675 CPU module containing a 63 MHz (16 ns) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache. It supported 16 to 512 MB of memory.
VAX 4000 Model 600.
The VAX 4000 Model 600, code-named ""Omega/N+"", was a distributed server, positioned as a high-end VAX 4000 system, introduced on 7 July 1992. It used the KA690 CPU module containing an 83 MHz (12 ns) NVAX microprocessor with and 512 KB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 100A.
The VAX 4000 Model 100A, code-named ""Cheetah-Q"", was introduced on 12 October 1993. It used the KA52 CPU module containing a 72 MHz (14 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache. It supported up to 128 MB of memory.
VAX 4000 Model 500A.
The VAX 4000 Model 500A, code-named ""Omega/N"", was introduced on 12 October 1993. It used the KA681 CPU module containing a 71.43 MHz (14 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 600A.
The VAX 4000 Model 600A, code-named ""Omega/N+"", was introduced on 12 October 1993. It used the KA691 CPU module containing an 83 MHz (12 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 512 KB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 700A.
The VAX 4000 Model 700A, code-named ""Legacy"", was introduced on 12 October 1993. It used the KA692 CPU module containing a 100 MHz (10 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 2 MB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 105A.
The VAX 4000 Model 105, code named ""Cheetah-Q+"", was introduced on 12 April 1994. It used the KA53 CPU module containing an 83 MHz (12 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 128 KB of external tertiary cache. It supported up to 128 MB of memory.
VAX 4000 Model 505A.
The VAX 4000 Model 505A, code-named ""Omega/N+"", was introduced in late August 1994. It used an 83 MHz (12 ns) NVAX microprocessor with 512 KB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 705A.
The VAX 4000 Model 705A, code-named ""Legacy+"", was introduced in late August 1994. It used the KA694 CPU module containing a 111.12 MHz (9 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 2 MB of external tertiary cache.
VAX 4000 Model 106A.
The VAX 4000 Model 106A, code-named ""Cheetah-Q++"", used the KA54 CPU module containing a 100 MHz (10 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 512 KB of external tertiary cache. It was replaced by the VAX 4000 Model 108.
VAX 4000 Model 108.
The VAX 4000 Model 108, code-named ""Cheetah-Q++"", was introduced on 8 October 1996 to replace the VAX 4000 Model 106A. It was discontinued on 30 September 2000, with the last systems shipped on 31 December 2000. It used the KA57 CPU module containing a 100 MHz (10 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor with 512 KB of external tertiary cache. It supported up to 256 Mb of memory with SIMMs using an industry standard form factor, double that of the previous model. The change from a proprietary SIMM to an industry standard SIMM was to lower costs, which also included reducing the size of the enclosure and more provisions for disks.
VAX 4000 Model 50.
The VAX 4000 Model 50, code-named ""VAXbrick"", was an upgrade for MicroVAX 3x00 or VAX 4000 Model 200. It used the KA600 CPU module containing a NVAX microprocessor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19885918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885918" title="VAX 6000">
VAX 6000

The VAX 6000 was a family of minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using processors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). Originally, the VAX 6000 was intended to be a mid-range VAX product line complementing the VAX 8000, but with the introduction of the VAX 6000 Model 400 series, the older VAX 8000 was discontinued in favor of the VAX 6000, which offered slightly higher performance for half the cost.
Cabinet.
The VAX 6000 was housed in a cabinet which contained three card cages in the upper portion: a 14-slot XMI card cage on the right for CPU and memory modules, and optional VAXBI Bus hardware on the left. The VAXBI hardware distinguished two versions of the VAX 6000 platform, XMI-1 and XMI-2. XMI-1 differed from XMI-2 by requiring a DWMBA adapter and the presence of two 6-slot VAXBI channels, whereas in the XMI-2 platform, VAXBI was an optional feature and, if required, it was provided as a single 12-slot channel. In both versions, VAXBI was provided by two 6-slot VAXBI card cages.
Below the card cages was the cooling system, which took up most of the volume in the cabinet. The bottom of the cabinet contained a provisions for an optional battery backup unit and two RA90 or RA92 hard disk drives. The battery backup unit could provide power to the system for one second in the event of a power failure, after which the system ceased to operate, but continued to preserve the data in the cache and memory for ten minutes.
The cabinet was 154 cm (60.5 in) high, 78 cm (30.5 in) wide and deep; and weighed 341 kg (750 lbs).
VAX 6333.
The VAX 6333 was a prepackaged VAXcluster of three VAX 6330 (VAX 6000 Model 330) systems. Bundled with the SA650 Storage Array, the VAX 6333 cost US$2.8 million.
VAX 6000 Model 4x0.
The VAX 6000 Model 4x0, code-named ""Calypso/XRP"", was introduced on 11 July 1989. It used the KA64A CPU module and could be configured with one to six such modules for one to six processors. The KA64A contained a 35.71 MHz (28 ns cycle time) Rigel chip set with an external 128 KB B-cache (L2 cache). The B-cache was direct-mapped and used a 64-byte cache line size with a 16-byte sub-block size. It was constructed from twenty-four 64 KB (4-bit by 16,384-word) 15 ns SRAMs. The module also contained a REXMI chip set, whose purpose was to interface the Rigel chip set's DAL (data and address line) bus to the XCI ASIC, the user side of the XMI corner interface. The REXMI chip set was composed of the XCA controller/address chip and two XCP data path chips. The XCA and XCP were ASICs developed using a standard-cell methodology and fabricated in Digital's CMOS-2 process. The Rigel chip set's DAL (data and address line) bus was interfaced to the XMI corner (a section of a XMI module containing XMI bus logic) and then to the XMI bus by the REXMI interface. A maximum of 256 MB of ECC memory was supported.
VAX 6000 Model 6x0.
Code-named ""Neptune"", it was introduced on 30 November 1991. The Model 600 used the KA66A CPU module, which contained an 83.33 MHz (12 ns cycle time) NVAX microprocessor accompanied by an external 2 MB B-cache (L2 cache) and may have one to six such modules. The NVAX was connected to the NEXMI ASIC via the NDAL bus, a 64-bit address data multiplexed system bus clocked at 27.78 MHz (36 ns cycle time). The NEXMI ASIC interfaced the NVAX to the XMI2 bus, by providing functions such as the translation of NDAL bus commands to XMI bus commands. It also implemented the ROMBUS used by supporting devices on the CPU module such as the console. The NEXMI was a semi-custom ASIC fabricated in Digital's CMOS-3 CMOS process. It contained 0.25 million transistors on a 0.595 by 0.586 inch die packaged in a custom 339-pin ceramic pin grid array (CPGA). The system supported a maximum of 1 GB of memory.

</doc>
<doc id="19885920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885920" title="Mahmood Abdulrahman">
Mahmood Abdulrahman

Mahmood Abdulrahman (Arabic: محمود عبد الرحمن; born 1984 in Muharraq), also known as Ringo, is a Bahraini footballer. He currently plays for Al Shamal Sports Club as well as the Bahrain national football team. He was named Player of the tournament when AlMuharraq won the 2008 AFC Cup.
Abdulrahman has made several appearances for the Bahrain national football team, including 14 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Ringo re-joined Muharraq again at 2010, and won the 2010-11 Bahraini Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19885927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885927" title="VAX 7000/10000">
VAX 7000/10000

The VAX 7000 and VAX 10000 were a series of high-end multiprocessor minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), introduced in July 1992. These systems used microprocessors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). These computers ran Digital's OpenVMS operating system. 
They were designed in parallel with the DEC 7000 AXP and DEC 10000 AXP server computers, and were identical except for the CPU modules used and the supported I/O bus interfaces. Digital intended customers of the VAX 7000/10000 to eventually upgrade to the Alpha-based configuration (DEC 7000/10000 AXP) by simply swapping the VAX-based CPU module(s) for those based on the Alpha.
Models.
The VAX 10000 was essentially a larger configuration of the VAX 7000. Both shared the same System Cabinet, but the VAX 10000 was configured as standard with one Expander Cabinet housing storage devices, and one Battery Cabinet housing an uninterruptible power supply. These were optional for a VAX 7000 system.
VAX 7000.
There were three models of the VAX 7000.
Model 6x0
The Model 6x0, code-named ""Laser/Neon"", was announced on 7 July 1992 in Zurich, Switzerland with the United States announcement on 15 July. It supported one to four 90.91 MHz (11 ns cycle time) NVAX+ microprocessors, with the value of "x" being 1 to 4.
Model 7x0
The Model 7x0, code-named ""Laser/Krypton"", was introduced in August 1994. It supported one to six 137.5 MHz NV5 (also known as NVAX++) microprocessors, with the value of "x" being 1 to 6.
Model 8x0
The Model 8x0, code-named ""Laser/Krypton+"", supported one to six 170.9 MHz NV5 microprocessors, with the value of "x" being 1 to 6.
VAX 10000.
There was one model of the VAX 10000 AXP, the Model 6x0. Code-named ""Blazer/Neon"", it supported one to four 90.91 MHz (11 ns) NVAX+ microprocessors, with the value of "x" being 1 to 4.
CPU module.
The initial Model 600 used the KA7AA CPU module, which contained a 90.91 MHz (11 ns cycle time) NVAX+ microprocessor with 4 MB of B-cache (L2 cache). Later, the clock frequency of microprocessor featured was increased. The Model 700 used the KA7AB CPU module containing a 133.33 MHz (7.5 ns cycle time) NVAX++, and the Model 800 used the KA7AC CPU module featuring a 170.9 MHz NVAX++. 
The CPU modules had two LEVI gate arrays which interfaced the microprocessor to the "Laser System Bus", the system bus.
Memory.
The VAX 7000/10000 supported a maximum of 3.5 GB of memory. This was a limitation of the VAX architecture, which had 32-bit addressing.

</doc>
<doc id="19885929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885929" title="VAX 8000">
VAX 8000

The VAX 8000 was a family of minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using processors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA).
VAX 8600.
The VAX 8600, code-named ""Venus"", was the successor of the VAX-11/785 introduced in October 1984. It was originally to be named "VAX-11/790", but was renamed before launch. The VAX 8600 was a successful model and at the time was the best selling high-end VAX. It was succeeded by the VAX 8800 family in 1987.
The VAX 8600 had a CPU with an 80 ns cycle time (12.5 MHz) implemented with emitter coupled logic (ECL) macrocell arrays (MCAs). The CPU consisted of four major logical sections, the E Box, F Box, I Box and M Box. The E Box executed all instructions, including floating-point instructions through microcode. It had an arithmetic logic unit (ALU) and barrel shifter. The F Box, or floating point accelerator (FPA), was an optional feature that accelerated floating-point instructions as well as integer multiplication and division. It was a two-module set consisting of an adder module and multiplier module. The adder module contained 24 macrocell arrays while the multiplier module contained 21. The I Box fetched and decoded instructions. The M Box controlled the memory and I/O, translated virtual addresses to physical addresses and contained a 16 KB data cache.
The CPU used 145 MCAs. These were large scale integration devices fabricated by Motorola in their 3 µm MOSAIC bipolar process. They were packaged in 68-pin leadless chip carriers or pin grid arrays and were mounted onto the printed circuit board in sockets or were soldered in place. An additional 1,100 small scale integration (SSI) and medium scale integration (MSI) ECL logic devices were used. These ICs were spread out over 17 modules plugged into a backplane.
The VAX 8600 supported 4 to 256 MB of ECC memory and had eight slots on the backplane for memory modules. The system originally used 4 MB memory modules populated by 32 KB metal oxide semiconductor (MOS) RAMs, which limited capacity to 32 MB. Modules with larger capacities were introduced later. The memory was controlled by the M Box, which also provided the memory array bus used to access the memory. This dedicated bus, which had an 80 ns (12.5 MHz) cycle time, contributed to the improved performance the VAX 8600 had over the VAX-11/780, which accessed memory via the Synchronous Backplane Interconnect (SBI) that was shared with I/O devices.
I/O was provided by the SBI. The VAX 8600 featured one SBI but could be configured with two. The SBIs were provided by SBI adapters that interfaced the SBI to an internal adapter bus connected to the M Box. Each SBI had 16 slots for I/O devices, although only 15 were usable as one slot was reserved for the SBI adapter. With one SBI, that SBI had a bandwidth of 13.3 MB/s. With two SBIs, they had a total bandwidth of 17.1 MB/s. The adapter bus that interfaced the SBIs to the M Box had a bandwidth of 33.3 MB/s. Unibus and Massbus were also supported, provided by adapters that plugged into the SBI. The VAX 8600 I/O cabinet contained a PDP-11 computer serving as the console, a Unibus card cage and provisions for mounting disk drives.
VAX 8650.
The VAX 8650, code-named ""Morningstar"", was a faster version of the VAX 8600 introduced on 4 December 1985. It was originally to be named "VAX-11/795", but was renamed before launch. The VAX 8600 was the last VAX to be 100% compatible with the VAX-11/780 and VAX-11/785, to have the PDP-11 compatibility mode, and to use the SBI also used by the VAX-11/78x. The CPU had a 55 ns cycle time (18.18 MHz).
VAX 8200 and VAX 8300.
The VAX 8200 and VAX 8300, code named ""Scorpio"", were mid-range minicomputers introduced on 29 January 1986. The VAX 8300 was a dual-processor variant of the VAX 8200 and, with the VAX 8800 introduced on the same date, was among the first multiprocessor VAX computers. They used the KA820 CPU module containing a V-11 microprocessor operating at 5 MHz (200 ns cycle) and supported a maximum of 128 MB of ECC memory. It had one VAXBI bus and support for an optional Unibus.
VAX 8250 and VAX 8350.
The VAX 8250 and VAX 8350 were faster models of the VAX 8200 and VAX 8300 introduced in early March 1987. They used the KA825 CPU module containing a V-11 microprocessor operating at 6.25 MHz (160 ns cycle).
VAX 8800 Family.
VAX 8800.
Code-named ""Nautilus"", this was the high-end model in the VAX 8800 family. It featured two CPUs and two VAXBI buses as standard. Development of the VAX 8800 began in August–November 1982 and it was introduced on 29 January 1986. When ""Polarstar"" systems and a new naming convention were introduced, the VAX 8800 was renamed to VAX 8820N to distinguish it from the VAX 8820 ""Polarstar"". After the name adjustments and upgrading to full SMP capability, the former VAX 8700 and VAX 8800 models became VAX 88x0 machines, where "x" represented the number of CPUs, i.e. VAX 8810, 8820, 8830 and 8840. The upgrade kit included replacement numbers affixed to the front of the machine to reflect the new designation.
VAX 8700.
The VAX 8700, code-named ""Nautilus"", was introduced in early August 1986. It was similar to the VAX 8800, but with only one CPU and VAXBI bus. It was upgradable to a VAX 8800. It became a VAX 8810 after the SMP upgrade and revised naming convention.
VAX 8550.
The VAX 8550, code-named ""Skipjack"", was introduced in early August 1986. It was similar to the VAX 8700, but was not upgradable to the VAX 8800.
VAX 8500.
The VAX 8500, code-named ""Flounder"", was a lower-performance variant of the VAX 8550, with microcode used to insert nops during operation to limit performance.
VAX 8530.
The VAX 8530, code-named ""Skipjack"", was an upgraded VAX 8500 with the nops removed for improved performance. It was introduced in early March 1987.
Polarstar.
Polarstar was a variant of Nautilus with one to four processors and an updated console processor. Models included the:
Description.
The VAX 8800 family was based on the NMI bus, which connected the CPU, memory controller and I/O adapters. The NMI bus was a 32-bit synchronous bus with a usable bandwidth of 64 MB/s.
CPU.
The VAX 8800 family central processing unit (CPU) operated at 22.22 MHz (45 ns cycle time) and was implemented with discrete emitter-coupled logic (ECL) devices spread over eight modules. The majority of the ECL devices were macrocell arrays with 1,200 logic gates, while the general-purpose registers and floating-point units were custom logic devices developed by Digital. The CPU had 64 KB of cache implemented with 10 ns and 15 ns ECL random access memory devices.
Memory.
The VAX 8800 and 8700 supported one to eight memory array modules; the VAX 8550 and 8500, one to five. The memory array modules were installed in a dedicated backplane separate from the NMI backplane. The VAX 8800 and VAX 8700 supported 4 to 32 MB of memory, the VAX 8500 and VAX 8550 4 to 20 MB, using the 4 MB memory module. When the 16 MB memory module was introduced, the memory capacity of the VAX 8800 and 8700 was increased to 128 MB, and that of the VAX 8550 and 8500 to 80 MB.
The memory system consisted of three major parts, a memory controller, a transistor-transistor logic (TTL) bus and one to eight memory array modules. The memory controller was implemented with ECL gate arrays and resided on a NMI bus module. It implemented a TTL bus to which memory array modules were connected. Two memory modules were available for the VAX 8800: a 4 MB module and a 16 MB module. The 4 MB array module was an eight-layer printed circuit board populated by metal oxide semiconductor (MOS) dynamic random access memory (DRAM) devices and medium-scale integration (MSI) FAST transistor-transistor logic (TTL) devices in roughly equal numbers. The 16 MB array module was similar to the 4 MB module, but contained eight surface-mounted daughter boards, each containing 2 MB of memory built from DRAMs.
I/O.
The VAX 8800 used the VAXBI bus for input/output. The VAX 8800 supported up to four VAXBI buses, with each bus supporting up to 16 I/O devices. The VAXBI bus was interfaced to the NMI bus by a NBI adapter containing a chip implementing the VAXBI bus protocol. The NBI adapter handled all CPU references and direct memory access (DMA) transactions to and from the I/O devices. The adapter operated at 5 MHz and asynchronously to the CPU as it generated its own clock signal. The NBI adapter consisted of two modules, the NBIA and NBIB. The NBIA was the NMI side of the adapter, and the NBIB the VAXBI side.

</doc>
<doc id="19885931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885931" title="VAX 9000">
VAX 9000

The VAX 9000, code named "Aridus" or "Aquarius", was a family of Supercomputer and mainframe computers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using processors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). "Aridus" was thought as a follow-on the VAX 8800 family line. The VAX 9000 code named "Aquarius" was positioned by Digital as its first mainframe. In reality it was Digital's second mainframe attempt, following their earlier and more successful 36-bit mainframe line (PDP-6 through DECSYSTEM-20) dating from the mid-1960s through early 1980s. In the beginning was a supercomputer for high clock speeds.
The VAX 9000 was introduced in October 1989 and faced problems such as the inability to ship large volumes. It was designed to be water-cooled using the same plumbing as IBM mainframes and code-named (“water-carrier”), but were first air-cooled (“dry”). The first models delivered were "field-upgradeable" to "Aquarius" as Model 210 follow-on but Digital officials thought nobody will require it so didn't offered it.
Roughly four dozen systems were delivered before production was discontinued. Most sites ran the VMS operating system with a few sites choosing Ultrix. The pedigree of the vectorizing Fortran compiler is not clear.
Models.
VAX 9000 Model 110.
The VAX 9000 Model 110 was an entry-level model with the same performance as the Model 210 but had a smaller memory capacity and was bundled with less software and services. On 22 February 1991, it was priced from US$920,000, and if fitted with a vector processor, from US$997,000.
VAX 9000 Model 210.
The VAX 9000 Model 210 was an entry-level model with one CPU that could be upgraded. If a vector processor was present, it was known as the VAX 9000 Model 210VP.
VAX 9000 Model 4x0.
The VAX 9000 Model 4x0 was a multiprocessor capable model, the value of "x" (1, 2, 3 or 4) denoting the number of CPUs present. These models supported the vector processor, with one vector processor supported per CPU. A maximal configuration had 512 MB of memory. The number of I/O buses supported varied, with the Model 410 and 420 supporting two XMI, ten CI and eight VAXBI; while the Model 430 and 440 supported four XMI, ten CI and 14 VAXBI.
Description.
The VAX 9000 was a multiprocessor and supported one, two, three or four CPUs clocked at 62.5 MHz (16 ns cycle time). The system was based around a crossbar switch in the system control unit (SCU), to which the one to four CPUs, two memory controllers, two input/output (I/O) controllers and a service processor connected. I/O was provided by four Extended Memory Interconnect (XMI) buses.
Scalar processor.
Each CPU was implemented with 13 Multi-Chip Units (MCUs), with each MCU containing several emitter-coupled logic (ECL) macrocell arrays which contained the CPU logic. The gate arrays were fabricated in Motorola's "MOSAIC III" process, a bipolar process with a drawn width of 1.75 micrometres and three layers of interconnect. The MCUs were installed into a CPU planar module, which accommodated 16 MCUs and was 24 by in size.
Vector processor.
The VAX 9000's CPU was coupled with a vector processor with a maximum theoretical performance of 125 MFLOPS. The vector processor circuitry was present in all units shipped and disabled via a software switch on units sold 'without' the vector processor. The vector processor was referred to as the V-box, and it was Digital's first ECL implementation of the VAX Vector Architecture. The design of the vector processor began in 1986, two years after development of the VAX 9000 CPU had begun.
The V-box implementation comprised 25 Motorola Macrocell Array III (MCA3) devices spread over three multichip units (MCUs), which resided on the planar module. The V-box was optional and was field-installable. The V-box consisted of six subunits: the vector register unit, the vector add unit, vector multiply unit, vector mask unit, vector address unit and the vector control unit.
The vector register unit, also known as the vector register file, implemented the 16 vector registers defined by the VAX vector architecture. The vector register file was multi-ported and contained three write ports and five read ports. Each register consisted of 64 elements, and each element was 72 bits wide, with 64 bits used to store data and 8 bits used to store parity information.
References.
Dileep Bhandarkar and Richard Brunner, VAX Vector Architecture, Proc. 17th Annual Symposium on Computer Architecture (17th ISCA'90), Computer Architecture News (CAN), ACM SIGARCH, vol. 18, no. 2, Seattle, WA, June 1990, pp. 204–215.

</doc>
<doc id="19885937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885937" title="VAXft">
VAXft

The VAXft was a family of fault-tolerant minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using processors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). "VAXft" stood for "Virtual Address Extension, fault tolerant". These systems ran the OpenVMS operating system, and were first supported by VMS 5.4. Two layered software products, VAXft System Services and VMS Volume Shadowing, were required to support the fault-tolerant features of the VAXft and for the redundancy of data stored on hard disk drives.
Architecture.
All VAXft systems shared the same basic system architecture. A VAXft system consisted of two "zones" that operated in lock-step: "Zone A" and "Zone B". Each zone was a fully functional computer, capable of running an operating system, and was identical to the other in hardware configuration. Lock-step was achieved by hardware on the CPU module. The CPU module of each zone was connected to the other with a crosslink cable. The crosslink cables carried the results of instructions executed by one CPU module to the other, where they were compared by hardware with the results of the same instructions executed by the latter to ensure that they were identical. The two zones were kept synchronous by a clock signal carried by the crosslink cables. When a hardware failure occurred in one of the zones, the affected zone was brought offline without bringing down the other zone, which continued to operate as normal. When repairs were completed, the offline zone was powered on and automatically resynchronized with the other zone, restoring redundancy.
VAXft Model 310.
The VAXft Model 310, introduced as the VAXft 3000 Model 310, code named ""Cirrus"", was introduced in February 1990 and shipped in June. It was the first VAXft model, and was DEC's first fault-tolerant computer that was generally available. At the 1991 launch of new VAXft models, the VAX 3000 Model 310 was renamed to follow the new naming scheme, becoming the VAXft Model 310. The Model 310 had a theoretical maximum performance of 3.8 VUPs.
When announced, the Model 310 had a starting price of US$200,000. In August 1990, slow sales prompted DEC to reduce the US price of the Model 310 to US$168,000.
It used the KA520 CPU module containing a 16.67 MHz (60 ns cycle time) CVAX+ chip set with 32 KB of external secondary cache. The system contained two such CPU modules, one in each zone, running in lock-step.
VAXft Model 110.
The VAXft Model 110, code named ""Cirrus"", was an entry-level model announced on 18 March 1991 alongside three other models. The Model 110 was essentially a low-cost model of the VAXft Model 310, and had a theoretical maximum performance of 2.4 VUPs.
It contained two zones packed side by side in an enclosure. Compared to the Model 310, it was limited in expandability in regards to memory, storage capacity and available options. It was available in either a pedestal or rackmount configuration. The rackmount configuration was a pedestal without the plastic covers or casters that fitted in a standard 19-inch RETMA cabinet.
Each zone had a five-slot backplane for a KA510 CPU module, one to three 32 MB MS520 memory modules, one or two KFE52 system I/O controller modules and one or two DEC WANcontroller 620 (DSF32) wide area network (WAN) communications adapters. The leftmost slot was the first slot. The primary system controller resided in the first slot, the CPU module in the second, and the memory modules in the third, fourth and fifth slots. The second system I/O controller resided in either the fourth and fifth slots and the WAN communications adapters also in the fourth and fifth slots. The most basic system contained a CPU module, a memory module and a system I/O controller.
The DEC WANcontroller 620 was designed for use in VAXft systems. It provided two synchronous lines, each with a bandwidth of 64 KB. The lines could be operated as two independent lines or paired to provide redundancy.
VAXft Model 410.
The VAXft Model 410, code named ""Cirrus II"", was a mid-range model announced on 18 March 1991 alongside three other models. Originally supposed to ship in June or July 1991, it was delayed until September 1991, with the reason given by DEC being that it wanted to tune a new release of VMS for the system. The Model 410 was identical to the Model 310, but used the KA550 CPU module containing a 28.57 MHz (35 ns cycle time) SOC microprocessor with 128 KB of external secondary cache. It supported up to 256 MB of memory. The Model 410 had a theoretical maximum performance of 6.0 VUPs.
VAXft Model 610.
The VAXft Model 610, code named ""Cirrus II"", was a mid-range model announced on 18 March 1991 alongside three other models. Originally supposed to ship in June or July 1991, it was delayed until September 1991, with the reason given by DEC being that it wanted to tune a new release of VMS for the system.
The Model 610 was architecturally identical to the Model 410, except that the two zones were packaged vertically a 60" high cabinet, with Zone A above Zone B. The cabinet had more storage capacity than the systems packaged in pedestals, and for this reason the Model 610 was intended for data centers. It could have one or two expander cabinets placed on the left and right of the system for additional storage devices. These cabinets were front to rear cooled.
VAXft Model 612.
The VAXft Model 612 was a high-end model announced on 18 March 1991 alongside three other models. Originally supposed to ship in June or July 1991, it was delayed until September 1991, with the reason given by DEC being that it wanted to tune a new release of VMS for the system. The Model 810 was a VAXcluster of two VAXft Model 610s with an expansion cabinet positioned between the two systems as standard. It had a theoretical maximum performance of 12.0 VUPs. A second expansion cabinet could be added between the two system cabinets.
VAXft Model 810.
The VAXft Model 810, code named ""Jetstream"", was a high-end model introduced in October 1993 instead of the targeted introduction date in the late summer or early fall of 1992. The system was developed by DEC, but was manufactured by an Italian industrial manufacturer, Alenia SpA. It had a theoretical maximum performance of 30.0 VUPs.
The Model 810 was a third generation VAXft system. It contained two zones vertically packaged in a cabinet. An optional expansion cabinet could be connected to the system, in addition to two uninterruptable power supplies, one for each zone.
It used the KA560-AA CPU module, which contained two 83.33 MHz (12 ns cycle time) NVAX+ microprocessors with 512 KB of B-cache (L2 cache). The module's two microprocessors operated a in lock-step fashion, and like previous VAXft systems, there were two such CPU modules in a system, one in each of the two zones, which operated in a lock-step fashion.
The Model 810 cabinet was 60.0 cm (24 in) wide, 170.0 cm (67 in) high and 86.0 cm (34 in) deep.

</doc>
<doc id="19885938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885938" title="VAXserver">
VAXserver

The VAXserver was a family of minicomputers developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) using processors implementing the VAX instruction set architecture (ISA). The VAXserver models were variants of various VAX-based computers which were configured to only run operating systems which were licensed for network server use and not interactive time-sharing use. This was accomplished with different CPU modules and firmware.
VAXserver models include:

</doc>
<doc id="19885940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885940" title="Landkreis Freystadt i. Niederschles.">
Landkreis Freystadt i. Niederschles.

The Landkreis Freystadt i. Niederschles. was a district of the German state Prussia from 1816 to 1945. It was part of the Prussian Province of Lower Silesia, before 1919 the Prussian Province of Silesia. On 1 January 1945 it included:

</doc>
<doc id="19885943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885943" title="Polar diagram">
Polar diagram

A Polar diagram could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19885954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885954" title="LYS (sailing)">
LYS (sailing)

LYS is an acronym for Leading Yard Stick, formerly Lidingö Yard Stick. LYS is an empirically based handicapping system used in yacht racing in the nordic countries. The handicap system was developed in 1970 by the Swedish yacht designer Lars-Olof Norlin. He based the system on regatta results from the Round Lidingö Race. His own design, Allegro 27, was used as the benchmark and is by definition assigned a LYS value of 1.00.
Every yacht model has a LYS number based on results in regattas or, for new models, based on a velocity prediction program (VPP) as in IMS and some other hadicapping systems. The LYS number is multiplied with the measured time in order to get the handicap corrected time. Thus, a yacht with LYS 1.30 needs to sail at least 30% faster than a yacht with LYS 1.00 to win over it. Trimarans of the type open OMRA 60, designed for racing only, have LYS values above 3.0.
As the system is empirically based the LYS number for each individual model might be subject for evaluation and eventually change. This particularly applies to new models based on VPP. The system enables yachts of all sizes and types to compete with each other. LYS 1.00 would equal an average boatspeed of 4.5 knots in a circular at 5.0 m/s.
LYS numbers.
The numbers are agreed on by an internordic group. The group is responsible for maintaining a standard list, and agree on LYS values for models that are not yet on the list. If there are sufficient numbers of a specific model, the model will become a standard model. 
The standard list is under constant review and change, and an updated list can be found at Seiling.org.
The list as of October 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19885968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885968" title="Both Sides Live">
Both Sides Live

Both Sides Live is a live album by American rock band The Hooters released in 2008.
Background.
"Both Sides Live" contains 25 tracks recorded live in Philadelphia, with 13 songs being electric songs recorded at the Electric Factory on November 21 & 23, 2007 during the band's traditional Thanksgiving holiday concerts and 12 acoustic songs recorded on February 28 and March 1, 2008 at keyboard player Rob Hyman's Elm Street Studios in front of a small studio audience.

</doc>
<doc id="19885980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885980" title="Addicted to Love (TV series)">
Addicted to Love (TV series)

Addicted To Love is a Singaporean and Malaysian co-production Chinese drama which is being telecast on Malaysia's free-to-air channel, ntv7. It made its debut on October 22, 2008 and ended its run on December 10, 2008. The drama consists of a total of 30 episodes. It was screened on every weekday night, 10:00 pm. This will be the second Malaysian series to be screened on Channel U after The Thin Line when it debuts on Dec 23 2011, weekdays at 6 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="19885986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19885986" title="Thanasis Giannakopoulos">
Thanasis Giannakopoulos

Thanasis Giannakopoulos (born in 1931) (Greek: Θανάσης Γιαννακόπουλος) is a Greek businessman, and a former pro sports club owner. 
Vianex.
Giannakopoulos and his brother, Pavlos Giannakopoulos, are the owners of the pharmaceutical corporation Vianex, which was originally founded in 1924, by their father, Dimitrios Giannakopoulos, as a small local import and distribution firm. Vianex currently manufactures and markets, in Greece and elsewhere, a variety of products, in collaboration with leading international firms. The company reported net sales of €240.2 million euros in 2012. 
In 2006, Pavlos' personal fortune was estimated to be €400 million euros, one half of the Giannakopoulos brothers' €800 million euros business empire.
Panathinaikos Athens.
From 1987 to 2012, the Giannakopoulos brothers owned Panathinaikos B.C., Panathinaikos V.C., and all of the Panathinaikos club's amateur sports sections, from the athletics department, to the water polo department. Thanasis was also the Chairman of the volleyball and amateur sections. Their involvement with the club brought Panathinaikos' basketball team their greatest successes, in both domestic and European competitions. 
Thanasis was also the President of the basketball club, from 2002 to 2012. Through 2012, Panathinaikos had won 13 out of the last 15 Greek Basket League championships (excluding the 2001-02, and 2011-12 seasons) and the Euroleague championship in the years 1996, 2000, 2002, 2007, 2009, and 2011. The club, during that time, also featured some of the best basketball players from Greece, along with star players from abroad, such as Byron Scott, Dominique Wilkins, and Dejan Bodiroga.
The basketball section of the club alone had a reported budget of €35 million in 2009. In 2011, Thanasis and his brother Pavlos, won the Euroleague Club Executive of the Year Award. In 2012, Thanasis' nephew, Dimitris Giannakopoulos, the son of his brother, Pavlos, took over control of Panathinaikos.

</doc>
<doc id="19886002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886002" title="Handbook of the Mammals of the World">
Handbook of the Mammals of the World

Handbook of the Mammals of the World is a book series from the publisher Lynx Edicions. The 8 volumes will be published from 2009. Each mammal family is assessed in a full text introduction with photographs and each species has a text account with a distribution map and illustrations on a plate. This is the second major project by Lynx Edicions since the release of the "Handbook of the Birds of the World" in 1992. The chief editors are Russell Mittermeier and Don E. Wilson in association with Conservation International, the Texas A&M University and the IUCN. Don E. Wilson is also editor of the reference work "Mammal Species of the World".
Published Volumes.
Volume 1: Carnivores (published in May 2009).
With an introduction to the Class Mammalia by Don E. Wilson
The first volume is devoted to Carnivora. It covers 13 families and the details to the taxonomy, range, habitat, reproduction, behavior, and conservation status of 245 species. It has more than 400 colour photographs and 257 distribution maps. The 33 colour plates are created by Catalan artist Toni Llobet. This book mentioned the Olinguito or Andean Olingo for the first time, a species from Ecuador and Colombia, which was officially described in 2013.
Groups covered in this volume are as follows:
Other details: Size: 31 x 24 cm. Pages: 728 pp. ISBN 978-84-96553-49-1
Volume 2: Hoofed Mammals (published in August 2011).
The second volume is devoted to the Ungulates (Hoofed Mammals). It covers 54 genera, 17 families in six orders and the details to the taxonomy, range, habitat, reproduction, behavior, and conservation status of 279 species. It has 664 colour photographs and 433 distribution maps. The 56 colour plates are created by Catalan artist Toni Llobet.
Groups covered in this volume are as follows:
Other details: Size: 31 x 24 cm. Pages: 886 pp. ISBN 978-84-96553-77-4
Volume 3: Primates (published in April 2013).
The third volume is devoted to the primates. It covers 17 families and the details to the taxonomy, range, habitat, reproduction, behavior, and conservation status of 470 species. The 57 color plates are created by English wildlife artist Stephen D. Nash.
Groups covered in this volume are as follows:
Other details: Size: 31 x 24 cm. Pages: 951 pp. ISBN 978-84-96553-89-7
Remaining Volumes.
Volume 4: Sea Mammals.
Scheduled for publishing in May 2014. The following groups will be covered in this volume
Other details: Size: 31 x 24 cm. Pages: tba ISBN 978-84-96553-93-4

</doc>
<doc id="19886007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886007" title="Holding the Void">
Holding the Void

Holding the Void is the self-titled album by Joseph Arthur's side project of the same name. "Holding the Void" was recorded in late 2002 and released in early 2003 in limited quantities on Joseph's website and at his live shows. The album is described on Joseph's website as "pure rock 'n' roll." Holding the Void features Joseph on vocals and guitar, Pat Sansone (of Wilco and The Autumn Defense) on bass and backing vocals, and Rene Lopez (solo musician; frequent collaborator with Joseph Arthur) on drums and backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="19886025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886025" title="Landkreis Sprottau">
Landkreis Sprottau

The Landkreis Sprottau was a district of the German state Prussia from 1816 to 1945. It was part of the Prussian Province of Lower Silesia, before 1919 the Prussian Province of Silesia. Its present-day successors are Powiat Żagański and Powiat Polkowicki. On 1 January 1945 it included:

</doc>
<doc id="19886034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886034" title="Bendable">
Bendable

Bendable may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19886037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886037" title="Aiza Gazuyeva">
Aiza Gazuyeva

Aiza Gazuyeva (also transliterated Gazueva and variably known as Aizan, Elza, Luisa or Luiza) was a young Chechen woman who became the first "shahidka" (Chechen female suicide bomber). In November 2001, Gazuyeva assassinated through suicide attack the Russian General Gaidar Gadzhiyev (or Geidar Gadzhiev), commandant of the Urus-Martan military district in Chechnya, the man she believed was directly responsible the death of her husband. This spontaneous attack was unclaimed by the Chechen rebels.
Not much is known for sure about Gazuyeva, a semi-legendary figure in Chechnya, who at the time of her death was either 18 or 20 years old. It is said that she had lost a husband (they were married only for two months), two brothers, and a cousin in the war before her spontaneous revenge attack. In one traumatic event, her disabled brother (who had lost both legs to a land mine in the first war) was shot dead without reason by the Russian troops near their family home. Gadzhiyev, an ethnic Avar military officer commonly accused by locals of atrocities against civilians, reportedly summoned Gazuyeva to witness the death of her arrested husband, brutally killing him with a knife and then pulling her head into the gaping stomach wound. According to the other version, the general told Gazuyeva that he killed her husband with his own hands during an interrogation.
On November 29, 2001, Gazuyeva blew herself up with a bundle of hand grenades after she approached the general and a group of other Russian soldiers in front of the military commandant's office (Rus. "komendatura"). Reportedly, her last words were: "Do you recognize me?", to which Gadzhiyev replied: "I have no time to talk to you!" - after the general's answer, Gazuyeva detonated the grenades hidden under her clothes. Gazuyeva died instantly, her head blown off several meters away. Gadzhiyev, who was wearing a flak jacket, was critically wounded (losing both of his eyes and one arm) and died of his injuries days later. Two other Russian soldiers were also killed in the blast and two more were injured.
The incident was followed by a wave of severe reprisals by federal forces against family of Aiza Gazuyeva and the local population. The soldiers blew up the home of Gazuyeva and her parents, as well as the houses belonging to at least four other families, while several men from Gazuyev's family were detained and beaten. Soon after the attack, 72 people were detained in the city of Urus-Martan and some of them were reported to having been "disappeared". One day after the general's assassination, several people were detained in the nearby village of Alkhan-Yurt and some of them were later found murdered (on December 13, disfigured bodies of several men killed by explosive devices were discovered in Chechnya and later identified as residents of three villages in the Urus-Martan region who had disappeared early in December, including four who were among those detained in Alkhan-Yurt: Lom-Ali Yunusov, his relative Musa Yunusov, Shamil Dzhemaldayev and Aslan Taramov).

</doc>
<doc id="19886053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886053" title="Listen, Anarchist!">
Listen, Anarchist!

Listen, Anarchist! is an influential 1987 essay by Chaz Bufe on the internal dynamics of the American anarchist movement.
In this essay, Bufe launches heavy criticism against anarcho-primitivists, including Fredy Perlman and the Vancouver Five eco-terrorist group, as well as the publications "Fifth Estate", "Resistance", "The Spark", and "Open Road". In a section entitled "What Can Be Done?", Bufe advocates minimal use of violence in revolutionary political struggle, condemning the vanguardist "urban guerillas" of insurrectionary anarchism. He criticizes these and other so-called "lifestyle" anarchists in the movement for deliberately alienating mainstream society, and falling to victim to dangerous irrationality and mysticism. 
In his account of "marginalised" anarchists, Bufe criticises the anti-work tendency in contemporary anarchism, accusing some of its advocates of being parasites of those who do work. In response, Feral Faun wrote an article called "The Bourgeois Roots of Anarcho-Syndicalism" in which he claims that the endorsement of work showed that anarcho-syndicalists "embrace the values essential to capitalism", only objecting to who is in charge. The Summer 2005 issue of "Green Anarchy" included an "update on workerist morality", in which they characterised "Listen, Anarchist!" as Sam Dolgoff's "Relevance" and Murray Bookchin's "Listen Marxist!" poorly rewritten by Bufe to "shake his fist at all the young rapscallions who were throwing rocks at his perfect, beautiful philosophy."
In the introduction to the second edition, Janet Biehl proposes that many of the tendencies within anarchism that Bufe criticises stem from its individualist wing, inspired by the philosophy of Max Stirner, which she maintains is the source of "lifestyle anarchists" who are at odds with the ethical socialist tradition of anarchism. Biehl criticises the perceived lack of concern for morality among post-left anarchists such as Bob Black.
Allan Antliff described the work as "abusive", and said that its distribution by the Workers Solidarity Alliance belied the organisation's pretensions of anti-sectarianism. Mutualist Kevin Carson recommended the pamphlet as suggested reading for "getting from here to there".

</doc>
<doc id="19886055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886055" title="Canarsie High School">
Canarsie High School

Canarsie High School is a public high school in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Canarsie in New York City. 
Student demographics.
84.51% Black or African American, 11.47% Hispanic or Latino, 2.07% White non-Hispanic, 1.66% Asian and 0.28% Native American. The student/teacher ratio is 22.0. The school is part of School District #18.
Notable alumni.
Lead Rapper of Legendary rap Group The Fat Boys Rapper,Producer, Songwriter, Actor, Philanthropist

</doc>
<doc id="19886099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886099" title="Claudia Jung">
Claudia Jung

Claudia Jung (born Ute Krummenast April 12, 1964 in Ratingen, North Rhine-Westphalia), is a German Schlager singer, actress, and politician.
Biography.
From 1974 till 1980, Claudia Jung attended the school Liebfrauenschule in Ratingen. As a child she took guitar lessons and during her schooltime she sang in the Amt-Angerland-Chor. Before her career in show business she worked as a photo lab technician, a dental assistant and a tourist guide in Italy. Every now and then she performed as a non-professional singer.
In 1984, she met the music producer Adam Schairer with whom she subsequently made experimental recordings. She made her first single releases in collaboration with Schairer and the composer and producer Jean Frankfurter as well as the lyricist Erich Offierowski. The debut album "Halt' mich fest" ("Hold me tight") was released in 1988. Since 1999 her albums have been produced by Hans Singer with André Franke as co-producer.
During her career, Claudia Jung has achieved multiple gold and platinum records. She has also been awarded various prizes such as the Echo-Preis, Goldene Stimmgabel and the Fred-Jay-Textdichterpreis. Jung has had duets with many international stars including Richard Clayderman (e.g. "Je t'aime mon amour"), Rosanna Perinic ("Domani l'amore vincerà"), Nino de Angelo ("Hand in Hand") and Cliff Richard ("Mistletoe and Wine"). She sings mainly in her native language, German, but has also interpreted songs in English, French and Italian.
In 2004, she recorded a duet "Heut' fliegt ein Engel durch die Nacht" with her daughter Anna.
Since November 2007, Claudia Jung has been the protector of a childcare project for traumatized children who have lost faith in themselves, other people and the surrounding world.
In 2008, she debuted as actress, appearing as the female lead in the television series of the ARD (First German channel): Das Musikhotel am Wolfgangsee (The Musical hotel on Lake Wolfgang).
On March 2, 2008 Claudia Jung - officially Ute Singer - was elected as representative of the group Freie Wähler in the county council of Pfaffenhofen. She also works as a councilwoman of the Christliche Wählergemeinschaft in the community of Gerolsbach. In the state election on September 28, 2008 Claudia Jung was elected as representative of the Freie Wähler in the Landtag of Bavaria.
During his career, Claudia Jung has sold more than 445,000 records, most albums. The most commercially successful album was the same name "Claudia Jung".
Private life.
Claudia Jung's first husband was her former manager Jürgen Evers, whom she married in Düsseldorf on 1 September 1993. The marriage ended the following year and they were divorced. At the same time Jung met current husband Hans Singer, whom she married in 1997. The couple has a daughter, Anna Charlotte born August 4, 1997. Hans Singer has a son, David, a few years older. The family has lived since 1998 in a farm in Gerolsbach, district of Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm (Upper Bavaria). They have many animals living on the farm (about fifty between horses, goats, dogs and cats, etc.) Claudia Jung is an animal-friend, respecting and loving nature, and among her passions is vegetarianism.
In early 1994, Claudia Jung, following a bad fall from her horse (equestrianism is her favorite sport), suffered a double fracture of the skull base. Some months later she also suffered a paralysis of the vocal cords, which forced her into a period of rest and to halt her touring. Her comeback in September of that year, with the song "Je t'aime mon amour" in tandem with the pianist Richard Clayderman, however, was phenomenal. This romantic ballad (in German and French version) is one of her greatest hits. In 2005, Claudia Jung again suffered a paralysis of the vocal cords, which once again forced her for a few months to halt some of her touring.

</doc>
<doc id="19886114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886114" title="Christian Heinrich Bünger">
Christian Heinrich Bünger

Christian Heinrich Bünger (1782–1842) was professor of anatomy and was the first surgeon to introduce rhinoplasty.
Education.
He received his MD in c. 1805 from the University of Helmstedt under Justus Ferdinand Christian Loder and Gottfried Christoph Beireis.
Career.
Bünger was professor of anatomy at the University of Marburg. He was an expert and innovator in operations on the nerve, lymph, and arterial systems, especially arterial ligations. He was the first to work out the exact natural positions of the auditory apparatus of animals and humans. Bünger was also a specialist in plastic surgery, especially of the nose and eyelids. He was the first to introduce rhinoplasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19886154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886154" title="Robert Hall, Baron Roberthall">
Robert Hall, Baron Roberthall

Robert Lowe Hall, Baron Roberthall, KCMG, CB (6 March 1901 – 17 September 1988) was an Australian born economist who served as chief economic advisor to the British government from 1947 to 1961.
Life.
Robert Hall was born in Tenterfield, New South Wales, Australia in 1901. His father was an English mining engineer. while his mother was a first-generation Australian, whose father was Scottish. He was brought up in Queensland, where he attended Ipswich State High School. He obtained a degree in engineering at the University of Queensland, before becoming a Rhodes scholar at the University of Oxford in 1923. Having obtained a first class degree in Modern Greats in 1926, he was appointed as a fellow of Trinity College, Oxford, where he taught until the onset of World War II. 
During the war he worked in the Ministry of Supply in Washington DC and on the Board of Trade. In 1947, he succeeded
James Meade as the Director of the Economic Section of the Cabinet Office of the British government; from 1953 until 1961 he was chief economic advisor to successive Chancellors of the Exchequer. 
He was knighted in 1954 and made a life peer in 1969 as Baron Roberthall, of Silverspur in the State of Queensland and Commonwealth of Australia, and of Trenance, in the County of Cornwall. In the 1970s and 1980s he served actively in the House of Lords, latterly as a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was president of the Royal Economic Society from 1958 to 1960. He was invited to give the Rede lecture (on "Planning") in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19886225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886225" title="Laibacher Zeitung">
Laibacher Zeitung

Laibacher Zeitung was the largest and most influential newspaper in Ljubljana in the 18th and 19th centuries. It was written in German and published daily from 1778 to 1918. In its first period, it was published with the supplement "Intelligenzblatt" aimed at spreading knowledge among the general public. After 1804, it was published with the supplement "Wochenblatt zum Nutzen und Vergnügen", replaced in 1818 by the supplement "Illyrisches Blatt", which was then published until 1849. "Illyrisches Blatt" was the center of Slovene cultural creativity. Its contributors were the Slovene national poet France Prešeren and other influential Slovene intellectuals such as Matija Čop, Miha Kastelic, Franc Malavašič, and Janez Bleiweis.
After the establishment of the Slovene-language newspaper "Kmetijske in rokodelske novice" in 1842, the influence of the "Laibacher Zeitung" declined because it gradually became the herald of the German-speaking community in the Slovene lands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19886279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886279" title="List of A6 roads">
List of A6 roads

This is a list of roads designated A6.

</doc>
<doc id="19886280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886280" title="List of A7 roads">
List of A7 roads

This is a list of roads designated A7 :

</doc>
<doc id="19886291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886291" title="Jerker Johansson">
Jerker Johansson

Jerker Johansson (born May 19, 1956) is a Swedish investment banker and was the Chief Executive Officer of UBS Investment Bank and member of the Group Executive Board at UBS AG between February 13, 2008 and April 27, 2009.
Biography.
Johansson received a Master's degree in Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics in 1979 and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business in 1986. During this time, he was part of Bankers Trust's Graduate Training Program and worked for Chase Manhattan Bank.
He later went to work at Morgan Stanley Europe, and became a Vice Chairman and member of their Management Committee. Johansson joined Morgan Stanley as a Summer Associate in 1985.
From 2002 to 2005, Johansson was the head of the Institutional Equity Division of Morgan Stanley Europe. In August 2005, he was named Co-Head of Combined Sales and Trading, consisting of the Institutional Equity Division and the Fixed Income Division. From April 2007, he was co-head of sales and trading with responsibility for clients and services, prime brokerage and solely responsible for sales and trading in capital markets.
In February 2008, Johansson was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of UBS Investment Bank. He also serves as a member of the UBS AG Group Executive Board.
On 27 April 2009, Johansson "resigned with immediate effect" and was replaced by Alex Wilmot-Sitwell and Carsten Kengeter as Co-CEOs of the Investment Bank.
Activities.
Johansson is a member of the Stanford Business School Advisory Board, a Trustee of Tower Hamlets Educational Business Partnership and a Business Leader at Community Links, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19886314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886314" title="Musa Uzunlar">
Musa Uzunlar

Musa Uzunlar (Born. 1959 Antalya), Musa Uzunlar currently acts Reşat role in Turkish serial named Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne?. He played a lot of different role in Turkish serials and theaters.
References.
Musa Uzunlar - İskender Büyük 

</doc>
<doc id="19886332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886332" title="Gwilliam Iwan Jones">
Gwilliam Iwan Jones

Gwilym Iwan Jones (3 May 1904 – 25 January 1995) was a Welsh photographer and anthropologist. His photographs of life in Nigeria in the 1930s, taken whilst serving as a colonial civil servant, led to an interest in ethnology and a second career as an academic at the University of Cambridge.
Life.
Jones was born in South Africa and grew up in Chile and England, studying at St. John's School, Leatherhead before winning a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford. He then worked for the Colonial Service in Nigeria (1926–1946), serving as District Officer for Bende and the surrounding area. He became interested in the culture of the peoples of southeastern Nigeria, using a Rolleiflex camera to build up an extensive record of life in the area at the time. Amongst other topics, his photographs show masks being used in performance, and shrines. He married Ursula Whittall in 1939 and his interest in ethnology led him to return to England as Lecturer in Anthropology at the University of Cambridge, a post he held in conjunction with a Fellowship of Jesus College, Cambridge. He was a noted scholar on African issues, returning on various occasios to Nigeria for research. He retired in 1971, but continued to write and remained active within Jesus College.

</doc>
<doc id="19886334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886334" title="Grzegorz Gilewski">
Grzegorz Gilewski

Grzegorz Gilewski (born February 24, 1973 in Radom, Poland) is a Polish football referee. 
On 9 November 2008 Gilewski was detained by CBA in an investigation related to match-fixing in Polish football. He was charged the next day with three crimes: match-fixing, accepting bribes worth 120,000 PLN (ca. 30,000 EUR) and participation in an organised criminal group.
He was preselected as a referee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19886335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886335" title="List of recalled video games">
List of recalled video games

This is a list of video games that had been recalled for various reasons after their initial release and then rereleased on a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="19886337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886337" title="Brazil (public relations agency)">
Brazil (public relations agency)

Brazil is an independently owned public relations, social and digital communications agency, with headquarters in central London, founded by Joshua Van Raalte in 2003. The agency has offices in New York City, Boston and Doha, Qatar and a joint venture in Brazil with Central Press.
Brazil has sector expertise in financial services, healthcare, technology & telecoms, retail & e-commerce, professional services, construction and energy, sport and general consumer.
Brazil has been at the forefront of alternative and online financial services, advising crowdfunding and peer to peer funding businesses in both Europe and the USA.
The agency's Doha office focuses on public affairs, investor relations, energy and natural resources, financial services, property and construction.
Agency clients include: Honda (UK & Europe), AXA Insurance, swiftcover.com, 118 118, Funding Circle, Fitness First, The Gillette Company, Pinsent Masons, Regus, Penderyn Whisky, Principality Building Society, kgb (Knowledge Generation Bureau), ChangeGroup, Coastal Contacts (LensWay in Europe).
The agency has also worked with The North Face, AOL, Woolworths Group, BT Group, CDnow, Psion, O2, Wipro Technologies.
It led the UK and European launch of BlackBerry.
Brazil is a sponsor of Oxford University RFC, the rugby union club of the University of Oxford, the oldest rugby club in England.
118 118.
Brazil created the high-profile and controversial campaign for directory enquiries company 118 118 in 2003, fueling a nationwide debate involving 1970s long-distance runner David Bedford over the use of his personal image.

</doc>
<doc id="19886355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886355" title="Trials related to the September 11 attacks">
Trials related to the September 11 attacks

This page lists trials related to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. 
Zacarias Moussaoui.
Zacarias Moussaoui was in jail in Minnesota when the September 11 attacks unfolded. On December 11, 2001, Moussaoui was indicted by a federal grand jury in United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on six federal charges: conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries, conspiracy to commit aircraft piracy, conspiracy to destroy aircraft, conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction, conspiracy to murder United States employees, and conspiracy to destroy property. The indictment of Zacarias Moussaoui named as unindicted co-conspirators Ramzi Bin al-Shibh and Mustafa al-Hawsawi, among others, for their role in the attack "to murder thousands of innocent people in New York, Virginia and Pennsylvania."
On January 12, 2002, Moussaoui refused to enter any plea to the charges and so Judge Leonie Brinkema entered pleas of not guilty. A hearing was held on April 22, 2002, to determine his right to self-representation, for by then Moussaoui had declined the assistance of his court-appointed attorneys, and asked to defend himself. At another hearing on June 13, 2002, Brinkema deemed him competent to defend himself and allowed the case to move forward. However, Moussaoui later requested the occasional assistance of attorneys to help him with technical issues.
Moussaoui admitted his involvement with al-Qaeda, but claimed he was not involved in the 9/11 attacks. Rather, he claimed that he was preparing for a separate attack. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had earlier told investigators that Moussaoui met with him prior to September 11, but that he, Mohammed, chose not to use him. No evidence directly linking Moussaoui to the 9/11 attacks has yet been released.
The trial highlighted a tension in the United States between the judiciary and national security. Moussaoui made requests for access to confidential documents and the right to call captive al-Qaeda members as witnesses, notably bin al-Shibh, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi. Both requests were claimed by prosecutors to be potential threats to national security. Brinkema denied the motion to access confidential documents, although Moussaoui was permitted to use several al-Qaeda prisoners as witnesses.
Brinkema put the death penalty "off limits" on October 2, 2003, in reply to government defiance of her order to provide access to Moussaoui's witnesses. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the Brinkema ruling, holding that the US government could use summaries of interviews/interrogations of these witnesses. On March 21, 2005, the United States Supreme Court, without comment, declined to hear Moussaoui's pre-trial appeal of the Fourth Circuit's decision, returning the case to Brinkema.
On April 22, 2005, in one of the court sessions near the end of that phase of the proceedings, Moussaoui surprised the whole audience by pleading guilty to all charges, while at the same time denying having any intention to produce a massacre like 9/11. He said that it was not his conspiracy, and that he intended to free Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman. According to Moussaoui, his master plan was to hijack a Boeing 747-400, since the plane is one of a few that could reach Afghanistan from the US without any intermediate stops.
On February 6, 2006, Moussaoui shouted "I am al-Qaeda. They do not represent me; they are Americans," referring to his attorneys while being escorted from the courtroom in front of 120 potential jurors.
In March 2006, during the Moussaoui trial, several premises made headlines, including FBI agents stating that the bureau was aware, years before the attacks in 2001, that al-Qaeda planned to use planes to destroy important buildings, and Brinkema's decision to consider dismissal of the death penalty. Brinkema announced her decision in response to a violation by the attorney for the Transportation Security Administration, Carla Martin, of a pretrial order barring witnesses from exposure to any opening statements or trial testimony. Martin had e-mailed seven Federal Aviation Administration officials describing opening statements of the prosecution and commentary on government witnesses from the start of the testimony, effectively 'coaching the witnesses'. Brinkema said, "In all the years I've been on the bench, I have never seen such an egregious violation of a rule on witnesses," and described the situation as a "significant error by the government affecting the... integrity of the criminal justice system of the United States in the context of a death case." However, days later, under significant media attention, Brinkema decided not to dismiss the case, and instead ruled that witnesses could not testify and the government would be allowed to continue to seek the death penalty.
On March 27, 2006, Moussaoui testified that he and "shoe bomber" Richard Reid had planned to crash a hijacked airplane into the White House in the September 11 attacks. No direct connection between Moussaoui and Reid had ever before been alleged, and this testimony contradicted earlier testimony by Moussaoui that he had been intended for an operation after September 11. When asked why he had previously lied, he stated that "You're allowed to lie for jihad. You're allowed any technique to defeat your enemy." There has been commentary in the mainstream media that Moussaoui's preference to die as an identified 9/11 plotter rather than receive a life sentence as a member of an unrealized scheme throws doubt on his self-admitted connection to 9/11.
Since Moussaoui was in jail in Minnesota when the September 11 attacks unfolded in seeking a death sentence, prosecutors were required to prove that he "intentionally participated in an act... and the victim died as a direct result of the act." Moussaoui admitted he knew about the attacks and did nothing to stop them.
Having entered a guilty plea, Moussaoui was eligible for the death penalty. Germany said it would not release evidence against Moussaoui unless the US promised not to seek death as punishment. On April 27, 2005, French Justice Minister Dominique Perben said, "When France gave elements of information about Mr Moussaoui to the American justice, I obtained a written engagement of the United States not to use these elements to require or execute the death penalty."
On March 13, 2006, Brinkema recessed the death-penalty case against Moussaoui because of a breach against the rules on witnesses. Seven FAA officials were previously sent emails by TSA attorney Carla Martin outlining the prosecution's opening statements and providing commentary on government witnesses from the first day of testimony. Martin was placed on administrative leave over the incident and may face contempt of court charges. On March 14, 2006, Brinkema ruled that the prosecution could continue to seek the death penalty against Moussaoui, but could not use key witnesses coached by Martin. On April 3, 2006, the jury in his case decided that Moussaoui was eligible for the death penalty.
At Moussaoui's sentencing trial, FBI agent Greg Jones testified that prior to the attacks, he urged his supervisor, Michael Maltbie, "to prevent Zacarias Moussaoui from flying a plane into the World Trade Center." Maltbie had refused to act on 70 requests from another agent, Harry Samit, to obtain a warrant to search Moussaoui's computer.
On May 3, 2006, the jury reached a verdict: that Moussaoui be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Moussaoui was sentenced to six consecutive life terms on May 4, as Judge Brinkema expressed her belief that the sentence was an appropriate one, inasmuch as it would deprive Moussaoui of "martyrdom in a great big bang of glory" and of the "chance to speak again", after Moussaoui entered the courtroom proclaiming his victory and asserting that the United States would "never get Osama bin Laden". As he was leaving the courtroom he said, "America, you lost and I won." And he clapped his hands twice. A single juror saved Moussaoui from death. The foreman of the 12-person federal jury told "The Washington Post"that the panel voted 11-1, 10-2 and 10-2 in favor of the death penalty on the three charges for which Moussaoui was eligible for execution.[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/11/AR2006051101884.html] A unanimous vote on any one of the three terrorism charges was required to return a death sentence.
On May 8, 2006, Moussaoui filed papers with the federal court in Alexandria, Virginia requesting to withdraw his guilty plea, stating that his earlier claim of participation in the September 11 plot was a "complete fabrication." He said that he was "extremely surprised" that he was not sentenced to death. "I now see that it is possible that I can receive a fair trial even with Americans as jurors," he said. However, federal sentencing rules forbid pleas to be withdrawn after a sentence has already been executed, and Moussaoui had already waived his rights to appeal.
On May 13, 2006, a group of US marshals ordered Moussaoui out of his holding cell in Alexandria, Virginia and flew him, via Conair, from Virginia to Colorado to begin serving his sentence at the supermax United States Penitentiary Administrative Maximum Facility, located in Florence, Colorado. The facility - considered the most secure federal penitentiary—is called the "Alcatraz of the Rockies". He is federal prisoner number 51427-054.
On July 31, 2006, the 1,202 exhibits presented during the case of "United States v. Zacarias Moussaoui" were posted online, marking the first time the exhibits of a criminal case in US courts were so published.
On November 20, 2007, Judge Brinkema publicly stated that the US government had provided incorrect information about evidence in the Moussaoui trial and that due to those actions, she was considering ordering a new trial in a related terrorism case, that of Ali al-Timimi, a Virginia Muslim cleric. Brinkema said that she could no longer trust the CIA and other government agencies on how they represent classified evidence in terror cases after Moussaoui case prosecutors admitted that the CIA had assured her that no videotapes or audiotapes existed of interrogations of certain high-profile terrorism detainees, but later, in a letter made public Nov. 13, two such videotapes and one audio tape were made known.
Mounir El Motassadeq.
Mounir El Motassadeq, a Moroccan living in Germany who belonged to the Hamburg cell apartment owned by Mohamed Atta and lived in by many other people who would later go on to lead the September 11, 2001 attacks, in February 2003 was convicted in Germany of over 3,000 counts of accessory to murder in direct relation to the September 11 attacks, but the conviction was rejected on appeal. Though the German Justice Ministry pressed the United States to allow Ramzi bin al-Shibh to testify, the US refused, and the verdict and sentence were set aside. 
Motassadeq was re-tried and convicted on August 19, 2005 of "membership in a "terrorist organization". That conviction was also rejected in appeal.[http://today.reuters.com/business/newsarticle.aspx?type=tnBusinessNews&storyID=nL19618150],[http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/08/19/Moroccan_convicted050819.html],[http://www.suntimes.com/output/terror/cst-nws-cell20.html],[http://www.guardian.co.uk/september11/story/0,11209,1552975,00.html]
On February 7, 2006, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court ordered an early release of Motassadeq. The highest court of Germany ruled there was an absence of proof that Motassadeq was informed about the September 11 terrorist plot.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4690712.stm]
On November 15, 2006, the German Federal Supreme Court ruled on the appeals: They considered the evidence as sufficient to prove that Motassadeq knew about and was involved in the preparation of the plan to hijack the planes and is hence guilty of accessory in 246 counts of murder. This is the number of victims that died in the planes but does not include the victims on ground. The "Oberlandesgericht" (state supreme court) in Hamburg then took up the trial again in order to decide on the sentencing.Two days later, the Federal Supreme Court also revoked the release order and Motassadeq was arrested again. On January 8, 2007, he was sentenced by the "Oberlandesgericht" Hamburg to 15 years in prison, the maximum sentence possible under German law. The Federal Constitutional Court of Germany did not accept to revise his case. On May 2 the Federal Court of Justice of Germany rejected a plea for revision. His lawyers are currently thinking about both calling upon the European Court of Human Rights and trying to get the case reopened - his two ultimate legal choices left.[http://de.wikinews.org/wiki/Revision_im_El-Motassadeq-Prozess_abgewiesen
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi, Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Walid Bin Attash.
On February 11, 2008, US Department of Defense charged Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as well as Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi, Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Walid Bin Attash for the September 11 attacks under the military commission system, as established under the Military Commissions Act of 2006. 
These individuals were arrested in 2002-2003 in Pakistan and held by CIA in undisclosed locations.
On September 6, 2006, American President George W. Bush confirmed, for the first time, that the CIA had held "high-value detainees" in secret interrogation centers. He also announced that fourteen senior captives, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, were being transferred from CIA custody, to military custody, at Guantanamo Bay and that these fourteen captives could now expect to face charges before Guantanamo military commissions.
In a September 29, 2006 speech, President Bush stated "Once captured, Abu Zubaydah, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed were taken into custody of the Central Intelligence Agency. The questioning of these and other suspected terrorists provided information that helped us protect the American people. They helped us break up a cell of Southeast Asian terrorist operatives that had been groomed for attacks inside the United States. They helped us disrupt an al Qaeda operation to develop anthrax for terrorist attacks. They helped us stop a planned strike on a US Marine camp in Djibouti, and to prevent a planned attack on the US Consulate in Karachi, and to foil a plot to hijack passenger planes and to fly them into Heathrow Airport and London's Canary Wharf."
In March 2007, Mohammed testified before a closed-door hearing in Guantánamo Bay. According to transcripts of the hearing released by the Pentagon, he said "I was responsible for the 9/11 operation, from A to Z." The transcripts also show him confessing to: organizing the 1993 World Trade Center bombing; the Bali nightclub bombings; and Richard Reid's attempted shoe bombing. He also confessed to planning attacks on Heathrow Airport and Big Ben clock tower in London, Pearl's murder in 2002, and planned assassination attempts on Pope John Paul II, Pervez Musharraf and Bill Clinton.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as well as Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi, Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali and Walid Bin Attash have reportedly been charged with the murder of almost 3000 people, terrorism and providing material support for terrorism and plane hijacking; as well as attacking civilian objects, intentionally causing serious bodily injury and destruction of property in violation of the law of war. The charges against them list 169 overt acts allegedly committed by the defendants in furtherance of the September 11 events". 
The charges include 2,973 individual counts of murder—one for each person killed in the 9/11 attacks.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7437164.stm]
The US government is seeking the death penalty, which would require the unanimous agreement of the commission judges.
Possible guilty plea.
On December 8, 2008, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his four co-defendants told the judge stating that they wished to confess and plead guilty to all charges. The plea will be delayed until mental competency hearings for Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi and Ramzi bin al-Shibh can be held; Mohammed said, "We want everyone to plead together."</ref>
Spencer Ackerman, writing in the "Washington Independent", reported that Presiding Officer Stephen Henley had to consider whether he was authorized to accept guilty pleas.
Transfer of the Case to a Civilian Court.
On 13 November 2009 US Attorney General Eric Holder announced that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Ramzi Bin al-Shibh, Walid bin Attash, Ali Abdul Aziz Ali and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi will all be transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York for trial. He also expressed confidence that an impartial jury would be found "to ensure a fair trial in New York."
On 21 January 2010 all charges have been withdrawn in the military commissions against the five suspects in the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks being held at Guantanamo Bay. The charges were dropped "without prejudice" - a procedural move that allows federal officials to transfer the men to trial in a civilian court and also leaves the door open, if necessary, to bring charges again in military commissions.
In February 2010 "Fox News" reported that the legal counsel of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, and the legal counsel of several other captives, was halted without warning.
The attorneys had made the trip to Guantanamo in the usual manner—a trip that requires advising authorities of the purpose of their trip. However, upon their arrival in Guantanamo, they were informed they were no longer allowed to see their clients. They were told that letters to their clients, telling them that they had travelled to Cuba, to see them, could not be delivered, as they were no longer authorized to write to their clients. Camp authorities told them that since the charges against their clients had been dropped, while the Department of Justice figured out where to charge them, they no longer needed legal counsel. Camp authorities told them that, henceforward, all access to the captives had to be approved by Jay Johnson, the Department of Defense's General Counsel.
Fox reported that during earlier periods when the charges had been dropped the captives had still been allowed to see their attorneys. Fox claimed that questions they asked camp authorities lead to the captives' access to their attorneys being restored.
Transfer of the case back to a military commission.
On 7 January 2011 US President Barack Obama signed National Defense Authorization Act which explicitly prohibits the use of US Defense Department funds to transfer detainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States or other countries. It also bars Pentagon funds from being used to build facilities in the United States to house detainees, as the president originally suggested. The move essentially barred the administration from trying detainees in civilian courts. The president objected to the provision in the bill before signing it, calling it "a dangerous and unprecedented challenge to critical executive branch authority" but also said his team would work with the US Congress to "seek repeal of these restrictions." 
On 4 April 2011 Attorney General Eric Holder announced that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other 9/11 terror suspects will face a military trial at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. In announcing his decision, Holder blasted Congress for imposing restrictions on the Justice Department's ability to bring the men to New York for civilian trials. "After thoroughly studying the case, it became clear to me that the best venue for prosecution was in federal court. I stand by that decision today," Holder said. "As the president has said, those unwise and unwarranted restrictions (imposed by Congress) undermine our counterterrorism efforts and could harm our national security. Decisions about who, where and how to prosecute have always been - and must remain - the responsibility of the executive branch." Holder insisted, "We were prepared to bring a powerful case against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his four co-conspirators - one of the most well-researched and documented cases I have ever seen in my decades of experience as a prosecutor." He added, "Had this case proceeded in Manhattan or in an alternative venue in the United States, as I seriously explored in the past year, I am confident that our justice system would have performed with the same distinction that has been its hallmark for over 200 years." Holder had promised to seek the death penalty for each of the five men and on 4 April he warned that it is an "open question" if such a penalty can be imposed by a military commission if the defendants plead guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="19886388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886388" title="Chelsea Branch Railroad">
Chelsea Branch Railroad

Chelsea Branch Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19886429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886429" title="Lexington in the American Civil War">
Lexington in the American Civil War

Lexington, Kentucky was a city of importance during the American Civil War, with notable residents participating on both sides of the conflict. These included John C. Breckinridge, Confederate generals John Hunt Morgan and Basil W. Duke, and the Todd family, who mostly served the Confederacy although one, Mary Todd Lincoln, was the first lady of the United States, wife of President Abraham Lincoln.
Prominent families.
Among the well known of Lexington's families were the Todds. Abraham Lincoln's wife Mary Todd Lincoln was born there on December 13, 1818. She left in 1839 from the family home to live with her sister in Springfield, Illinois, where she would meet Abraham Lincoln in 1842. She went back to Lexington in 1847 to introduce her family to Lincoln on their way to Washington, D.C. for Lincoln's one term as Congressman. The Lincolns returned twice more to the city in 1849 and 1850, the latter to cope with the death of a son. The Todd family was split apart by the war. Mary's father Richard Smith Todd had fourteen children, of whom six chose the Union side, while eight others went for the Confederacy. Save for Levi Todd, the Todds that remained in Lexington during the war were pro-Confederate, and did not hide their preference.
Also affected were the Breckinridges and Clays. Robert J. Breckinridge was called "the strongest and sturdiest champion of the Union south of the Ohio". However his nephew John C. Breckinridge, Vice President of the United States under Lincoln's predecessor James Buchanan, two of his sons (Willie and Robert Jr.), and a son-in law joined the Confederacy. Of Henry Clay seven grandsons, three sided with the North, and four went for the South.
The Morgans, on the other hand, were in one mind and were sympathetic to the Confederacy.
1860 – 1862.
Lexington was preparing for the war even before Lincoln's election. When Kentucky governor Beriah Magoffin established pro-Southern Home Guards in March 1860, the Lexington Rifles were the first to join. When Lincoln was elected President, United States flag stopped being displayed in the city. When news of the Battle of Fort Sumter reached Lexington, the leader of the Lexington Rifles, John Hunt Morgan, telegraphed Confederate President Jefferson Davis to offer assistance, and raised the Confederate flag above the city's woolen factory.
The first conflict in Lexington took place in August 1861. Union cavalry arrived in the city on August 21st, numbering 200. Lexington Home Guard with Confederate sympathies quickly arrived on the scene. Former United States Vice President John C. Breckinridge, a resident of the city, negotiated between the Union cavalry and Confederate home guard, allowing the cavalry to safely depart the city. On September 19 a strong Union force returned the city, with orders to disarm the home guard. Then Captain John Hunt Morgan led Confederate sympathizers from the city, to rendezvous with other Confederates by the Green River. The Union force would make the city a stronghold, and established a prison and hospital in the town.
The Confederates would return to the city following the Battle of Richmond. On September 2, 1862, Major General Edmund Kirby Smith led 11,000 Confederate soldiers into the city, discovering that Union forces had destroyed their (Union) government stores before skedaddling from the city. The residents of Lexington cheered the boys in gray, prompting Smith to cable the Confederate government, saying, "They have proven to us that the heart of Kentucky is with the South in this struggle." 
Following the Battle of Perryville, the Confederates left the city on October 8, with Union forces returning on October 16. However, on October 18 Morgan had returned to Lexington and captured Union Major Charles B. Seidel at Ashland, the former home of Henry Clay. Morgan reequipped his men, destroyed the military supplies of the city, and left. However, during the short firefight, the Confederates had managed to fire on other Confederates, causing John Hunt Morgan's brother Wash to be mortally wounded. Wash Morgan was taken to the Morgan family home of Hopemont to die.
1863 – 1865.
In the first three months of 1863, war refugees sympathetic to the Union arrived in the city. These mostly consisted of whites from eastern Tennessee, and escaped slaves.
Morgan made his last return to the city on June 8, 1864. Having lost his better soldiers in the previous year's Morgan's Raid, these men proceeded to loot the city. At least $13,000 in varied monies and $25,000 of horses were taken, with clothing stores looted as well. Morgan left for Cynthiana, Kentucky, where he was defeated, causing him to leave Kentucky for Virginia. Morgan was killed in Greenville, Tennessee the following September.
In February 1865 John C. Breckinridge was selected to be the Secretary of War. At the end of the war he left the country until given amnesty in 1868.
Aftermath.
In 1868 John Hunt Morgan was reinterred in Lexington Cemetery. Including his brother-in-law Basil W. Duke, they are two of seven Civil War generals buried in the cemetery.
There are four monuments to the Confederacy located in Lexington. Two are by the old courthouse: the John Hunt Morgan Memorial (1911) and the John C. Breckinridge Memorial (1887). The other two are in Lexington Cemetery: the Confederate Soldier Monument in Lexington (1893) and the Ladies' Confederate Memorial (1874). There are no monuments to the Union in Lexington, unlike Louisville, where only one of the four monuments is for Confederates.

</doc>
<doc id="19886430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886430" title="The Vine Church">
The Vine Church

The Vine Church is an Independent Christian church located in Hong Kong, based within the Wanchai district. The Vine church was featured in Religion & Ethics as one of the key churches in leveraging Hong Kong as a gateway to evangelism in China.
The Vine band is notable for the "upbeat rock" worship music they play and have recently gone on tour through Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19886438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886438" title="Baranówka">
Baranówka

Baranówka may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19886457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886457" title="Mario Erb">
Mario Erb

Mario Erb (born 16 June 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SpVgg Unterhaching.
Career.
Erb joined Bayern Munich in 1996, and progressed through the junior team, where he was part of the under-17 team that were national champions in 2007. In October 2008, he made his debut for the Bayern reserve team, replacing Daniel Sikorski in a 1–1 draw at Fortuna Düsseldorf. He made one more appearance in the 3. Liga that season, and 15 the following year, and established himself as a regular player during the 2010–11 season. With the departure of Maximilian Haas in January 2011, Erb was named as reserve team captain for the remainder of the season. He was unable to prevent the team being relegated, however, and he signed for Alemannia Aachen of the 2. Bundesliga in summer 2011. Erb was injured six games into his first season at Aachen, and had to sit out the remainder of the season, which ended in his second consecutive relegation. Aachen were relegated in the 2012–13 season as well, so Erb left the club in summer 2013, returning to Munich to sign for SpVgg Unterhaching.
International career.
Erb has represented the Germany youth team at under-17 to under-20 level, and played in all seven matches as the team finished third at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19886463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886463" title="1978 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1978 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1978 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Touring Cars. The title, which was the 19th Australian Touring Car Championship, was won for the second time by Peter Brock.
For the second time in the history of the championship, the point score regulation which specified that not all results counted had an effect on the championship outcome. Bob Morris finishing the series on 53 points, two less than championship winner Peter Brock, after Morris lost the two points awarded for his fifth placing at Amaroo Park. Third in the championship was the consistent Rod Stevens driving his Under 3.0 litre Ford Escort RS2000. Stevens benefited from the point system that favoured the small class cars by giving bonus points for class placings.
In his first ATCC since 1973, five time series champion Ian Geoghegan won his ninth and last ever ATCC race when he drove his Bob Jane owned Holden Torana to a surprise win in Round 4 at Sandown. In what would be his last ATCC season, Geoghegan finished 13th in the championship.
Calendar.
The championship was contested over an eight round series.
Classes.
Car competed in two engine displacement classes: 
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the first six placegetters in each of the two classes.
Bonus points were awarded on a 4-3-2-1 basis to the first four placegetters irrespective of class.
Only the best six scores counted towards the championship totals.
Where a round was contested in two parts, points were allocated on a 20-16-13-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first 14 place-getters in each part and then aggregated. If more than one driver attained the same total, the superior round placing was awarded to the driver who was higher placed in the last part. Championship points were then awarded for the round.
Championship results.
Note: Cars marked with an asterisk competed in the “Up to and including 3000 cc” class.

</doc>
<doc id="19886499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886499" title="IMZ">
IMZ

IMZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19886507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886507" title="Lev Lipatov">
Lev Lipatov

Lev Nikolaevich Lipatov (; born 2 May 1940, Leningrad) is a Russian physicist, well known for his contributions to nuclear physics and particle physics. He is the head of Theoretical Physics Division at St. Petersburg's Nuclear Physics Institute of Russian Academy of Sciences in Gatchina. He is an Academician of the Russian Academy of Sciences. 
For the long period he worked with Professor Vladimir Gribov, laying a basis for a field theory description of deep inelastic scattering and annihilation (Gribov-Lipatov evolution equations, later known as DGLAP, 1972). He wrote significant papers of the Pomeranchuk singularity in Quantum chromodynamics (1977) what resulted in deriving the BFKL evolution equation (Balitsky-Fadin-Kuraev-Lipatov), contributed to the study of critical phenomena (semiclassical Lipatov's approximation), the theory of tunnelling and renormalon contribution to effective couplings. 

</doc>
<doc id="19886521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886521" title="Message Format Language">
Message Format Language

Message Format Language (MFL) is a BEA proprietary language to describe the layout of binary data, and defines rules to transform the binary data in typed data.
A Message Format Language (MFL) document is a specialized XML document used to describe the layout of binary data. It is a BEA proprietary language used to define rules to transform formatted binary data into XML data. An MFL document conforms to the mfl.dtd, which includes elements and attributes used to describe each field of data, as well as groupings of fields (groups), repetition, and aggregation. 
When you create a business services or proxy services of Messaging Service type, you can select MFL types as the request message type or the response message type of the service. 
You use BEA Format Builder to create MFLs. When you define the hierarchy of a binary record, the layout of fields, and the grouping of fields and groups, the information is saved as an MFL document that can then be used to perform run-time translations. An MFL document can also be used in Format Builder to generate the corresponding DTD that describes its content model.
For more information visit "Using the AquaLogic Service Bus Console" on Oracle's site.
MFL can be used by the Oracle Service Bus (OSB) to assist in the creation of service types as part of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) implementations.

</doc>
<doc id="19886529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886529" title="Wind power in Serbia">
Wind power in Serbia

Wind power is a fledgling source of renewable energy in Serbia; nevertheless Green Star Alternative Energy, inc. has constructing the first wind farm in Serbia through its Belo Blato Wind Energy Project. The project is divided into 2 phases. The first phase includes a 20 megawatts (MW) wind farm which began operating in 2009. The second phase includes development of additional 300-MW of wind generated power.

</doc>
<doc id="19886540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886540" title="Asarum marmoratum">
Asarum marmoratum

Asarum marmoratum is a species of wild ginger known by the common name marbled wild ginger. 
It is native to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, as well as adjacent slopes of the Cascade Range. It is a plant of moist high-elevation forests and rocky mountainsides. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb with hairy green leaves with bright cream-white colored marbling. The leaves are heart-shaped to kidney-shaped to nearly round. Flowers appear at ground-level. They consist of three coarsely hairy sepals which are dark greenish brown outside and dark reddish inside. The fruit is a fleshy capsule containing many seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19886567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886567" title="Phenpromethamine">
Phenpromethamine

Phenpromethamine is a member of the phenethylamine family. It is a stimulant, and is currently banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19886595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886595" title="George Washington Tryon">
George Washington Tryon

George Washington Tryon, Jr. (20 May 1838 – 5 February 1888) was an American malacologist who worked at the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia. 
Biography.
George Washington Tryon was the son of Edward K. Tryon and Adeline Savidt. In 1853 he attended the Friends Central School in Philadelphia.
In 1859, Tryon became a member of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia. He was largely responsible for the construction of new buildings for the Academy, especially, in 1866, a section for malacology. In 1869 he became the conservator in this malacological section.
In 1865, together with a group of American malacologists, he founded (and financed) the American Journal of Conchology. This ended in 1872.
In 1879 he started the "Manual of Conchology; structural and systematic; with illustrations of the species", volume 1, series 1. When he died, nine volumes of the first series had been published. For two years, from 1887 until 1888, when he died, his assistant was Henry Augustus Pilsbry. Thereafter, Pilsbry continued as editor of the ongoing multi-volume "Manual of Conchology". The work was continued until 1935. At that date, 45 volumes had been published.
Tryon named more than 5,600 new species, and can be considered as one of the most prolific malacologists. His important collection (more than 10,000 specimens) made the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia the center of malacological studies in the 19th century.
The freshwater snail genus "Tryonia" is named in his honor.
Bibliography.
Tryon published more than 1,000 articles and books.
Manual of Conchology.
"Manual of Conchology, structural and systematic, with illustrations of the species". The illustrations in this work were created by Dr. E. J. Nolan.
Note: there are old synonyms in names of some volumes.
Manual of Conchology. Second series: Pulmonata.
"Manual of Conchology, structural and systematic, with illustrations of the species. Second series: Pulmonata". Altogether there are 28 volumes:
Volumes after 1888 has Tryon as an author, they were edited by Henry Augustus Pilsbry:
Other volumes are not attributed to George Washington Tryon:

</doc>
<doc id="19886599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886599" title="Jordan Patrick">
Jordan Patrick

Jordan Daniel Patrick (born 14 October 1992 in Luton) is an English footballer who plays as a striker.
Career.
Luton Town.
Young striker Jordan Patrick was thrown into the Hatters' first-team squad during an injury crisis in mid-October 2008, having only just turned 16 years of age.
A product of Luton Town's youth academy, Patrick was handed a place on the substitutes' bench for a home game with Accrington Stanley on 18 October 2008. He had been excused from lessons at challney high school for boys the day before in order to be able to train with the first team for the game at Kenilworth Road.
Patrick set the record for the youngest ever footballer to play for Luton Town, after coming on a substitute in the 82nd minute in a 2–2 away draw at Grimsby Town on 21 October 2008, aged 16 years and seven days. He set up Tom Craddock's equaliser deep into injury time to secure a point. Patrick made a second appearance from the bench in Luton's 3–0 defeat to Shrewsbury Town on 1 November 2008.
Upon bringing Patrick into the first-team squad, manager Mick Harford said, "Jordan is a striker who has done very well in the Under-16s and he may be involved, we don't know yet.
"He's a local boy but he hasn't played a lot of football. I spoke to Alan Neilson and Gregg Broughton, our Youth Team Coaches, about promoting one or two of the kids through to give them an opportunity because of the situation we're in with injuries and his name kept cropping up in conversation.
"I brought him in this morning from school to train with the first-team and he's going back to school this afternoon. He has got good movement and I liked what I saw.
"I don't want to do it but circumstances mean I've had to do it. I wouldn't do it just for the sake of it and it's needs must really."
Spalding United (loan).
In December 2009, Patrick joined non-league side Spalding United on loan to gain valuable first-team experience. 
Spalding were in the Unibond First Division South and Patrick scored against Leek Town
Luton Town.
Patrick did not play for Luton again until the 2010–11 season, where he came on as a substitute in an FA Trophy victory over Welling United on 14 December 2010.
Hitchin Town (loan).
In February 2011 Patrick was loaned to Hitchin Town 
Luton Town.
Patrick was released at the end of 2010-2011 season after not being given a professional contract. The club said that he along with strike partner Liam Toomey who was also released needed a fresh start and a new challenge. Both players were wished good luck in the future.
Kettering.
Patrick spent a brief spell at Blue Square Bet Premier Division Side Kettering Town 
. Patrick sat Ketterings historic first game at Nene Park on the bench
Arlesey Town.
Patrick was signed by Arlesey Town of the Evo-Stik League Southern Premier Division in August 2011
In January 2012 Patrick scored a first half brace against Weymouth 
In November 2012 Patrick appeared as a substitute in the 3-0 loss to Coventry City F.C. in the F.A.Cup replacing another former Hatter Sol Davis.
Barton Rovers.
At the end of the 2012-13 season Patrick spent a short time at Barton Rovers
Bedford Town.
In the summer of 2013 Patrick signed for Bedford Town.
Patrick was given his first start in Bedford Town's 3-2 win over AFC Totton.

</doc>
<doc id="19886643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886643" title="Yair Peretz">
Yair Peretz

Yair Peretz (, born 1954) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas from 1999 until being convicted of fraudulently obtaining an academic degree in March 2006.
Biography.
Born in Morocco, Peretz made aliyah to Israel in 1961. After his national service in the IDF (in which he served in the Nahal), he worked as a social worker.
In 1999 he was elected to the Knesset on the Shas list. During his first term as an MK, he chaired the committee on Foreign Workers and the Labour, Welfare and Health committee, and was also the chairman of the Shas parliamentary group. He was re-elected in 2003 and remained chair of the party's parliamentary group.
In December 2004 the Knesset House Committee revoked Peretz's parliamentary immunity so that he could be charged with breach of trust, fraud and attempted conspiracy. The charges related to alleged attempts to obtain a bachelor's degree in psychology from Bar-Ilan University, which was uncovered by a police wiretap.
After being convicted of fraudulently obtaining an academic degree in March 2006, he resigned from the Knesset and was replaced by Ofer Hugi (who himself was later imprisoned for various charges related to forgery and fraud).

</doc>
<doc id="19886649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886649" title="Asclepias albicans">
Asclepias albicans

Asclepias albicans is a species of milkweed known by the common names whitestem milkweed and 
wax milkweed. It is native to the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts of California, Arizona, and Baja California. This is a spindly erect shrub growing usually 1 to 3 meters tall, but known to approach four meters. The sticklike branches are mostly naked, the younger ones coated in a waxy residue and a thin layer of woolly hairs. Leaves are ephemeral, growing in whorls of three on the lower branches and falling off after a short time. They are linear in shape and up to 3 centimeters long. The inflorescence is an umbel appearing at the tips of the long branches and sprouting from the sides at nodes. The inflorescence contains many small purple-tinted greenish flowers, each with a central array of bulbous hoods, and corollas reflexed back against the stalk. The plant may flower in any season except summer. The fruit is a large, long, thick follicle which dangles in bunches from the branch nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19886678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886678" title="Seb Stegmann">
Seb Stegmann

Sebastian Stegmann (born 12 April 1989 in Isleworth) is a rugby union player for London Welsh RFC in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a winger.
He attended Cranleigh School as a youngster and during his time in Harlequins academy, he spent several games playing for Esher RFC.
Stegmann scored his first try for Quins 1st XV on 22 March 2009 against Sale Sharks.
On 25 February 2013, Sebastian Stegmann would leave Harlequins to join London Welsh on a two-year contract for the 2013/14 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19886691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886691" title="Panagiotis Angelopoulos">
Panagiotis Angelopoulos

Panagiotis Angelopoulos (alternate spellings: Panayiotis, Aggelopoulos) (Greek: Παναγιώτης Αγγελόπουλος) is a Greek businessman and a shipping and steel magnate. He is also the co-owner of the professional Greek Basket League and Euroleague basketball team Olympiacos, along with his brother Giorgos Angelopoulos. Panagiotis Angelopoulos has an estimated wealth of €2.8 billion. His brother, Giorgos Angelopoulos, has an estimated wealth of €2 billion. Together, the Angelopouloi brothers have an estimated combined fortune of €4.8 billion.
Angelopoulos family.
Angelopoulos is the son of the Greek shipping and steel magnate Konstantinos Angelopoulos. He is also the brother of Giorgos Angelopoulos.
Olympiacos B.C..
Angelopoulos and his brother Giorgos, won the Euroleague Club Executive of the Year Award in the year 2012, after their basketball club, Olympiacos B.C., won the Euroleague 2011-12 season's championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19886694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886694" title="Nilam">
Nilam

Nilam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19886702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886702" title="Amiphenazole">
Amiphenazole

Amiphenazole (Daptazile) is a respiratory stimulant traditionally used as an antidote for barbiturate or opiate overdose, usually in combination with bemegride, as well as poisoning from other sedative drugs and treatment of respiratory failure from other causes. It was considered particularly useful as it could counteract the sedation and respiratory depression produced by morphine but with less effect on analgesia. It is still rarely used in medicine in some countries, although it has largely been replaced by more effective respiratory stimulants such as doxapram and specific opioid antagonists such as naloxone.

</doc>
<doc id="19886705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886705" title="Ali Demi">
Ali Demi

Ali Demi (1918 - 1943) was an Albanian hero of World War II, born in Filiates, Greece in 1918, and died in battle fighting German forces in Vlora, Albania in 1943. 
Biography.
Ali Demi studied at the Qemal Stafa High School, in Tirana, Albania. In May 1944, the Greek People's Liberation Army formed and named a mixed unit of both Greeks and Cham Albanians in his honor, the IV "Ali Demi" battalion.
Ali Demi Street and Ali Demi (neighborhood) in Tirana, are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19886713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886713" title="Okayama Planet Search Program">
Okayama Planet Search Program

The Okayama Planet Search Program (OPSP) was started in 2001 with the goal of spectroscopically searching for planetary systems around stars. It reported on the detection of 3 new extrasolar planets: (18 Delphini b, ksi Aql b, and 41 Lyncis b), around intermediate-mass G and K giants 18 Delphini, Xi Aquilae, and HD 81688. Also, it updated the orbital parameters of HD 104985 b, the first planet discovered around the G giants from the survey, by using the data collected during the past six years. Since 2001, it has been conducting a precise Doppler survey of about 300 G and K giants using a 1.88m telescope, the High Dispersion Echelle Spectrograph (HIDES), and an iodine absorption cell I2 cell at the Okayama Astrophysical Observatory (OAO).

</doc>
<doc id="19886721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886721" title="Social software engineering">
Social software engineering

Social Software Engineering (SSE) is a branch of software engineering that is concerned with the social aspects of software development and the developed software. 
SSE focuses on the socialness of both software engineering and developed software. On the one hand, the consideration of social factors in software engineering activities, processes and CASE tools is deemed to be useful to improve the quality of both development process and produced software. Examples include the role of situational awareness and multi-cultural factors in collaborative software development. On the other hand, the dynamicity of the social contexts in which software could operate (e.g., in a cloud environment) calls for engineering social adaptability as a runtime iterative activity. Examples include approaches which enable software to gather users’ quality feedback and use it to adapt autonomously or semi-autonomously. 
SSE studies and builds socially-oriented tools to support collaboration and knowledge sharing in software engineering. SSE also investigates the adaptability of software to the dynamic social contexts in which it could operate and the involvement of clients and end-users in shaping software adaptation decisions at runtime. Social context includes norms, culture, roles and responsibilities, stakeholder’s goals and interdependencies, end-users perception of the quality and appropriateness of each software behaviour, etc. 
The participants of the 1st International Workshop on Social Software Engineering and Applications (SoSEA 2008) proposed the following characterization:
Thus, SSE can be defined as “the application of processes, methods, and tools to enable community-driven creation, management, deployment, and use of software in online environments”.
One of the main observations in the field of SSE is that the concepts, principles, and technologies made for social software applications are applicable to software development itself as software engineering is inherently a social activity. SSE is not limited to specific activities of software development. Accordingly, tools have been proposed supporting different parts of SSE, for instance, social system design or social requirements engineering

</doc>
<doc id="19886724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886724" title="Diwali in Gujarat">
Diwali in Gujarat

Diwali is the major Indian celebration, which takes place in autumn. In Gujarat the Diwali celebrations take on a number of distinct characteristics. It occurs in the second (dark) lunar fortnight ("Krishna Paksha") of the month of Ashvin (Gujarati "Aaso") and the first (bright) fortnight ("Shukla Paksha") of Kartika (Guj. "Kartik"). Aaso is the last month of the Gujarati calendar, and Kartik the first. 
From Aaso vad Agyaras (11th day from full/no moon) to Dev Diwali people lit the diyas (now uses lamp series also) to decorate the house, which protects them from evil spirits as believed.
Diwali in Gujarat is also special because Gujarat observes at least five-day official holiday from day of Diwali till day of Labh Pancham, which may get extended sometimes to seven and start early from day of Bhai-beej
Agyaras.
"Agyaras" occurs on "Aso vad 11", the 11th dark day of Aso.
Gujaratis begin their Diwali celebrations before Dhan Teras, on the 11th day of aaso. The day is devoted to preparing the choicest snacks and dry fruits, to wish new year to relatives & neighbours.
Vaagh Baras.
"Vaagh Baras" (repeatedly and wrongly referred to as 'vagh-baras'), where 'vaak' means 'vaani' or Goddess Saraswati in a broader sense, occurs on "Aso vad 12", the 12th dark day of Aso.: This is also known as "Govatsa dwadashi" and "Guru Dwadashi". On this day the cow and calf are worshiped. People clear their account ledgers (khata) today and do not enter into new transactions using new ledgers until after Labh Panchm.
Vaak Baras is repeatedly mispronounced as Vagh Baras. "Vagh" also means "tiger" in Gujarati. It is thus celebrated with references to tigers. In some Dhodia villages, some men colour themselves in stripes representing the Vagh and others as plain white or other colours denoting cattle. The tiger chases the cattle. Finally, at the end of the sport, the village inhabitants eat food together at a common place and celebrate.
Dhanteras.
"Dhanteras" occurs on "Aso vad 13", the 13th dark day of Aso.: Most communities worship the goddess of wealth, Lakshmi, by performing puja. Material wealth in the form of gold jewelry and money (or old coins/Diamonds) are often used to represent wealth in these worship ceremonies. Gujaratis believe money spent on this day will bring prosperity to their family and home during the coming year.
Kali Chaudash.
Kali means Dark (evil) and Chaudas - Fourteenth. Thus, celebrated 14th day of Ashwin, Kali Chaudas is the day allotted to the worship of Maha-Kali or Shakti and is believed that on this day Kali killed the wicked Raktavija. Also referred to as Narak-Chaturdashi, Kali Chaudas is day to abolish laziness and evil which create hell in our life and shine light on life. The strength to protect others is referred as Kali, and if its used for God's work it is called Mahakali.
Kali Chaudous is also attached to the legend of Lord Hanuman. Hanumanji as a baby was very hungry. Whilst lying down he saw the sun in the sky and thought it was a fruit and went to pick it. He flew into the sky and put the whole sun in his mouth causing darkness throughout the entire universe. Lord Indra requested that Hanumanji return the sun. When Hanumanji refused, Lord Indra unleashed his vajra and knocked Hanumanji down to earth releasing the Sun.
Lakshmi Puja.
"Lakshmi Puja" the central day of Diwali, occurs on new moon day ("Amas"), "Aso vad 15", the last dark day of Aaso. (15th day from full moon day when moon disappears).
Celebrated in all parts of India. Diwali is the last day of the Hindu year and people go to temples and thank the gods for the wonderful previous year. People wish a "Happy Diwali" to neighbors & relatives via cards (recently SMSs/emails/calls).
The whole day is considered as the last day to prepare for the coming new year. People explode expensive fireworks throughout the entire night. Mostly natives perform special puja(worship) of the goddess of Wealth 'Laxmi'. The houses are decorated with diyas specially in open spaces opposite the front door. Even rangoli is prepared around the lit diyas.
Bestu Varas.
"Bestu Varas" (Gujarati: બેસતું વર્ષ )is the Gujarati New year, the first bright day of Kartik ("Kartak sud Ekam").
The day starts with heavy fireworks, to welcome New Year, in the early morning, as Hindus believe morning starts at 4am.
The local young boys sell raw salt (collected from a salt evaporation pond), calling it "sabras"—which means all taste, to make the natives' new year prosperous.
Homes are decorated with the aaso palav & marigolds (galgota)/s toran (door hangings) & rangoli beside the front door.
Home-made snacks are offered to the guests & neighbors who come to wish a good new year.
Bhai Bij.
"Bhai Bij occurs on the 2nd bright day of Kartik ("Kartak sud Bij").
On this day the sister worships her brother.The brother stands for Krishna who did the noble deed of killing the demon Narkasura. Sister wishes him a long & healthy life and offers him Tilak & Aarti with warmth.The sister asks the Lord for the well-being of her brother, who is her Protector.is the time where in the bond of love between a brother and sister is further strengthened as sister invites brother at her home for dinner/lunch asks God for her brother/s long and successful life while she receives presents from her beloved brother's as a token of love & affection.
Labh Pacham.
"Labh Pacham" occurs on the 5th bright day of Kartik ("kartak sud pacham"),
the shop owners & most businessmen starts their business for the year, which they had closed since diwali. They start new account ledgers(Khatu) by writing "Shubh" means Auspicious, on left & "Labh" means Profit, on right & Sathiya on center, on 1st page. People also go for shopping which is said to be profitable & lucky for whole year.
Kartik Poornima.
The celebration of Kartik Poornima also falls on the 15th day of Kartik. On this day the belief is that, after leaving king Bali, the lord Vishnu rejoined Devas in heaven on this day. The Devas celebrated his arrival in jubilation and as such also celebrated as Dev Diwali
Kartik Poornima is also very auspicious day for followers of Jainism, as on this day the gates of their pilgrimage center at Palitana and Girnar are opened for darshana, at end of Chaturmas.
Dates of Diwali 2013 and 2014.
In 2013, Diwali was celebrated on Sunday, November 3 and in 2014, Diwali is going to be celebrated on Thursday, October 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19886746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886746" title="Theodore Angelopoulos">
Theodore Angelopoulos

Theodore Angelopoulos (born in Vlachorrapti, Greece in 1943) is a Greek businessman, a shipping magnate and a steel magnate. 
Angelopoulos lived in Switzerland for many years where he received his BSc in Business Administration from Zurich University. His family were pioneers in the Greek steel industry and began dealing in the dry cargo sector of the shipping industry in the early 1950s. He built an internationally based group of companies with interests in shipping and steel, and with investments in real estate and private equities, as well as other financial entities world wide.
In 1996, he established Metrostar Management Corp. in Athens, Greece and he entered the oil tanker market in the same year and his company would go on to become one of the world's leading oil tanker operators. In 2002, he took control of the Dutch shipbuilding company oceAnco and he re-established it as a leading shipbuilder of custom-built luxury mega-yachts.
He is married to Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki and has two nephews, Panagiotis Angelopoulos and Giorgos Angelopoulos.

</doc>
<doc id="19886750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886750" title="Paul Helwig">
Paul Helwig

Paul Julius Adolf Helwig (May 27, 1893 – August 7, 1963) was a German stage-manager, script-writer, philosopher and psychologist, who has contributed in an original way to the analysis of human behavior. He was born in Lübeck, Germany, and died in Munich.
His psychological approach has as a starting-point the chains of reactions and events which normally result (and should result !) from acting, and in which one remains involved because they present one possibilities to seize, problems to solve as well as challenges to take. This is typical for the literary drama, but can be seen (and should be seen !) in a less concentrated way in daily life. Problematic, if not pathological, behavior may arise if conditions for starting and continuing such a "drama of life" are insufficiently met. One of those conditions, the main one, is what Helwig calls "resistance": the resistance the physical and social environment offer to one's aims. If it is too much acting will be blocked, if it is too small action will be short-lived and be in want of intensity and impact. 
Helwig characterizes his approach both as dramaturgical (1958) and behavioristic (1964), the latter because overt behavior is seen as the primary phenomenon, to be explained from the interaction action-environment instead of hypthetical inner forces and features. His "behaviorism" starts, however, from very molar behavior units, unlike American behaviorism.
Works by Paul Helwig.
Plays.
(list may not be complete) 
Otherwise.
Nonsensical poems, which he pretends to stem from the heritage of a distant cousin, with a great many neologisms.
References.
Prudon, Peter (2009): "Ago ergo sum : Ik doe, dus ik ben. Het menselijk handelen vanuit existentieel-psychologisch gezichtspunt." (Amsterdam: FZP-press.)<br>
external link.

</doc>
<doc id="19886752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886752" title="Ulmus × hollandica var. insularum">
Ulmus × hollandica var. insularum

"Ulmus × hollandica" var. insularum was recognized as a biometrically distinct population of "U. × hollandica" endemic to all the Channel Islands and the Cotentin peninsula of France by Richens and Jeffers in 1975 The tree had been treated within "U. montana" (:"glabra") until McClintock correctly assigned it to "U. × hollandica".
Description.
Var. "insularum" has an open canopy comprising irregular branching; the leaves are broadly ovate, < 8.5 cm long by 6 cm broad. The tree is distinguished from "U. × hollandica" and its most common cultivar, 'Vegeta', the Huntingdon Elm, by its longer (8 – 12 mm) petiole, greater foliar asymmetry, and more extensive axillary tufts on the lower surface of the lamina. Richens did not investigate the flowers and fruit.
Pests and diseases.
The tree is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation.
The current status of the tree in the Channel Islands following the introduction of Dutch elm disease is not recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19886805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886805" title="Lightbulbs (album)">
Lightbulbs (album)

Lightbulbs is the third album by Fujiya & Miyagi released in 2008. This is their first album with their new band member, Lee Adams. The first song on the album, Knickerbocker, was also the first single for this album. The single has been released in August. The song "Uh" is featured in TV series "Breaking Bad" and "Misfits."
External links.
Pitchfork Preview

</doc>
<doc id="19886836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886836" title="NUST School of Civil and Environmental Engineering">
NUST School of Civil and Environmental Engineering

The School of Civil and Environmental Engineering (or SCEE), was founded by the National University of Sciences and Technology in 2008 by merging four established institutes;NUST Institute of Civil Engineering, National Institute of Transportation, Institute of Geographical Information System, and Institute of Environmental Sciences and Engineering.
The school is co-educational and offers undergraduate and postgraduate programmes, leading to PhD, in the fields of civil and environmental engineering.
History.
National Institute of Transportation (NIT) was established in 1991 at the Risalpur campus of NUST, and was affiliated with Military College of Engineering. The institute initially provided undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in the fields of Transportation Engineering, Geotechnical engineering, Structural Engineering, and Water Resources Engineering.
Institute of Environmental Sciences and Engineering (IESE) started its MS in Environmental Engineering in July 1996. Later, PhD programmes were also offered. 
With the establishment of the new campus of NUST in Islamabad in 2008, NIT was merged with IESE and Institute of Geographical Information System and given the name of School of Civil and Environmental Engineering(SCEE).
The school consists of four institutes; NUST Institute of Civil Engineering, Institute of Environmental Science & Engineering, Institute of Geographical Information Systems, and National Institute of Transportation.
Foreign collaborations.
Industry linkages.
SCEE has encouraged the local industries, both in the public and private sectors, to collaborate with the institute’s researchers. This industry-university partnership includes faculty interaction with industries and solution to industrial problems through R&D projects.
University linkages.
SCEE has collaborations in the field of research and development with the following universities:

</doc>
<doc id="19886840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886840" title="Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational-Technical High School">
Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational-Technical High School

Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational-Technical High School (commonly referred to as GNB Voc-Tech or simply Voc-Tech) is a vocational high school located in New Bedford, Massachusetts for students in grades 9-12. The school draws its student body from the towns and cities of New Bedford, Dartmouth, and Fairhaven. It is considered its own school district, thus having an on-site superintendent as well as an academics principal and a vocational-technical principal. Students alternate between nine day long career technical and academic cycles.
Students at GNB Voc-Tech experience an education which blends academic instruction with career and technical education. They can choose from more than two dozen career majors.
Through this course of study, students wishing to pursue a higher education are able to meet all of the academic requirements necessary for them to be admitted into state colleges and universities as well as most private colleges. Additionally, the vocational skills that they acquire give them a competitive advantage when entering the workforce.
Many of the school's graduates go on to become leaders in business and industry or in civic and political life in the region. In a typical class, 60-70% of its graduates choose to continue their education, either at colleges or advanced technical schools. Another 30-35% enter the workforce and approximately 2% enter the armed services.
Vocational-Technical Programs.
Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational Technical High School offers more than 30 Career and Technical Programs that students can choose from.
Arts, Communication, and Consumer Services Cluster.
"* represents Vocational-Technical programs only offered to Juniors and Seniors."

</doc>
<doc id="19886845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886845" title="Giorgos Angelopoulos">
Giorgos Angelopoulos

Giorgos Angelopoulos (alternate spellings: Georgios, George, Aggelopoulos) (Greek: Γιώργος Αγγελόπουλος) is a Greek businessman. Angelopoulos is a shipping magnate and a steel magnate. He is also the co-owner of the professional Greek Basket League and Euroleague basketball team Olympiacos, along with his brother Panagiotis Angelopoulos. Giorgios Angelopoulos has an estimated wealth of €2 billion. His brother Panagiotis, has an estimated wealth of €2.8 billion. Together, the Angelopouloi brothers have an estimated combined fortune of €4.8 billion.
Angelopoulos family.
Angelopoulos is the son of the Greek shipping and steel magnate Konstantinos Angelopoulos. He is also the brother of Panagiotis Angelopoulos.
Olympiacos B.C..
Angelopoulos and his brother Panagiotis, won the Euroleague Club Executive of the Year Award in the year 2012, after their basketball club, Olympiacos B.C., won the Euroleague 2011-12 season's championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19886856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886856" title="Papyrus 11">
Papyrus 11

Papyrus 11 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_111, is a copy of a part of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the First Epistle to the Corinthians. It contains fragments 1 Corinthians 1:17-22; 2:9-12.14; 3:1-3,5-6; 4:3; 5:5-5.7-8; 6:5-9.11-18; 7:3-6.10-11.12-14. Only some portions of the codex can be read.
The manuscript palaeographically had been assigned to the 7th century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
In 1 Corinthians 7:5 it reads τη προσευχη ("prayer") – along with formula_146, א*, A, B, C, D, F, G, P, Ψ, 6, 33, 81, 104, 181, 629, 630, 1739, 1877, 1881, 1962, it vg, cop, arm, eth; other manuscripts have reading τη νηστεια και τη προσευχη ("fasting and prayer") or τη προσευχη και νηστεια ("prayer and fasting").
The manuscript was discovered by Tischendorf in 1862.
It is currently housed at the Russian National Library (Gr. 258A) in Saint-Petersburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="19886857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886857" title="Amazonica">
Amazonica

The name Amazonica unites activities in the Amazon rainforest. Amazonica has taken on the task of preserving the Amazonian forest system for mankind, together with the indigenous Indio peoples. An underpinning of these activities is the Rainforest Academy in Ecuador. The research and training institute, open to scientists and students from all over the world, was brought into being to increase understanding of the tropical rainforest. Another focus is the deepening of knowledge concerning community development that has resulted from model projects in the forest. The effort is taking place under the auspices of UNESCO. Amazonica is supported, among others, by the government of Ecuador and the European Climate Alliance. Founder and Chairman of the Amazonica Foundation is the publisher Mascha Kauka, who has been involved with the Indios of the Amazon region for 25 years as a development aid worker, environmental expert and advisor.
The starting point.
The Amazon basin contains the world’s largest forest-based ecological system. It sustains and renews one-third of the earth’s supply of fresh water. The reserve is becoming increasingly important since today two-thirds of humankind have either insufficient or no clean drinking water. The world’s climate is also influenced by the tropical rainforest. It cleans the atmosphere of gaseous emissions such as CO2 that damage the climate. It is necessary to protect the tropical rainforest to ensure that the natural basis for life across the planet can be sustained. Exhaustive cultivation, however, is still the order of the day: year after year millions of hectares of forest are destroyed in the Amazon basin, mostly by timber logging and road-building.
The Amazonica policy.
The around 400 Indio peoples (almost 2 million Indigenous) in the Amazon rainforest are in a position to protect it against damaging influences and preserve it. The Amazonica initiative was founded in 2002 with the aim of allowing the Indios to have a future in the forest itself and thus protect it. The founder of Amazonica is the German publisher Mascha Kauka, who possesses more than 25 years of experience in organizing development projects in Latin America. Its most important activities are the Amazonica Academy and the international Amazonica Foundation.
Amazonica pilot project.
In the course of a pilot project carried out between 2002 and 2007, around 12,000 forest Indians in the Amazon region of Ecuador were given experience in development of the community. Selected communities in the territories of the Indio peoples assisted in this learning process. It focused on education and training (alphabetization, maintenance of the native culture, ecologically friendly farming and production, and the buildup of a domestic market in the forest, etc.), as well as the setting up of a medical infrastructure. This was accompanied by the introduction of renewable energy sources, as well as the protection of the primary forest through the creation of nature reserves and re-forestry. The pilot project was concluded in 2007. Results have been documented and will be available to the native inhabitants of the Amazon basin.
Amazonica Academy.
The Amazonica Academy is being set up in the Ecuadorian jungle to fulfill this purpose. It is intended that co-operation between the Indios and German and international business and science communities in industrial nations should bring about a greater degree of understanding on how to deal responsibly with the rainforest. It is an academic establishment, offering faculties in global climate and hydrology. These include the use of renewable energy sources for decentralized supply, climatology, hydrology, geo-information, and the cultivation and use of renewable raw material resources suitable to the locality. Studies in bio-diversity and earth biology are offered. 
The academy will be open to local and international students, lecturers and scientists. International research projects will also be carried out. The Director of the academy will be the educationalist Uyunkar Domingo Peas, one of the leaders of the Achuar tribe in Ecuador.
Amazonica Foundation.
Financing is secured through the Amazonica Foundation, founded in April 2007 in Munich. The foundation brings together and administers donations and endowments and is responsible for financing the ongoing academic operation. It will provide the necessary means from revenues that include those arising from the Foundation’s own assets, endowments, public grants, donations and sponsoring. Setting up the Academy on two different locations (with the Achuar und the Shuar tribes) will cost around 1.3 million Euros.
Cooperation with academic teaching institutes.
The supporters of Amazonica include the State University of Cuenca in Ecuador, various faculties of the Munich University of Applied Sciences, and also in Germany the Straubing Science Center, the Technical University of Weihenstephan and the Munich Technical University. The German KLIMA-BÜNDNIS (Climate Alliance) and the German Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development sponsor the forward-looking projects. The worldwide Amazonica initiative operates under the auspices of UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="19886869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886869" title="Christian Witness Ministries">
Christian Witness Ministries

Christian Witness Ministries (CWM) is a non-denominational church affiliation founded by the former National General Secretary of the Assemblies of God in Australia 1989-1992, Philip Powell. CWM publishes a quarterly magazine, "Contending Earnestly for The Faith" (CETF), of which Philip Powell is the editor (B. Michael Bigg assistant editor) and to which a number of authors from different backgrounds contribute, including Dave Hunt (Christian apologist), Bill Randles, Mike Gendron, Aeron Morgan, Jeffrey Whittaker, Mark Mullins, Roger Winter-Smith, and Larry DeBruyn. CWM also runs a bookshop and conducts Bible conferences and ministry tours featuring the above speakers plus Jacob Prasch, Justin Peters and Peter Stokes. CWM is a watchman discernment ministry.
History.
Philip Powell left the Australian Assemblies of God in 1992, believing that the church was preaching false doctrines and supporting false prophets and teachers. After his departure from the AOG, Powell became associated with others, who have come to similar conclusions. Philip with his wife, Kathleen launched Christian Witness Ministries in 1994, and began to publish a quarterly magazine entitled Contending EARNESTLY for THE Faith (CETF) out of Hamilton, New Zealand. This is a faith venture, which has prospered under the good hand of the Lord to the point that there are now clearing offices in Australia and the UK as well as in New Zealand. The magazine is now published from Brisbane, Australia.
Ministry.
Christian Witness Ministries is committed to spreading the Bible based Gospel (Good News) of Jesus Christ and to maintaining "the faith which was once all delivered unto the saints" - Jude 3. With this mission in mind CWM, fearlessly identifies the teachers in the church who spread aberrant non-biblical teaching, their false works and utterances, that abound in our time. They believe in the present day reality of the Holy Spirit and His work in and through the believer in the fruit and the gifts.
CWM is biblical in basis, Evangelical in emphasis, and Evangelistic in purpose. They endeavour to follow Paul the Apostle's example in preaching the good news of Christ to both Jews & Gentiles:
CWM is therefore both a teaching and a warning ministry. They endeavour to keep a balance, in line with the Bible on both aspects, in the spoken and written word. They refuse to entertain doctrinally or morally suspect teachings and teachers and have no desire or intention to establish a hierarchical denomination or movement. They do however recognise all who are sound in their teaching about Jesus Christ and His Gospel, as fellow believers — those who the New Testament calls "saints".
With these things in mind CWM recognises a group of voluntary networking churches and fellowships without reference to Christian denomination CWM has a Statement of Faith and Mission. 
CWM has made a stand against Australian Assemblies of God pastor Frank Houston, the father of Hillsong Church's Brian Houston. CWM is also a major critic of Hillsong Church. CWM is mentioned in Tanya Levin's controversial book about Hillsong, "People in Glass Houses".

</doc>
<doc id="19886874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886874" title="The Awntyrs off Arthure">
The Awntyrs off Arthure

The Awntyrs off Arthure at the Terne Wathelyne ("The Adventures of Arthur at Tarn Wadling") is an Arthurian romance of 702 lines written in Middle English alliterative verse. Despite its title, it centres on the deeds of Sir Gawain. The poem, thought to have been composed in Cumberland in the late 14th or early 15th century, was clearly very popular in its time, as it survives in four different manuscripts from widely separated areas of England. 
Synopsis.
Although the "Awntyrs off Arthure" is in some respects typical of the romances featuring Gawain, it has peculiarities of structure and theme that set it apart. It begins conventionally enough, with Arthur's court riding out to a hunt.
At the lake Tarn Wadling, Gawain and Guinevere ("Gaynour") encounter a hideous and vividly-described ghost, who reveals that she is Guinevere's mother, condemned to suffer for the sins of adultery and pride that she committed while alive. In response to Gawain and Guinevere's questions, she advises them to live morally and to "have pité on the poer [...] Sithen charité is chef" ("have pity on the poor [...] charity is paramount"), and prophecies that the Round Table will ultimately be destroyed by Mordred. She ends by requesting that masses are said for her soul. The episode, featuring characters who, while on a hunt, are plunged into darkness before meeting a ghost, has strong thematic similarities to another stanzaic alliterative poem, "The Three Dead Kings", and seems to be derived from a popular legend of Saint Gregory. 
The second half of the poem covers a different story: a knight, Sir Galeron of Galloway, claims that King Arthur and Gawain have false possession of his lands, and demands to settle the issue through honourable combat ("I wol fight on a felde - thereto I make feith") Gawain, who takes up the challenge, has the upper hand, and seems about to kill Galeron; but Galeron's lady and Guinevere intervene, and Arthur calls a halt to the fight. An amicable settlement is made of the land ownership, Galeron marries his lady, and become a knight of the Round Table. In the final stanza, Guinevere arranges masses for her mother's soul, and bells are rung throughout Britain (signifying public celebration, and the passage of a soul from Purgatory), bringing the narrative full circle in a "happy ending".
The two parts of the poem were long thought to be a conflation of two entirely separate texts, especially as the chivalric concerns of the second half seem to directly contradict the message of humility contained in the first. Medievalist Ralph Hanna, who edited the text, felt that the first episode had been adapted by a second, less technically assured author, who added the Galeron section and ended with the original final stanza of the first poem. However, following the work of A. C. Spearing — who compared its structure to that of a diptych — the "Awntyrs" is now commonly seen as a unified work by a single poet, where the themes of the first half are reflected in the second. For example, Carl Grey Martin notes that both parts include graphic depictions of nobles in states of physical distress, offering the possibility of reading Gawain's fight with Galeron as a kind of chivalric equivalent to the ghost's spiritual purgation. 
Verse form.
The "Awntyrs off Arthure" is written in a form of alliterative verse combining the usual four-stress alliterative line with a rhyme "ababababcdddc" in a thirteen-line stanza; the density of alliteration is higher than in any other Middle English poem, with over half of its lines containing four alliterating stresses rather than the customary three. The style can be illustrated by the opening stanza:
Variants of the thirteen-line alliterating stanza are found in a handful of other English poems: "The Four Leaves of the Truelove", "The Three Dead Kings", "The Pistel of Swete Susan", and a number of others.
Composition.
The identity of the poet is entirely unknown. Though the manuscript copies display very different scribal dialects, there are traces of an underlying dialect of the far north-western borders of England. Given the location of Arthur's court at Carlisle, and of much of the poem's action at Tarn Wadling and in Inglewood Forest— both in Cumberland— the author was most likely an educated native of the area, perhaps a cleric. The Augustinian Canons, whose members were often involved in the production of literature, were based at Carlisle and had fishing rights at Tarn Wadling; it has been speculated that the author could have belonged to this order.
Academic Rosamund Allen has argued that a likely patron for the poem was Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmorland, with the text composed as a dramatic entertainment for a marriage, or other important celebration, during the mid-1420s.
Manuscripts.
The poem is preserved in four different manuscripts, one of which is the mid-fifteenth century Lincoln Thornton Manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="19886877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886877" title="Mayrhofer">
Mayrhofer

Mayrhofer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19886885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886885" title="Inezia">
Inezia

Inezia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19886894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886894" title="Jenkin Jones">
Jenkin Jones

Jenkin Jones (born 1623) was a Welsh captain in the army of the Parliamentarians during the English Civil War, and a Puritan cleric and preacher.
Life.
Jones was born in the parish of Llanddetty, Brecknockshire and matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1639. He was a prominent soldier and preacher during the English Civil War, and was married to the niece of Bussy Mansell, a leading Parliamentarian in Glamorgan. Whilst believing that the Baptist principles on who ought to be baptised and how this should take place were correct, he was not an exclusionist like others of the time, and was willing to welcome members of other denominations to communion. He was one of the Approvers named under the Propagation Act 1650, and worked as an itinerant preacher in Brecknockshire and elsewhere, including the Merthyr Tydfil area. In 1657, he became the minister at Llanddetty. After the Restoration of the monarchy, Jones was imprisoned at Carmarthen but soon released. However, reports that he was gathering followers and making speeches led to his further imprisonment, and there is no further record of him after this time.

</doc>
<doc id="19886895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886895" title="Kongsberg Satellite Services">
Kongsberg Satellite Services

Kongsberg Satellite Services AS or KSAT is an operator of satellite ground stations based in Tromsø, Norway. It is a joint venture equally owned by the Kongsberg Group and the Norwegian Space Centre, the latter owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. KSAT has three main ground stations: Tromsø Satellite Station, Svalbard Satellite Station and Troll Satellite Station. The company is chaired by Tormod Hermansen since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19886903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886903" title="Serhiy Kovalets">
Serhiy Kovalets

Serhiy Kovalets (; born 5 September 1968) is a former Ukrainian football midfielder, and coach.
Playing career.
Kovalets played 10 matches for Ukraine between 1992 and 1994.
Coaching career.
After he retired from playing football, Metalist Kharkiv head coach Myron Markevych invited Kovalets to work with him as an assistant coach in 2005. In 2008, Kovalets became the head coach of the newly promoted FC Lviv, who had an unsuccessful start in the Ukrainian Premier League. Kovalets failed to accomplish his task of keeping his team in the Premier League, which ended up losing to Illichivets in goal difference.
At the end of August 2009, Kovalets became the new head coach of PFC Oleksandria in the Ukrainian First League. He held this position until Yuriy Maksymov left Obolon during the winter break of 2009–10 Ukrainian Premier League season when he was offered the position. He was sacked after a 1–0 defeat at Chornomorets Odesa on 31 November. On 18 January 2012, Kovalets was appointed as the new manager of 1. FC Tatran Prešov.
Personal life.
Kovalets was born in Chekhove, Crimean Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine. He is married since 1988. Together with his wife Anzhela has three children: daughters Alina (1989) and Daryna (1998) and also one son, current professional footballer Kyrylo (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="19886905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886905" title="National Hard Coal Company">
National Hard Coal Company

The National Hard Coal Company () was set up as a commercial society by the Government of Romania in 1998. The main headquarters of the company is placed in Petroşani, the principal city in the coal mining region of Hunedoara County's Jiu Valley.<br>
The company has its material base in Gorj, Hunedoara and Mehedinţi counties with total reserves of 350 million tonnes of coal. 
The annual production is around 3 million tonnes of bituminous coal and the total number of employees is around 12,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19886910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886910" title="Flores-Figueroa v. United States">
Flores-Figueroa v. United States

Flores-Figueroa v. United States, 556 U.S. 646 (2009), was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States, holding that the law enhancing the sentence for identity theft requires proof that an individual knew that the identity card or number he had used belonged to another, actual person. Simply using a Social Security Number is not sufficient connection to another individual.
Ignacio Flores-Figueroa, an illegal alien from Mexico, used a counterfeit Social Security card bearing his real name and a false Social Security number to obtain employment at a steel plant in East Moline, Illinois. Though he did not know it, the number belonged to a real person, a minor. The question in the case was whether workers who use false Social Security and alien registration numbers must know that they belong to a real person to be subject to a two-year sentence extension for "aggravated identity theft."
Specifically, the case hinged on whether the adverb "knowingly" applies only to the verb or also to the object in 18 U.S.C. §1028A(a)(1) (which defines aggravated identity theft): "Whoever [...] knowingly transfers, possesses, or uses, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person [...]".
In a unanimous decision delivered by Justice Breyer delivered on May 4, 2009, the Court held that a prosecutor must be able to show that a defendant knew that the identification he used actually belonged to another person.

</doc>
<doc id="19886911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886911" title="Krishna Nath Sarmah">
Krishna Nath Sarmah

Krishna Nath Sarmah (1887-1947) was a renowned nationalist and social reformer from Assam. After graduating with degrees in science and law, he started a legal practice in 1917. Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, he joined the freedom struggle instead. Along with Tarun Ram Phukan, Nabin Chandra Bardoloi and Gopinath Bardoloi, he was one the forerunners in the Indian freedom struggle in Assam.

</doc>
<doc id="19886916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886916" title="Fushui River">
Fushui River

The Fushui River (富水) is a river flowing through Tongshan and Yangxin Counties in the south-eastern part of Hubei province, People's Republic of China.
The river is long. It originates in the Mufu Mountains, flows in the general eastern direction, and discharges into the Yangtze River near Fuchi Town, Yangxin County ().
There are a number of dams on the river and its tributaries. The most major or them, the Fushui Dam (富水大坝; ) is located in Yangxin County just east of the Tongshan County's county line. The dam creates a fairly large Fushui Reservoir (富水水库).
The Xianning Nuclear Power Plant is under construction in Dafan Town, Tongshan County, on the northern shore of the Fushui Reservoir (); it is expected to use the reservoir's water for cooling and various ancillary purposes.
China National Highway 316 runs alongside the river for parts of its length.

</doc>
<doc id="19886919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886919" title="Martin O'Sullivan">
Martin O'Sullivan

Martin O'Sullivan (died 20 January 1956) was an Irish Labour Party politician. A railway official, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 1943 general election. He was re-elected at the 1944 and 1948 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1951 general election. He served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 1943 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19886949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886949" title="Dyer's Case">
Dyer's Case

"Dyer's case" (1414) 2 Hen. V, fol. 5, pl. 26 is an old English contract law case concerning restraint of trade and the doctrine of consideration.
Facts.
Mr John Dyer had given a promise to not exercise his trade in the same town as the plaintiff for six months but the plaintiff had promised nothing in return. The plaintiff had not bothered to attend court for the hearing.
Judgment.
On hearing the plaintiff's attempt to enforce this restraint, Hull J exclaimed,

</doc>
<doc id="19886957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886957" title="Action of 14 December 1798">
Action of 14 December 1798

The Action of 14 December 1798 was a naval skirmish between the 32-gun British frigate, HMS "Ambuscade", and the French 24-gun corvette "Bayonnaise". Vastly outgunned and outmanoeuvered, "Bayonnaise" boarded and captured "Ambuscade".
Events.
On 14 December, as she sailed about 30 nm off Ré, "Bayonnaise" met the 32-gun frigate HMS "Ambuscade", cruising off Oléron under captain Henry Jenkins.
Prelude.
"Ambuscade" was waiting to meet with HMS "Stag" and blockade the Gironde estuary. "Bayonnaise" was a 24-gun corvette laden with a strong crew augmented by a 40-soldier party of the "régiment d’Alsace", under Army captain Nicolas Aimé.
At dawn, "Ambuscade" detected "Bayonnaise" and assumed she was "Stag"; 
"Bayonnaise" also detected "Ambuscade", and, correctly assuming that she was a superior British warship, turned around to flee. From this manoeuver, "Ambuscade" understood that the sail was French and gave chase. Around noon, "Ambuscade" had closed in to cannon range, and the fight began.
Battle.
After one hour, the British had gained the upper hand, damaging the hull and rigging of the corvette. As "Ambuscade" came off the stern of "Bayonnaise" in an attempt to rake her, one of the British frigate's starboard 12-pounders burst. The explosion destroyed the "Ambuscade"'s boats, left 13 of her sailors dead and wounded, and confused the crew. "Bayonnaise" attempted to take advantage of the confusion to escape south, but "Ambuscade" gave chase again and caught up with the corvette around 3 PM.
As the frigate sailed on the port side of the corvette on a parallel course, overtaking her, "Bayonnaise" backed sail and turned hard to port, ramming "Ambuscade". The bowsprit of "Bayonnaise" cut down "Ambuscade" 's mizzen, wounding part of the crew standing on the poop deck, and entangling the two ships.
Both ships fired a last broadside and closed their gunports. "Bayonnaise" lost numerous men, and her captain, Richer, had an arm shot off. Nevertheless, French grapeshot and musketry fire cleared the decks of the "Ambuscade". Most of the British officers were wounded and taken below deck, leaving only ailing lieutenant Joseph Briggs in command. Having grappled the corvette to the frigate, the French used the "Bayonnaise"'s bowsprit to bridge the gap between the ships and climb onto the taller "Ambuscade".
The French boarded and seized a light gun loaded with grapeshot, which they used to clear the forecastle of its defenders. The quarterdeck of "Ambuscade" suffered the explosion of a powder box, which destroyed the wheel and the stern boat. After a bloody, 30-minute melee, purser William Beaumont Murray, last British officer still standing, surrendered "Ambuscade". During the battle, "Ambuscade" had had 15 killed and 39 wounded, including Jenkins and his two lieutenants, and "Bayonnaise" 25 killed and 30 wounded, including Richer and his lieutenant.
Aftermath.
"Bayonnaise" had lost almost all of her rigging, was leaking and had her rudder damaged. "Ambuscade" had lost her mizzen mast and sustained damage from explosions on board, but was otherwise intact and sea worthy. "Ambuscade" towed "Bayonnaise" to Pertuis d'Antioche and Rochefort. They arrived the next day. "Ambuscade" was taken into French service as "Embuscade".
"Lieutenant de vaisseau" Richer was promoted to "capitaine de vaisseau" (jumping three ranks), and the ensigns of "Bayonnaise", Corbie, Frouin, Guigner, Kinzelbach and Potier de la Houssaye, were promoted to "Lieutenant de vaisseau". Captain Jenkins was later court-martialled, accused of letting his ship, crewed by young sailors, be boarded by a stronger party, while he had a strong advantage at gunnery and manoeuvre. He wasacquitted.
The battle was used as a propaganda coup by the French government. Several paintings of the event were subsequently commissioned, notably a large painting by young Louis-Philippe Crépin which is now one of the main exhibits of the Musée national de la Marine in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19886966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886966" title="Polk County Public Schools">
Polk County Public Schools

Polk County Public Schools is a school district headquartered in Bartow, Florida, United States. The district serves Polk County.
History.
Intelligent Design Controversy.
In November 2007, four Polk County School Board members interviewed by "The Ledger" daily newspaper said they would support a resolution advising the Florida Board of Education to revise proposed science standards to include alternative theories to evolution.
Suspension of student for science experiment.
In 2013 the district expelled a 16-year old girl for conducting a science experiment on high school grounds. The student was arrested and charged with possession/discharge of a weapon on school property and discharging a destructive device. Scientists posted tweets condemning the district's response. Tiffany Madison of the "Washington Times" argued that the district's punishment reflected American schools becoming "mindless, bureaucratic prisons".
School uniforms.
The district requires all students in grades Kindergarten through 8th to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
